user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,243200,15892034,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Lyzzie,"If you are playing this before have played The Dark Eye: Chains of Satinav, you are making an HUGE mistake. Stop, play Chains of Satinav, which is absolutely great and them return to Memoria.You will love this even more, I guarantee.Awesome game."
,Recommended,243200,11643601,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Ayuri,"Don't start this game if you haven't finished The Dark Eye: Chains of Satinav yet !This sequel is really worth being played : same gameplay and characters (and some more of course), indispensable if you want to know what happens to Geron and Nuri. Few more hours in this fantastic universe and the same emotion at the end of the game ! DO play it !"
,Recommended,243200,7798329,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,infraredxscope,"Absolutely stellar game with amazing detail and story. Very very few games have made me care so much about the characters within the story and Memoria hooked me in with ease. As the sequel to The Dark Eye: Chains of Satinav, it greatly improves upon the animations and the thought process of puzzles. However, there might be a few puzzles that will seem like complete BS to you and you wouldnt be wrong. It might require you to think outside of the box and have some determination. If you can i would recommend playing Chains of Satinav before this so you can know the background of everything.Pros:Great Artwork and detailsBeautiful and unpredictable story about love and adventuringCons:Some puzzles may take some time and frustration"
,Recommended,243200,16031486,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Faudraline,"“There are many kinds of joy, but they all lead to one: the joy to be loved.” ― Michael Ende,The Neverending StoryThis game is a must for anyone and everyone! It is not only a game; it is an experience, a tale to be told over and over again! I strongly recommend playing the prequel,The Dark Eye: Chains of Satinav, which explains the events a year beforeMemoria, revealing the background story for Geron and Nuri for you to be able to grasp all heartwarming references of this game.After the tragic, yet beautiful ending of the previous game, we meet Geron again in Andergast. A travelling caravan is visiting the silent medieval town, hailing from Far East. Driven by the possibility that there may still be a way to turn Nuri back into a fairy, Geron visits the residing site of the caravan to ask for their wisdom. Fahi, the travelling riddler and storyteller welcomes Geron, and challenges him to solve a riddle that resides in a long forgotten tale: the tale of princess Sadja.I personally think that Memoria is Daedalic Entertaintment’s best work yet. Characters are so deep and alive, you keep carrying them with you long after you finish the series, as if you've just finished reading a good book, and wonder what to do with your life now. Aside from Geron and Nuri, our newly met characters - Sadja and the mysterious magical staff - are remarkable. The story is built so masterfully, you keep playing for hours, anticipating what shall happen next.The gameplay is easy to grasp, hints and interactions are curiously enjoyable, puzzles are nearly always challenging. The art work is breathtaking just like the prequel, depicting different fantastic environments in a fashion that you'd wish that you are there. There are lots to discover in this game!I consider myself a hardcore adventure gamer, and I haven't been seeing a game that I can compare to old classics likeGrim Fandango,The Longest Journey,SyberiaorMonkey Island Series.Memoria, is no less than a modern competitor. I thoughtChains of Satinavto be a glorious fairytale that should be considered a classic. In this case,Memoriais a masterpiece!Please also check out Lady Storyteller's Curator pagehere- follow for regular updates on reviews for other games!"
76561198068919027,Recommended,243200,8129447,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,dana13424,"OK so lemme get  something out of the way before we being, I played this game without playing any of the previous games. It was discribed to me as a game that didn't require having played the other games to appreciate this one.  To an extent, that is true, but the game feels a bit overwhelming when you havent played the other games. The game has some expectations, espectially in regards to it's puzzles. They are logic puzzles, and they are a bit outside of normal adventure game logic of one item for one interaction. Other traits common to adventure games, such as randomly rubbing everything against everything else is still in-tact.I would recommend playing the other games before jumping into this one, but if you can't be asked, then jumping into this game alone is possible. Half of the story is underwhelming (i.e the part where you play as garron). it has a few moments, some tense, some funny, some that are actually a bit scary, but not enough to say it's anything other than passable. The other half (where you play as Sadja) are a real treat. Sadja is a female heroine who is actually a well-rounded, well-developed character. For me, the game was worth it for her involvement alone, it was that good. The normal tedium of adventure games, the obtuse puzzling, the sometimes uncooperative interface, and the weird logic, were worth it just for Sadja's story. Adventure games don't do gameplay well, and this one really isn't different in that regard, but it tells a fantastic story with a damn good ending. I had goosebumbs at the end, despite the fact that i was a bit frustrated with the game at that point. It really mad the game worth it, rapped everything up nicely and made me happy that I owned the game.The art in this game is fantastic. It has a Pastel feel to it. Lots of softer colors, blurred lines, and a really earthy beauty to it. I enjoyed it quite a bit. The sound design wasn't bad, nothing offensive, but no tunes i find myself whistling. And the voice acting is hit and miss. Sadja's voice acting is usually very good, Garons is passible, and everyone else is up for grabs (some good, some Laughably bad). The dialogue and writing are better then most, and the world being build is actually an interesting one, which makes me interested in the other games or possible sequals.The game definitly has some negative points, such as towards the end. i won't spoil, but a character's personality change will leave some with a feeling of whiplash. It wasn't bad, just unexpected and definitly a bit sad. It felt a little forced, and didn't compare well to the rest of the character development that had happened thus far.All in all, the game is good. It's an adventure game in an older style. Still has some of the same niggles as older adventure titles, but still tells its story well enough. It's beautiful, has some wonderful characters, and a deep enough world to make it something people can dive into if it's their thing. If you liked older adventure titles like Monkey island, and want something a bit more centered around drama as opposed to comedy, then this game is worth a look-see. If your more into The Walking Dead style of adventure games, you may feel a bit disappointed. If adventure games arn't your thing, skip it or get it on sale."
76561198047356270,Recommended,243200,13539918,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Shirelindria,"The most engrossing story I've ever encountered in a video game--I cared so much about Sadja and Halef that I couldn't do anything else until I had finished it. I also greatly enjoyed the magic spells, which proved to be a great addition to the point-and-click mechanic. Absolutely amazing game."
,Recommended,243200,8319923,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Berthordin,"“As the stone over the scarab, so rules the scarab over the stone” –The riddle from the Ancient VaultAfter finishing Memoria’s prequel„The Dark Eye: Chains of Satinav”I was anxiously waiting for this game, wanting to know how exactly would Geron’s and Nuri’s tale end. Sitting to the game I had some expectations about the overall course of it, and involved mechanics. I was somewhat uneasy about announced introduction of another main character –Princess Sadja, but overall I did not expected any drastic changes between “Memoria” and its predecessor.To my surprise however, after just a couple of minutes I had to completely abandon all these previous assumptions, and for the benefit of the game that is ! Not only all the strong points of  “Chains of Satinav” were still present – with its stunning music, beautifully hand-painted backgrounds and complete, detailed voice-over, but also, to my content “Memoria” introduced a handful of new ideas making the game even better !In ‘Memoria’, contrary to the previous game, we follow two seemingly separate stories. One starts right after the events of the previous game, which left Nuri, a former fairy and Geron’s girlfriend, turned into a Raven, and the featuring Princess Sadja, a heroine from over 450 years ago, whose footsteps we’ll have to follow. The narrative is written perfectly, telling us the truly moving story, full of surprising events, magic and sacrifice. The characters are likeable, interesting, and their motivations are truly believable.The main flaw of “TDE: Chains of Satinav’s” gameplay were its puzzles, which although solid and logical, turned out to be quite simple, and after a while may have felt a bit repetitive. In “Memoria” this problem is nonexistent, ‘cause almost each of game’s many brilliant puzzles feels unique. All that thanks to an improvedmagic mechanic, greatly augmented in comparison to “Chains of Satinav”, with both spells variety increasing, and their impact on puzzle solving changing dramatically. Now we are allowed to choose from much larger diversity of powers than before, each coming with a distinct applications.Summing up, I have to admit that “Memoria” has left me speechless, and after finishing it,I won’t hesitate saying that this jewel should be counted among best adventure games of the last decade.Both plotline and the puzzle design in this game are as close to perfection as I’d dare to ask, and above that we are once again pleased with astonishing aesthetics known from the previous game in the series.I’d strongly recommend this game not only to those who enjoy this particular genere, but also to anyone who has even the slightest liking to a top grade fantasy tales !Pros:-	Deep and intriguing plotline with two entangled keynotes.-	Huge amount of witty puzzles.-	Unique magic mechanics.-	Beautiful soundtrack perfectly fitting the story !-	Sequel to“Chains of Satinav”-	Set in a vast fantasy setting of ‘Dark Eye’Cons:-	Boxed “Collectors Edition” available only in Germany"
76561198086973357,Recommended,243200,12529323,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Raphael,"This game excels in two fields: Story and World Setting.Story:If you care about story in games, than you must play this game.I played many point and click adventures in my life, so I can compare to a lot of them, and I truly can't think of one that had a more sophisicated story. When I sat through the ending credits of this one, I was just blown away by the cleverness of the plot and particularly its ending.World Setting:I guess that most gamers know all the ""usual"" fantasy elements well - magic, dragons etc. but the world of this game presents such original ideas that it really feels special and more deep than other fantasy worlds.I won't spoil it, I'll just say that in this game artifacts and spells do original and interesting things, that we just don't see in other games.As for the quality of other elements of the game:- Graphics and Soundtrack: Beautiful as you would expect from Daedalic Entertainment.- Puzzles: I think that most of the puzzles were great and fun. There were only a few that I found to be awkward, but still most are great.- Voice Acting: Good but certainly not the strong side of this game, although it shouldn't drive you away from it.And lastly, just note that this game is a sequel to The Dark Eye: Chains of Satinav, which is also a great game. You can't just play Memoria without playing Chains of Satinav first.Luckily, it's another great game, and playing through both of them will give you a great journey."
76561198037572211,Recommended,243200,22198149,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,VenuS ♆,"Mr narrator, your voice has stolen my heart, I could hear you speak forever ♥"
,Recommended,243200,10982606,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Rabmonk,"This game was just as fantastic as the prequel. Some of the puzzles were a bit more obnoxious (the tower/crystal puzzle), and almost thought I was stuck in a bug once but luckily it wasn't. These games remind me of the longest journey, with surprises at every turn and an immersive story. I'm just sad that it's over... it was shorter than Chains of Satinav."
,Recommended,243200,13371321,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,chigangrel,"10/10Sooooo much improvement from the first game, Chains of Satinav! I absolutely loved it, and got so into the game, I wound up playing it much, much later than I intended because I just had to know what happened next.Pros:- great music, which had me searching for a download after I finished the game. ""Nothing is ever Lost"" actually made me well up. Epically beautiful music for an epic game.- as in CoS, Memoria is full of even more beautiful art. The city of Drakonia is especially a standout, looking like something that even Tolkien would find enchanting. It seems more polished and detailed than CoS was as well-- with fog and lighting and shadows.- The story, writing, and dialogue are all much better! The story was so engaging I lost track of time, especially when playing as Sadja and her staff. In fact, I found the two of them to be much more interesting and fun to play as than Geron and Nuri. The dialogue felt more natural to the characters as well. I actually teared up a few times during the story and would occasionally find myself gasping in shock or giggling at a joke. Again, the detail to the rules and background of the game universe is absolutely wonderful. While this is a relatively new world in comparison to The Lord of the Rings and The Elder Scrolls, I still feel that a comparison is deserved. The universe feels real and complete and it's obvious the developers put a lot of thought into it (I only wish we learn more-- they should add ""books"" like in TES, so we can read more if we like).- The voice acting! In my review for CoS, I mentioned this a con, with Geron and Nuri using inappropriate intonations or coming off monotone, or strangely whispering at times it wasn't appropriate (such as when yelling... yeah). Those problems are no longer present in Memoria. This may be because the story switches between Geron and Nuri to Sadja and the staff, meaning less of a chance for me to be annoying with Geron and Nuri. The addition of Bryda was welcome as well. The stand out, however, is the staff. I was wanting to play more often as Sadja and the staff primarily because of him-- excellent VA work there.- The puzzles were a lot more fun this time. It's very similar to CoS, but it felt more intuitive, even during those times I would get a bit lost. Speaking to everyone as much as you can is a must, as it'll only help you to put the puzzles together. I didn't find myself ""pixel hunting"" so much, as it seemed more obvious what could/couldn't be clicked. The best part though was the increased use of magic in puzzle-solving. With both Geron and Sadja, you get the use of more (and fun) spells. Sadja's especially were a joy to play with :)Cons:- Performance issues AGAIN. My computer far exceeds the recommended requirements and yet, when I play for more than an hour, noticeable lag and long loading times start to appear. Play for more than several hours and the game becomes near unplayable and requires being restarted.- Animations are poor and poorly synced. For such a beautiful game, the animations are embarassing. Sometimes the characters mouths don't move, sometimes their mouths don't start moving until they've been talking for a while. Most of the quality animation seems to have gone into Sadja's glorious ponytail. It's very strange and a bit jarring once you get into the game.Tips:- make at least 2-3 saves per chapter, as there are different ways to complete quests and different choices to make, not to mention some fun/silly random achievements (the very first silly achievement, which can be had in the 2nd chapter when Geron first meets Fahi, actually made me laugh out loud). It'll be easier to experience all of this with several saves per chapter, and there are more than enough save slots for it.- Really, talk to absolutely everybody you can, exhaust all their dialogue options. Some puzzles will leave you completely lost if you don't!In all, I can't recommend this game enough. It's earn a spot on my list of best, and favorite, point-and-click games. I bought it while it was on sale for ~$5 and got more than my monies worth for sure."
,Recommended,243200,32181395,Posted: 4 June,all,xXx_69Elhyde69_xXx,"I did not know that this game was a sequel to ""The chains of Satinav"". But that did not ruin my enjoyable experience even though I had not played the prequel, this game is in my humble opinion a masterpiece, The artwork, the story and voiceacting are great, just great! I took so many beutiful screenshots. money well spent indeed."
,Recommended,243200,7895839,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Mar044,"The story continues from the first game before it, to get a full picture and emotional ties of what is going on your going to want to play and should play The Dark Eye Chains of Satinav,  as it relates to the story and without playing it you will have no meaning to what the person is talking about. Both games are worth it. The artwrok is fantastic,  water colour paint drawn in detail out of a fairy tale, with every detail and item done with detail like the game before it, even conversations with NPCS, are done in detail with moving characters that come to life and shown in first person, I bring up fairy tale because that is what comes to mind, those wonderous books you read as a child come to life in this game.Gameplay is point and click with inventory system and magic use, puzzles and events and conversations are logical and won't have you doing some abstract picaso or infinate staircase riddle that has you ♥♥♥♥ing heads and every thing mostly fits.Voice and sound are great, coming from a european maker, you actually get the feel of medievil europe and fairy tale setting then you would from a western game,I can find no fault in the game and everyone should own it, it reminds me of the games of old, like Syberia were story and art fuse to create something you have not played before, honestly it did what few games could do, allow me to feel like I was playing a fairy tale or reading one, something I have not felt since I was a kid. 5/5"
,Recommended,243200,23095560,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,RinRRRRRRRRRRR,"Finished the game with a hole in the heart... I hate to leave the characters.+High replay value.+personally I think the staff has an exceptional voice acting.+the staff.+Scenes are beautiful.+Relatively easy achievements.+intriguing storyline.+When you think about the ending, it actually makes you go ""ooooh so... oh... okay. and... oh... that actually make sense! By the twelve gods I have to play this again.""-some puzzles might be tricky and exhausting, but frankly they're fun and not much trouble.10/10 will do my great deeds with the lovely staff again.sorry for bad english."
76561197970455038,Recommended,243200,411885,"Posted: 3 September, 2013",all,Chicken Nugget,"Brilliant point and click game with a great story this game is technically a sequel to Dark eye: chains of Satinav but you can play it without needing to of played the other game. it's funny to me how small games like this are able to make more satisfying story progression through the games and end with a great holy♥♥♥♥♥♥how did i not see that moment, where as AAA games with millions for a budget generally leave you feeling with a ....wtf really... that's how it ends sort of vibe top notch game if your into P&C's check this one out."
,Recommended,243200,17235018,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Appelsiini1™,"This game was amazing. The puzzles were a bit too hard sometimes, but they were solvable. The graphics are gorgeous.And the story was absolutely amazing.9/10"
,Recommended,243200,10994737,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Daemoness,"Wonderful immersive game! The voice acting was very good and the story + artwork were interesting enough to keep me delighted throughout the whole thing! The puzzle aspect wasn't too hard, but at times it left me thinking for longer than I'd like to admit. Would definitely play again!"
76561198118473843,Recommended,243200,19601692,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,weeblecat,"The most engaging story I've encountered in an indie game in a really long time, and that despite me not having played Chains of Satinav first (which I think would have made me more invested in Geron's story). Sadja is a fascinating character, her traveling companion is complicated in the best way, and the exploration of the importance of storytelling just pleases me to no end. Recommended to anyone who likes epic fantasy with compelling female leads.If you're achievement hunting (or just get frustrated easily by point-and-click puzzles), you'll want to use a guide; there are a number of spots where you can get one of two different achievements depending on your approach to a situation, and there are a few others that are easily missable. If you know what to expect and save/reload in all the right places you can get 100% in one playthrough."
,Recommended,243200,12399001,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Solarin,"Just a short recommendation: a fun adventure with a great storyline, nice graphics and enjoyable voice acting for the most part. I now want to play the prequel to this :) I really like the feature that allows skipping pixel-hunting by pressing space to show indicators for the items you can interact with.The situations/puzzles are of the right difficulty level and quite logical. Only one really stalled me while I needed to figure it out because the solution was a bit more ambiguous. 8/10."
76561198120359349,Recommended,243200,10961521,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,aozora,"Sadja al-Kedir is magnificent.Seriously, I really love how it all ties together, and how the resolution throws a different light on everything that has happened.The characters are varied and diverse, with their own different traits, backgrounds, goals and motivations.Sadja is a princess, fiercely ambitious and bold, calculating yet terribly reckless - you just really have to play her story to get the full experience of this amazing lady;Geron is literally an unsung hero, he is underestimated (somewhat justifiably), has a selfish streak and can be dense, but he has his extremely lucky moments of ingenuity and resourcefulness, few though they may be;Bryda is the perfect mage student, top in all forms and classes, anticipated by senior academics for great things - but she is so very dissatisfied by the current state of magic - obscure, mundane and highly unexciting;Yet, ultimately, they share a few common themes: desperate determination and loss.  And that really shines through, by the end of the story.Not to mention, it's really super to have characters who have their non-white cultural roots clear to be seen in their personalities and actions, while not falling into roles reflecting exoticism.  Characters that stand out from the cast, nonetheless!  And are not all-good nor all-evil!  Huzzah!!I really hope there will be more games with such good writing!! I hope daedalic will produce more games featuring characters of Sadja's ilk!!Please playyyyyyyyy"
,Recommended,243200,15776776,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Bahuemac,"Great game.Great story, great art, great characters, great voice acting. I was sad to see the game end. It's of proper length and it has a satisfying ending and I hope it will get a sequel because I got attached to the main characters and would love to see (and hear) them again.It has varying forms of puzzling which never bored or frustrated me. I glanced at a walkthrough a few times to hasten a few things up which I didn't get right too soon, but I believe everything is solveable perfectly fine if one isn't in a hurry and maybe uses a pen and paper to sort some stuff.´A good thing: Throughout most parts of the game you can press a button to have things you can interact with in the world get highlighted. It helps those who don't want to look for ""hidden items"". It's not mandatory so those who love getting their full classic adventuring way can have it just as well. There is also a ""combination helper"" that, when enabled, puts a glow on your cursor when you hover with one item over another or over a spot in the world which it interacts with (though it seems towards the end it is sometimes isn't working fully either, intentionally or by accident).The story could have some logic loopholes, but I need to think some details over because things can get convoluted with various characters looking differently at events throughout different timelines and sharing their (un)knowing amongst each other.A downer: The English text and English voice acting aren't always aligning. Sometimes something is said but something else is written. In a few instances I had text or voice lines appear from previous scenes that made absolutely no sense in the scenes I was in at the time. One line (well, it was just one word, but still) was skipped away quickly even though I didn't press any button at all. There is a background journey ""log"" of sort you can look up and I noticed one text part not existing at all in the English version (it isn't just lacking translation - it's really simply missing, you get an empty subwindow when you try to read it in English language). These things don't happen too often, but they aren't exactly rare either.However it's possible the English voice acting is better than than the native one. I played the game in English because I'm used to that but glanced at the German version because the developers are from Germany: It's by no length bad but in direct, short comparison I liked some important characters better English voiced. But I could be biased because, as I said, I played it mostly in English.I noticed a specific scene that has significantly deviating English lines. The basic idea is still there, but there are some implications which are more direct in the German version. Could be that it's different in English because these are sexual implications. I hope the English version didn't shy away from the German original too often like this because as much as I like this game I don't think I'm gonna replay it in German anytime soon.Also, that journey log - it looks kinda nice, but it's not very handy to use. It's a wall of images that get added over the course of your journey with some logical lines connecting to the images back and forth. You click on these images and lines and get some info on what happened (which is appreciated because the story can be confusing at times). However some parts of this image wall one may look over accidently because there aren't always clear cuts between the images and connecting lines.It won't hurt to know the prequel ""Chains of Satinav"". The title ""Memoria"" is unfortunate as it should be ""The Dark Eye 2: Memoria"" to make clear that things happened before. This is an independent story, but one of the main characters and his female companion clearly had a long journey of their own before this, there are some references to events that happened back then one may understand and relate to better when having played the prequel first. I can't tell right now because I haven't played Chains of Satinav yet. The English voice acting is very great at showing that these two feel a lot for each other and went through a lot together, though, so it could be very well a positive aspect because it wants me to play Chains of Satinav soon."
,Recommended,243200,18279175,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Manbeast,"I normally don't write reviews for games I haven't finished or am done playing with, but I have to make an exception here.Memoriais just SO DAMN GOOD!If you've played and enjoyedThe Dark Eye: Chains of Satinav(and you should have) than you HAVE to play Memoria. It's not often that a sequel to a good game is even better than the original, but it is certainly the case here.The story is just as intriguing as the first game's, if not more so. The protagonists' (yes, plural) magical powers play a bigger role now and don't feel as  gimmicky as Geron's Break/Repair powers in Chains of Satinav. Some puzzles also require a more creative solution that you might be used to from the previous game, like choosing 3 abnormalities out of a dozen  in the  environment to combine into a fake vision that you can  implement in someone's brain.So, if you've played Chains of Satinav, GET MEMORIA. You will not regret it!If you've never played Chains of Satinav but think you might enjoy it, DO NOT PLAY MEMORIA just yet. Play Chains of Satinav first or you won't get most of what's going on in Memoria."
76561197989454146,Recommended,243200,10367052,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Major Moolah,"The human mind has an innate ability to organize memories into stories... and then ask if someone else is authoring the story instead. Stories within stories and their authors inside them are common themes in various metafictional novels and films but have not appeared very often in games. Memoria builds an interesting, labyrinthian tale from themes of imagination, memory and myth that pleases the senses as well as the mind.Memoria picks up where Chains of Satinav left off, with the bird-catcher Geron once again leading the cast. Since playing the previous title is all but necessary I will not discuss any plot details from either. As a general description it can be said that the story takes place in two completely different times and places and accordingly on two different levels which mix in various interesting ways as events unfold. Unfortunately the story inside the main story, the one detailing Sadja, a princess in an Arabian-like kingdom, begins on the wrong foot. I have rarely seen a more cold-blooded and merciless exposition beginning to a story as the one for Sadja. To make things even worse her quest is a rather abstract one making it difficult to become immediately involved. Sadja herself is odd company: ambitious to the brink of ruthlessness with an odd sense of a grand fate awaiting her. As such she is as unusual creative choice but in the end does fit into the overall themes and design.The writing in general is more concerned with the whole than the parts which I found pleasing. There are no quotable one-liners nor amusing banter but given the fairytale surroundings this austerity may indeed be better than any rhetorical flower arrangements. The somewhat weak beginning is the only major flaw and offset by the very impressive ending. The many layers of mythology logic seen throughout the story are also unusual and take the place of any everyday realism. In this case the high fantasy works since the whole is kept to an economical length are there are no larger-than-life emotional outbursts.While the writing takes some time to draw the player in this cannot be said from the sensory stimulation. The hand-drawn environments are both lucid and vivid and could not have been done better. One of the key strengths with Chains of Satinav was the bittersweet orchestral soundtrack and while Memoria does not reach the same heights it does an admirable job of setting the mood. A true weakness in the presentation are once again the animations. Slight ruggedness during adventures is somewhat easy to ignore but becomes difficult indeed during moments of dialogue. When the only part of the face moving is the mouth the effect is jarring to say the least.As the puzzles require fantasy logic to solve some of them may be problematic but I did not see any insurmountable ones. The number of items, hotspots and screens needed for a major puzzle are kept to reasonable limits. The game also has a questlog to remind you of the current task as well as lore reminders of the things you have learned. Should you lose hope on a puzzle there is even a hint system for the desperate. Chains of Satinav introduced limited spellcasting into the otherwise traditional pointing-and-clicking. Geron only had one ability at his disposal in that game but now he has two in addition to Sadja's three. Not all of these are used very much so some editing could have been useful but on the other hand this system lessens the clunky ""bottomless pockets"" inventory-based problems of many other adventure games.Memoria's ultimate strength is perhaps a strong sense of identity. The developers did their very best with the indie resources available and cleary love the genre and the game as much as the adventure game audience does. Memoria will not conquer the world any more than any other contemporary adventure will but for those willing to appreciate its quiet appeal there is much pleasure to be discovered within these ten hours."
76561197970597610,Recommended,243200,33126195,Posted: 2 July,all,Streicher,"Beautiful artstyle. For some reason the portrait animations are clunky. I got stuck on a few bizarre puzzles and had to look them up. But oh boy was that finale great. Made me happy to have played it through.A really great point and click adventure. Can highly recommend it. Be advised, if you plan on playing Chains of Satinav then do it beforehand because this game will spoil you the ending of Chains of Satinav."
,Recommended,243200,25708200,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Ves,"Developed by: Daedalic EntertainmentPublished by: Deep Silver / Daedalic EntertainmentGenre: Adventure, Point & ClickMemoria tells you a story of princess Sadja; the one who traveled from faraway land called Fasar to Drakonia- to fight demons in Gorian desert. Her own journey to reach the fortress was not easy, determined by her ambitions- she struggled to reach her own goals, but something happened, she disappeared, and her tale was forgotten.Control & GameplayIn this game, you will play through two different time periods as two main characters; Geron the bird catcher and Sadja the princess. Both characters have each unique stories and plots, Sadja as we know, she- pursuing her goal to be a hero, meanwhile in the present, Geron, wants to lift a curse from Nuri, her girlfriend. I expected I would not be confused with control, and I was right! It's so responsive and easy to recognize (as there are some tutorials at beginning), especially when you are familiar with Daedalic games, they have similarity of controls. The best part, Memoria has a feature to show POIs (Point of interests) which helps you to see some unnoticable items or POI, so you will be able to solve the puzzle in no time (well, some puzzles need more efforts, but they're not too difficult). There are also objectives and notes which can be handy especially when you accidentally skip a scene or dialogue. For both characters, inventories and magics are different, for example Geron has an ability to repair/destroy with magic, and he has Nuri's Necklace, while Sadja's ability to petrify, which make players have to remember a bit, but it's not that hard for there are just several items and magic.GraphicsFor the most part, truly magnificent. The attention to detail is lovable, the tomb of Malakkar for example, has nice detail of art, unique drawing, and beautiful lighting. They are seemed to be magically drawn and -- I can say it's beautiful, every detail really caught my attention. Every part of location has unusual look, and Yap! Memoria visually connects me to the game, which makes the game itself more enjoyable.AudioThe other part that I love from this game is the audio, like it's promised, Memoria has a subtle soundtrack and high-quality voiceovers. It was honestly fantastic, atmospheric; you can feel the relaxed, gripping, and quaint ambience. What I love the most is the voiceovers, their voices and accents actually fit to the characters and the game, and the dialogues aren't boring (as if it is a movie). Although the audio is almost perfect, I still encounter bugs where voices are missing.ConclusionMemoria is one of the best point-n-click adventure games I've ever played, sadly I avoid telling many good things here-- in case of spoilers. Even though there's still a little bug lives in the game, it doesn't really annoy you, but what I can say, the game is highly recommended for those who love puzzles, solving riddles, and artworks. It's so inspiring, really worth buying because of its features, and it's so enjoyable (YES, it's incredibly fun).Overall score: 4.8/5http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=769788179Nominated for an award."
,Recommended,243200,11763919,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,burnedcells,Best adventure game I have played since the age of the Monkey Island series.Strong epic fantasy story that will keep you on throught out the game.Excellent puzzle logic with one of the best hints system that will help you when you are stuck without telling you everything.Graphics looks superb reminding me oil paintings and sound along with the voices are also of high standards.
,Recommended,243200,8324224,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,» ∞ TDM xtechnetia,"A point-and-click adventure game, Memoria tells the story of two people 450 years apart: Geron, an amateur mage attempting to find a way to restore the original form of his girlfriend, trapped in the form of a raven; and Sadja, a princess determined to carve her name into history's list of heroes.For those of us used to modern, more interactive games, Memoria may seem a little slow-paced and tedious, and at times, the puzzles seem to be of questionable quality, involving trial-and-error more than anything else (the forest is a good example). However, as a story, the game is a great way to spend a few hours, and despite its short length and simplicity, the gradual developments and revelations are well done, and should keep you wanting to find out more.Certainly this is not a game I would recommend for the general audience, but if a good short story is your thing, then I would say this is worth its cost, and in any case will hopefully encourage Daedalic and other game developers to create more games like these."
,Recommended,243200,21809171,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Pointnclickster,"After being absolutely blown away by The Dark Eye: Chains of Satinav, I was very excited to continue the journey into Memoria. This game is fantastic; it retains that epic, big quality that Chains of Satinav had. While I do love this game, I have one personal nitpick...Lets get it out of the way before I gush my love.In the prequel, we follow Geron and Nuri. I fell in love with these characters, and although the ending was bittersweet, I would have been content had it ended there. However, we see them in Memoria, as Geron is hoping to change Nuri back to her original form. This goal leads him to learn about Sadja, who is the heroine that Memoria centers around. Sadja is an amazing heroine and her story is incredible. The more I learned about Sadja and her quest, Geron and Nuri's quest seemed less significant, so by the time it was time to settle the ending for Geron and Nuri, I wasn't as enthused as I knew I should be. I quickly resolved their story, just so I could see what happened to Sadja, because that was who I really cared about in THIS game. Now all the good stuff, and there's alot.Just like Chains of Satinav, it is gorgeous. It's more of the beautifully hand-drawn backgrounds and characters that we love. The cutscenes are also breathtaking. The look of this game gives it that epic feel. The voice acting is superb. The soundtrack blends itself perfectly to the look of the game, bringing tears to my eyes in places.The characters are well done, but the ones that stick out are Sadja and her magical staff. These two make the game. Sadja is everything one would want in a good heroine. She is strong, resolved, caring, feisty, and dramatic. Her magical staff is a perfect balance for her: witty, supportive, concerned, and loyal. I have never rooted so hard for a princess to end up with an enchanted object. They are a perfect team, and the love and loyalty they share is felt and is truly the heart of this game. Seriously, the ending had me in tears.As far as mechanics go, it is a standard P&C, with some interesting twists. Like in Chains of Satinav, you can perform magic. There are 4 spells you learn and will use throughout the game. The puzzles are fairly standard. Some are a tad difficult, but the game gives all the facts you need in order to solve them.I am so glad that I played this game. I know there will be another play through in the future. The story, the look, and above all, Sadja and her magical staff are the reasons this will become a classic."
76561198333621998,Recommended,243200,31234773,Posted: 19 April,all,MAKAIROSI,"So i copied this review from my review of Satinav, since the same things apply here, and removed/editted anything that doesn't:This game should be bought immediately by all who enjoy a good fantasy adventure. It reminded me a lot of all-time-classics like ""legend of kyrandia"" , ""simon the sorcerer"" or ""monkey island"", even ""gobliiins"" at times, borrowing some mechanics and/or aspects of such games. I thought it was marvellous, and so was its prequel, ""satinav"".Pros:Amazing storylineGood puzzles, not impossible, not simpleSurreal locations at times, with surreal beingsFeels as if you're reading (and participating in) a fairytaleKeeps you hooked with its graphics (which i thought were designed to resemble old classics)Keeps you hooked with its storyline (I said it twice, i loved the story)Completely voice-acted. Everything has dialogue, everything makes a sound.Really immersive.Pressing the space-bar reveals all interactive spots mechanic.The game is longer than i thought it would be.Neither pro nor con:Music- there's nothing really bad nor good about it. It's just ok. It suits the ""fairytale"" theme, but there's no real ""hook"" there. I've forgotten it already.Cons:There still are some bugs, although they are not game-breaking, they do sometimes ruin immersion. I just never minded them tbh.The animation is sometimes laggy.In my OS it lagged every time i got to a new location. I suspect that was because of auto-saving which you cannot turn off.To sum up, i would suggest you buy both games and play them together. It doesn't matter which one you play first, but i personally enjoyed playing them in the correct timeline (Satinav first)."
,Recommended,243200,8539327,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,VioletShadow,"This game is a direct sequel to The Dark Eye: Chains of Satinav, so playing that one first is a must. Stellar writing and soundtrack; improves upon the weaknesses of the first game, better animation and puzzle design. As well as continuing Geron's story, this time you follow another main playable character: Sadja. I found hers to be the strongest storyline, although Geron and Nuri's is quite good with a lot of interconnection between the two playable characters. The artwork is absolutely beautiful, even better than tough-act-to-follow Chains of Satinav. A few of the puzzles might seem illogical, but...as to not spoil anything, I'll just say think outside the box :DWith The Whispered World sequel announced, I'm hoping something similar will follow for Memoria. Great game, try if you like point and click adventure games or if curious about the genre, start with this series."
,Recommended,243200,12455089,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,InsertValue,"Really great game that was sitting half finished in my steam library way to long. Once I got into it again after a long pause I could not help myself but finish it within a few sessions. I am regretting that I had a long pause between the first and second half of the game. Really recommend this game to be played in a few long sessions for maximum immersion into the story.Of course you should play the prequel first as the story is heavily based on chains of satinav (which is also very good).The game has a nice scenerie, a good soundtraick, fair voice acting and a fantastic story. So if you fancy a good fantasy adventure I really recommend playing this game (and the prequel).I hope there will be a third entry of the series."
,Recommended,243200,12850860,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Stampie,"A really nice continuation/conclusion to the events of the Chains of Satinav. If you liked the original, this one is a must-play. The same dark fantasy setting, new (and old) stories about time, about choices and how to rise above yourself.The graphics look fabolous, the music is nice. A bit clishé'd story, but I enjoyed it nevertheless. I recommend playing it."
,Recommended,243200,26036946,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Jet Pilot,"Approximately 10 hours of qualtity gameplay;Riveting storytelling, consisting of two solid storylines;Tricky puzzles that sometimes make you feel like a moron when you are forced to look for a solution online (a perfect kind of puzzle for a point & click if you ask me);Amazing visuals and a great OST.To sum up:Brilliant. Definitely Daedalic Entertainment's Magnum Opus."
,Recommended,243200,8324648,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,whippleshuffle,"Pretty solid adventure game, nice graphics, and decent story. Suffers from some illogical puzzle solutions, and one-note puzzle types (item finding/use/combinations) but overall worth playing if you enjoy adventures."
76561198045141591,Recommended,243200,23667939,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Wolfhowl,"In my opinion this was a really enjoyable and great point and click adventure game, and I fully recommend it to anyone that likes the genre.Following two storylines, with Geron and Nuri's tale working as a framing device for Sadja's adventure, which is the real focus of the story. You might get a bit more out of the game if you have played The Dark Eye: Chains of Satinav, since then you have played out the background story between the bird catcher and his love, but I wouldn't say it is required to understand what is happening at all.The new character Sadja was much more interesting to me than Geron. And I greatly enjoyed each and every part with her. Driven and ambitious, but still with a softer side that she usually kept hidden. Her character and story is a mystery that is slowly uncovered through the journey. Geron has a simple and clear goal, that makes it easy to sympathize and understand him. Which also means we don't have to explore his character so much to understand his actions and motivations.The story had several turns that I didn't see coming, and I was engaged through the entire experience. Because Geron isn't the brightest kid on the block, you might figure something out a bit before him in the story and dialogue, but not so early that you end up facepalming. There are also a few funny moments in this otherwise slightly dark tale, some of my favorite being dialogue between Sadja and her companion through most of her story.The puzzles were good, and for the most part not too difficult. I got through a lot more of the game without needing a guide than I did in Chains of Satinav. And there are a lot of magical spells to add an additional element to puzzle solving. With Geron and Sadja gaining access to different forms of magic through their journey."
,Recommended,243200,26543889,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,RedDreadnaught,"Better story, voice acting, and animations compared to the first game of the series, which was also good.  Puzzles seemed logical, with only a couple of exceptions.  Memoria is a good pick for fans of high fantasy that want a casual point/click game that is more about story advancement than puzzle-solving."
76561197994117737,Recommended,243200,22858973,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,tomtom,"GOOD:Great continuation of Chains of Satinav story.Very engaging narative. The story of the newly introduced heroine Sadja and her cheeky magical staff is equal parts humorous, thrilling and exciting .With one or two exceptions, well designed puzzles that don't require using everything on everythingMuch better character animation than in satinav, where characters resembled animated wooden dolls.Wonderfully painted backgroundsBAD:Lipsinc animation is as bad as in most daedalic games, but not used too abundantlyMade in visionaire studio, so screen transitions can be slow and sometimes the game can become unresponsive when game details are set too high even on high end machines."
,Recommended,243200,16519748,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Jythorai,“It is said some lives are linked across time. Connected by an ancient calling that echoes through the ages. Destiny.”
,Recommended,243200,16639370,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,talgaby,"Short version: 88%If the puzzles wouldn’t turn into a long series of guesswork, Memoria could be, with little doubt, one of the greatest point ‘n’ click adventure games: it will be difficult to find a story that is even on par with this one.Long version:Memoria is a direct sequel ofChains of Satinav, and as such it is also set in the world of Dark Eye, Germany’s most popular high fantasy table-top RPG setting.I cannot express how good the story of Memoria is. It is divided into two timelines: in one Geron (the protagonist from the previous game) is trying to change back his love to the way she used to be; and in the other we follow Sadja, a young woman who lived 450 years ago and tried to make her name immortal. They share a common mystery that is built with excellent pace, making you involved in the story more and more. And the solution/resolution is just perfect. It is not a happy ending, nor a sad one. It is bittersweet… it is surprising; it is everything a story needs.It also helps that the voice acting is significantly better than previously. All actors (but one) had great investment in their characters and gave a new emotional layer to the story.Sadly, the gameplay doesn’t reflect the greatness of the writing. The puzzles start mild, just the usual nonsensical adventure game logic. Then they threw in a forest maze (Broken Sword 2 style). After that, a long series of multi-guess combination puzzles, where figuring out the exact order of the right answers can take forever.Therefore, Memoria can be either a short 4-5 hour adventure or a 30+ hour one if you are unlucky with your guesses. And this can kill the mood really fast… even though this game could have been Daedelic Entertainment’s greatest masterpiece otherwise."
76561198012962211,Recommended,243200,15635512,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Tallowhand,"A worthy sequel to the first game, with beautiful art, wonderful characters, a great plot, and fun Adventure Game mechanics; though even the ""good"" ending may leave players vaguely unsatisfied"
,Recommended,243200,15784731,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,CorpusUpir,One of the best point and clicks I have played! The puzzles actully make sense! When I got stumped and finally figured out the puzzle I was just shaking my head as to how I didn't figure it out before. Love the story and the art style.
,Recommended,243200,16397479,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Fraqster,"Great storyline, incredible art style, mediocre voice acting. Overal very worth the playthrough."
,Recommended,243200,31837195,Posted: 19 May,all,ArcaneM37,"A great game with logical puzzles and a good story. They switch up which character you are controlling just often enough to keep things interesting. And though only one choice at the end really changes anything at all about the story line, they did a great job of making you feel in control, and that can be enough. At full price, it did not meet my personal standard of $1 per hour of game play, but definitely pick it up on sale.9/10"
76561198099216008,Recommended,243200,21213493,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Laura Blues,"Great game from Daedalic! I still didn't play Chains of Satinav, the previous game, so I assure you this is not a requirement to fully enjoy Memoria. I couldn't stop playing it (and you know, getting achievements and stuff).The artwork and scenery made it visually wonderful, the music worked beautifully, and the story was quite compelling, considering this is a fantasy point and click game. It even brought me close to tears at the end. Oh, Sharisad...The puzzles......... most were rather logical, but some were eye-rollingly silly, designed only to have you trying random stuff. Well, this is something most point and click games suffer from, and Memoria is no exception.All in all, totally recommended!"
,Recommended,243200,13130790,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,VitriolBlue,I purchased this game on a whim and it turned out to be amazing.  What a fantastic story.  I hope there will be another after this one! A few of the puzzles were a tad clunky and there were a few things that just didn't make sense but overall the flow was great.  I fell in love with the characters and would absolutely recomend this game.  One of the best stories I've seen in a game for quite some time!My only regret is not playing the Memoria games in order.  I guess I'll play the first one second.
,Recommended,243200,17727295,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Vif_songbird,"Well, just finished the game and I was totally blown away by the ending. Or maybe it was all the accumulated feels I had between the princess and her companion. I found this game on reccomendations when I tried to locate a game similar to syberia. Of course, it was no where as beautiful and free but it was enchanting to venture around such carefully crafted sites.The Pros- Beautiful story. It carried out really well- Narratives were entertaining. I love how each voice actor represented their characters so well,- Puzzles are straightforward but you might need a walkthrough for certain ones.- The atmosphere of the whole game is just A+The Cons- Maybe it's just my computer but sometimes the games lags- Too much commentary. You can skip it if you wish but I always like to know more.- She doesn't run, she walks. And he does too. Hahaha- I need a sequel. This is just too amazing."
76561198166065412,Recommended,243200,23045863,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,sarahvansanten,"Hands down one of the best games I've ever played. Amazing story, artwork and music, I played it in one setting and forgot to save in between so I have all the cutscenes and no savefiles haha. I've never been more enchanted, more captivated by an animated story than this one, I was so intensely drawn to everything that happened that I couldn't help physically reacting to it haha. I wish I could forget it all and play it all over again. I don't know what I expected when I bought it but it wasn't this. The story is intruiging, the mysteries are actually puzzling and captivating, the sound (music and voice acting) is breathtaking and the characterization is stunning. The switching perspectives between Geron and Sadja as Geron tries to uncover her story really add to the mystery and to the player's curiosity. The staff has an enarmoring personality of its own and its interactions with Sadja throughout the story are original, believable and really touching. I don't know what else I can say to make you play this without giving the story away (I went into it completely unspoiled and due to the 'riddle' status of the story I would recommend you not to spoil anything for yourself, there will be so many reveals throughout the story and you want to experience them all truthfully). I would recommend this game to anyone who can appreciate a beautiful story, even if you just use a guide and cheat your way through all the puzzles, it's worth it for the story, please consider playing it!"
,Recommended,243200,21690331,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Webby,I really enjoyed Memoria but I have to admit I enjoyed Chains of Satinav more. Chains of Satinav was one of the first point and click games I played and I felt a lot more connected to it than Memoria. I also thought the puzzles in Memoria were a lot more obscure and required more guesswork even though I have played a lot more point and click games since chains of satinav and am therefor better at them than I used to be. Nonetheless I have to give Memoria a thumbs up because it is still a very good adventure game and if you like this type of game you'll love Memoria. Just be sure to play chains of satinav first it's a must.
76561198103117662,Recommended,243200,25339335,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Diloolie,"MUCH better than the first game, which left me somewhat disappointed by the shortness and the ending. I loved Sadja and the staff, so much more than Geron and Bryda. And from the ending, I want an entire game all about Sadja now. Geron and Nuri's story is done, and Sadja is the most fantastic character Daedalic has made to date.There are still issues... some dialogue doesn't match the subtitles, as if read in the wrong order, or pieces of other dialogues got thrown in accidentally in place of what was supposed to be there; and some of the time, it's read in entire different languages. The glitches are few enough that I don't mind them. I know most people might not think so, but I was amused when the characters suddenly spoke an unfamiliar, harsh language in place of what I was expecting.Also, as an Arab, I'm a little annoyed at how Arab culture is portrayed. Sadja's clearly meant to be Arab, with names like Halef Bin Jalef and all, but they're mangled. Marhaba is pronounced and spelled wrong, as are most things. This won't matter to most players, whose experience in the Arabic language and culture will be minimal at best, but it bothers me. It's rare to see Arab characters, so I treasure the ones who aren't meant to be stereotypes and terrorists, but seeing so much going wrong seems like the creators only cared about the mystical oriental angle, and not an actual culture that still lives and breathes to this day.Despite that, and the fact that Sadja was clearly designed with Western beauty standards in mind (there aren't many noses like what she's designed with in any Arabs I know, and my circle is great), I love Sadja's character and personality, and would pay out the nose for a game focused just on her and the staff's magic."
,Recommended,243200,24349335,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,knightwolf,"Whoa there!I didn't know Memoria was a continuation ofThe Dark Eye: Chains of Satinavand went in totally blind. I would recommend playing Part 1 First before playing Memoria!! OK, that being said I love adventure games and have played several classics.StorySInce this was part 2 of ""The Dark Eye"" Series - and I didn't know that when I started - the beginning was a little confusing as there is little to no explanation/backstory as you begin. A basic cut-scene would have been VERY HELPFUL but isn't a deal-breaker - I found myself easily immersed after a few minutes.The story is a wonderful blend of danger, magic, adventure and love.  With a dual-character storyline that is interwoven, you switch back-and-forth between the two storylines as you progress further into the game. This helped to keep things interesting, and you just want to keep going!GraphicsI was originally hoping for something more adult, less cartoonish and more ""rendered"". But after playing just an hour or two Memoria had stolen my heart.  The art direction was executed well - the scenes look detailed and immersive. The speech animation during cut-scenes could have been a lot better though, It looks kind of ""choppy"" and I orginally  thought my computer was stuttering but later found out that's just how the game is.GameplayIt's your standard point-and-click with a floating item/magic area that auto-hides itself when you hover off. (nice touch) Overall I enjoyed the gameplay very much, the use of the hotspot indicator and double-click shortcut helped in those times when you just wanted to get where you were going or needed a little push in the right direction. The hint system is also nice so you don't have to go running to a walkthrough when you're really stuck (I admit using it a couple times when I was REALLY REALY Stumped).Puzzles, Items and SpellsThe puzzles were challenging and enjoyable, there's a good mix of items and combinations to try when solving them so that's fun. In most cases it's not immediately obvious what to do which I like because it shouldn't be too easy!  I loved the addition of spells which added a completely new dimension to experimenting and solving.MusicLovely and atmospheric, but just slightly repetitive in some areas.Final AnswerIf you like point and click adventures I would highly recommend this game!"
76561197992286692,Recommended,243200,20315580,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,lymond,"Memoria is a sequel to Chains of Satinav.  In my opinion, I would highly recommend playing CoS first.  While most of the story in Memoria is new, it is framed by the story/characters coming from CoS.  In the least, you will feel more invested in those characters while playing Memoria, which enhances the experience.I don't discuss plots in reviews much, but will say that Memoria is two stories in one. The first being a continuation of CoS that frames the story within the story.  The second story is a tale of a young princess who lived 400 or so years in the past.The dual story device here is both a blesssing and a burden in an otherwise very good game.  You get to continue to play with characters from CoS that you care about and are invested in, while learning their fates.   Yet, that part of the story feels a bit short and unsatisfying as probably most fans of the first game would like.  The other tale though is very good with some very solid adventure type gameplay.Again, following from my CoS review, the art style, voice acting and music are all excellent.  The art style here seems a bit more refined/modern than the more painted feel of CoS, but is no less great.  I found the puzzles in the game to be generally harder than CoS, with a good many being quite unintuitive.  There are some real stretches here.  I have to admit that my lack of patience caused me to peak in at a walkthrough at least 2 or 3 times to get moving.  But overall still very enjoyable.The story and adventures of Sadja - in the inner tale from the past - is really very nice and satifying from begining to end.   The framing tale of Geron and Nuri, while solid, felt a bit less so, but it is still very good and marries nicely with the other tale.  If you've played CoS I think you will understand what I mean, but just don't want to comment on that directly in the review so as not to impact the objectively of a new player experiencing the game.A very solid companion piece to Chains of Satinav,  with the combined two games providing plenty of hours of strong adventure type gameplay and story telling.  Certianly a must for fans of the genre.  I hope we one day see more games to continue the main characters stories."
,Recommended,243200,33892319,Posted: 29 July,all,Snorlax🗾,I am bad at reviews but u must play this aventuria story
,Recommended,243200,13823212,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Ceaseless Duality,"Memoria is an interesting conclusion to the first game Chains of Satinav. I found it to be more enjoyable than the first game as well. Thus, it has become my favorite point-and-click adventure game now.The game sort of has two main characters. Geron is definitely the primary main character, as he was in the first game. However, for practically half of the game, another character is in control. The player goes through the dream memories about a woman named Sadja. I'm glad that the developers made those dreams playable, instead of cutscenes. The story of Sadja definitely makes the game more interesting, and can keep the player wondering about how she is connected to the events of the present.Spoiler comment:I'm really glad that it didn't have a happily ever after ending (again). I guess one could imagine that Geron and Nuri could have that if she was changed back and  eventually remembered who she is, but it seems unlikely.The graphics improved from the first game. I didn't encounter any glitches with this one either. No typos. Good job on the technical stuff."
76561198010089974,Recommended,243200,10243818,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,AndroidSheep,"I never thought a game could be better than The Secret of Monkey Island or Full Throttle, but Memoria proved me wrong."
76561198048132861,Recommended,243200,14427732,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Castledoque,"Despite a somewhat confining linearity, Memoria is another triumph for Daedalic. It features an expertly-told poignant and complex storyline with a powerful and unexpected twist, interesting philosophical connotations, elegant visuals and excellent puzzles.Full Review:http://adventureadvocate.gr/gamereviews/item/memoria"
76561197996684655,Recommended,243200,17826243,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,namtab,"Ok so hopefully if you're considering playing this it's because you've played through and enjoyed the wonderful Chains of Satinav and want more of Geron and Nuri. Well personally I felt that the Chains of Satinav was a better game because of it's story and characters, and although we are reintroduced to some old characters, a lot of the story takes place in the past with new characters. I say this not to put you off but just to let you know.The game itself is still great, and I would recomend it certainly. However the puzzles are a little less intuitive and often less rewarding than it's predecessor, the multiple screens and short animations make trial and error methods a little tedious, and more often than I'd like I found myself reaching out for an online guide.The animation has been greatly improved, those fantastic backdrops in CoS are even more beautiful in this game. Also the characters have been given a breath of fresh air in the form of a breathing animation that brings them to life and takes away that wooden feeling they gave you before. But the music in Memoria seems to have slipped in quality and doesn't quite have that melancholy atmosphere CoS had.In short although I do recommend this title and enjoyed playing it I felt it wasn't quite up to the standard of its predecessor. But don't let that put you off, they really caught lightning in a bottle with CoS in my opinion so it was pretty high standard to meet."
76561198088213112,Recommended,243200,18174019,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,wcc,"The story and the way it's been told exeeds even the games predecessor. Especially the first time you play with Sadja was just awesome. After that, it loses a bit of it's atmosphere but still remains exiting.Most of the puzzles were clearer than in Chains of Satinav, but you'll stumble about some puzzle designs that render brute forcing quite useless. That's good if you like these kind of puzzles, but else won't be happy without a walkthrough at hand.Highly recommended for the story and the way it's told!"
,Recommended,243200,9392603,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Beldera,"The characters in the game are unexpectedly diverse and nuanced. When I picked it up on sale I had not realized it was a sequel, but after the initial few moments in the game that did not matter much. The voice acting was good, as was the writing and characterizations, the environments pleasant, and the puzzles not-annoying.I have subsequently gone out and bought all of Daedelic's games on Steam because of my experience with Memoria - so when I say that this game is a new favourite adventure of game, I really do mean it.I would NOT recommend this game for dudebro's or someone trying to satisfy twitchy trigger fingers. It's a story-driven point-and-click adventure game."
,Recommended,243200,15505486,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Lt.FROSTY #Vacation4Days,kewl and nice art and everything but i don't the part ofi t which is buggin' there f*ckin' much of buggin' in it if it wasn't for that... it would be much greater 'n' awesome.~
76561198024571161,Recommended,243200,16716661,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,purpurel,"This game has the most amazing storyline i've read in a long time, if you're into magic tales and artefacts and princesses and wars between supernatural creatures, superpowers, forgotten traditions. Only following the story was enough to catch my interest so much that i couldn't let the game aside until i finished.The gameplay on the other hand has the interesant twist of switching between the 2 times of the story, current and the past that Geron dreams about, which makes you cut off any bordom of the same play throughout the game. The puzzles are interesting and rather intuitive, so you don't get lost and miss the story. And it adds quite a bonus if you played before the Chains of Satinav (first part of the) game.Totally recommend it, it fascinated me!"
,Recommended,243200,9956431,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Skipp,"An awesome adventure game with a brilliant story and an amazing ending! This is an apsolute must-play for all adventure fans (ofcourse, play the 1st game before starting Memoria)."
,Recommended,243200,15209926,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Deisophia,"Memoria is a fantastic game, well written with an in depth narrative not often achieved. It abounds in interesting characters, beautifully executed art style and a gameplay system that is surprisingly non frustrating for a genre known to be experimental.As with it's predecessor The Chains of Satinav, the first thing that will strike you about Memoria is the gorgeously rendered art. The illustrative style is beautiful to behold and every bit as suited to the narrative, as it is to the concept of traditional fantasy. The animations are smoother and more realistic than in Chains of Satinav, which was rather welcome as the transitions are more realistic. The characters appear natural when speaking and this adds to the overall immersion.The sound is again wonderful, the orchestral soundtrack, is neither overpowering nor dominant and does not detract attention from the gameplay or environmental sounds. The voice-acting is particularly pleasant and the actors they have chosen are very good, (in English, I'm not sure of other language localizations) carrying across their characters emotions in a sincere and convincing way.The narrative and characterization is supreme. In other titles, Daedalic have hinted at their capacity to tell stories well, and here in Memoria, they have reached a pinnacle. Each character is distinctly realized, and stay true to their motivations. The narrative itself is both an interesting interpretation of the quest story, whilst simultaneously introducing the Dark Eye setting. Less lore is revealed in this game than in Chains of Satinav, but what is revealed is done so in small sections that are quick and easy to assimilate letting the player continue with the story without getting bogged down by too many details (you'll spend enough time exploring the world visually as it is). It is the story that sells this game, it has a depth of maturity to it, unusual for this sort of narrative, whilst still being easy enough to interpret for younger audiences and it has an astonishingly beautiful message about the strength and endurance of love.In addition the intertwining narratives are skillfully executed, both Geron's and Sadja's quests mesh well together and the juxtaposition and movement between the two is fascinatingly done, without becoming dull or uninteresting.The gameplay is amazingly logical. There are a few moments where you will be surprised at the combination of items, but on the whole, the interaction between objects+objects+world is surprisingly easy and consistent. Where the game does throw a curveball though is in the environmental puzzles, as these may become quite tricky to resolve, especially if you haven't paid attention to the clues from dialogue and scattered about the environment. This is most definitely a game that encourages observation.Memoria is a supreme example of its type, with logical puzzles, beautiful atmosphere and art, and a story that should linger in your memory, Memoria is highly recommended!"
76561198028357690,Recommended,243200,18027265,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,KuudereCafe,Extremely impressive point and click game that will continue to keep you guessing about what will happen next.Throughout the game I felt like a detective trying to figure the story out with all its twists.  A must play modern point and click that will be engraved in your memories. ;)
76561197992470547,Recommended,243200,18165255,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Maikel,"I'll begin by saying that Playing Chains of Satinav is really recomended before playing this game.Memoria has its flaws, you'll probably encounter them as you play: a few bugs or nonsense item descriptions then and there, art quality dropping suddenly in certain scenes, etc... But there's a lot of good in this game to be discovered. Expect a good game, not the best adventure game you ever played, not  a ground-breaking one, but still one that has the power to surprise you.First of all, I found the story different, interesting, and well driven. You play as two different characters, and the way the story connects both parts is pretty cool. I also had a few ""aha"" moments with this game, and that's really welcome :DOn the other hand, the game features weird puzzles, not specially challenging, but interesting. Some of them are unlike any other I've encounter in similar games before, and they felt really refreshing.The art is pretty similar to Chains of Satinav: some of the backgrounds look great, characters are mostly 2D but Geron and Sadja are actually 3D models. The style is good, some of the illustrations are gorgeous, most of them are really great, but it can feel inconsistent at moments (specially with characters, as they are somewhat animated even if they are part of an illustration, which feels weird).So, if you like The Dark Eye, this is a no-brainer. If you liked Chains of Satinav, you will probably enjoy this one even more. And if you enjoy twisting stories and non-conventional puzzles, give it a try.  You'll like it for sure."
76561198069018161,Recommended,243200,18263898,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,ajkey04,"I enjoyed this tale more than I liked the first park. I think for the most part the puzzles in this one were a little more intuative, although sometimes I did find the puzzles a little more guessy.  Simialr to the first one, he is doing all his thing for Nuri, but again, like I felt in the first one, Hilda seemed like a better choice for a partner, Nuri is just plain annoying, whingy and dopey. I guess that's the story of life these days, there are better, safer options, but we always go for the troublesome flighty fairy because it makes our magic pop just that little bit better.8/10"
76561197987529333,Recommended,243200,8343042,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Kaoro,"I have never played a point and click adventure game prior to Memoria, but I enjoyed it so much that I bought Chains of Satinav before finishing Memoria.The storytelling was brilliant. The way the two character's stories interact throughout the game is incredibly well thought out.Beautiful art, music, and great pacing. I absolutely loved it. Without spoiling anything I'll say that I would love to know what happens after the game's conclusion."
76561198118799595,Recommended,243200,18630610,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Kobi,"It tells a really magical storyIt is one of those titles that exemplifies games as a medium for literature(sadly, a lot of wonderful stories are hidden from the public eye beneath the shroud of the label ""games"")i will give this title my honest opinion.If i am to review it as a ""GAME"" where you have to run here and there and kill a bunch of demons, taking serious consideration of its combat system and combat mechanics...2/10it is thanks to its thought provoking puzzles that it manages to even earn a score on this departmentBUT in my opinion, its gameplay aspects isn't what this title is selling.THE STORY and the MAGICAL EXPERIENCE brought out by its art are what this title is all about.The Art has its charm and really well-done. It fleshes out the wonderful story it is trying to tell.The story is a bit on the ""common"" side, BUT the way it was told was brilliant.Being on the ""common"" side is not all that bad because the way the plot was executed.The Characters are well thought of.Probably it is the VOICE ACTING the gets the GOLDalthough i find some areas of the writing a bit lacking, leaving you wanting for more.It was still a good experience, and that was what this title is selling and it deliveredthe only complain i have for this was its duration. It was a bit short.OVERALLI can really consider this as a piece of literature.thus i give it a score of 7.5/10and a thumbs up(P.S. finishing chains of Satinav first brings more magic to the experience)"
76561197974698125,Recommended,243200,14673236,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,neverdweller,"I haven't been very far into the game, but I have to say that I am impressed.. enthralled by its story and amazed by its execution... at no point so far have I felt the grasp of tedium.. I found it hard to put it down, but I have other things to do. by far the best adventure game I have played in a LONG long time.. I own other titles by daedalic entertainment two of which I have been playing *Edna & Harvey : Harveys new eyes and randalls monday* this game.. is in a totally different league... this is just like the adventure games I remember growing up.. it captures you."
76561198048475352,Recommended,243200,14277778,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Freddyyh,"I truly recommend this game! It is one of the most beautiful point-and-click adventures I've ever played both in graphics, story and gameplay. A young man trying to solve the riddle of a bold, headstrong and brave woman destiny while trying to change his own.  Can't wait to play the sequel."
76561198116136534,Recommended,243200,14758018,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Farhana,"Visually stunning, great story and storytelling. A tale I would revisit over and over. A must have for those who love point and click adventures with and amazing story and visuals. Just amazing!"
,Recommended,243200,14793282,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Samick,"I have very mixed feelings. On one hand the game is VERY GOOD. Great story, very good atmosphere.On other hand the game is EXTREMELY UNSTABLE.  On certain points of the game, it crashes all the time, you have to be lucky to get through some videos the 3rd or 4rd times. So I recommend you to save very often.I still recommend this game and the first part ( Chains of Satinav ) because the story is fantastic."
,Recommended,243200,12644188,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,shurei_ayame,"This is one of the best games I've ever played and one of the most beautiful stories!I love that ""just a shady magical staff"". I would like to have one for my own. Really, if only that could be true... I love Sadja and her never-giving-up will and humour. She knows how to deal with over-bored magical staffs, lacking self-confidence due to the lack of memory, with over-excited too self-confident princes, and with too great powers of so great Ruler of Time, that it would be envied and betrayed by its servant.Geron is kind. But honest. If we can say here ""but"".Brida was interesting, but... boring as a common human being.Fahi... Riddle-passionated man with castle-passionated daughter, he was a riddle himself.My brain was strained to solve the riddles, however, not the riddles of the game, but those of the story! Deep story of Time and Destiny, Life and Death, Faithfulness and Betrayal, Truth and Lie, Love - and Dreams that come true.It was a good idea with torches moving the forest, and the only thing that irritated me was a couple of kids keeping washing themselves whenever I came to the location. But the only minus it is!To the glory of Sadja and her Staff!"
,Recommended,243200,10887812,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,biotta,"Nice, surprising sequel to The Dark Eye: Chains of Satinav.Sometimes I wasn't sure, if I liked the princess or not. Or the speaking Staff for that matter. But in the end, it was that, exactly, and the beautiful drawn environment that made the game worthwhile.Handy enough, the user Interface didn't change all too much to it's prequel and this was perfect for me. Besides, the UI disappeared, unless I needed it. Which supports immersion quite nicely.Tip: As mentioned already a few times, it really adds to immersion and understanding of Memoria, if you played first The Dark Eye."
76561198059733627,Recommended,243200,20457953,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Rechiva,"I wish I could remove this game from my memory, so I could experience it one more time <3"
,Recommended,243200,17845903,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,*^SaoSin^*,"The Dark Eye universe is trully fascinating. Chains of Satinav was great. Memoria goes the same way. Lip sync is the only problem for me in these series, yet you will forget about it when you get into the story and riddles.And by the Gods this ending almost made me cry a river.Memoria will always be in my memory as one of my fav visualy adventures."
76561198011832181,Recommended,243200,20056532,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Athena Knight,"fun game, most puzzles are fairly stright forward but there are some trickier ones."
,Recommended,243200,19967767,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,megaramuse,In love.  One of my favorites of all time!
,Recommended,243200,28001812,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,warg,"Based on story-telling alone, this is by far one of my favourite games. The art is very well made and immersive as well. Gameplay wise it's an ordinary puzzle point 'n click, which I don't mind.So this game is actually a sequel to ""The Dark Eye: Chains of Satinav"", but I played this first without any issues. After playing Chains of Satinav, I still enjoyed this one more, but I can understand if others would disagree. So, the bottomline is; if you don't feel like playing the first game just to get to this one: don't. If you are unsure and wouldn't mind, then go ahead and play both . they are both good games."
,Recommended,243200,26195483,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Main man Bumfuzz,"A wonderfull game. It delivered a good 12 hours of gameplay. The puzzles are well crafted, the artwork beautyful and the story captivating."
76561198130105002,Recommended,243200,30747615,Posted: 26 March,all,Siki,Love the storyline!!
76561198059157193,Recommended,243200,20264875,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Ezarkal,"This game is awesome... If you're into point-and-click riddle games.While this isfar from my best type of game, I did really enjoy the story-telling, and the nice plot twist at the end.So really, if you want a relaxing time with a few good puzzles, you should enjoy this ride.Memoria is the sequel of another game, but it's not necessary to play it's precursor to understand it.  (I started with this game)"
76561197996124406,Recommended,243200,17843080,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Pathfinder,"The game has a remarkable approach to storytelling!The puzzles are largely solvable, the graphics and voice acting are great, the game mechanics are easy to understand, and there are sufficient clues to not get stuck too badly.A very enjoyable experience."
,Recommended,243200,28526696,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Pikapool,"Outstanding story. It follows right after the end of Chain of Satinav. Graphic is similar to the previous game, but the puzzles, imo has been improved a little. I had fps drops everytime I go to another screen from 60 to 1. But its not that serious, the fps goes up again in seconds. If you have played the first one, definitely get this one. It has two endings, but there is not any big differences between the two."
,Not Recommended,243200,23136214,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Ishvii,"A game with a good reputation and beautiful artwork. Much better than Deponia, but burdened with similar problems. Having to guess at correct responses to dialogue isn't puzzle solving, it's just trial and error."
76561198023188301,Recommended,243200,10842488,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,FireFlower,"I became captured with the story line of this game and now I cannot stop playing it. I must know what happens and how it ends. I love point and click games, and this is one of the best I've played. I would recommend it to anyone who likes these kind of games."
76561198038625342,Recommended,243200,15009350,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Dash,"Welcome back to Andergast!  The most racist and xenophobic city in the world.  A place where the people would sooner kill you then talk to you.  Taking place only 6 months after the ""The Chains of Satinav""  I kind of figured the main char would have fled the city to literally anywhere else.  Nope, he still lives there and gets treated like garbage, despite single handedly saving the city in the first game.  My guess is this was done to save some art assets from the first game, as I find it ludicrous that the main char would stick around this god forsaken town.Pretty much everything about Memoria is better than the first game.  The dialogue is better, the story is better, the voice acting is better, its longer, the puzzels are better.  It's by far the better game, sadly you definitely can not skip the first game in the series.  While this story definitely is completely different, the motivations of the main char are all tied to the first game, and they are constantly referencing events and characters from the first game.Perhaps the best part about Memoria is that the main char from the first game has the shortest sequences in this game.  You mainly play as a female wizard 500 years prior to the events of the first game.  This character has a far superior voice actor and better dialogue and is an all around more likeable protagonist.  Even better she is teamed up with a demonic magical staff which has fantastic dialogue and also a great voice actor.  I really hated the main char of Geron from the first game, I just didn't find him likeable at all, he's slightly better in this game, but still annoying.The game does still suffer from many of the issues in the first game though.  The lip sync with the dialogue is still atrocious.  They didn't even try to match it up, their mouths most of the time aren't even moving and when they do move they don't follow the words at all.  The music is bad in the sense that there is not enough music.  They should have background music for the whole game, in parts its just completely absent and in others it seems out of place with the actions happening on screen.Still, I think this is a good game.  I love the art direction again in this game and the puzzels are a lot more complex.  Nothing too drastically obtuse.  Except for a jungle maze puzzle, which they literally give you the option to skip, because it's pretty much impossible.  Get out your graph paper and start drawing if you want to figure this one out as it is absurd.  You definitely won't win it without mapping this thing out.  The very last puzzle is also a type of maze puzzle, but slightly easier.  I do wish they would continue making games in this series...but it kind of feels like this might be the last one.Anyone who likes adventure games should definitely get this game.  The story is fantastic, and genuinely had me interested the whole way through.  It's a lot more serious then the King's Quest games, but I enjoy that about it.  I still say it's not nearly as good as ""Gray Matter"" which I think is the best modern adventure game, but this is a must play for adventure game fans.  #Worth $5 (it is still an adventure game!)"
,Recommended,243200,25613628,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Is Se7enFold,"Nice story,Nice gameplay,Nice voice acting,Nice character,Good point and click game.This game is a sequel to the game 'The Dark Eye : Chain of Satinav'Overall 8/10"
,Recommended,243200,21073114,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,<™[-=> Cookiez <=-]™>,"Very interesting storyline, just like the majority of Daedalic Entertainment titles. There are 2 different storylines that intertwine. One is of Geron and his plan to change his love, Nuri back into a human from a crow. The other is an overarching story Sharisad, a princess wannabe who finds an air elemental and gets involved with of a God of Time, Satinav and his Djinn of Time, Menmoremnon.Edit: The air elemental is just the bird. Read the comments for who actually is the staff.PROS1. Mnemoremnon; the Djinn of TimeSuch a cool character.2. SharisadIt's interesting to know that there will be another expansion with Sharisad3. StorylineVery interesting. The way Daedalic melds the story of a magical Djinn of Time, God of Time, a princess and an air elemental, together with the story of Geron and Nuri.CONS1. Too DifficultI dislike getting stucked for too long.SUGGESTIONS1. Hint BarI would suggest a hint bar for players who can't solve the riddles. At least with a hint, you feel that you can solve the puzzle instead of getting a full answer from Gameboomers."
,Recommended,243200,23184439,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,TheDContinuum,"It isn't obvious from the title, but this is actually a sequel to the Dark Eye: Chains of Satinav, so if you haven't played that, go play it. Otherwise, you might be confused about much of the story, which is never re-explained for new players. That being said, this is an EXCELLENT adventure game, even better than the original in my opinion. Good puzzles, GREAT characters, excellent voice acting, AMAZING story...yeah. Just awesome. It strays from the original in that there are actually two main plots: 1) the framing story, which takes place with Geron and Nuri after the events of the first game and 2) an entirely new story and characters set some 400 years before, during a time of epic war. In many ways, this backstory is actually WAY better than the framing story, although they do come together in the end to make it one cohesive game. They could just as easily have made this flashback its own game set in the same universe. It's that good. I had two glitches while playing, one near the beginning that required a complete restart. It happens if you do things out of the ""intended"" order. The other, one of the characters' words switched suddenly to some other language for a line or two. I didn't miss out on anything due to subtitles, but it was jarring.Overall, a sequel that's as good or better than the original. A fascinating adventure game. 10/10"
76561198052781400,Recommended,243200,33549465,Posted: 14 July,all,JC,"Dark Eye Part I, concluded in Memoria.I enjoy adventure games with a good story and good puzzles, and this one stands right up there with the best of them. I will say the game starts out slow, and drags a little and the main character feels a bit bland. But as the game moves on the story gets pretty interesting and really picks up. Perhaps this was by design as he really is kind of a boring nobody so in that sense its freshing. He was not some grand savior, just someone trying to make their way in the world. The art is very nice and getting around is simple with chapters using a few areas to work as you complete the puzzles. Most of the puzzles are semi intuitive, but can resort to trying everything on everything at time to time when you are stuck. The voice acting is first rate, and the story is spot on for this fairly tale adventure.Memoria, Part IIMore of the same but it’s in a good way. In some ways I enjoyed it more than the first. The story and the new characters are very interesting. The Story also has some interesting twists that the first story lacked as the first was a bit more strait forward, the second had more to figure out and wonder about as well which was nice. Basically the game is good right from the start as it is basically the continuation of the first but better. Voice acting/story are a step up over the first in the way of the new characters are even better with more interesting folks to meet. The one down side I found the puzzles a bit to random, with more just try everything, unless you under stood the clue, which I often did after.Over all it’s a great series. The second I enjoyed the story more, the first was better for the puzzles. But don’t take that as meaning they were bad in either. It’s just more the way the games felt to me. If you like Fantasy adventures, then really look no further."
,Recommended,243200,21902320,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,B3aT,"A true adventure game, reminds me of Syberia. It has a nice balance of hard puzzle (some skippable), intriguing and twisted story and beautiful artwork. The end worth the waiting, it has a longer story then I expected.Do not play this game as your first point&click adventure type game, is more for core-audience."
,Recommended,243200,17838069,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Shaw,It's as great as Chains of Satinav. 2D fantasy adventure game are fantastic in my humble opionon. I can't stand for 3rd game form this series!
76561198014955980,Recommended,243200,17952963,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Ashuroa,"I didn't like it quite as much as Chains of Satinav for story reasons (which I won't go into not to spoil anyone) but it still had the same quality as the prequel. Good puzzles, pretty graphics, interesting characters. Definitely a good buy, especially if you wait for one of the many Deadalic sales and get it for cheap."
76561198250240500,Recommended,243200,29026472,Posted: 4 January,all,kanaan,"Kept me going until the end. That's quite an accomplishment for such a long game. The ending fell sort of flat for me, but at least it makes you think a little - a rarity nowadays."
76561198042721313,Recommended,243200,30206501,Posted: 26 February,all,RobBoss,"A good puzzle adventure game. The story was good. The storylines were a little confusing to peice together in the first half of the game, but the second half is really good. Highly recommend."
,Recommended,243200,32049819,Posted: 29 May,all,Drecksnoob1337,"It has a wonderful story which gets telled in cutscenes but also you have to tell it time by time.The music sets a nice, relaxing atmosphere, so it's perfect if you wanna calm down at home and forget the world around you for a bit :)(20€ are a bit too much in my opinion (8-10h gameplay), but if it's in a sale, i recommend to grab it instant)"
76561198052533537,Recommended,243200,33660052,Posted: 19 July,all,Cissi Chan,"The stunning visuals is definitely the game's strongest point. Even the akward animation has its own charm. But the story is rather confusing (albeit intriguing in the end) and it really helps to play the first game first, as this is a sequel.The puzzles is where the game really falters though. At times they rarely make any sense or are just needlessly frustrating, but since there is no penalty for failing the game is good even for casual fans of point and click puzzle games."
76561198038786881,Recommended,243200,26491376,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Sadberry,"Loved it, though I wish I had know there was a previous game in the series before playing this one... There where some mayor spoilers.It is not a very long game (I finished it in only one sitting), but still a great title to get on sale."
,Recommended,243200,25159525,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,galiannee,"I quite enjoyed the double timelines and how they intertwine. Beautiful art and landscapes, good story. At several points in the story, I spent quite some time pondering on what I was supposed to do in order to progress, but then, that might be because I hadn't played any point&click game in quite a while.I enjoyed the game overall, though the new screens were slow to load, but then, that might just be because of my computer and not because of the game."
76561198107234348,Recommended,243200,34374200,Posted: 20 August,all,claudiaestein,the story was really great... i was was pulled in completely. I know these kinds of games aren't the most popular but i loved it.
,Recommended,243200,28216774,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Akito-,"Good story,almost make me cry ;'|"
76561198027294980,Recommended,243200,20265951,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,DSx,"The Short:2D Graphics - A3D Graphics - CMusic / Sound - AStory - CPuzzles - BStability / Bugs - B (Some people have reported crashes, I only encountered minor performance hits in some scenes)Overall: BThe Long:A short but decent graphic adventure which reminded me a lot of the old adventure games from the 90s.  Overall, I'd recommend purchasing the game on sale if you enjoy adventure games (especially if you want some nostalgia from games of old).  It is not worth its full price.  I beat the game in roughly 9 hours (with pauses due to real life where the game was left running).  If you marathoned it without getting up and are good at puzzles, you could finish it much faster.The ending was probably the least interesting part of the adventure since your final choices are much more limited than I would have preferred.  Unlike some people, I did not encounter any crashes or stability issues.  The only problem was occassional lag in certain cutscenes and animations (which I am shocked about considering its a mostly 2D game and my computer is a monster).  Anyways, my overall verdict would be to purchase it on sale if you want to experience a more old-school style adventure game with pretty background visuals, just don't expect the story to blow your mind."
76561198080712664,Recommended,243200,31890025,Posted: 21 May,all,crazykiwi,"Exellent game, I would suggest playing 'The chains of Satia' first."
76561198065396619,Recommended,243200,15180513,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Violent Rainbow,"This is a pretty good game, I haven't played the first one because I thought THIS was the first one so I was pretty confused at some parts but you really don't need to play the other one first to understand most of this game. If you love point and click adventures, especially challenging ones, this is right up your alley you WILL enjoy it.My one minor insignificant negative comment / rant is that the story kinda goes crazy towards the end, almost as if they had most of the story thought up then when they tried to make an ending they ran out of ideas and cobbled together a bunch of ridiculous nonsense like (SPOILER ALERT!) The staff turning into a weird creepy staff person? O_o And Bryda suddenly hating her life so much and deciding to basically commit suicide and destroy the world or something? I mean what the fudge was that? Where did that come from? And Sharisad's end? Beyond depressing! I know she comes back to life after ""turning herself into a ruby"" according to the staff anyway, in reality she probably died alone in that garden (hope that time guy isn't reading this *wink wink*) and I really think they focused too much on Sharisad and not enough on the main guy character (already forgot his name). Even the whole war thing didn't seem to be explained enough, I really had no idea what was going on with that or with the prince... still enjoyed the game but I feel like I need closure and they didn't provide it."
,Recommended,243200,13288778,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,SeraphimWarriors,"You obviously intended this to drive players mad. I had to finish it. I had to. It was wonderful. it was lovely. it was fun. And if there isn't a sequel, i will be deeply disappointed."
76561198026397358,Recommended,243200,8478361,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Wimp,Compelling story.
,Recommended,243200,11768566,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Raggamuffin,I enjoyed this one a lot more than its predecessor.  Maybe it was a result of a more interesting story or maybe it was the fact that Sadja is more interesting than the stick-in-the-mud Geron.8/10Playtime: ~ 8.5h
,Recommended,243200,8176027,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,sin(π),Great followup to Chains of Satinav. The voice acting for this game was top notch.
76561198041743399,Recommended,243200,8484834,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,john.deraismes,Good story line.
76561198006223772,Recommended,243200,18168526,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Nozzle Tov,so so much better than the first
76561198031402246,Recommended,243200,14856741,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Zapproves,"One of the best fantasy stories I've experienced in video games. It's so awesome I wish it was a graphic novel, and the puzzles actually felt a bit distracting as I just wanted to know what happened to the characters. Not that the puzzles were bad though--not perfect, but pretty solid. I have nothing to complain about.9/10, -1 only because I'm not comfortable giving perfect ratings."
76561198025070619,Recommended,243200,15762629,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,spiritworld,"Very beautiful and entertaining point n click. I recommend to play the Chains of Satinav first to get the full story experience; there're many references to prequel along the game.Pros:-polished gameplay, more optimized game engine (compared to chains of satinav)-medium playtime, about 12h-amazingly detailed digital art backgrounds, smoothly animated characters-nice voice acting (english)-well paced story and somewhat touching at the end, I liked the Staff mostCons:-one illogical puzzleDisable a power crystal only by touching it directly. Can't touch it? Better throw something at it.-personally I was irritated by Gerons voice actor, good performance whatsoever, just the voice itself (english)"
,Recommended,243200,18006187,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,dan,An absolutely beautifully crafted game.
,Recommended,243200,12947768,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,distem,Great puzzle game.  Really good if you like this type of game.
76561198008984332,Recommended,243200,18076032,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,onurv,Good game. The developers cheat a little to make the final twist happenthey even lie in the game's descriptionbut good game nonetheless.
,Recommended,243200,18126895,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,babjones,very good story
76561197969543323,Recommended,243200,8196381,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Sir Galahad,Beautiful and interesting.
76561198087163434,Recommended,243200,30502712,Posted: 13 March,all,拷問蛙さん,"Memoria...Expected: 010 adventure for a lazy weekendFound: lots of atmosphere and fun for a veery lazy weekendMaybe most of these riddles should have been tougher (on the other hand, the achievementsare easy as well), and maybe i should have playedpart 1 before this (Some lines are hard to understand, but overall, i didnt give a fork about it).Still, memoria was far above being casual. Nice Soundtrack btw. So, if its not too expansive,i'd recommend you to have a try. Check my screens, if You don't mind some spoilers. Well, nospoilers, unless you speak german.9/10http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=883317338"
,Recommended,243200,30625786,Posted: 19 March,all,onyxwar,"It has a really interesting storyline, and the puzzles were challenging.  Could be a little difficult to figure out what to do next, at times, but clicking on the objective in the quest log gives you hints (which took me about halfway through the game to figure out). Definitely save (not overwriting) often, since several achievements are mutually exclusive. Overall, it's a fun game with a good story, and now that I know it's a sequel, I look forward to playing the first one!"
76561198019898693,Recommended,243200,33754551,Posted: 23 July,all,fluxrider,"Never played the first game (this is a sequel), but I'm enjoying Memoria quite a bit. There is no need for a walkthrough. Not too easy, not too harf, just right. Art is beautiful, voice acting is great.  Pacing is relaxing. Theme is amazing."
76561198072187551,Recommended,243200,30741786,Posted: 25 March,all,Wolfgang,"This is one of the better games in the point and click genre that I have played. The storyline and art are really good and interesting to follow, while the puzzles are interesting and original.I really like the style of the art and some of the scenes are very beautiful and striking... although it is a basic point and click game it feels like it has a lot of depth.Very eye pleasing and enjoyable, does require some patience."
,Recommended,243200,31938689,Posted: 24 May,all,And_DOt,Awesome game !!! 10/10
,Not Recommended,243200,29998997,Posted: 17 February,all,samiup,"Game crashes for me on two differnt computers right after the first few conversations, I talked to Fahi and he started telling his nstory, then the credits starts playing, then nothing, straight to desktop...very annoying."
,Recommended,243200,9844927,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,TheLagbringer,"The story in the game was extremely immersive and well designed, I devoured it whole during three very long gaming sessions where I simply could not just stop. Another shining star of this game was beautiful hand drawn graphics and interesting characters. That is the strong part of the game and I will definitely reccommend it to everyone.However it is also important to mention some of the drawbacks I encountered. Puzzles were okay, but I found them too obvious or plain ridiculous, only a few were somewhere in between that left me with a warm feeling of accomplishment. The game also glitched a lot on my few months old high-end PC. And for the last thing, I don't understand in general achievements in a point-and-click adventure game. Seriously, why ? Such games don't have a replay value ... or at least not right after I finished it. Okay, I can forgive that, but at least after finishing the game I would like to go and get those achievements. Unfortunately, no. I can only start all over or use only my own saves (which I dont have many since it is an adventure game). And yeah no jumping to chapters. Nevermind, the negatives of this game are more or less insignificant, so do yourself a favor and go dive into the Memoria story !"
,Recommended,243200,27035094,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,checkstock,There's an achievement for not being a blind idiot. I don't have it.
76561197997558287,Recommended,243200,17438272,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Noîr,"5/10 Story is interesting, but this game appears to have some bugs and graphic isnt that good.(Game bugged for 2 times, one of them made me have to restart entire game progress)"
,Recommended,243200,13846838,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,ShinOnna,"Memoria is one of those third-person adventures I was thinking of playig long time ago, but the graphics put me off. It's not Syberia, you know?Well, I was wrong. The story was such a cute fantasy adventure I was into it within the first ten minutes. I wouldn't let go, although I did for work.The game had a great advneture and a nice story. The graphics were what made it special. There are different achievements across the game, making replaying it even better.The only negativity I could find is that the story has a few lame-spots, as I like to call them. It just doesn't make sense, but hell - it's a fantasy world, who knows how people should react if they were born and raised in it?"
76561198048146050,Recommended,243200,15232076,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,clep,Good game with exciting story and challenging puzzles.
76561197970525328,Recommended,243200,14878990,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,DragonKP,"A much better, coherent story than its prequel - Chains of Satinav.  I recommend it for the story alone. The puzzles are a massive annoyance, and shows the devs were once again tripping on acid. Worth picking up on sale."
76561198110126353,Recommended,243200,16342989,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,yanakonokhova,AMAZING!! Clever puzzles and great story!
76561197961292249,Recommended,243200,17122705,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Johan,"Really good adventure game. Finishes the story started in the Chains of Satinav. Very bittersweet, but highly recommended for adventure game fans."
76561198012335195,Recommended,243200,16952983,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,ChaseWhite3,Awesome.
,Recommended,243200,18528785,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Hor1z0n,"Definitely one of the best games I have ever played;Definitely one of the best stories I have ever heard.This game closes beautifully what they begun in 'Chains of Satinav';It's really a pity that it doesn't seem to leave some gaps to a sequel or a related game. I really wish to see Daedalic making something else in this awesome universe that is ""The Dark Eye""."
,Not Recommended,243200,23266439,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,hotscorn,"The puzzles are mostly tedious, unintuitive, and require a lot of thoughtless trial and error on the player's part. Most of the rest (story, voice acting, art) is decent to mediocre. I made it through to the end, and a few of the twists were interesting, a few cheesy, but mostly they just didn't come together as a cohesive story.Expect to either user a walkthrough or suffer through a lot of irrtation when you have no idea what to do."
,Recommended,243200,2675283,"Posted: 26 September, 2013",all,zeta307,"Absolutely amazing story, and while some puzzle elements become tedious at times, it doesnt realy hurt the game to the point where you want to stop playing."
76561198041040258,Recommended,243200,4714111,"Posted: 22 September, 2013",all,April Ryan,Quest + Dark Eye = Perfect
76561198027197611,Recommended,243200,9886373,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Raziel,"I just finished this great series of games (Chains of Satinav and this masterpiece right here) and I can only say WOW!!! What a story....what a blend of characters!As I sat watching (or rather hitting ESC to skip) the credits, my mind was blown by the excelent engings. I never saw that coming...I have to say I would honestly buy these games again, just to show my support for the team behind these works of art.Like I said in the review for the first game, even people who aren't big fans of adventure games should play this for the sheer pleasure of seeing the story unfold and the characters evolve through 2 splendid games. GO BUY AND PLAY THIS NOW!!!"
76561197979099756,Recommended,243200,17934675,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,JazzyJet,Such a fantastic story
,Recommended,243200,25254132,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Xirimbolo,"Highly recommended, an excellent point and click adventure with beautiful artwork, amazing puzzles, and an ambitious story. Mechanics are great, especially the magic spell system. The animation isn't good, but it feels like part of the style. Voice acting is quite bad, but it didn't bother me much."
,Recommended,243200,14661858,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,I'm Not Sue,"This game is a sequel to The Dark Eye: Chains of Satinav... sort of.  It more uses the previous game as a backdrop to space out the telling of a different story in the same universe, while resolving some hanging threads from the last game.  More on that later.Just like the last game, the artwork is gorgeous, music is pleasant but more theatrical than catchy.  Voice acting feels more robust this time around too.  Thankfully many of the puzzles are more interesting than the last game, with fewer obnoxious red herrings or arbitrary conditions for progression.  Its not to say that its a vast improvement as there are still numerous obtuse moments, and there is at least one absolutely stupid puzzle in the game (shadow wall / mirage memory recall) where the game suggests memorizing a pattern that as far as I, four other people, and a few guides I had to peruse, absolutely could not identify and may as well have not existed.  Some of the functionality for viewing possible interactions is polished a bit better, and for a few sections the game even offers to let you skip a portion where you have to navigate a fairly mundane maze.The story in this game is actually REALLY good compared to the original.  The story of the previous game with Geron and Nuri is a backdrop for a retelling of a story of a woman named Sadja from a time long before, and the premise of that story and the cosmology around it was very compelling to me.  The weight of Sadja's story and the twists and revelations were very enjoyable and compelling.  Additionally, there's a genuinely depressing feeling and heart wrenching response from me over Nuri's and Geron's plight in a few scenes.  With the strength of both scenarios in this game, its kind of disappointing when the actual impact of Geron's scenario ends up as more or less tertiary.  Its resolution leaves me wholly unsatisfied because of how much it takes backseat to the other, despite being the hook of why you should care about this other story with Sadja in the first place.  I wonder if the dev's just didn't think Sadja's story could have stood out well on its own, and maybe it might not have, but as it is the rest of the game more or less exists to give Sadja's story one more twist to it at the end before saying 'Oh, and that stuff from Chains of Satinav, lets resolve that in just a few seconds and move on to the credits.'  That being said, the twist in Sadja's story that wrapped everything up near the end was for me on par with the oft-touted 'Would you kindly' of Bioshock.Overall... I'd still reccomend it.  Like the previous game, it clocks in at about 10 hours.  Its beautiful, its got a good setting and premise, just expect that you'd have to look up a guide for a section or two.  You play these sorts of games for the story and the characters, and its got some good ones."
76561198038552111,Recommended,243200,14968802,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Phruler,Good game
,Recommended,243200,18686446,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Ron has an average shlong,Ide-ravenedmy fake girlfriend5 ravens out of 5
,Recommended,243200,31280328,Posted: 21 April,all,Lilith94,"This game was amazing. The trailer is a bit weird but don't be detered. I was not all that caring towards the story-line concerning the princess. Compared to the strong-willed main female lead, she seems so very weak. Never the less, it is a good play."
,Recommended,243200,29079675,Posted: 6 January,all,thanbo,nice ending
76561198068993420,Recommended,243200,21651905,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Winnie The Pooh,This game is amazing in many way's.
76561198009127959,Recommended,243200,32748531,Posted: 24 June,all,Iksvomid,It's called Memoria because it's so good You'll never forget it.
,Recommended,243200,15123922,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,GeorgeBlack,Buy it
76561198100253763,Recommended,243200,25532020,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Amane Yu,"nice riddle, good story, enjoy!"
,Recommended,243200,26052781,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,vladimir.werskov,A very nice and enjoyable experience. I loved every piece of it.
76561197968116408,Recommended,243200,14970903,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Fishook,"Not a bad point and click game from Deadalic, it lacks the humour of its other titles, but that down to its setting I suppose* Played to Completion"
76561198031032248,Recommended,243200,19537379,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,oana,One of the best puzzle/adventure games I have ever played. Totally worth it. So much fun!
,Recommended,243200,29150823,Posted: 9 January,all,Lennon,Much better than its prequel in about everything! Enjoyed the game
,Recommended,243200,28347545,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Scottx125,"Fantastic game, the mechanics are much smoother than the previous one, and the puzzles more logical. The story is better than the first game in the series, and the ending is SO much better! To put it simply without spoilers, there are 2 parts to this storys ending, a bitter sweet one, and a happy ending (both happen not just one). And it's a story ultimatly about love, and whilst this is all going through and playing out before you, you will be racking your mind around a riddle, which will finally make sense at the very end of the game.Now this game only took me 5 hours because I used alot of walkthroughts when I got stuck, but if you stayed with this and took your time without looking at walkthroughs, this could easily take 8-12 hours. Which is why I would recommend getting this game on sale, however if you really want a good point and click game, and find that they are generally worth the price over hours played, then definatly pick this game up! Final rating is an 8/10, I just wish the game was longer, which can be said for so many point and click adventure games!Just a notice, this games performance is pretty bad for a point and click game, after messing with the settings i got the game to run smoothly at 60fps, so it's not a major problem, though people with the minimum specs might have trouble. I hope they make a new game in this series based off the newer engine used in the deponia series."
76561198060518343,Recommended,243200,8894269,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Supa-Troopa,"Better than first part (which is good, just not this good). The vistas are still beautiful, and intertwined double story is much more exiting, though there was a sort of a melancholy charm in prequel."
,Recommended,243200,15445411,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Sokami the Celtic Communist ☭,This game is amazing! It doesn't just merely aim to create a nostalgic point and click adventure game. It provides a story with extreme depth and completely captivates the mind to the story. The game also offers many reasonably challengling environmental puzzles to solve so that you can progressively earn more of the story with each puzzle solved - It is very fun and well worth it!This game stands alone and distinct from other point and click adventure games simply for its depth and originality.10/10
76561198002555011,Recommended,243200,14044409,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,MattyVanHalen,"Memoria is a point-and-click adventure game that is the sequel to The Dark Eye: Chains of Satinav, as you play as Geron, the ""birdcatcher"", in his tale as the hero of Andergast.I can't really say much without ruining the very indepth storyline, but this is a very fun puzzle-like adventure game incredibly similar to the playstyle of the Secret of Monkey Island series. It is both artistically beautiful and creative, with a calm and soothing soundtrack, and a fantastic storyline.Kids of the 80's and 90's will surely love this game, as it brings back a sense of nostalgia, yet it managers to cater to younger and older generations as well. This game is well worth the $20, along with its sequel--although I highly recommend you play Chains of Satinav beforehand, as it really sets the foundation of this brilliant story.I rate this an 8.6 out of 10."
,Recommended,243200,19320996,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,octane,Amazing.
76561197983592924,Recommended,243200,29748232,Posted: 6 February,all,JANicA,Great game
,Recommended,243200,23263091,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Valiar Fox,Excellent game.
,Not Recommended,243200,35451973,Posted: 3 October,all,MagnifiCent$ -KYS! vreecase.com,Booring af...
,Recommended,243200,30134739,Posted: 23 February,all,平底锅,我们需要中文We need Chinese中国語は必要Nous avons besoin de chinoisWir brauchen chinesischNecesitamos chinopotrzebujemy chinPrecisamos de chinêsНам нужно китайскийเราต้องการภาษาจีนΧρειαζόμαστε κινέζικα
76561198064428104,Recommended,243200,22628137,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,mOlly,"Memoria is a truly great experience,A unique adventure game with a compelling story Memoria is one of those games that after finally completing gives you the same satisfying feeling as finishing one of your favourite book series. Intelligent storytelling, character depth, emotional moments and a great finish make this title an absolute must play if you're someone looking for something a little different        88/100"
,Recommended,243200,9879342,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,kaikudo,i rather enjoy the story on this one and personally i enjoy it
76561198083485985,Recommended,243200,13053317,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Kawaii-Guinea,It was so fun...
76561198013168585,Not Recommended,243200,20639179,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,[CSU] Tuckletuts,"Not Daedelics finest hour...I grew up playing games like Space Quest, Monkey Island and other Lucasarts click adventures.   I've even played some of Daedelics games more recently, such as Night of the Rabbit, Deponia etc.  This game falls far short of those.Firstly, it lacks the humour that the other games had.  Secondly, I felt the voice acting was pretty poor (especially how he says ""Says"" wrong).  Finally, the 'puzzles' were more frustrating than in any previous game, and for a good chunk of the game didn't make any sense.What is worse however is that the story makes virtually NO sense if you haven't played the previous game(s).  There's constant references to things that I had no idea about.I'd say don't waste your time with this unless you're really into adventure games."
76561198021087002,Not Recommended,243200,21965641,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Jaehwan,"The glitch is freaking horrible. I am darn stuck, but which is, literally I can't walk a single step at the final stage. I desperately tried everything but I just can do nothing to fix it. Guess I should start it from the beginning? No way."
,Recommended,243200,8616814,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,SardWonder,Incredible complex storyline. Very enjoyable.
,Recommended,243200,20350319,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Beratャ№⇨➊,i was suprised by the graphics and the beautiful art work.animations were such good.the puzzles were kinda hard.but with the hotspot indicator the game really was a blast off.best game of daedalic entertainment.9/10 would use hotspot indicator to solve puzzles again.
76561198004861310,Not Recommended,243200,20462632,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,downula,One of the many games I am finding on Steam that do not launch.  No support. this seems to be happening more and more
76561197968936915,Not Recommended,243200,28348657,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,phreazerburn,I bought this as part of the Daedalic Adventure Bundle. Only then did I discover that this and other titles included in the bundle are sequels to other games that were not included. I'm sure others have been tricked into this (and then felt the need to buy the bigger bundle that includes the first games of the series) because there is no indication of the games being sequels in the titles (Memoria should be The Dead Eye 2: Memoria).
76561198202276935,Not Recommended,243200,29734367,Posted: 5 February,all,Dugar,The characters depressed me and bored me to sleep in the worse ways.
76561198355717959,Not Recommended,243200,31452372,Posted: 29 April,all,dannyparker,"Game starts fine but after introduction it shuts down and returns to opening page and asks me to start again. Has happened three times in a row, am I too slow to understand or is this a malfunction?"
76561198031480738,Not Recommended,243200,18946223,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Dragon of Life,"Don't waste your time. An enjoyable, fun, entertaining story and difficulty that's right in the sweet spot of challenging means nothing when a bug makes your game unplayable, and you realize you've just invested hours of time in this game that are, in retrospect, thrown away."
76561198191566035,Not Recommended,243200,23238167,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,nirgavish.com,meh.really enjoyed it until the part that we were lost in the woods and no cheat could help us.aborted and moved on.
76561198169328982,Not Recommended,243200,23630966,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,一别两月❤,下了半天结果一玩就闪退是什么鬼啊
76561198027102439,Not Recommended,243200,20256713,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,akamruz,The graphics were mediocre and the story was extremely dull. Most of the time I found myself watching the game instead of actually playing it. Thank god I paid a really low price for this game!
,Not Recommended,243200,29288900,Posted: 15 January,all,Snapshot,"Poor game. When I closed it, it caused my sysatem to hang on a driver and crash (blue screen). I suggest you do not install it as it clearly has major issues. I myself am uninstalling it."
,Not Recommended,243200,17354522,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Jiro the Machine,I really wanted to like it but it kept crashing on me at the begining of the game after the tutorial /first puzzle of the game. Completely unable to get any farther so I cannot reccomend it.
,Not Recommended,243200,19267214,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,tampie85,"Game is probably nice for the ones who like the genre. I misjudged the genre and it's totally not my cup of tea, so decided to remove it."
76561198085583243,Not Recommended,243200,16649233,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,kaiju_igloo,"I tried to like this game but it suffers from a lack of audio hints,  weird solutions and poor design, in that, you can’t adequately see key objects in the game to tell what is supposed to be done.I don't mind if some of the solutions are a little weird (or a lot in some cases) but at least put some thought into the comments the characters make (even if it's in the form of a pun or something).It would be great if you could build into this game a counter for monitoring progression, that, if it senses the player is stuck, it could have the main character think out loud and say something like …""I wonder if that chain will reach the hole in the door... "" etc.Especially when the puzzles are on the weird side (which a fair share seem to be).Also, have the ability to take a closer look (zoom in) at certain objects and provide visual clues to help with the puzzles.(A simple hint button at the bottom would also serve to significantly increase the fun)It’s pretty enough to look at and the voice acting holds up.The trailer made it look so good, but in a word... frustrating.And unfortunately for me, just not worth the effort.Sadly I fear this is an vastly overrated steam game  :  ("
76561198029403467,Not Recommended,243200,25387763,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Too_Old_For_This,"previous game in the series was not perfect, this game is worse"
,Not Recommended,243200,17745597,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,NMBR1MRTL,"You find yourself exerting more effort breathingthan on most other days during the class onthe Human Brain. The studies of the differentregions, particularly the sections relating to thememory and the Amygdala- the section whichpertains to fear and negative thoughts- findsyour own focus on the subject difficult.You get a text from Summer-Rain, telling youto ditch class for a minute or two so she cangive you a quick kiss. You ask how she knewthe events with Mrs. Novocaine still weigh onyour mind from earlier in the day. Summer-Rainsimply texts back that it's obvious, that she'syour girlfriend, and that she loves you, endingwith an ':P' emoji.You think of how right she was, and how, in aneerie sense, that every single one of the wordsshe said was also the same words that Ms.Novocaine told you, once upon a time. Steamhappens to be open behind the layers of openonline-learning apps and windows, and youreyes catch something that takes you back toa time of Novocaine yet again.MEMORIA.You remember the game being an excellentstory-driven, well-written point-and-clickadventure game which closed out the storybegun inDark Eye:Chains of Satinav.Picking up from a new character, the strongand beautiful PrincessSadja, before returningto the story ofGeronand his erstwhile loveNuri, Memoria picks up lingering threads fromthe previous tale, while weaving and telling asolid, captivating, and ultimately heartbreakingtale that has come to dominate the gamesfrom Daedelic.Although the same 'problems' remain, suchas the lack of replayability and an easy wayto 100% a game, Memoria has enough twists,red herrings and unexpected turns in its storythat one could almost be forgiven for thinkingit was a fantasy television series.The parallels between Geron's willingness todo everything to restore Nuri, when one of theendings involves 'letting go' strikes a chord inyou. You remember how willing you were toregain what you thought was love for Ms.Novocaine, and what you were willing to do,but ultimately, everything was exercised andlet out on the plains of New Vegas.Sadja's story is full of twists and turns, goingto dizzying emotional highs before the finalrevelation that brought you to your lowest, tothe point that Ms. Novocaine even askedwhat had made you so upset. Memoria wasshort, and expensive from its asking price,but the game made you despondent overeach character's possible fate.You find yourself snapped out of your dazewhen someone's hand lays itself on yourshoulder. You turn round, only to be greetedwith two lips planting themselves firmly onyour own. Summer-Rain has arrived, andyou feel your spirits soar ever so slightly.""You looked... lost.""She smiles to you,having sneaked into your class. You giveher a terse smile, as you feel a pang ofregret from feeling a sense of longing forMs. Novocaine, based on your memories.""I was.""You start, whispering so thelecturer won't take notice of either of you.""I was thinking of... old memories.""Summer-Rain puts her hand on yours.""Starboy... it's okay. You believe me,don't you?""You nod, this time sure ofboth yourself and the future with thegirl before you, your Summer-Rain.""I do.""MEMORIA."
76561198009173576,Not Recommended,243200,11209407,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,eddie_drood,"Well...it is very pretty.  And really, reallly annoying.  I found it frustrating, and with so many ""really, he can't smash the herb with a rock?"" type moments, I was ready to quit.  No matter how compelling the story tries to be, tiny nitpicking issues delete the fun entirely.  So, I followed suit, and deleted the game, in revenge for it deleting my fun."
76561198255987895,Not Recommended,243200,27932867,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,DildoSchwaggins,Boring and the puzzles don't make sense
76561198092457762,Not Recommended,243200,13778951,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Meezer Gal,Not my cup of tea. The puzzles were too tricky for me :(
,Not Recommended,243200,17340915,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,davidincostamesa,
76561198090837353,Not Recommended,243200,16360735,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Wolffs,"Good game, but there were different endings therefore no true ending making me not like it."
,Not Recommended,243200,12046104,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,[imgay]tubes,"completely unlikable protagonist, to the point of making me actually drop the game. seriously, what a ♥♥♥♥♥."
,Not Recommended,243200,26500458,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,IVI00101,Not fun.
76561198102047022,Not Recommended,243200,12510412,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,amie.bristow,it sucks
76561198074298261,Recommended,243200,30413450,Posted: 9 March,all,Prohexa,"Fantastic! Very well made! The story reads much like a classic fantasy book and is very enjoyable and immersive, though it got a bit messy in the end. Quite different from the other Daedalic games I've played so far. This is a much more ""serious"" game, which was nice and refreshing for me.The graphics are stunning, the sound and music are top-notch, and almost all voice acting is superb, except for the few sentences read by a child.Ireallyenjoyed the puzzles and challenges in this one! They are all quite unique and certainly not your standard""find the missing key for the fiftyeleventh time""or""press the buttons in the right order because all doors have locks like that.""Basically everything you do makes sense and fits nicely in the story line, the puzzles are challanging yet well balanced, and only once or twice was I really stumped.Wholeheartedly recommended!"
76561198047431796,Recommended,243200,30073694,Posted: 20 February,all,[MA]XMAN,"Memoria is spell binding, the use of color and sound, subtle soundtrack, gameplay is no challenge at all. This was character development at it's best. I highly reccomend this to any art lover and/or any one who wants to fall in love with a great captivating tale. If Daedalic continues to create more Dark Eye series...I will ALWAYS buy it. Great Job!"
76561198030744495,Recommended,243200,10304041,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Dokurobei,"If You like games with good story Memoria is definately worth buying. Go, get it !"
76561198006227763,Recommended,243200,2353736,"Posted: 5 September, 2013",all,I_love_MW,"Неплохое продолжение далеко неидеальной игры. К сожалению, эндшпиль оказался не таким интересным как начальные главы."
,Recommended,243200,7239879,"Posted: 14 September, 2013",all,JohnDenverExperience,"I think achievements are stupid, but this is the only game that made me want to get all of them...and I did. Buy it."
,Recommended,243200,3153823,"Posted: 7 September, 2013",all,Ailantan,"Just buy it, this game have a great written story combined with enjoyable gameplay. I couldn't stop playing it. It just a ruby among stones."
76561197997856047,Recommended,243200,8270462,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Alioth,"Point-and-click adventure to be taken seriously.  Great main character, excellent fantasy setting, quite good puzzles."
76561198065979638,Recommended,243200,8182072,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,verstehen,"Bittersweet and interesting story. Some of the puzzles are bit annoying as they require a bit of knowledge from the first game (and I didn' know a first game existed unil I was 3 hours into this one). Still, the characters are likeable and the story is compelling enough to move past the frustration of the puzzles, even for someone who doesn't really like point-and-click puzzle games."
76561198033677238,Recommended,243200,8236394,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Shadowmants,Excellent story!
,Recommended,243200,7989490,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,PricedDefCon5,Memoria is easily one of the best adventure games on the market.
76561198042757315,Recommended,243200,10238708,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,SamuraiCupcake,"Okay so I beat the game. Took my 10 hours (because I got stuck a few times. I enjoyed it a lot! Time for a short review.What's the best thing about the game? Well it would have to be, obviously, the art. All the areas areas to explore are simply gorgeous to look at, and most of it is interactive (main character will at least comment on things you look at).What's the worst thing about the game? The puzzles are VERY contrived. So many times I got stuck simply because the answer to a puzzle is so difficult to figure out. I had to use a walkthrough after hitting brick walls, but I don't regret it as it allowed me to delve further into the interesting story and awesome visuals.Example of contrived puzzle : to find a gem, one has to pour wine into a mold, do a service for a mage hidden in a library (seriously, you only see his shadow), find out he can solidify things, then have him solidify the wine. I had no clue that I could use the wine for that. There's also a maze (I HATE MAZES) but THANKFULLY you can skip it after enough time has elapsed (after getting lost). And the end is, to not spoil anything, just strange.What's okay? The voice acting is well done, ESPECIALLY the talking staff. Music is... forgettable but it fits, controls work very well and the magic spells gives a nice twist to gameplay, though it is underused in my opinion.Is it worth it? Yeah! Absolutely. If you can forgive yourself for using a walkthrough and just enjoy the story. Seriously, the puzzles are just a headache otherwise. Some parts can be done without one though.However, I recommend playing the first game first, as it is a direct sequel and many things in this game will be unclear otherwise (why is the fairy turned into a raven?). I didn't play the first game, but I regret it.Chains of Satinav, get that one first."
,Recommended,243200,8992089,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,QtheMuse,If you love adventure games I recommend this game highly. The story is excellent and the characters are great. I would advise getting the Chains of Satinav and playing it first to play the game it its proper chronological order.
76561197984737819,Recommended,243200,8992147,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,No_SuRReNDeR,This is everything a sequel should be...longer...deeper...better storytelling ... an it really left me feeling like I was given the best adventure they could make...Bravo Daedalic!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198027534565,Recommended,243200,8927689,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Korfio,"An interesting story. I find the setting could have been better fleshed out in the story (e.g. the gods, the battle and so on) but it was, after all, a rather short game. The riddles were interesting and the characters believable. I must say the voice acting in the english version is excellent, as is the art. I'm a bit dissappointed by the ending but I do welcome a non fairy-tale ending, where the hero is perfect in every way.Overall, a good way to spend some time relaxing and enjoying a beautiful story 8/10."
,Recommended,243200,610378,"Posted: 1 September, 2013",all,eedro,I am a fan of the old Sierra point and click adventure games. I found memoria by accident and was pleasntly supprised. It had a deep story and is family friendly. it has great and consistant artwork as well as a pleasent music track to listen too. Seriously i put on this music to go to bed last night. I kinda wish sierra would have grown enought to create games like this.
76561197989382586,Recommended,243200,17355581,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,ED_THE_WOLF_,"Definitely good in it's own right, so, no need to get the pre-quel.Ed"
76561198073106720,Recommended,243200,17435345,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,crorvig,"Great Story, good humor, interesting gameplay.Probably the best puzzle style RPG I've played.Play Chains of Satinav first to appreciate the story a bit more."
76561198003625792,Recommended,243200,17338510,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Voriig Kye,"Great story, very original.I really liked magic spells as part of the ""items""."
76561198098134966,Recommended,243200,16698140,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Skieth,A really good story telling game .... its worth playing :) ... i liked it
76561197968073802,Recommended,243200,16767927,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,[LR] Laffi,"Another great game from Daedalic Entertainment! The 2nd game about the adventures of Garon and Nuri (and some other new characters) takes us back to Andergast not long after the recent events that happened in the first game. Nuri is now permanently a crow, and Garon wants to change her back.I think the game was very fun, and it held the same quality as the first game. What I found a bit odd and that I liked less was the fact that you played multiple characters, even though it's a good idea to follow different stories. I found the Andargast world and Garon more interesting, than the other characters world, even though in the end it became better and better.The game is a point and click game as before, and it sometimes requires a whole bit of patience to get through the different chapters, but the riddles are easily solvable by just being thoroughly. Good game, but a bit weird compared to the first game."
76561198019975879,Recommended,243200,16823206,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,ShadowKenzie,"This game was amazing. The story was wonderful, the graphics very pretty. Buy it and enjoy it"
76561198140043336,Recommended,243200,16100891,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Sarah,"This is such a great game. Really magical and mysterious, just the way I like it. Sometimes I got stuck, but there are hints you can get in the game, which is really great. Just a little help on the way when you need it.I love the story and the characters. Somehow I kinda got a crush on the staff... Not sure how that happened."
,Recommended,243200,15753541,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,LinkTCOne,This is a great point and click adventure! Cool storyline and gameplay remeniscent of Monkey Island.I'm doing a play-through if you wanted to see an idea of what it's like:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W3bQOenV63c
76561198032293195,Recommended,243200,15457101,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Elfo,"Great game, as his predecessor. Nice ambientation, nice characters"
,Recommended,243200,16738482,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Ierocis,"Very well done adventure game that harkens back to Sierra's golden age. Beautiful art work, compelling story, the puzzles are logical not arbitrary. There was one game breaking bug near the start that had it crash to desktop after the intro that no one ever seemed to bother to patch. To get around it you have to have the texture compession turned on in the Visionaire Configuration Tool. It will make the game run super slow and you may think it has hung but it is just loading really slowly. Once you're past the intro and opening credits save the game and shut it off again. No further issues came up. Highly recommend this point & click adventure game if you at all like the genre. Note: Some voice acting can be painful at times but it is easily over looked when playing this gem. 2 possible endings but they're basically the same (not counting all the ways to die or fail). Yep, about 10 hours game play if you do pretty much everything.Basically it's a fantasy game set in Germany's most popular RPG (Dark Eye aka Aventuria). You play as Geron, a hero who happens to live in a town of bigots who don't really like him or anyone really. You're trying to have your friend changed back from a raven. In the course of doing this you are asked to solve a riddle that revolves around a princess about 400 years in the past(who you also play as in these flashbacks)."
,Recommended,243200,16624580,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Vellapanti,"This game is really awesome with superb animation, artwork and story. Quest is little bit tough to solve and you have to see the walkthrough guides in order to proceed further otherwise the game is worth to try for."
,Recommended,243200,16657451,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Jalabula Jens,Fantastic story. good puzzles that do not overwhelm so as to distract from the story line. Enjoyed this one.
,Recommended,243200,7503400,"Posted: 28 October, 2013",all,hachoo!,"If you're nostalgic for some king's quest, quest for glory, and other classic point and click games adventure games,  pick up chains of satinav and memoria.  It's one of the best new point and click adventure games I've played  in recent memory :)"
,Recommended,243200,16561664,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,sulusulu1,Very captivating story! Puzzles were difficult but not so frustrating that you had to look at a walkthough. I love this game and recommend it to anyone who is nostolgic for the good-old-days when point and click was king.
76561198027502227,Recommended,243200,13167804,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Werewolfsbane,"I recommend this game to people who really need to know what will happen after its predecessor. It's no MUST for everyone else.The art, voice-acting, and music are really beautiful as expected. The puzzles are good but tend to become confusing and complicated towards the end. The story's barely about Geron and Nuri; it feels as if we spend at least 70% of the game following a newly introduced and, unfortunately, rather annoying flashback character on her quest to a war we'll never see.Luckily, the ending bears a clever twist, ties up the storylines and has potential for a second sequel but may leave a bitter-sweet aftertaste, especially for our bird-catcher.Memoria is a very pretty game with a nice story but it's not as great as ""Chains of Satinav""."
76561198052718688,Recommended,243200,13848245,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Darklord_bg,"Very unique, engaging story with some cool ideas. Excellent presentation and atmosphere supported by great soundtrack and voice acting. Puzzles are mostly on the easy side, with one or two more involved ones. The length is about right for the story it needs to tell.I recommend it mostly for the story and atmosphere."
76561198063193728,Recommended,243200,13953083,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Sayanne,"Loved it! An other one of the best puzzle game I've played and don't forget to get the second part (The Dark Eye : Chains of Satinav) it is as good as the first.Good story, fun puzzles, some more chalenging then others. Very fun, I recommand both.Love that you play multiple characters during the game. You really have to think hard, but it's worth every minute of play time. And I will play them again, because the story is so fun. Also I did the second one before the first, I don't recommand doing that ;)** Start with Memoria and finish with The Dark Eye : Chains of Satinav."
,Recommended,243200,13732755,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Doge Lisa,"Better than it's prequel, and Sadja is a much MC better than Geron IMO.It's not a must, but it's recommended to play Chains of Satinav first before this game, just to understand some of Geron and Nuri's backstory.PROS● Stunning graphics. Just like animated digital paintings.● Cool story. Better than it's prequel.● Great background music.● Easy gameplay control.CONS● Some awkward animation.● Some puzzles are just frustating.FINAL SCOREGameplay: 8/10Story: 8/10Graphic: 9.8/10Music: 7.5/10Overall: 8/10Love this game better than it's prequel, Chains of Satinav.Recommended to all who love adventure games."
,Recommended,243200,13839459,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,fijau,"Amazing story!Very clever, with an unsuspected, jaw-dropping ending. It never gets boring during the game, and gets addictive in the end.Easily one of the best stories I ever encountered!You must buy it for the story!Riddles were quite good. Better than some other good adventure games, but easier than in the ""The Dark Eye: Chains of Satinav""."
76561197971630754,Recommended,243200,20971912,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Ironklad,"""As the stone rules over the scarab, so rules the scarab over the stone. Enter if to you the answer is known. If not, then forever your life I'll own.""Search for the answer to this deceptive riddle in this incredibly well written game by Daedalic Entertainment.  Memoria has one of the best narratives in a video game that I have played.  The forshadowing and intrigue and absolutely astounding.  I love it so much, I would reccomend playing this game even to people if they don't normaly like inventory puzzle games, as long as they love a good Narrative.  The only real question is if you play the still good, but less-amazing prequel, Chains of Satinav before you play this one.  It is definitely enjoyable without playing it, but it gives away the ending to Chains.  Either way, this is definitely the strongest game to come out of Daedalic Entertainment, and one of the best video game narrative in general."
,Recommended,243200,20851553,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Man,"Good graphics, good story, solid gameplay mechanics, and challenging riddles."
76561198001071336,Recommended,243200,20738434,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,isthisyournacho,"A very well put together point-and-click.  The voice acting is the first thing that caught me, which is usually crap in these type of games.  I found myself letting the dialog play out (they display text which you could read more quickly) due to the level of acting. I was drawn into the story with it's characters and excellent visual scenes.I recommend for anyone who likes the point and click world."
76561198013248665,Recommended,243200,15027637,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,inlaid.roses,"A very solid point-and-click adventure game in the King's Quest style. I became attacted to the characters, or at least compelled by them, and I found myself mulling over some points of the story days later. One of the characters (Garon) is a bit whiny, and there are a few unfortunate flaws and glitches. It is not perfect, but it was well worth playing."
76561198098088438,Recommended,243200,15327536,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,krakenbooty,Fantastic story and art!
,Recommended,243200,15187820,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Bolasdagrk,"It is a classic RPG and the best of it kind.  Not very violent like 99% of the games out there, the story line is great, gameplay is great, and its a good several hours of action if you try to solve all the puzzles yourself without skipping them or getting hints or walkthroughs.  This game just made me happy everytime I went on to play it."
76561198165096671,Recommended,243200,15188719,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,theeming123,This is a great game if you like games that require some thought.  It's also super addiciting!
,Recommended,243200,16043413,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,asaf860,That ending...I promised myself I won't cry...:'(
76561197998174903,Recommended,243200,14874299,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Fusion,This is even better than the original.
76561198178065770,Recommended,243200,14893964,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Mookily,"I just finished the game and holy♥♥♥♥♥♥(Warning: Here be spoilers.)First off, let's establish that I haven't played the previous game in which Geron and Nuri are the main characters, and to be completely honest, I thought Geron was really boring, so I may never. I didn't dislike him at all, but during his portions in the game I found myself longing for more Sadja. Maybe if I had played the previous game I would feel differently, who knows. Hands down, Sadja and Halef/the staff were my favorite characters throughout. And I loved them together. But the revelation at the end that she wasn't actually a princess but an illiterate street urchin hit me like a brick but made a lot of sense. She was so fricking clever and resourceful, but she couldn't read! It's why she had the staff tell her the incantation, with the excuse that she wouldn't be able to remember it! And Halef bringing her back at the end! Please tell me there's going to be another sequel focusing on Sadja and the staff. Come on, they're magic! Ahh! They're weird, but it works and it's awesome.Something not really story related that stuck out at me was the voice acting. The best were Sadja and Halef/the staff. The staff's voice acting was the best; I honestly wish he got to speak more.One story inconsistency I noticed, however, was that in chapter 5 we didn't get to hear the staff speak because they were continuing Sadja's story via Xerxes' journal and the staff was stuck to a table and unable to accompany her, but earlier, after she was abandoned by Rachwan and lost in the forest, the staff was stuck to a spider web. As was stated in the game, we were seeing Halef's memories and not Sadja's (which was why the story was continued through what Xerxes recorded when the staff was trapped on that table), but how did the staff remember her time lost in the woods? The staff wasn't with her at the time, being stuck in a spider's web. This didn't really bother me overmuch, but it does appear to be a flaw in the storytelling.Anyway, great game! And I hope there's going to be the aforementioned sequel. Please?Edit: I've been replaying the game a bit recently (it's a lot shorter when you know how to solve all the puzzles) and have decided Geron isn't so bad. I didn't really think he was a bad character in the first place, but I do like him a bit more on a replay. Sadja and the staff are still my favorite characters. And some of the voice acting of the minor characters is hilarious. I snorted at some of Rachwan's."
76561197993625655,Recommended,243200,13281590,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,XL,Worth the money spent!
,Recommended,243200,12786972,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Tobisas,"Great story, excellent voice acting, great art, and most of the puzzles are pretty good. Had some technical issues, but nothing major or gamebreaking."
76561197977242785,Recommended,243200,13398497,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,burningbones,"Not Finished, But I've played a bunch of Adventure/puzzle games and not liked them, so Liking this one so far makes me recommend it to others."
76561198038484205,Recommended,243200,14167714,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Lydia,Enjoyed the story telling :)
,Recommended,243200,14205231,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Captain Goodwine,"This was a good point-and-click adventure, but in my opinion, the prequel, 'The Dark Eye: Chains of Satinav' had a much deeper and more satisfying story to follow.  Worth buying and worth the price if you enjoyed the first game, but I'd recommend waiting until it goes on sale."
76561198031272258,Recommended,243200,14854005,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,darkrshadeofblue,"Great point and click style adventure game with a well-driven storyline and characters that are hard to walk away from.  Reminiscent of the favorite King's Quest style adventure games. The graphics were attractive, but not cutting-edge while the voice acting really pulled me into the characters and was very well done."
,Recommended,243200,14855431,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,emilast,"I really enjoyed this game a lot. Very nice (mostly handdrawn) graphics, story and atmosphere made me actually care what happened to the characters. The dual storyline also works quite well and everything comes together at the end, which is quite emotional.The voice acting for the main characters is also rather good, but some supporting characters are not so well performed. Also, some puzzles are a little contrived. But this does not deter much from one of the best adventure games I've played in years."
,Recommended,243200,14858803,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Rhodium,A nice little point and click game. Can definitely recommend
,Recommended,243200,14865791,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Komujeese,"Memoria is even better than its excellent predecessor Chains of Satinav. It's atmospheric, the backgrounds are pretty, has fascinating mystical concepts, interesting characters and the puzzles are sensible yet challenging for the most part. One of the best point and click adventure games of the new millennium, if not the best."
,Recommended,243200,14949287,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,mikromess,"Very interesting game! Amazing mysterious plot, unusual graphics, recommend both parts of this game!"
,Recommended,243200,14970096,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,BrianBoitano,"Buy it (when on sale), and you won't regret it."
,Recommended,243200,14922659,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,BG | Mystic Wren,Excellent adventure game!Has a great and engrossing story beautifully told and rendered.Outside of a few minor technical oddities (which didn't hurt gameplay) and the occasional WTF?! puzzle (the bane of all adventure games) this game is now in my top 5 adventure games of all time.
76561198058613228,Recommended,243200,13647359,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,stumbav,"Perfect adventure, old-school/classic. It will draw You in the game and won't let until finished."
,Recommended,243200,19788527,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Ferk,"The story is intriguing, with some nice twists at the ending that don't disappoint, imho. But you should probably play chains of Satinav before this one.You play 2 different characters in different sections of the game, and there's more magic spells than the previous one.Overall, a nice adventure game, worthy sequel of the previous one.The possibility of being able to use German/English voices and at the same time have English/German subtitles independently is good if you are learning German."
,Recommended,243200,19634218,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,john,If you love games with a great story this game is a must have for your collection !
,Recommended,243200,10934292,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Ongoingwhy,"The story continues after the events of Chains of Satinav. After saving Nuri but leaving her in the body of a raven, Geron hopes to reverse the process. Through the help of Jacomo Nauta, a fairy expert, he learned of Fahi, a man who might be able to change Nuri back. The price for his aid involves solving a riddle that will involve Geron with the fate of a princess from 500 years ago... If you enjoyed Chains of Satinav, you will not want to miss Memoria."
76561198103185048,Recommended,243200,10783323,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,BigD33,"I don't think I could love this game anymore than I do. This has BY FAR been my FAVORITE point and click game I have ever purchased. The story line is beautiful. It's intricate and honest to human nature. The story of the powers behind and the idea of the Djinn of time and his assistant and how well they work together and apart. I loved it. I sat and beat this game over two days of almost non-stop completely addictive gameplay. I haven't loved all the ""Deadelic"" -pretty sure I botched that company name- I've gotten, but this one is the sweet spot. Buy it, Play it, Love it."
76561198054703608,Recommended,243200,19331039,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,kduyb7,"Outstanding visual, riddles, story! I little sad, however, when I reach the end of the game. Anyway, it's worth to play!"
76561198122791643,Recommended,243200,19594530,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,sdpearson11,"A brilliant and creative story, drawn together with a stunning artistic touch and (generally) enthralling voice acting.  I would recommend this to anyone who enjoys adventures in fantasy."
,Recommended,243200,19499723,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Hikari,hmmm idk its good
,Recommended,243200,19584363,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,SnyggKen1,One of the best adventure games I've played in a long time! The story is amazing!
,Recommended,243200,19512420,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,IroynArrow,Great point and click adventure game. It is a direct sequel to Dark Eye Chains of Satinav. Puzzles are logical. Artwork is amazing.
76561198064685906,Recommended,243200,19741875,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Spoopy Mulder,"I've been following Daedlic for a while and they just keep getting better.First you should play Chains of Satinav before this one, PLEASE.I've played a lot of point and clicks and this is one of the few that has given me so many feels that when I see it I almost start crying all over again. Other people have talked about other good things which are true, but what really hit home for me was much it made me feel about a staff, princess, birdcatcher, and fairy."
,Recommended,243200,19765790,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Aeo,"After playing both Deponia and Edna and Harvey, this is something I wouldn't expect from Daedalic.I can't say much about the gameplay 'cause it doesn't stray too far from how other Daedalic games are played. Even the interface is just too similar especially on the save/load screen.The story is good but I think I'd appreciate it much better if I'd played the predecessor game first.Still, I recommend this game. Nevertheless, it's good on it's own."
,Recommended,243200,15098134,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Phoenix,This game has an individual atmosphere. I like it very much. Story is captivating from the beginning and playing it I want to know what will happen next. I spend some time with this game and I had a lot of fun. It is one of my favourite adventure games I ever played.I recommend this game to everyone who wants to play a good point & click game.
,Recommended,243200,14861692,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,To The Mars,"8/10 Really Good!A great and heart-warming story with marvellous character designs and a superb ending!If you are into Point & Click games, then u shouldn´t miss this one ;)"
76561198017740509,Recommended,243200,23361099,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,klavi,"Great riddles, great story, great atmosphere. The synchronization is a bit sloppy but I can live with it."
,Recommended,243200,23575163,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,LonM,"TDE Memoria is a great point-and-click game from daedalic.It has a great story, with a nice way of telling it [a story within a story]. Something nice about this game is that it works pretty well as a standalone (i.e. you don't need to have played the original). Plus, unlike some other daedalic games, I didn't spot any glaringly obvious spelling/translation errors.The game mechanics are good too, with a mix of puzzles and magic spells that can interact with the environment, with the odd find-and-collect the items thrown in for good measure.The art in this game is very nice, from the painted backgrounds to the character models.gDefinitely a Great game."
,Recommended,243200,23562624,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,BunnyPunny,"This was a fantastic, story-rich, beautiful game. I highly recommend it. It has tricky puzzles that can be solved with interacting with all objects and carefully listening to what is said by the characters. It's really fun to get lost into this game. After every chapter, make sure to SAve the game as a copy on the main menu so you can go back to a certain section instead of replaying the whole game again to finish up some achievements.There are tons of PROS when you get into it, but I have only 1 CON to this:The only problem I had was that the game glitched from being so high-detailed. Do not make it ""windowed"". Keep it full-screen, but change how high the graphics are. The game should run more smoothly, if you had troubles before like I did."
76561198280913221,Recommended,243200,23778984,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Jade ^_^,"Easily one of my favorite games. Long game play, challenging, story rich, good graphics, and very fun. I enjoied this game so much that I wish I could donate more money to the makers. Seriously! It's a REALLY good game!! 7 out of 5 stars!"
76561198065201061,Recommended,243200,23835783,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,john.silver.007,Amazing story! Classic high quality adventure! Only a couple of times I was stuck and had to use walkthrough. Voice actors are very good. Graphics suit the story well. Everything is so balanced. If you like tales about magic you wont regret it.
,Recommended,243200,25211067,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Kareem,"i LOVED this game , which is something i rarely say about any game ... i loved the ending and it almost brought tears to my eyes .. i didn't play the previous game ""The Dark Eye: Chains of Satinav"" but after playing thisgame, i'm putting it on my wish list for a near future purchase for sure"
,Recommended,243200,25121527,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Ugobananas (Jana),"Another really lovely adventure game from Daedalic. This is the sequel to Chains of Satinav and I recommend playing that one first - it will give you background on Geron and Nuri's story (and it's a really good story).The music, voice acting, and art are all wonderfully done and the only thing I noticed were a few typos here and there but nothing too bad, and certainly nothing that affected gameplay.Some of the puzzles were frustrating to figure out but a good walkthrough can get you past those if you don't like guesswork. Generally, though, the puzzles were good - challenging but not annoying.Overall, I would absolutely recommend this game if you enjoy point & click adventures. Sadja & the staff's story is one of my favorites now :)"
76561197980650229,Recommended,243200,26346421,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Pendragon,"A great point and click adventure game. An unusual and intriguing story which propels you along to the end. The puzzles are logical but satisfyingly balanced to give a sense of achievement without causing too much frustration, If I was to be picky I would say it suffers slightly from the usual daedalic whimsy but maybe that also gives it its charm."
76561198019745707,Recommended,243200,12918650,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Legitimate Official,"I was blown away by how rich the story and characters were. I cried during the ending cutscene. The female lead was incredible and badass and I loved her voice actress. I fully recommend the game, and among point-and-click adventures, it's one of the meatier and more rewarding storylines I've run across.If story and characters are mainly what you care about,play it with a guide open in another window, if you're into having those around. It's a bit tricky to know what to do sometimes, but then that's the genre. The artwork is all digital painting and sometimes it's a little stiff, but does as good a job at telling a story as any videogame ever did."
,Recommended,243200,24587542,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,allrightbrain,"I wish I'd seen the reviews before starting this game and realized it was a sequel. Even so, the only thing I can say I regret about this game is that I went in without knowing the backstory. Even without that knowledge, this game stands up on its own and is a strong and compelling story in its own right. The longer I played, the more I wanted to keep going, to find out the mystery at the end. I can definitely say this is one I will be revisiting after I've played the first game."
76561198081680162,Not Recommended,243200,30802532,Posted: 28 March,all,mark,The puzles are ok and the story is told beutifuly. But the story is complicated without reason. And at some points the most obvious choices are left out.
,Recommended,243200,24326666,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,CTW13,"If you like solving puzzles and mysteries, and you enjoy games for their story, this is a must buy!!!Fantastic story (I didnt play the first one, but I will now!). A story of a headstrong girl named Sadja, which is moved along by a seperate story of a boy named Geron. By the end of the game, I felt really attached to Sadja and the other characters, and was quite moved by the ending (I wont spoil whether it is happy or sad).I really enjoyed the voice acting, especially of the talking staff. I mean, its literally just a staff, no face, and becasue of the his voice actor, he is easily one of my fave characters.Had to use a walkthrough at times, but I didnt mind because I really just loved listening to the story too.If you are the kind of person who always skips dialogue and stories, this game is not for you, because you won't get the full experience if you skip the story!UPDATE/EDIT: Just finished playing the first one, The Dark Eye: Chains Of Satinav, and while that one was good, this one is a ton better. I like the story better, and its a bit better, technically (better faster animation)"
76561198145139395,Recommended,243200,25551470,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,yoship,"Writing this review after finishing the game. The game is generally quite good, but has a couple of weaknesses. These are personal opinions, of course.Art:    8/10. Quite nice and atmospheric.Puzzles:    8.5/10. In general, I found the puzzles quite engrossing, even if sometimes contrived. Good puzzles are a strength of this game.Voice acting:    7.5/10 Nice voice acting, but some male characters sound similar sometimes, and this can be a bit confusingPerformance:    6/10. A game this simple shouldn't be stuttering or maxing out my graphics card memory. Encountered the same annoyance with Daedelic's Deponia game too.Story:    7/10. Unfortunately, the story is both a strength and a weakness of this game. The script/ dialogues aren't always crystal clear. The plot promises a lot initially, but felt somewhat convoluted towards the end. The explanations offered didn't quite leave me convinced.Overall:    8/10. Good puzzles and art. A plot that promises much, but falls a little short in delivering."
76561198084248646,Recommended,243200,25571485,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,laughing_charlotte,"This is a Dark Eye puzzle game that I can with confidence recommend to other people! I tried this game because I like Blackguards and its settings. Clearly this game doesn't dissapoint even without playing the first installment beforehand (The Dark Eye: Chain of Satinav). And now after playing the first game, I can say that it doesn't matter if play that first (or not at all) because the stories are hardly connected.THE GOODNow what I like about this game. It has an amazing drawing, decent voice acting, smooth gameplay, interesting puzzle and immersive sound effect and BGM. The story is overall better with more interesting concept. Most of the characters (even the side ones) now have meaningful existence in the story and have reasons in what they do. The animation and cutscene has also dramatically improved from The Dark Eye: Chain of Satinav. It has also useful hints and summary of event and characters, which also are presented meaningfully and beautifully.THE BADThe game still suffers from minor translation problem. But most troubling one is the characters development. I feel the relationship between Sadja and the staff progresses too abruptly within the middle chapter,when Sadja tries to rescue the staff from the researchers.THE VERDICTPick this game. Forget the first one."
,Recommended,243200,25408288,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,AdmiralPPR,"Just played it through and just have to say, that it's one one of the best adventures I've played so far (and I started with Maniac mansion ;)).Really nice art design and story. Lovely characters and speakers."
76561198019942047,Recommended,243200,26615658,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,spelli,"First of all i havent played it that long and i havent finished the game yet, but that doesnt mean i cannot give my opinion on this.This story is done really well, it doesnt throw too much at you right away and you uncover more and more the further you progress within the puzzles of this game. It gives me a sense of adventure wich dont generally feel in a type of game like this, yet the best thing of this entire game is the characters. The way they talk to eachother the way they act and do things and how they respond to what you do is both funny and serious. Hearing the sarcastic voice of the main character telling you ""no thats not going to help."" when you press 20 times on the wrong thing is epic. I really love how they did this and i will be playing this to completion.If annyone is interested to see me play this to form an opinion of the gameplay through my experiences feel free to look me up on youtube: spelliusthemadhatter.I hope this will give you a good understanding of the game and maybe you will be playing it too."
76561198082863039,Recommended,243200,28497119,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,FLiPP-O,schönes kleines dsa Abenteuer
76561198041649379,Recommended,243200,28317762,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Sigmund,"A Wonderful story, mysterious and intriguing. Very high quality voice acting (in my case, the english version), great music and beautiful graphics.Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,243200,28156368,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Nismu,"good memorable characters, interesting story , puzzle probably were bit easy as i managed do them without too many problems."
76561198035691240,Recommended,243200,28194457,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,przytocki,"Great GameI havent enjoyed a point and click so much since The Monkey Island games were remastered.What a great story line so well thought out and gripping, kept me playing all day."
,Recommended,243200,28207404,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Werde Spinner,"Like its predecessor (The Dark Eye: Chains of Satinav), Memoria has good puzzles and stunningly beautiful graphics. I'd say both are improved from the previous game, with the animations being less clunky and with the addition of new spells that provide more options with the puzzles. Geron hasn't become any more likeable, though, and I can't say the new protagonist is any more sympathetic. Once again, the world-building was nice but a little sparse for someone not familiar with Das Schwarze Auge and its settings.At least I didn't have to play it through all the way twice to get all of the achievements. 6.5/10"
,Recommended,243200,28671085,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,ViolaPanda19,"This game has a great story and good riddles, although I still feel like this is a sequel. One thing for sure: it needs one! I adored the character and despit the fact I am not a fantasy fan, I really enjoyed it, way more than expected. Daedalic never lets me down!"
,Recommended,243200,8219955,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,McMuttons,"I picked this up on a lark at the Steam Christmas sale. I ended up with a well thought-out and engaging graphical adventure that I had a hard time dropping until I was done. The puzzles were good, with very few ""how the hell was I supposed to figure that out"" moments, something that has plagued many other games in the genre. I played through the whole game during the course of a day, though to be fair, that day ended around 3AM. With solid characters, beautiful artwork and a satifsfying ending, I heartily recommend this. Well worth the price."
76561198029400598,Recommended,243200,26841047,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mr. Reo,"It wasn't a game, it was a story.  Once I picked it up, I had a hard time putting it down until I finished playing the game.  Daedalic has done a wonderful job of sowing a world together and weaving into it an excellent story."
,Recommended,243200,26997348,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,FrozenTrout,"This game is amazing. The story is great, and the puzzles are just perfect - they're logical, and not too abstract or obtuse they're frustrating, but not so easy they're boring. The only negative thing I can say is that you really should play the prevvious game, Chain of Satinav (which I didn't much care for), first. Without that background, you won't know and have no reason to care about a certain character."
76561198065527047,Recommended,243200,26911510,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,CryoftheChronic,Beautiful artwork.  Beautiful story.  Just beautiful...
,Recommended,243200,23097931,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,sightless.seepra,"At first the story was not so interesting, but it really got me hooked towards the end.And the end is also good, I liked it very much.The riddles had the right difficulty, sometimes obvious, but more often I really needed some time to figure out what to do.I recommend it."
76561198282079966,Recommended,243200,22856319,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,clint7v,"Wonderful! No illogical puzzles, the story is great, the graphics are awesome, and the voice acting is spot on. Took my wife and I about 16 hours to play through the game, and we both enjoyed every bit of it!"
76561197966877770,Recommended,243200,30766033,Posted: 26 March,all,Bohannen,A fun point-and-click game. Strangely good voice acting and art styling.
,Recommended,243200,22799197,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Łotrzyk,100% recommend this game as a point and click adventure games veteran. Art style is extremely good. The music does it's job. Modern point and click adventure at it's best.
,Recommended,243200,22324835,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Shyhalu,"The artwork, story, music, etc are decent.  It's a good sequel to the Chains Of Satinav.My only major complaint was the tower puzzle at the end, it was pretty annoying to deal with.Other than that it is a solid adventure game, with a minor amount of obtuse puzzles.Only minor complain was the reused/changed voice actors.  I don't mind them reusing voice actors for different characters, but they didn't do much to alter their voices such that they were not recognizable."
76561198041381333,Recommended,243200,22567662,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Sarha,"I really liked the game, the story is amazing and you can play the game without having played the other one, wich is what happend to me.This game is easily one of my favourites, the graphics are beautiful and the conversations can be read without problems, i'm not a native english speaker and i didn't have any problems ^^.10/10"
,Recommended,243200,22231702,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,anarka,"Having played most of Daedalic's point-and-click adventure catalogue, I can say that this one is easily my favourite, and quite possibly their best. A direct sequel to The Dark Eye: Chains of Satinav, a previous adventure game by the same developers set in a high fantasy world of faeries and magic, Memoria outshines its predecessor in every possible way. Perhaps the best addition are the new characters told as part of an ancient mystery and riddle the contemporary characters are trying to solve: the adventures of Sadja and her magical staff.The puzzles are excellent, the voice acting great. The world-building is phenomenal and imaginative, the ending is emotionally resonant on multiple fronts. For fans of the adventure genre, this is up there with the best I've played (a list which includes The Longest Journey series, The Dream Machine, Superbrothers, and the Blackwell series). But without spoiling anything, I'd say the major strength writing and the storyline, with some great twists on the Satinav mythology and the central mystery surrounding a cryptic riddle. You'll have to play to find out more.I highly recommend playing the first game, Chains of Satinav, first. It's a good point-and-click game with the same quality of writing, and will help set the groundwork for this great story.I can only hope they plan on making a third game in this series."
76561198061922295,Recommended,243200,22232012,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,babyy_slim2,"I didn't played The dark eye: chains of satinav,unfortunately,but I just loved this game!!The story hooked me upI was driven the entire game by the desire to know what had happened to Sadja..I love her and her magic staff!Also I just love the history of the mask and Satinav and the garden,they're just too great!!My only complains  are the last 2 puzzles that're way too hard lolThe story is really smart and can be difficult to someone to catch at first,but then just google the history of memoria and read the theories. =)If you like adventure games and a good,magical history,then this game is for you!The game art is gorgeous!Excellent voice acting!!"
,Recommended,243200,28194549,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,BardOmkar,Am I getting sentimental with my age or is this game really so stirring?
76561198020960163,Recommended,243200,28451844,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Maden,Wise and easy story line.I had a lot of fun till end of the game.
76561198271538324,Recommended,243200,28321365,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Moooongo,fantastic story!!! I really like it.
76561198042080121,Recommended,243200,28382944,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,The Media LIES!!,"Loved the game.  The story was awsome and well written.  I must say I guest the ending or rather some of the key points of it right off the get go but even still it was, if it were a boork, a real page turner.Some of the puzzles didn't make sence i must say but I did like that most of them challaged you to think out side the box.  Like ""i'm stuck in side crypt with some alchohal and a rag.  Ok I got this.""  Wow, and some how I was able to figure out how to get out.  That was a real mind bender.Some of the puzzles were a little blaw.  Like ""I can't just pick up the sheild I got to use the staff to prire it off the warrior.""  That was a bit rediculous.But all in all I got to give this one 4 1/2 out of 5.  :)I'm looking forward to getting the other games that came before this one.Great work Daedalic."
,Recommended,243200,28411875,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,calebtreiber,"The Story was immersive and thick all the way to the end, so much so that I'm sorry it had to end.  Backgrounds for the game were detailed and very well executed.   The music draws the player into the story, and above all I hope there will be a futher sequel.  A must play for players looking for a well balanced adventure thrill."
76561198028721881,Recommended,243200,28332601,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Terroien,"Emotionally touching, athmospheric and mesmerizing tale with good voice acting, great music and beautiful art. Highly recommended at reduced price - simply recomended otherwise."
,Recommended,243200,28342065,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,JKDarkseid,"A great sequel to Chains of Satinav. Despite an iffy start, the story really picks up and goes in interesting directions. Changing the focus from themes of destiny and fate to historical recount and legends was an inspired idea. It makes great use of the fantasy lore at hand, gives a satisfying ending to Geron and Nuri's story, and has some pretty clever puzzles. It also runs a bit smoother and has better characteer animations.Just be warned there's a glitch wwhere the game will crash after the first cutscene before the proper introduction to chapter one, but it's not a game breaker. If it happens to you, just quickly get through the prologue again and press the escapee key to skip the cutscene to the chapter one transition cutscene, and it will run fine from there. Minor annoyance that never pops up again."
,Recommended,243200,28273617,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,kejjos,"I love point and clicks. Bought because of reviews. Had to buy and play Chains of Satinav first because it's a predecessor.This game had awesome storytelling. It made me feel and cheer for the characters. Chains of Satinav was not as good at this point, but it was still a nice story and gameplay."
76561197970685997,Recommended,243200,29016421,Posted: 4 January,all,rufous jayes,"The best point and click adventure I've played so far.Positive:+  very good story+ each chapter plays a bit differently+ the black eye is one of the best fantasy universe out there+ sufficient play timeNegative:- geron and nuri, i simply don't like them ;)"
76561198053946958,Recommended,243200,29030935,Posted: 5 January,all,miroslavabelperchinova,Great story and puzzles
,Recommended,243200,29007269,Posted: 4 January,all,Gunga Ding,"Nice story & interesting characters, i love the theme and I think it's a pretty good point & click adv, though it's obvious it's one of the first daedalic titles"
,Recommended,243200,28884093,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,NannyLemonade,The Dark Eye series is a really captivating storyline.  I absolutely loved this edition (Memoria) and Sadja is very well written character.Beautiful graphicsGreat soundtrackWonderful voice workLong Length
76561198045584861,Recommended,243200,28841221,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,basur_imparatoru,"Very gripping story, interesting puzzles that are not too difficult nor too easy. Excellent voice acting. I just finished it, and I already miss it."
76561198314066753,Recommended,243200,29153317,Posted: 9 January,all,hedfuc,it's super long and the magics each character gets to use at times seem like a cool gimmick
76561197999189525,Recommended,243200,20617206,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,ViviOlivi,Excellent game. Enjoyed the storyline and the graphics. Well done.
76561198078465465,Recommended,243200,32799868,Posted: 25 June,all,Firiona,"Loved it so much, I am going to play it again!"
,Recommended,243200,29927581,Posted: 14 February,all,kyrenora,"A point-and-click fantasy adventure that keeps you on your toes and has an amazing story to it - actually an incredible story within an even bigger story. The puzzles are intruiguing, thought-provoking, and clever. I liked the first one a lot, and loved this one even more. I'm definitely hooked on this series now."
,Recommended,243200,29618125,Posted: 31 January,all,nikagra,"This game is a great continuation of Geron's story started in Chains of Satinav. Puzzles are pleasant and the story is very intriguing. I recommend this game to all fans of point&click genre, but only after the first game is finished"
,Recommended,243200,29402403,Posted: 21 January,all,Aria Theo,"Characters, plot, art, music, puzzles - you name it, Memoria does it, and does it well. A truly outstanding modern point-and-click adventure. Fortunately, you won't be missing much in terms of story if you forgo the previous game, The Dark Eye: Chains of Satinav, which is a somewhat lesser experience."
76561198274101919,Recommended,243200,29421020,Posted: 22 January,all,Maeglan,"This game has a really beautiful art work and the story is oveall interesting. It's fun that you follow through the game two characters so the game develops in different paths. Although the voice acting are very poor in this game. Almost annoying to my taste. Some achievements are humoristics and they are missible, giving the game a fun challenge."
,Recommended,243200,21066504,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,birdoxer,"Fantastic point-and-click, with a great story and a really good ending. Heartwarming characters and challenging puzzles make this a must-have for any fan of the genre."
76561198035414032,Recommended,243200,29723702,Posted: 5 February,all,SMB,"(Spoilers below!)ProsPowerful & interesting storyVoice acting (especially the staff)Character development (except Nuri)ArtConsWeak Climax (as always.)Weak Endings (as always.)BugLaggingNuriBryda's sudden death - the way she gives up her life is sorta... unnatural.Overall, I recommend it. The story of Sadja and her staff is really powerful. This game might be the best one that Dedalic Entertainment have ever made."
76561198074108020,Recommended,243200,30215160,Posted: 27 February,all,pokpo43,"A classic point-and-click adventure game that is entertaining with a captivating story.  I have developed a soft spot for this game developer after playing a few of their other games but this game is very enjoyable and fun to play in a casual pace and setting.  The characters are funny and likable and the dialogues are pretty enjoyable.  It is a bit confusing to follow the storyline in the beginning just because the story hops around between two main protagonists from different time periods but you will soon catch up.  The puzzles and missions are relatively straightforward, but one might fine a few not too intuitive, such as casting vision spell in the correct order so that you can give a ""push"" to have someone do something, which might be frustrating at times, but all in all, very fun.  I also like the fact that this game is not abhorrently long - in fact, it is on the shorter side when it comes to game-length, even though I was a bit sad to see the game ending.I would recommend this game, but probably not at its full price.  Would highly recommend that you grab this jewel when it goes on sale :)"
76561198051245201,Recommended,243200,30252716,Posted: 28 February,all,Squish,"Kept me intrested enough but ""Chains of Satinav"" was a much better game with lots of good characters,dialogues and a better plot in general.I play these games for the story part only and prefer when puzzles are obvious.And this game has some of the worst puzzles i've seen especially the one where you have to walk around 3 towers activating and deactivating crystals,moving them up and down and all that while haveing absolutely no clue what im doing.Voice acting is still terrible (at least the english version).Especially the children,they are beyond bad.Hoping for another sequel where they can finally make better graphics and hire some prefessional voice actors."
,Recommended,243200,31141575,Posted: 14 April,all,General Kysieran,"A very satisfying game/story!The atmosphere feels very much like a cross between Simon the sorceror and Loom.I actually found this game is actually better than the first game and the voice acting is much much better. Sadja actually feels like the main character rather than geron.  In the first game the story is a straight forward romance plot but it does gives you alot of backstory to the world and Satinav himself.One oddity is why did fahi and the staff wait until geron solved the riddle, their riddle didn't actually have a time limit but turning nuri back did as she lost more and more memories than if they had just turned her back at the beginning :S Geron would have been very angry with them once he makes that realization"
76561197990107032,Recommended,243200,31150004,Posted: 14 April,all,Lisa Mockingbird,I loved this story - it broke my heart and made me happy too.  The puzzles were challenging enough but not too.
76561198262631188,Recommended,243200,30369420,Posted: 7 March,all,Yaichi,"9/10I bought the game through [Daedalic Adventure Bundle] but the game itself got my attention first.To be honest the game is quite glitchy and freezes often on my computer even though my computer is a better than the minimum system requirements.However the gorgeous and detailed hand-drawn graphic combined with fascinating story and insanely hard puzzles has made me overlook all the annoying glitch and continue playing to the very end.In overall, to me it's a very good game and I'm happy that I decided to buy it. The story between the Sadja and the Staff is really touching and will remain in my heart forever.I hope you Daedalic will make sequel game about Sadja (and the Staff), because if you do, I WILL DEFINITELY AND IMMEDIATELY BUY IT!"
,Recommended,243200,31755808,Posted: 14 May,all,pandootz,"I am a fan of Adventure Point & Clicks. With Daedalic, I first played Chains of Satinav and I found it really beautiful, this is what I believe ""Atmospheric"" should mean. Of course, I liked Memoria too, it being the follow-up, although I do believe Chains of Satinav was somehow better.... I can't put my finger on why, something about the story perhaps. Still, it was lovely playing Memoria.PS I do like them very much, as opposed to Deponia which I gave up on early in the game."
,Recommended,243200,35481493,Posted: 4 October,all,Hip Marion Moseby,"The puzzles were pretty clever, the story was intriguing and the art style is gorgeous, try it out if you're a fan of point and click games."
,Recommended,243200,35493780,Posted: 5 October,all,Zanshi,"This game is great and fun, good storyline and the puzzles are fantastic.Would strongly recommand this game."
