user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197991090980,Recommended,243470,32575029,Posted: 19 June,all,clampton,"9/10 - Tremendously entertaining game with elements of Grand Theft Auto but a more compelling story and a unique hacking mechanism that makes it far more interesting to play than GTA. The plot is linear, but there's enough to do between campaign missions that the Chicago setting feels like a genuine open world and though the graphics may not be state of the art, the city looks great even without volumetric lighting effects. The Person-of-Interest-style infoboxes that pop up as you walk past NPCs and the telephone conversations/messages that you can hack into make the city feel alive, at least until they start becoming repetitive and random. Some of the mini-games, especially ones involving car chases, aren't to my taste. (I hate third-person driving sequences; it doesn't feel like a natural way to drive.) The psychedlic game ""trips"" are cute 3D arcade games, but won't be to everyone's taste.Yes, Ubisoft has borrowed the basic formula of the recent Far Cry games, but there's enough variation on it to make the gameplay seem fresh. The sequel, Watch Dogs 2, has a less linear narrative, but I actually preferred the fixed narrative in this one. The characters are interesting, the voice acting and motion capture in the cut scenes are top notch, and the story never gets boring, which is more than I can say for Far Cry 4. There's only one genuine story decision that the player gets to make and it comes at the very end, but it's the most important decision in the story and determines whether you've had a moral epiphany at some point during the earlier scenes.The collectibles are well done and, with one exception, aren't completely meaningless. The serial-killer collectibles, for instance, lead to a small but genuine reckoning. The only truly meaningless collectibles are the visits to Chicago Hot Spots. (Visit often enough and you can become...the mayor of the spot! Uh, yeah.) But they also provide snarky commentary on Chicago history that's interesting in its own right. Yes, I visited all 150 and got pretty much nothing for the effort except fun.The game allows you to keep playing after the story is over, so you can choose to finish the collectibles and side missions at your own pace, as long as you have your saved game intact. (I'm not sure if it's on your disk or in the Ubisoft cloud.) I'll probably never play the game again from the beginning because I know the story, but I'll continue visiting the world to see if it has any surprises left."
,Recommended,243470,13610573,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,RAYMOND,"Since this game is such a mixed bag, i'm going to summarise everything in bullet points.Storyline/characters:+If you want a long, engaging main storyline, this is pretty solid+Brilliant cast of supporting characters and antagonists+The Maurice burner phone side quest (seriously, do these)+Gang hideouts and certain criminal convoy missions (the ones where you can kill)-A rock's emotions > Aiden's emotions-Too many repetive fixer and crime profiler side quests (there are 40 fixer side quests -.-)-Theres an atrocious difficulty spike during the very final mission of the game, especially if your trying to keep karma-The serial killer side quest has a great buildup, but an anti-climatic ending-Theres almost no story benefit to finding the brief cases, weapon shipments, QR codes etc. They all end in a short phone call then thats it, no cutscene or anything really rewarding-Such sequel baitGameplay:+Excellent shooting and cover mechanics, seriously cannot flaw this part+Enemy AI is BRILLIANT, they shoot where they THINK you are rather then laser beaming you+Hacking is good for the most part, steam pipes, bridge raising, blackouts and detonating grenades is satisfying+Stealth is good, and mixing this with hacking cameras for recon can be quite satisfying+Unlock the burst-fire revolver. DO IT. NAOW.-Although the key mechanics of hacking are great, it really really needs expanding upon with more options and variation-Sweet jesus the driving is painful, car damage works very weirdly, and for some reason when you use slow motion if you held down a key, say to turn left, then when you deactivate it seems to overcompensate and keep turning left even if your fingers not on the key, its really weird. Also you can't shoot out of cars, which i wouldn't mind if we had more oppertunities to hack other drivers.-The single most annoying thing by far, that had me nearly smashing my PC, is the inability to look directly up. Heli's float DIRECTLY ABOVE YOU, you can only disable them by looking DIRECTLY UP WHEN STOOD COMPLETELY STILL WITH THE PROFILER OUT. This becomes especially painful when it starts casually layering sniper bullets into you with pinpoint accuracy and you can't do a thing.-Using your phone by moving the mouse is a pain-Open seas are 2spooky4policeGraphics:-Do i really need to mention this part? No they're not anywhere near as good as E3, and it can be pretty unstable when everythings on high or very high. I never had a crash and solid frame rate by keeping things on medium-high setting with motion blur off, but compared to shadow of mordor the PC port ain't great.Conclusion:Despite all the controversy, its definately worth a try if you can get it on sale. Make no mistake, its not the game we were promised, and it underperforms massively, but its still a good buy. It feels a bit like ubisoft has tried out a new formula, and whilst it needs refining, they're definately onto something good (no doubt a sequel is in order).7/10 its good, but it feels incomplete"
,Not Recommended,243470,12683214,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Gian Lorenzo Bernini,"If I could describe it as one thing, it would be the combination of Grand Theft Auto and Assassin's Creed.That sounds awesome, right? So why isn't the game?I typically enjoy open world games, but I'm a ridiculously huge Assassin's Creed fan. That being said, Watch Dogs bored me to tears. I've put hundreds of hours into 100%ing the Assassin's Creed games, but I just didn't feel the same drive to do so with Watch Dogs. The main issue I have with the game is that nothing feels interesting enough to spend time doing. I mean absolutely nothing. I didn't give a damn about the storyline, and none of the minigames or subquests ever rewarded me with anything that I felt like had any value. I was excited for a leveling system because I always felt like the AC series should have one, but even that doesn't give you anything of real substance to change up gameplay.With the Assassin's Creed games I constantly felt like I was affecting the world around me. In ACII, for example, I felt a huge change in the cities as I progressed by clearing towers, making money and investing it, and gaining new equipment and wardrobes. Things like the constant rebuilding and enriching of my family villa, unlocking new costumes for Ezio, new character upgrades, and new items to use was what created the uncontrollable desire to keep playing. It was a Civilization-like addiction of ""it's 12AM and I have work tomorrow? Damn... Well, I can do just one more bank deposit"".The main problem with Watch Dogs is just that none of that stuff exists. Everything feels completely arbitrary, like there was a producer hovering around the designers' desks repeatedly telling them to make sure that they had vigilante missions like Grand Theft Auto, or to make sure they had vantage points like Assassin's Creed. There's just no point to any of it. None of it affects the world or your character in any way that feels meaningful. And none of it felt cohesive at all. As a result the entire game feels like something patched together by a team of people that know nothing about game design. Like they put a bunch of popular titles on a wall and cherry picked certain features from them to throw into Watch Dogs.It's not a bad game, it's just a bland one. It's something that could have been saved and pulled along by a strong story with good characters, which is how I feel about BioShock Infinite (a game that, in my opinion, has poor gameplay design but becomes greater than the sum of its parts due to a great story, excellent characters, and amazing voice acting). Watch Dogs even has a great, pulled-from-the-newspapers theme regarding technological surveillance and privacy. But it completely fails to capitalize on any of it, making zero meaningful points about it. The characters are paper flat, boring, and in the case of Aiden Pearce, flat-out unlikeable to the point that they're actually dislikeable. How you fail that miserably in writing a protagonist is mystifying to me.Add in the fact that it runs poorly on PC and you've really not got any reason to consider this. I will say that the game looks absolutely beautiful with the E3 2012 mod, but that's about all it's got going for it. The rest just feels like busywork.Right now, basically all it is is a game that has the potential to turn out a great sequel. Aside from that, I'd steer clear of it."
,Not Recommended,243470,10255090,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,($tuff) Jeebus,"I've been gaming for almost 20 years and I've never seen a game so over-hyped, over-sold, and under-delivered.  This game has less content than GTA, which is saying something.  The technical issues (constant stuttering, strobe light skies, etc.) make this a chore to play.  The multiplayer is broken as hell.  The 1v1 hacking makes no sense.  You just wait for the person to start hacking you and you kill them, since they aren't allowed to kill you.  The 8 person mode is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ because one second, a person is on your team, and as soon as the file changes hands, they're on another team.  It makes no sense.  The shooting element is as vanilla as can be and the weapons are completely uninspired.You suckered me one last time, Ubisoft.  This was your last chance and you blew it.  Punish Ubisoft by treating them as what they are: money grubbing liars.  They're as bad as EA, but at least Origin works these days. UPlay is as bad as Games for Windows Live.  Have fun with my 60 bucks, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s."
76561197963426636,Recommended,243470,28473049,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Zephyr,"After the dust has finally settled, and the whole burning hate died down, I finally decided to get that game on the cheap, exactly like I did for AC Unity.I didn't expect much, I hoped for a cheap open world fun which could keep me entertained for a bit. What I discovered was more than I expected, and it was an overall satisfactory exprience.The scenario is interesting, they did a lot of work on the different characters, and honestly, there aren't any that you will really end up hating, except maybe the main antagonist at the end because it falls in the pit trap of constantly taunting you at literally every turn(Seriously game designers, don't do this. It turns even the best villain into a whiny kid. You don't want that). I regret a few flat sessions like the whole Pawnee episode which seems like they tried to cram too many thing in a small uninteresting zone with very little to do and which is a pain to navigate, with also very little to hack to help you, I may add. You can see they took from a lot of different sources as inspiration. Batman, and the whole vigilante angle, are a strong inspiration. You even get your own batcave at some point, your character acts emotionless because he uses psychology to gain the upper hand. A lot of people complained Aiden is emontionless, they are wrong. He acts this way, and if you fail to notice it, I don't know what to tell you. I also noticed some references to Person of Interest of all things.The ambiance is finely crafted. You have that feeling as you intrude in people's private lives that you are doing something dirty at times. Some things you discover are creepy, too intimate, crude, violent, or disgusting at times. It makes you think about privacy and its value. And I think it's a good thing.I honestly think they could have spreaded some aspects of the story more. Things are really interesting at the start and after the whole Pawnee episode. Events tend to cascade toward the end, it would have beneficied to be delayed. It also makes the game feel too short story wise.In terms of gameplay, the game delivers a lot less sadly. Hacking, which is the center of the game, is maybe too simplistic. It boils down to either node puzzles(jumping from camera to camera), or flow puzzles. There is no such thing as investigation, code cracking and the like, and when there is something approaching, it's heavily scripted into the story. It's often difficult to bring ennemies near the traps put at your disposal. You're not a hacker, you're not an assassin, you're a bit of both, and both aspects don't compliment each other well. Weapon changing is a pain. Gadget changing less so, but still a bit annoying. It's obvious it was made for console with 4 weapons types max, and 4 gadgets types. Mouse navigation of the various menus is wonky. Driving is really unresponsive, and Ubisoft shows again their lack of mastery of that domain in their open world games. They will need to step up their game if they want to compete with the likes of Saint Row.(Not GTA, because Rockstar didn't put up a decent driving system since San Andreas, nor a decent game for that matter.)Gunfights are utterly lethal, and you get killed in a matter of seconds if fired upon. It makes the game unecessarly difficult, and seeing a lot of missions ask to knock down ennnemies with guns while detected in open ground, it's not a good thing. Even on easy, you WILL get murdered by ennemies if they shoot on you. Seeing some sections force you into gunfights, you can see how this is a problem.I also regret they forced you to be online and ""invadable"" at all time or relinquish the right to use some skills, and that the online stuff is counted toward the 100%, meaning you need to get PVP victories to get there. That's a terrible choice, and it's obvious this was done not in the interest of the game, but as a ""secret' security measure against pirating. It's especially annoying when you put a lot of time trying to reach a CtOS tower, or a hackable box starting a mission, and suddenly, you can't start it because you've been invaded, meaning you need to drop what you were doing to fight off the invader. I had it happen too when I was looking at one of the collectible home scenes, which made me drop it and miss actual content to protect myself. Online activities are fun-ish, but it's definitively not something you would do for more than 30 minutes. Races are probably the most interesting one, races where everyone can hack traffic lights, blockers, steam pipes and bridges and which offers various paths to reach the checkpoints is pretty thrilling. But the problem is, the concept isn't new. Racing games already did something similar, I think one Need for Speed(Most Wanted I think), had a similar system of triggerable events on the track to slow down/crash opponents, and one other game released around the same time did the exact same thing. So it's fun, but it's not fresh nor new.Overall, it's a pleasant experience, if you accept the controls not being that good, and the cars having some insane momentum that even braking won't manage to completly counter, and the lethality of the gunplay. Just... Get it for 12 euros max. While I'm recommending the game, it's only on the condition of that price. I pity everyone who got it for more, or worse, who paid it full price or pre-ordered it.Remember kids: Never pre-order games and never buy games at launch, that's just asking for trouble.~~(8:>"
,Not Recommended,243470,10251717,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Mr.Hugh,"wow. Did I fall victim to the overly hyped game. Being a huge fan of UBI's other games, AC, Ghost Recon, Splinter Cell, etc... I was very excited about this new IP. They claimed ""next gen""; sadly it's just a reskinned AC, with some Splinter Cell stealth mechanics. They fell so horribly short in delivering in their claims. The driving is horrible. Makes GTA: IV's driving look realistic. They leave out so much detail. Shooting water doesn't have any effects. Lighting/shadow effects are off (stand in front of your car at night and see your shadow - there is none), poorly optimized. Hacking gets extremely redundant. This doesn't compare to GTA series but it's a step in the right direction. The story is good but I highly recommend to wait for it to go on sale. This is worth $25 or less to play. Not a AAA title at all..."
,Not Recommended,243470,10255288,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Spooky Lenny,Stop using UPlay Ubisoft.
,Not Recommended,243470,10252485,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Slade,"I don't have many hours logged in, but that would because Ubisoft doesn't believe in optimizing their PC games. I more than meet the requirements for this game, and it just keeps on stuttering until I can't take it anymore. I'll get 60+ frame drops at any given time. It is just really bad at the moment. The game might be fun, but I can't even find out for myself due to Ubi not caring about their own product.EVGA Superclocked 780ti 3GBi5 4670k16GB Ram"
,Not Recommended,243470,10250975,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Grim Bunny,"~FIRST IMPRESSIONS~Don't believe the hype! This game is a another letdown for 2014 gaming. Looks nothing like what was showed at E3. Already bored with it. Also, the driving....omg how horrible the car physics are. At least it's better than AC:3  = /~TAKEAWAYS~-Over-Hyped-Very Gimmicky~EDIT~Playing on max settings with no issues from Uplay. No freezing, no issues....just boring and over the top ""gimmicky""~Second Update~Beat the game (since I paid for it and all) and let me say...best $$$ ever spent!?!?!?! >_>While the story does get better this game made me laugh in dissapointment 88% of the time.3/10 Avoid this one."
76561198007094025,Not Recommended,243470,10249810,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Sergeant_Sourpuss,"8 Crashes in one hour.Really disappointed with Ubisoft on this one. I was excited to hear when they were pushing back the release date because it would mean a more polished game at launch right?Ubisoft made this game for Nvidia rigs only. If you have ANY AMD components, you'll likely suffer the same fate as me, crashes gallore (this isn't AMD's fault - more on this later). I have a Nvidia GTX 770 but an AMD FX 8350 processor. I thought I would be fine with a Nvidia card.I thought wrong. After doing some googling it turns out that Ubisoft gave AMD the back of its hand and worked exclusively with Nvidia in the creation of this game. Essentially, Nivida was allowed to place as much input as it wanted into the development of Watchdogs, but AMD wasn't allowed to even say hello. The result?Terrible performance (and crashes) with AMD rigs until AMD scrambles to put up a driver patch just because Ubisoft played favorites. Don't count on Ubisoft riding in to fix the problem for AMD users- Nvidia paid them off to make sure nothing like that's gonna happen. Don't get me wrong, this isn't a bash on Nvidia, I've been a long time fan of their cards, but Ubisoft needs to work openly with both manufacturers and not play favorites or the whole pc gaming community will end up suffering as a result.Jason Evanelho from Forbes wrote a great article on this madness entitled ""Why Watch Dogs is Bad News for AMD Users-- and Potentially the Entire PC Gaming Ecosystem"" - well worth the read"
,Not Recommended,243470,10248413,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Lyca,Watch_Loading_Screens.10/10 Game of the Year Edition Stuttering Technology!
76561198118080759,Not Recommended,243470,14859263,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Codeine_Inferno,"Initially I was excited for this game, however, I soon realized wasting 60$ at launch that Ubisoft had no intention of giving PC gamers the port they deserved. They failed to deliver at launch with my game not even being able to run despite an adequate rig, until a haphazardly released patch weeks later.Hardware optimization is almost non-existent in this game, as it will run horribly even on some of the most powerful systems. Worse yet, user-created patches such as TheWorseMod to allow rendering closer ressembling earlier E3 get overwritten with every official game update, even breaking the install.One of the few good about this game is the stealth gameplay (Splinter Cell Blacklist + hacking). The rest of the game might as well not exist, car chases are painful, disalllowing use of weapons and relying on ""bumper car"" like physics lacking damage models and unimmersive hack-spamming in order to end a chase. Driving feels like a tacked-on feature. Cars feel like they have no real momentum and react unsatisfyingly to physics unlike what we've come to expect this gen in 3rd person sandbox games like GTA or even Saints Row.Watch Dogs on PC is a sad reminder of the lack of consideration of certain developers towards the PC community. After wonderful acclaim of Far Cry 3 on PC, much more was expected of Ubisoft"
,Not Recommended,243470,10250542,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Bad Company,"After seeing gameplay trailers, I decided to give this game a shot and do I ever regret it:-Serious graphics stuttering even on low settings unless you don't move at all.-Majority of the time, the sound track is off by 3-5 seconds to what is going on in the game.-Driving mechanics is worse than GTA IV's.-Game UI is designed for console gaming, not PC gaming.-Hacking the traffic lights is useless as an evading tool as the cops ignore the pile up.Hold off on buying this until, if ever, patches are released to fix this game."
,Not Recommended,243470,10251757,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,fyrn,"uDontplay.Edit: obviously, the game itself is fine and since launch problems have likely subsided, uCanplay now."
,Not Recommended,243470,10256227,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Flandre Scarlet,NO! MORE! FCKN! PRE-ORDERS!
,Not Recommended,243470,12615184,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Xeno Yaxley,"It's like waking up on Christmas morning after being promised a puppy, only to find a skeleton in a box."
,Not Recommended,243470,10249186,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Snake Plissken,"This video pretty much summarizes my review.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3osM9_qThHgDon't believe the hype. This is just another Assassin's Creed debacle where Ubisoft Montreal failed to optimize their game.  IF you can miraculously load into the game without becoming frustrated, the game play is interesting. However, very over hyped, I spent the last two hours attempting to play through the game with intermittent freezing and skipping making the game unplayable. I have a GTX 760 Overclocked 4GB and I cannot run this game. I meet all of the specifications and the game still runs like crap. Don't waste your money.  ------ For obvious reasons, the fan boys will disagree, however many people are experiencing these same issues including stuttering and freezing during driving, general game play, crashes, or not being able to start the game. I wanted to like this game, I was anticipating this game for two years., and now I want my money back.Average FPS - 25 standing stillNote - All drivers are up to date, and as stated, game play is ""interesting"", however because I cannot play it, it is not a review of a game play, it is a warning to those seeking to purchase. Also, those claiming my ""Rig is♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; based on that graphics card clearly don't know anything about computers. A 350$ Superclocked Gigabyte Geforce GTX 760 should have no issue running this game, it runs all recent games at 60-120 FPS including metro last light et al.****TEMPORARY FIX**** For constant stuttering while driving, put your game in borderless windowed mode."
76561198004930818,Not Recommended,243470,23444393,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Lord Wolf,"the story is lazy and the entire game feels half finished, the side quests are the same five missions over and over and most importantly it just isnt fun, i wanted to like this game i really did but at the end of the day it just isnt worth it, save your money go buy something else"
,Not Recommended,243470,10248368,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Doogle,"Watch Dogs just might be the biggest overhyped game within the last 10 years.If I were to summarise Watch Dogs in one word it would be boring. There’s just nothing to keep you playing after the first 5 hours. The games missions get repetitive fairly quickly, the driving mechanics are just awful the only saving grace is the hacking but even then the gimmick wears off fairly quickly. The port is also noticeably terrible with random FPS drops even on a high end PC gaming rig, and as for those ""Next Gen Graphics"" well the game looks nothing like those cool E3 demos.Overall Watch Dogs is a game I cannot recommend there are plenty of better open world games out there for you to play.Edit: Note Watch Dogs isn't necessarily a bad game it just does not match up to the massive hype."
76561198070021346,Not Recommended,243470,10249042,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,James,"Crash, Crash, Crash. Absoulute waste, If I could refund this I would. But I can't. So I'm stuck with this unfinished pile of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Edit: Not Unfinished, just poorly optimized, its a real shame. Unplayable. Everytime I start to enjoy the game it crashes again. Until they update it and optimize it I'm not playing. EDIT: 2 - Fellow AMD brothers, If you have the catlyst control center or whatever, use the 14.4 update for the drivers, I haven't had a single crash since I updated :D. But it still lags like ♥♥♥♥ and I'm awaiting my apology email, or update From scamisoft saying they are going to optimize their seing as game they dealyed it twice. I still don't recommend. WAIT I FIXED IT! AMD HAVE RELEASED A BETA FOR THE NEW 14.6 DRIVER WHICH ARE SPECIALLY MADE TO OPTIMIZE THIS GAME! AMD BROTHERS TYPE Guru3d INTO GOOGLE!"
,Not Recommended,243470,10261675,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,BackFlip59,Mario Kart 8 is better.
76561198014986569,Not Recommended,243470,10258481,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,HellzHero™,"Alright...where to start.1) UPLAY DOESNT FREAKING WORK, worst system ever. Have to literally play in offline mode the entire time since Uplay is literally the spawn child of a mistake obviously. Seriously though EA = origin, Ubisoft = Uplay...whats next? YOU arent gods your small (and getting less popular I may add) and should simply make it easier to APPEASE the fans, not make them hate you.2) Driving is actually quite nice, reminds me of Need for speed most wanted except for cops being faster, stronger, can dodge alot, and oh yeah cant be shaken off that easily which I love since I like a challenge.3) Combat is simple: Take pistol with 300+ bullets, cover, aim at head, insta kill, repeat. Not hard at all. To be honest I have yet to even use hacking in combat really.4) Useless craftables5) The hacking...the cream of the cake tuns out to be the crap of the cake. The hacking is so small and worthless....heres an example. FALLOUT 3 and FALLOUT NEW VEGAS have more hacking no no no wait wait im sorry thats insulting. BIOSHOCK 1 AND 2 HAVE MORE HACKING then this game. This game is simply click and done.6) AI is a joke, literally running up and down a walkway trying to get me on the roof but realizing it cant and forgot what cover was. I literally stood there and just shot 1 in the head, another comes by and pop, rinse and repeat and done. NEXT.7) Crashes, self explanatory8) Graphics are nice to be honest, dont know why people are ♥♥♥♥♥ing about it.9) Look I know I only have an I5 however I can play on ultimate with almost no issues HOWEVER the pop in is ridiculous, if your speeding in your car (being chased by cops) you go so fast that the game drops in a huge way to buffer all that detail in.10) explosions are meh11) The garage is useless since you can purchase a skill that basically means steal any parked car and get away with it.12) Towers are an assassins creed clone.13) The idiotic puzzels, they arent even puzzels its more like pick a camera and hope its the right one. Weapons so far I find are useless since im sniping snipers with my pistol and I literally just started the game.14) Melee is almost useless since 6-10 bullets and your dead. Stealth is also pretty worthless since you MUST rely on guns OR hacking which by the way wont accomplish JACK since the AI is to stupid to even realize its own mechanics of go over here to i can blow your♥♥♥♥♥up.15) Raving rabbit dolls, game is annoying and stupid and the sheer fact I had to hear the WAHAHAHAHAHAHA in my ear totally took away the immersion of the badass hacker persona.16) Story is weak as hell at the start. You see a cutscene, then a really blurred up part of you driving then bam your thrown into the game and are like WTF, later you find out what happened but I found it confusing as hell since I knew none of the characters he was going after, how any of them were introduced and what part they have in this (so far). Now im guessing they ripped this out to add as DLC in the season pass. Nice job EA your infectious.17) I clap my hands to the pirates, they saved themselves money.18) Your to dam serious. (Spoiler). Literally in one mission your just chilling and someone prank calls your neice or w/e. How would you respond? Ignore them...maybe, call the police....only if it was serious, hack the signal, find them and literally snap there neck but not before doing a high speed chase and causing $100,000 in property damage to show you mean business...DING DING DING, so far thats as far as I have gotten and the entire story so far is to find out who hired the prank caller.......Like wtf, didnt know this was Saints row, thought it would actually be sort of realistic in a way.19) Minigames...literally all over the place and all they serve as far as I can see is to have a high score...20) The lack of stuff to do. So I have already done all the towers, and I didnt do the breaches since I found them stupidly boring as hell. Oh ok so whats left for me to do? Meaningless stunts to get good reputation......woohoo spiderman.....oh and TONS AND TONS OF ONLINE MINIGAMES.21) Cash is dam near worthless after a bit of time. Reason is you can just buy all the best weapons right away and ammo is so plentiful you will never run out, and im serious about that, you can fight an army and still have reserves.22) Annoying, I actually find the hacking puzzles not challenging but annoying. They are either so easy and step by step procedure that the devs must think im brain dead or so stupidly hard and makes no sense difficult."
76561198109912562,Recommended,243470,20163232,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Hex,"Ok, listen up ♥♥♥♥♥♥s. WatchDogs, a game overhyped and over hated, deserves a lot more credit than it is given. Hacking is amazing, as is combat and freerunning. ""It's not realistic, the driving is bad"", yes... The driving is certainly not the best but REALISTIC, you want a video game about a city run by an OS which is apparently increadibly hackable to be realistic. Video games are not realistic, get over it. Just because a game is overhyped and gets reviews like ""It's not as good as it's supposed to be, 3/10, don't play"" dosn't mean it's not a good game.7.5-8.5/10"
,Not Recommended,243470,10249951,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Twatt,"This game is an abysmal PC port. My PC is fairly high end and I can't run this game at medium settings without dropping framerate. Also, the draw distance is unbelievably bad and causes you to crash into cars constantly.The hacking is a gimmick that gets old incredibly quickly and although this game is incredibly detailed, most of it has no bearing on gameplay and is pointless.The driving is terrible and incredibly frustrating.Overall this game is unbelievably frustrating and does not live up to the hype in any way. It might be better on consoles because I feel it was optimised for them."
,Not Recommended,243470,13651322,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,ThisURLNotFound,"This game had so much potential. All of it ruined by ""press X to hack"". One button to do it all is not fun, is not hard and is not compelling gameplay. The entire game comes down to pressing a button at the right time. It becomes boring within the first 30 min and the story is completely forgetable.This game also needs Ubisoft's UPlay DRM running. At all times. With constant connection to internet. If UPlay goes down, can't play game. If your internet goes down, can't play the game. If you don't want UPlay, can't play this game.  I will never buy another Ubisoft game after this disappointing abortion of a game.It had so much potential........."
,Not Recommended,243470,12703350,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Dick P. Wizard,"Not designed for PCs, as Mr. Lead Foot Pearce clearly demonstrates in every car he drives. Sure, you get used to it over time, but it's a mistake that should have been caught in the port. Even at the highest resolution settings, the textures are still poorly done and the faces look like they're made out of rubber. The story was predictable and boring at times, the protagonist was frustratingly stupid and bland, and the AI was easily fooled (duck into a boat with the police nearby and they'll never find you). The game had its moments, certainly, but it was hardly worth the $60."
,Not Recommended,243470,17409361,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,BridgetFisher,"In the post apocalyptic future you play as a vigilante cop on the streets of the tropical island paradise of Chicago sworn to protect the last 2 children on earth.  Hmmmm.... That isnt what the description on the store page says but it is what the game is.  Chicago is an Island, there are only 2 children, one dies and the player goes on a killing spree of thousands to hunt down the killer while fighting crime like Batman along the way.  In reality Watchdogs is Dog Poo circling the drain being flushed down the toilet fitting for the look of the Ubisoft Corporate logo.Tips for playing Watchdogs:Rule 1:  Get the Armored TruckRule 2:  Get the Armored TruckRule 3:  Get the Armored TruckMost missions you can just drive into the enemy base with the armored truck and run everyone over.  Even the last mission you can just drive up to some spots and hack terminals while being shot at by all the cops of chicago and stay bulletproof.  In any mission where you need to take out someone in a convoy of cars, just ram them with the armored truck.Missions where you cant drive just hide in cover and shoot everything or throw proximity IED's around, its really that easy.  There is NO reason to stealth unless the player wants to, either way works.   The only useful gun in the game is the one enforcers carry, soon as Enforcers appear in game the big armored guys, GRAB THEIR BOOM STICK!Chased by the cops or anyone is easy to escape, just jump in a boat.  There are NO police water units just the heli which flies away to refuel or the player can use a skill to disable it.These skills listed in order of importance, if need more exp just do the crimes that popup.Combat tree:  All gun upgrades and rapid reload tree which includes bulletproof vest.Driving Tree:  Offensive DriverHacking Tree:  Bridges then Disable HelicopterCrafting Tree:  Proximity IEDRating:  6/10  Value:  $19.99 (Value based on combined total of Deluxe edition +Season Pass)The review is above the rest is ranting disguised as reviewing or just whatever...  This game is a great example to gain perspective into the entire gaming industry currently.In the last 2 years of game development Watch Dogs is the Second Highest costing game made more than 70 million was spent making it.  This is a HUGE problem and as outlined by developers who were and are at Montreal shows how Game Companies mismanage their funds.  Watchdogs bought a license to an engine to use for the open world, out of that 70 million not one penny was spent hiring ANYONE who knew how to use that engine.This game had all top reviews from every gaming site, curators, even youtube reviewers.  Even top Youtube reviewers leave out everything wrong with it, ignoring all the bugs present when they made the review which is mind boggling.  Ignoring a games faults doesnt make an honest review, even top game review sites like IGN gave it an 8.4.  There is NOTHING in any of these reviews stating all the problems of the game showing how corporations like Ubisoft who sponsor these sites or send swag get off easy buying off their reviews.  Most games do this and most reviewers fall prey to this behavior.    The only people to trust for reviews in gaming are other gamers, review sites arent for us anymore.  A one sentence steam review is worth more than a 3 page article on IGN, yep said it... haters gonna hate.Even the audio is terrible.  Its gotta be some of the worst audio in gaming, that running sound which is like a 2 step canned midi repeat at FULL volume.  They sound like their from a free soundboard site.  The horns and vehicle tires screeching sound like a bag full of cats being swung around.  Biggest sin is making the audio all over the place in volume levels, some sounds are too LOUD some cinematics are so soft you cant hear anything and mission dialog can be loud or soft, its just a random grab bag.  Best way to play the game is on mute with music in the background or movies, anything but torturing yourself with this games audio.  Many companies are cutting corners on audio and tuning the sound levels correctly, maybe because the marketing team doesnt care about hearing it because screenshots have no audio.Time to talk visual looks... It looks like crap... It looks so radically different from the previews and video trailers that its surprising noone sued Ubisoft like with Aliens Colonial Marines for false advertising committing fraud.  Many companies are guilty of this bait and switch tactic used today, or showing trailers custom tailored to show off some flashing thing that gets peoples attention because people like flashing things.  To show what a joke the graphics are the reflections are a stunning example of this, you can be 3 floors up and look at a window and see a reflection of a street as if its on ground level, it does not reflect the surrounding environment.  Want to see a good game with driving how about Sleeping dogs which has reflections from light sources and everything while watch dogs feels like a no frills brown bag.  Many companies are buying engines or using engines they make in house that cant run, its that simple, they either dont hire the talent who know how to use the engine, or make their own and get in way over their head.Whats more important than looking at the game?  Being able to see it!  There is so much info on the screen from the map for some reason almost in the middle of the screen, to the hacking prompts, objective markers, and timers that players can barely see whats in front of them.  Since this isnt a flat world the camera must be tilted to see the ground to see the route to follow but doing so results often in text or popups blocking the very road in front of you.  The HUD aspect ratio seems designed for a 4:3 screen in 2014!  Many companies suffer from this making the HUD for one screen ratio instead of tucking it neatly in the corners to look like a pro.  Instead using some fixed display size for it, relegating the edges of the screen useless and blocking the middle of the screen.  Worse example is RE Revelations 2 which literally looks like a child randomly put the HUD elements on screen like an old Myspace page.More important than seeing a game is being able to PLAY the game.  All these companies of devs who clearly arent gamers but pretend to be make these games and very few bother thinking of how to PLAY the game.   This is another handicapped simulator where for whatever reason your player cant even jump, every obstacle has a prompt to climb it as if thats realistic.  Many objects cant be climbed like boxes or trash cans.  Meaning all the enemies had to do in this game to stop the worlds best hacker was put 4 trash cans around him and call it a day.The handholding by devs is taken to the extreme in watchdogs.  From the devs making you fail the mission if you dont play it their way, to making you walk at a snails pace during dialogs, or checkpoints that make you sit through sometimes 3 minutes of dialog before ANYTHING happens.  These of course are unskippable because in the industry today the game devs tell us whats important.  Its as if the crazy homeless man who mutters conspiracies had a way to force people to sit and listen to them, and that is storytelling in modern gaming today.  (Story in Watchdogs sucks anyway.)LOOK HOW BIG THIS WORLD IS!  Every dev is doing this, yet its useless its all backdrop like in a cartoon where the background repeats as the cartoon character drives down the street.  The world feels dead, cant go in anything, cant really interact with anything.ITS A FREE ROAM OPEN WORLD!  Except you cant even choose your character...CHECK OUT OUR NEW IP!!!  Many companies are making games simply to create franchises to improve their stock valuation.  This world isnt unique, its literally just this world or like other companies a copy pasted idea./end of line..."
,Recommended,243470,23376620,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Saint,"Very bad release when it came out, poorly optimised, full of bugs and most definitely over hyped.But after some updates and actually getting to appreciate the game I can safely say it is decent, it certainly isnt perfect and isn't a GTA killer of any sort, but its fun to play sometimes and isn't all that bad.Worth picking up on sale but not worth full price, the DLC isn't worth it unless you enjoyed the main campaign alot."
,Not Recommended,243470,12331474,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Sarm1X,"Not worth a full price.Gimic game, car physics so bad, and really ubi didnt deliver what they promised in the first E3.Just a overhyped game, we are all victims to this overhyped game."
,Not Recommended,243470,10256957,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,не уходи,"Fantastic skillsAmazing graphicInteresting gameplayLots of fanOne of the best games everFirst game from the new seriesThousands of different side questsHold on a second, gonna make a cup of tea then continueEasy way to save games anytimeYou will see next generation gameEasy way to win(press ""x"" or ""q"" to win)And unbelievable physics of carsRockstar sucks with their GTA2014- year of a great marketing."
76561197978569799,Not Recommended,243470,10250083,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,De Monkey,"Game crashes every 5 minutes, not worth buying until any issues are fixed otherwise you're buying a broken game"
76561198085216359,Not Recommended,243470,23454903,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,In-4-mation,"Oh Watchdogs, what could have been.At least you taught me to stop pre-ordering games.Thank you for that.10/10 Power of advertizing"
,Not Recommended,243470,10248154,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Waufbanes,"Ubi$oft really dropped the ball on this one.  I guess the delay didn't help at all.The game launched with many bugs and complaints.  One of the biggest ones is the need to install uPlay and launch it through steam everytime before you play as a sort of middleman who really hates you.The game crashes constantly, if you can even get in the game that is.2/10I'll update my review if Ubisoft can get their heads out their own asses and removes the uPlay crap.  I already know they're going to fix the problems, but this is as it stands.  It still probably won't go past 5/10 if they keep uPlay."
,Not Recommended,243470,12450942,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Mini,"♥♥♥♥ you Ubisoft.I paid $70 for this game, and I get a mission where I can't progress.It's the Uplay mision. Can't even start up the ♥♥♥♥ing game.Never pre-ordering from Ubisoft again."
,Not Recommended,243470,10253038,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,[Mi.Sa]Zackrules,"I have no idea if this game is good or not, because ubisoft are so busy trying to make their own 'fantastic' gaming platform, Uplay, that I can't launch this game. £40 for this. Great"
,Not Recommended,243470,10250007,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Tzaarikko,This game is boring. There is just nothing to do in it.The weapon systems suck. The driving is ok. Random FPS lags sometimes even with high end PC and I have one.--- MAIN THING THE HACKING SUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCKS---You get bored to this game with in 1 to 2 hours. Dont get this game the graphics arent so good after all.♥♥♥♥ this game and ♥♥♥♥ UBISOFT!
76561198023102587,Not Recommended,243470,12677532,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Jasper The Bee,"Incredibly over-hyped, and pretty disappointing.Lots of bugs, very repetetive."
,Not Recommended,243470,10252844,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Jide Aurelius,"DO NOT BUY AT THIS TIME. Has serious optimization issues, game is unplayable for me. I never write reviews but this one really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off. I meet or exceed all the recommended but the game is a mess. Tons of people with top end cards are getting the same issue, driving creates massive stuttering."
,Not Recommended,243470,23448710,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,DaekTwentri,"You play as a hacker that uses his phone to hack the city. Game's pretty lacking from plot, characters, gameplay to it's world.The gunplay is functional and fun if you really like the usual third person action combat with cover.PVP is fun ala Dark Souls where you invade peoples world and play hide and seek (or more like Hide and Hack).The hacking sounds cool when you first try it until you realised all you're doing is simply pressing a button to activate a trigger.Plot and characters are boring and throughout you'd probably wonder if your dog/cat can write a more fun and interesting plot.It's world is lazy, from the predestrians being nothing more but mere dolls that react unrealistically (even gta 3's peds give better reactions), to the world's detail being half-arsed. An open world game that lacks the small details can bring players out of the experience real fast.If you really want this game, get it during a sale. Even so, please remember that you have to deal with UPLAY."
76561198076763400,Not Recommended,243470,10249664,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,MR.L.HL_91,What a♥♥♥♥♥♥game!Graphic is worse than traileroptimization like♥♥♥♥♥♥780 sli can't run on 60fps all the time)there even is a graphic crack when you playing after 20mins and getting worse finally you can't play it
,Not Recommended,243470,10248232,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,FLUFFER,"Definately one of the best games that comes out this entire decade. 10/10, but there's one thing that I'd like to point out. The title is indeed, very, very, misleading. You can't watch dogs at all. So if you're an animal lover, this isn't the game for you. Tons of violence, and no animals.I've played for about 8 hours now, roaming the streets, and there's still no dogs to be found. All I've seen are people. Ubisoft, I demand a refund so I can buy a game that's actually based on watching dogs.Edit: Someone make a mod so we can actually watch dogs."
,Not Recommended,243470,10282357,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Negative_N,This should suffice as an explination.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=idA9BEA4Hxs
,Not Recommended,243470,10252963,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,PigInATuxedo,"I go above the system requirements. A laggy mess. If I walk into a wall, the game crashes. I normally get about 25 seconds of gameplay before it crashes. I even tried my brother's 24 gigs of ram 16 core PC. Still crap. Waste of money. Don't tell me to upgrade my PC!! I thurougly read the system requirements, I go above them. Also I spent my 70$ on a game. I am not spending another 1000$ for a PC. I know what I have."
,Not Recommended,243470,12675340,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Sir Chicky,"Honestly this game is completly average. Nothing to bring to the table, it's like eating completly bland cereal without any milk. And also that on every 3rd spoonful you choke a bit (Stuttering issues goddamn)."
,Recommended,243470,32837579,Posted: 26 June,all,Goingamecrazy,"First off, I have only a very small idea of why this game is hated so much.Secondly, I ♥♥♥♥ing love this game.PROS:Interesting and Immersive StoryFeels almost like modern day assassin's creedReally nice looking graphics, sure they aren't E3 graphics, but you can easily just download a mod for that.Realistic stealth mechanicsRealistic NPC behaviorAwesome Multiplayer INCLUDING the ability to invade someone's singleplayer (If they have it enabled of course)Doesn't get old for a while.Amazing looking outfits for Aiden.CONS:Graphics got downgraded, but I don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥because I have a mod called ""The Worse mod""Driving handling/physics are unrealistic at times, but I can deal with that.Hacking seems to be a bit unrealistic, but it's still fun to screw around withA few missed oppertunities, (Cops N robbers gamemode, Assassinations, ect.)Small glitches that make the game a bit funky at times.Lack of first person on foot"
,Recommended,243470,10255068,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,†ČĦŘǾЙǾ†,NSA Simulator 2014
,Not Recommended,243470,10250084,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,SuperNath97,"So far from what i see, watch dogs keeps crashing, ive played only 10 minutes and then it started crashing my whole computer, im having all kinds of trouble an many users cannot play the game. i was really hoping this whould be an awsome experience, but its only fustration and anger that keeps me searching for a fix, maybe because i have an amd graphics card but seriously this is worse than gta v online launch. It looks intresting but because i cant play, i give it 5/10. not worth the money and time right now."
,Recommended,243470,26437047,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,heybabyxxx,"I had a blast with this game. It got a bad rep because it was overhyped way before launch. Besides graphics and other technical stuff (I don't really mind them much, I'm about gameplay and fun), I think people who saw the trailers had no idea that the game would be so arcadey and unrealistic _ it bugged me a little at first, but I got over it after a while.This is a mixture of GTA (better than GTA IV) and Deus Ex. I always play stealthily and only use weapons if things go wrong or if the game makes me, so I got myself in the first firefight after more than 30 hours of play! For most of the time, I wiped out enemies using the phone, exploiting their weaknesses or causing environmental kills, without being spotted. What I loved the most was breaking into gang territory and giving them hell without firing a shot.  What I loved less were the driving missions, the game is not really good in the race department. The map is great, as some of the music (there's too much bad punk rock though).There's a lot of content and this game gives you a bang for your buck. After almost 90 hours of play, I've completed 69% of the Aiden Pearce campaign (his story isn't great) and 65% of T-Bone's Bad Blood DLC, without spending much time with multiplayer (except when I was invaded). The amount and diversity of activities are great, even if some of the minigames are way out there (Cash Run made me remember of the Super Mario games and I'm not even going to comment on the Digital Trips _ some of them are really cool, though).TL;DR: Give this game a chance, if you like the gameplay of GTA or stealth games; but think twice if you enjoy driving/racing. It's worth the time and money, even with the annoying UPlay."
76561198035280518,Recommended,243470,10251039,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Nazarekt,"Hacked a guy and found this""Frequent online purchase: hentai"""
,Not Recommended,243470,10250024,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,shef,"I can't get past the first loading screen without either watchdogs itself crashing or my computer. ♥♥♥♥ you Ubisoft. ( Fixed it by reinstalling my graphics card drive, once I got into the game It's nice but I'm not sure it's really worth all the hype.)"
76561198130280445,Recommended,243470,30073176,Posted: 20 February,all,fanny,"This was one of my first 15 games that I bought when I started on steam and which I just barely got a chance to play it recently; but I don't regret it. I must say that the game did not catch me at first but while I was learning the story I started to like it and get  more interested. Now I can say that ithis is one of my favorite games; excellent history, excellent game mode, excellent map. This is definitively a complete game."
,Recommended,243470,32761461,Posted: 25 June,all,gir,Got alot of hate but it was actually very fun
,Recommended,243470,14185913,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,YeetBomb,"Watch_Dogs isn't a bad game. It certainly doesn't live up to it's hype, that's for sure. Besides that, Watch_Dogs is a fun and interactive open world game. The people you see on the streets have names and occupations, which is incredible. The city this game takes place in (Chicago) feels very diverse from suburban areas, to ghettos, to the near futuristic skyscrapers.PROS:Large map, with most of the land being urban areasVERY fun hacking mechanic, allowing you to create explosions everywhere and creating traffic jams.Amazing stealth gameplay (however there's a limit on those stealth missions)An excessive amount of weapons and clothingFun remote control IEDsGood soundtrackVery fun sidemissions (except the Fixer Contracts). Gang Hideouts and the Spider Tank were impressive.(Might be a con to some) Difficult Police forceCONSVery bad performance issues. It is optimized poorly and it's hard to run.""Meh"" graphics... everything doesn't have texture and it's all just a solid color. The showing at E3 2012 showed refelective rain and beautiful graphics, but there's none of that, no matter what option you run it on. A few texture pops and rendering issues as well. Also, did I say that this game's optimization is poop?Reputation system doesn't do anything. Being the villain and being the vigilante doesn't feel any different. I felt like I should be rewarded more for doing good things.Small glitches here and thereBland story and characters with cliche missions and dialogue. Aiden is  uninteresting.MemesSome open world game things they should've added weren't present (such as shooting while driving).Weird car physicsHuge emphasis on multiplayer -- doesn't work out well.I know that the cons look like they outnumber the pros but I still like this game. It has more meaningful things to do and better mayhem causing to cause; where in games like GTA IV and Saints Row, you will get a little bored shooting the same cops over and over. This game allows you to set traps and wait to ambush them. This game allows you to kill someone stealthfully just because their interests don't appeal to you. This game lets you interact with the city you're in. It's a controversial choice to recommend this game because of it's criticism, but I say that you should give it a try.PS: If you like mass murdering people this game does this best"
,Recommended,243470,10263989,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,CaptainKolp,stole 5800 Dollars from a Homeless Guy 10/10
,Not Recommended,243470,12590829,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,One Fashionable Doge,"This game was overhyped. Runs bad on my beauty of a machine, story line/characters are beyond boring, and you can't do as much as you expected."
,Not Recommended,243470,14855995,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,SLOWION,This is actually a fun game and has tons of potential. Unfortunately the game runs too poorly to recommend.
,Recommended,243470,18158973,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,[OCG] Rhalkim (Moderator),"Who you gon'na call?Hack Busters!  Or,Irreverend Opinionsas we playWatch_Dogs!---The BlurbAiden Pearce is a hacker out for revenge on the people who murdered his six-year-old niece.  Criminal conspiracies, fratricide, and a chilling descent into the corrupt 'Chicago' government await him.  Watch_Dogs is a third-person 'vigilante simulator'.  Pearce hacks, races, spies, shoots, bombs, and bludgeons his way through the criminal underclass of his city, a driven man on a mission of vengeance.Recommended for mature audiences, Watch_Dogs features nudity, violence, and combinations thereof (including♥♥♥♥♥♥ human trafficking, etc)The GoodUbisoft managed to get an amazing atmosphere in their repainting of Chicago.  The Windy City feels wet and cold as it rains.  It feels warm and welcoming as you rocket through sunshine on the Loop.  The game's background graphics are superb, getting an attention to detail that many games tend to ignore completely, which adds to the immersion so well that it deserved a standalone point in of itself.  Around you, the city moves and breathes.  People live their lives and little dramas.  Now, this doesn't mean that the main graphics are poor; running at top performance specs, I was questioned by passers-by about which movie I was watching.  Explosions are breathtaking, people walk in a realistic fashion, cars reflect the light as you turn corners, guns flare like an action film.Both music and sound often help to keep you on the story; the main music is not too intrusive and keeps to the background, often ignorable until it stops as you near an objective - and then all to evocative of an imminent threat.Use of background in cinema serves to drag you along with what the protagonist feels.  Here in the game, it's not hard to feel a pang of guilt as you find that the account you just ripped thousands of dollars from was owned by a struggling stage-two cancer patient and his overworked pregnant wife.  It's just as simple to see why Aiden is so angry. Mobsters game the system and the feel of people being oppressed by ruthless, powerful sociopaths isn't just 'backstory'; taking a lot of time to ensure that you are given good reason to want to see Aiden succeed.  Your protagonist is involving, he's no idealist, but he wants to make thingsright, and sometimes makes mistakes.  Throughout the script, you'll watch an unfolding tale of betrayal, murder, corruption, and self-doubt.A good variety of weapons are available, with their own balancing of traits, so you can find a playstyle that suits you.  The scenarios rarely favor one style over another, meaning you can work combat in your preferred style, and there are few 'railroad' barriers to prevent you from say, snapping a dozen IEDs to a budget sedan and then sending it careening into the middle of a gang hideout.Multiplayer matches are fun, with well-timed battles giving a variation on traditional 'capture the flag'.  Tailing and hacking give good 'cat and mouse' and 'hide and seek' gameplay, which can be a fun diversion when you feel like something a bit more challenging than the typical AI NPCs.The BadGlitches are a frequent occurrance in Watch_Dogs, giving rise to hair sticking into your nephew's head (rather than out), objectives no longer functioning, NPCs that you need to kill falling through the floor, and more.  Unfortunately, the multiplayer can easily cause this, with laggy invaders causing the engine to make hacking objectives 'unavailable' while you host your uninvited guest.  This also applies to artifacts left over after you take part in another player's game, with police standing and smiling at you, gun drawn, staring into the sunset as you steal their car.Car music was gets quickly repetitive and jarring, background chatter suffers this same 'finite pool' symptom, with intercepted texts or calls or pedestrian conversations.UPlay.The UglyWhile some people would not find this such a cardinal sin - the railroad that they took out of combat, was thrown into the storyline.From the onset of the game, if the player does nothing fatal to their opponents; taking down goons and gangsters with a Batman-style beating and intervening with the people's predators with panache and poise, punctually pausing their pain with a professionally-prepared punchup; expect the game to ignore it, and not only assume you to be a cold-blooded killer, but act on that assumption for the premise of the story.  The immersion that they give only serves to heighten the disappointment when you realise that your efforts did not matter, and were never meant to.  ""Do as we want, not as you want"", say Ubisoft, in a more direct fashion than they usually push with UPlay.Ubisoft's efforts towards a believable, involving game are also severely undermined by the game's AI.  When people in ""Chicago"" start screaming and running off, calling the police because a car drives past them or parks in a parking spoton the road, I have to wonder if the developers ever got to actually see the AI in action before release.  People will panic and scream and cost you reputation or call the police over the most inane nonsense.  ""Officer!  I saw a man get into a car in the parking lot!""  Suddenly, a helicopter and patrol interceptor is dispatched.The combat AI doesn't fare much better.  The AI tends to focus on going to cover, grenading your position (if they have grenades), and moving closer on occasion.  While this is actually a worthwhile tactic - there's little to no variation on this, despite the variety of enemies you can face ('gangsta' gangers, mafia, professional hit men, mercenaries, riot cops, etc), and it tends to make fighting a little predictable and unrewarding.  Given the role combat plays in the game - a major part, if that isn't clear so far - this is poorly set out.  With the effort Ubisoft have put into the other, smaller details in the game (like how leaves fly up when you drive through a country road), this is significantly more noticeable, and shows that there was a poor allocation of time or effort in this department.SuggestionsTo players, don't go into this thinking it's a game that cares about how you do things or how well you do things.  Watch_Dogs has a story to tell, and to get that story to continue, feel free to do the bare minimum it needs to progress.  It won't reward you for going over and above what you needed to, or sparing the lives of the criminal scum of the city in some attempt at 'justice'.  If you can handle that, the story isn't bad, and Aiden's tale is one that I, personally, enjoyed.To Ubisoft?  Watch_Dogs is a sign of some serious disparity between your development team and your executives, and the executives can call the shots on release day.  This had potential to shoot far higher than what it got, and could have been award-winning.  The areas that developers couldn't cover, however, is tangible and that degrades the overall experience, like an unfinished, raw-construction corner in an otherwise very tasteful hotel foyer.The SummaryI managed to avoid the hype that came before this game was released, and went in with an open mind.  I hope that serves to illustrate that while Watch_Dogs is a good game with plenty of play value, I was sincerely disappointed with the overall result.A vigilante story with amazing background, which drags you into a hacker's quest for vengeance.  6/10, 7/10 if you enjoy the multiplayer content.The author of this review is highly unimpressed to find that the character limit has been restricted significantly, forcing a mangling of a longer review.  Fie.---If you liked this review or want to see more recommended games, be sure to follow our curator group:Follow Original Curator Group"
,Recommended,243470,20958610,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Revvi,"Kinda hoping Watch_Dogs 2 pulls an ""Assassins Creed 2"" and kicks off the series, still liked the game very much though."
,Not Recommended,243470,10251749,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,iluvOP,Blunder of the century. Avoid at all costs untill they fix it.
76561197974771682,Not Recommended,243470,10253338,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Boondoggle,"Don't do it. The game has far too many launch day issues. Uplay, the mandatory software required to play the game isn't working so you can't play. I managed to launch and register after about an hour of trying then the game crashed and Uplay kept undergoing critical errors.I'm sure the game is going to be well executed if it ever becomes playable, but wait don't buy it yet, not only is it the maximum price of £39.99 which is extortinate enough it doesn't even bloody work.Launch day issues shouldn't exist for single player AAA titles, this isn't cricket. Pirate the game instead"
,Not Recommended,243470,10249188,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Utopia,5/27/2014:Expect a poorly optimised game that could have used another six months of testing.
,Recommended,243470,10252259,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Craygore,"Uplay, burn in hell"
,Not Recommended,243470,10266634,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Mork,"Overhyped, overpriced...and it was pretty much over before it started.I don't usually speak ill of a game from a genre that's near and dear to me [cyberpunk] but ubi has done just that by delivering a game that is clearly not ready for prime time.I'm too upset to proceed with this review...Just read the forums and you'll know why.EDIT: this review is not cast in stone, i will edit as needed."
76561198019572384,Not Recommended,243470,22072988,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,[DoH]Heartstopper,"I have to say what the hell?  That was quite possibly one of the most depressing games I've played in a long time, but I felt compelled to finish it because I thought there would be some resolution or it would improve at some point.Instead,your family is gone, the only other character you are attached to dies, the head of the ""bad guys"" company is running for office, and CTOS goes global.I find myself wondering what the actual F was the point of all this?This is on top of the most horrible driving physics I've ever seen, glitchy graphics, glitchy spawning, stupid pedestrians that insist on throwing themselves in FRONT of your vehicle...mini-vans handle better than sports cars, and riding a motorcycle feels like I'm in a John Woo movie.There are many things in this game which are just flat-out broken.  I had scripted combat scenes where the enemy NPC's didn't spawn where they were supposed to...the spawn points kept changing, and sometimes I even got the ""boss"" spawn on top of the regular spawn.  There was even a scene where when I died, I respawned on a different freaking floor, and had to run back up the stairs and through fire just to get to my escort.The ""catching criminals"" mechanic while obviously intended as part of the core theme felt shallow and almost tacked-on, which brings me to another gripe...holy mother of god the UI spam.  Constantly getting pop-up messages telling me to go places and do various bits, which were very repetitive and seemed to only serve the purpose of a time sink.  This one thing alone, the UI spam, was pretty aggravating.  Even with all the ""online"" features disabled, I was still getting pop-ups to do online races.Even the ""filler"" side-mission crap is total garbage.  Here you have this hyper-realstic city environment going on, and you throw in this stupid 3-d space invaders and Mario chasing coins crap?  Who thinks stuff like this is a good idea?Reading through the ridiculously lengthy credits afterwards, I was left wondering with all those people how did they manage to not have any QA at all?If I had paid full price for this I would be seriously♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥  Luckily I grabbed it on sale with the DLC(why did I bother) for only $15.  I'll never buy another Ubisoft game again.Edited for minor spelling errors."
,Recommended,243470,32164817,Posted: 3 June,all,IcyCyborg,Kind of like GTAV but less emphasis on cars and more on hacking related stuff.
76561197988048931,Not Recommended,243470,29115592,Posted: 8 January,all,Reaktor,"After the years have passed and most of initial complains have been written, I decided to take a shot with this game. In short, it's not as bad at all as initial reviews were. If my memory serves me right, Watch Dogs was dissapoitment both graphics and gameplay / story wise. I can agree there are design issues:Pro's:- Graphics are ""ok"". Atleast they seem better than in recently released Mafia 3, but vanilla has issues. I chose to try out graphics mod, which gave game a much required facelift. It looks great now, even though it's not next-gen anymore.- It runs great on 1080 GTX + 3440x1440 with all the ultra modding. 40fps stable, which isn't bad at all if you have G-sync enabled monitor.- Story has it's moments- It has that GTA-kind-of-feelingCons:- It has lame characters. Ubi tried to make something serious, but somehow they managed to take all the fun out of characters. There is very little drama which I would care less about.- Hacking isn't that interesting. It's more of a gimmick, but still, it works. Hacking minigames are fun breaks, but I rarely did any in-game hacking, except when I had to get rid of chasing cars (as Ubi decided my guy can hack anything while driving, but cannot shoot while driving...)- Overall balance is bit broken. There are sidemissions and your generic open world activities, but I don't see point doing anything as they have little effect to campaign or character development. I don't understand why game has money, if there is nothing to drool for -- From the beginning you have some of the greatests cars and weapons, as they are simply too powerful in comparison to lategame variants. It doesn't really matter should you choose to play with cheap uzi or assault rifle, as both feel the same...- ... which brings me to simply bad controls. This guy seems to get confused all the time about what to do with cover button, and moving simply misses all the dynamic. It's not a catastroph, but there are moments when you just wonder how fun some scene would have been if you hadn't died fifth time because of character not being able to aim from bad cover. Driving is extremely arcade...- and because of those two points most of the side missions feel a bit unatractive, as it's not that fun at all to do something which doesn't play that well.- World doesn't feel alive. Your character is ""a good guy"", but game doesn't really punish you for killing civilians. Police couldn't care less. There is your ""Vigilante"" award-meter, which fills when you take out criminals, but it doesn't feel right if you can make collateral damage with minimal punishment. I would prefer to see some real good vs evil -alignment options.- I really wish Ubisoft would put more effort to open world-extras, as it would be much more fun to hack bank accounts etc if you could really put your money to buying condos / furniture / pribe police etc... Open world doesn't feel open world, unless you have the feeling that the world is alive and it awards you with modding with rewards, such as money. Mixing open world FPS with Sims might seem a strange idea, but if game doesn't let you to spend the money you are able to collect then why bother even having money in game?I'd say this one is a strange one. It's not as bad as it may sound like, but it's not really a gem. This reminds me of Sleeping Dogs, but doesn't reach the GTA standard. In comparison I do like much more than Saints Row series. It's worth at around $7 and gives decent campaign for over 10 hours... Still, I really hope WD2 has fixed most of these design issues and is more even game.For $3-5 its worth 4 stars.For $5-10 its worth 3.5 stars.For over $10 its not worth anything - simply save your money and buy something similar, such as GTA 5 or Watch Dogs 2"
,Not Recommended,243470,17271725,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,DimDiDima,"Unoptimized, uPlay, false advertisement, clichè plot, ♥♥♥♥ing horrible driving physics, pointless multiplayer, annoyingly repetitive hacking minigames for elementary school students,  ♥♥♥♥♥♥ weapon mechanics and a over all.A boring, hypocritical, emotionless protagonist that I don't even have an idea how he will make the top 10 heroes list for any person."
76561197985324095,Not Recommended,243470,12661402,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,klomakin,"Utter nonsense and a total waste of time. Excellent graphics.... but thats about it. The game does not engage, it is simply a beituflly made boring toy. Car mechanics are awful. Quests are pointless. Hacking gets old after about the 10th time you do it.... which will be in about 5 minutes. The idea behind the game is great, but the storu just isnt there. Its bascially an Assassin type game, but without the story, the plotline, and the quests to support it. Even running around smashing things isnt half the fun it is in SR III or GTA.... I really hate to say this, but dont waste your money."
76561197960363493,Not Recommended,243470,12285879,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Incubus,"taken from experts -http://www.gamersnexus.net/games/1487-critical-review-watch-dogsStarting Hard: Some of the Worst Optimization We've Ever SeenWatch Dogs is a good-looking game. It's not this generation's Crysis—not even close—but the graphics technology is impressive and promising. Ubisoft worked within an internal engine, called ""Disrupt,"" and plugged-in Havok for software-accelerated physics. I benchmarked Watch Dogs at launch, whereupon it was discovered that a 780 Ti + 4770K—a setup that'd put you close to $1500-$2000—barely made 50FPS with max settings. The game doesn't look good enough to justify such poor performance, so something was clearly going on under the hood. Further investigation has revealed a myriad of issues that sabotage the PC as a stable platform. For starters, we determined that anti-aliasing of any sort in Watch Dogs produces severe stuttering and even full freezing on some devices (270X, 7870) and significant, disproportionate frame drops on others (780 Ti). The word ""disproportionate"" is key here, as I've never seen performance halved by going from TSMAA to MSAA 4x in any game before -- ever -- on a 780 Ti. Performance should be impacted, yes, but these are new levels of framerate disparity.With 5.04 TFLOPS of raw COMPUTE power on 2880 cores, a 3GB framebuffer, and 336GB/s memory bandwidth (384-bit interface / 8 * 1750 clock * 2 for DDR * 2 for GDDR5), dropping to TSMAA shouldn't increase performance from the 50s to the 80-90 range. This is doubly so when considering that a change from Ultra + MSAA 4x to Medium + MSAA 4x saw almost zero performance impact (~10FPS), but dropping from MSAA 4x to TSMAA produced about 30FPS improvement. Something is wrong.So I thought it'd potentially be a CPU throttle, as I was using a 3570K when performing this test. Switching to the 4770K, which is a generation newer and $100 more expensive, the bench produced one half of one FPS increase. That's within margin of error, so for all intents and purposes, there was 0 difference. It was not a CPU limitation, then.That's when I started to heavily consider the possibility of absolutely no software-side optimization on part of Ubisoft. This stance was reinforced when testing the performance of an HDD vs. an SSD in gameplay once static assets had been loaded (read: not hitting storage for data much at this point). By switching to an HDD, it became evident that Ubisoft is abusing (or misusing) the pagefile before saturating system memory to any reasonable extent. In fact, Watch Dogs barely utilizes 1.9GB of RAM on max settings. That's even less than Titanfall, a game that's arguably far less graphically-intensive.And this isn't even getting to the good stuff -- like rampant CTDs, inexcusable BSODs, audio loops, NAT errors, Uplay's inability to stop drooling on itself, random input functionality breaking (enter key), inability to minimize, the ""alt"" key getting stuck, and more. Years of English classes taught me that ""and more"" was an excuse not to actually list more; I also worked as a test engineer in a previous life, so doing Ubisoft a favor, I'm going to combine these two experiences and get this out there:All this GPU benchmarking, crash fixing, and performance optimizing later, I think it's about time we officially comment on Watch Dogs as more than a benchmarking tool. It is, after all, a vexingly-hyped game leaving a $68 million footprint in Ubisoft's budget. Putting things in perspective, Battlefield 4's budget hit nearly $100 million (and look how that turned out), Destiny's budget is $140 million, but even that is still pennies to GTA V's $265 million budget.All the millions in the world, though, and I'm not sure Watch Dogs would ever be classifiable as ""good"" or ""playable"" for PC gamers.Unintuitive Input Dooms a Game to User AbandonmentIf a game doesn't have intuitive input and mechanics, it's doomed to collecting (now-digital) dust. This dates back to arcade games. In a discussion with Mark Cerny some years ago—a 30-year industry veteran—it was made clear that arcade games were explicitly designed with a single item in mind: Keep the player playing. They're pumping money in for each play -- so how do you get them to play without inducing rage, but simultaneously bolstering arcade profits? Cerny answered this question with great depth, but short of designing play to last 2-3 minutes for the quarter, he made it explicitly clear that the controls must feel intuitive and make sense. This dates back to Cerny's 1983 ""Major Havoc."" The veteran designer told us that without intuitive input and mechanics, developers risk creating a situation where the player feels somehow cheated, unable to pinpoint why they'd failed at a certain task. If the on-screen result doesn't match what the player's brain tells them is going to happen, there's a disconnect; that disconnect ultimately causes frustration and abandonment.And so we have Watch Dogs, one of a great many console-to-PC ported titles that has brought along its console input. Watch Dogs fundamentally alters mouse functionality beyond any recognition, and it does so on more than one level.Most immediately noteworthy is the uncontrollably high sensitivity on the main menu. Easy enough -- just turn the DPI down. Then we get dropped into the game, where suddenly the movement is immeasurably slow. Fine, then -- turn DPI back up. Easily done with most modern mice. Then we hack into a camera, or open the menu, or smartphone, or hack into infrastructure, and input speed has once again been altered. The fact that I've got to use all three DPI profiles on my mouse—menu, camera, shooting—is a red flag for usability.And that's before even getting into the matter of 'acceleration' and mouse smoothing.Mouse smoothing is an artifact of the beforetimes, when mice had balls and movement was oft choppy and inconsistent or overly sharp. Enable mouse smoothing with an ultra-high precision mouse, like the G502 we looked at, and it will alter input in a way that feels sluggish and as if the mouse is being dragged through a syrup-coated surface. The effect is ""smoother"" corners and circles when moving the mouse in such patterns, but that effect is entirely undesirable. When I move the mouse, it's done with purpose. Perhaps not always the correct purpose, but always something that I -- as a user -- have done as second nature. I know that moving my mouse at a certain speed and a certain distance will produce a specific result. I want that result. That's why I've moved in that manner. Watch Dogs, however, enables smoothing by default, which results in insufferable inconsistencies when moving a mouse made after 2001.and we havent even gotten to the gameplay yet :( this game is so poorly optimised for pc it reminds me of GTA4 when it first came out, and they could not fix that console port either. the bad coding is the backbone of all the problems. they did not even make an effort to get this game to PORT correctly to PC so that its is playable on anything other than minumum to medium settings. the fact that even on high end GPUS and CPUS this game is unplayable and guess what UBISOFT DONT CARE AND THEY WILL NEVER FIX THE GAME."
,Not Recommended,243470,12726655,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Nozomiko,"Sadly I have to agree with the majority of the negative reviews.Way Overhyped.The game works well with my computer, no crashes or anything, so definitely no complaints there. Also never had trouble signing into UPlay, So no complaints there either.After you finish the single player if you can even keep yourself inspired that long, there's literally nothing to do.Finish all the missions, get all the gear, and all you are left with is boring multi player.Even the graphics aren't great. They are good, but to say that something stands out would be overstating it.Can't recommend that its worth buying for the full price. Buy it on sale if you have time and money to waste.I am personally not a fan of this game nor GTA, However when GTAV is released on PC, I'm probably going to buy it and play it more than this game.Overall impression: Meh."
,Not Recommended,243470,12704351,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Capii,"Played the 1.0 version, some thing that enfuriated me were:1- UPLAY2- UPLAY3- The driving was so bad it isnt even funny, back in the day when i played NFS 2, the controls were more responding and better, i have no idea how the ♥♥♥♥ they messed it so bad, Farcry 3 had decent controls..4- Graphic things and all the mess around it, if you don't know what i'm talking about, google it5- I was so hyped it disappointed me a little to see this game turning out to be not as good as i wanted it to be, when i first launched it i saw something was amiss.. the graphics were not as good as i remember in the videos from e3, the controls of the car were horrible, the mainly thing i did was go from bar to bar to play chess and even some of the puzzles were just annoying6- UPLAY, well ♥♥♥♥ ubisoft and that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t UPLAY, i made a vow never to buy from them again.. unless they drop the uplay bs"
,Not Recommended,243470,10249675,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Pascal Ebling,ok i really would like to say good things about watch_dogs but i cant i try to run this game for about 1 hour or so and i was able to play 10 minutes i have permanent crashes bluescreens my pc just turns off and i dont know why i mean even battlefiel 4 runs smooth on high graphics i really waited for the game but not only my pc turns off whats ridiculous itselfe but it also just deleted nearly all of my steam games so if u consider to spend 60-70 bucks for this game it would be wise just to wait gta 5 releases on pc couse this is more likely than ubisoft giving a damn thing about the gamers and release a patch quickly just get a hooker and die a horrible aids death or whatever u like im really pissen and stop ♥♥♥♥ing use uplay this is crap!!!!
,Not Recommended,243470,10648313,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,PapaP90,"I regret paying full price for this game. It's not necessarily bad, it's just very painfully average. The story is stupid and at multiple points tries its hardest to ""surprise"" you with overly cliche twists that are completely out of character and don't logically make sense. There's so much betrayal, and Aiden seems to instantly forgive any wrongs that are done except for the wrong that the story revolves around, which he psycho obsesses over. The whole story fails to give characters concrete portrayls because without the constant ""surprises"" the game would be even more boring from a story point. And I haven't even gotten to the overly-cliched use of the word ""Hack"". You hack everything, things that you wouldn't even be able to hack are instantly hackable. Hack this, hack that, hack hack hack hack. None of it makes sense. I got to the point where I was joking with friends about how I was ""hacking"" the NPC's lives with my bullets when I got in shootouts.I'll give the game credit where it's due.-The stealth is very fun, I went through many a mission using only the silenced pistol and my magical hacks.-The world is vast and very nicely detailed.-The graphics are beautiful once you turn on E3 mode.-Everything is nicely voice acted.However-Super overly cliche story.-Driving is awful, and everything but trees are paper thin, drive right on through them without breaking a sweat.-The included fast travel is useless, forces you to drive, which again, is awful.-Instant fail stealth missions.-Boring tailing missions.-Characters flip flop personalities.-Aiden, the main character, has less personality than Link and has an annoyingly scruffy voice.-E3 mode is hidden in the files and has to be turned on via a mod. Really? Downgrading the PC version? How dare you Ubisoft.-Points in the story are very boring and you have to keep forcing yourself to get through.-Way to much emphasis on hacking, game forces it on you way too much. If you don't hack you better be a damn good shot.Overall a very average game, not something you'd expect after how much hype and development time it got, it's just disapointing. Buy when it's on a heavily discounted sale."
,Recommended,243470,19518865,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,SausageQueen,spoiler alert:there aren't any dogs
,Not Recommended,243470,23440411,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Spector,"There was a brief moment during my time with Watch_Dogs that I thought I could look past its flaws and repetitive gameplay, but then I realized something that made it unforgivable. This game came out 8 months after GTA V. Playing Watch_Dogs you would almost imagine it's from 2 years before GTA V. The sheer laziness of much of this game will frustrate you to no end.Get detected by the guards and think higher ground will possibly save you because you had to hack a scissor lift to get up there? Nope, when faced with the challenge of the intruder possibly being 20 feet above them all guards use their bionic legs to jump up to that spot.Other things to mention are the lackluster story and awfully characterized protagonist.I picked this game up cheap and even still I wouldn't say it was worth the price. It's not even worth a play."
76561198050043690,Recommended,243470,17273150,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Chin Chin,"Having over 97 hours, I personally enjoyed this game. Only thing that sucked was the car physics, they were awful."
76561197970669233,Not Recommended,243470,12485072,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,srs310,"Buggy, terrible gameplay, horrible framerate drops on an awesome system.  One of the most disappointing games I have played in a long time. Graphics were good, and the story was alright, though dark.  Overally, a dissappointment"
,Not Recommended,243470,10250001,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Mr Gandarf,"From what i have been able to play off this it is good and fun, BUT that is what i have been able to play dont let my play time miss guide you i have only been able to play 15 min into this game before it crashes because of drivers. Im not saying dont buy it, its fun, well the bit i have played is fun but not being able to play past 15 min and the knowledge that this isn't only hapening to me is quite anoying, but if ubisoft fix this which i hope they do it would be worth the money but at the moment im starting to think that it was over hyped and disapointing, BUT i have only been able to play 15 mi n of the actuall story before it crashes and forces me to restart."
,Recommended,243470,10267442,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,luke,made a cop fap on service to online Furry fetiches so I could get into the building10/10
,Not Recommended,243470,10262171,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Martin Papp,"You can cause crash on crossroads by turning lights to green even there´s no car around.Seriously...Graphics...  I will not comment graphic, games should not be rated by graphics, but that´s a trend nowadays. Wow, pretty rain, wind... that´s where I quit about graphics. It´s not that important if you don´t have any fetish to pretty pixels.Story...  I´ve been playing this about 2 hours until now. What I remembered, that there was a murder of a close family memeber of the main protagonist. But the best of all, from these 2 hours I spent 1,5 hours running through the city with mobile in hands looking at peoples color of underwear ( really ? ) . Scanning other people is quite a lot of distraction from main story, so I got lost after few minutes of playing game, insted of following story I was looking at npcs and their life stories, like this has aids, this is gambler, this one cheats his wife. Just too much distraction. It didn´t give me any atmospfere for example like Sleeping dogs, from beginning i wanted to play it more and more as I got involved into the story, but in my opinion this game is a mess gta wannabe with with a little bit high tech mobile, but what can you do with that ? you need a cover ? take mobile and it will apper from the ground, want money ? just try to find some random npc.. the car ? the same.. wanna stop crime ? just hide behind the nearest corner... and see.... I didn´t say anything more to that story.... there´s a lot of distraction.Most of people complain about driving. This is really terrible. Wanna drift into corner in high speed ? yeah sure, push handbreak, maybe in some good luck you wouldn´t stop completely, even if the police car chases you.. btw. They have really strong cars, they can push you out of the road really easily, but you can´t them do it.About the life in a city. There are quit a lot of npcs, which try to make the city looking there´s some life, but the city looks pretty average, I can compare it to gta san andreas. You can see a vet battle rapping in the corner of some forgotten house, you can see some people dancing or kissing, but city seems quiet. If you compare chicago with for example honkong from sleeping dogs, you can see real difference between living city and literally artifical city. City in this game just doesn´t have anything you would like to see, where you wouldstand for a while and look at the beauty around you.Well about soundtracks, it´s everyone´s taste in a music but I would welcome old style option to change radio station in the car and listen to what I want and  when I want. By my taste that music in the game just don´t match with that what I´m doing.Well gameplay is really easy-peasy. You will turn your mobile on and you will automatically see, what you can hack. Combat, well hand to hand fights just are not there, if someones attacking you, you just push one button at the right time and oppont is lying on the floor and you have a good feeling, because you don´t have to waste time fighting people and you can scan other npcs till you get mad. You can steal cars pretty easily, cover system is good, you can hide almost everywhere, well and free running ? jumping over obstacles is not free running.. for me, all over gameplay is like assasins creed, not with blade in hand, but with mobile.Finally, this game had a lot of marketing, was really over-hyped, but I´m really disapointed from this game, maybe it just doesn´t suit my taste, I didn´t get what I was looking for - interesting immersive story, strong main character you will remember, no guiding hands, good  atmosphere...6/10"
,Not Recommended,243470,22049699,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Nexavus,"2 years after release and I decided to give this a go. For $15, why not? I could only play for an hour before refunding. I have an R9 390, 8GB RAM, and an i5 4460. There is no reason I should not have been able to get 60fps on this game, let alone be stuck under 30 on Medium-High settings. Stay away from this. Let it be a reminder of Ubisoft's failure."
,Not Recommended,243470,10250184,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Seamus (thats the dog),"Its not a bad game, but its badly optimized for pc."
,Recommended,243470,17308497,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Whiteswart,"Watch Dogs. Yet another overhyped sandbox game, GTA meets Assassin's Creed, you all heard that a thousand of times. Actually, it was needed. Not to breed those titles, of course. Create a modern-looking game with ""added reality"" and phobia about hackers, what raised greatly in the recent times. Hackers now as much a trend as zombies, so a cool game about them is a shot straight to 10.Sadly, but this unavoidable hit was poorly performed, disgustingly optimised, and, the worst of all - it was made by Frankenstein blueprint, where different parts not actually fitting together.I'll list all major parts and details now, good and bad:1) The most noticeable feature of the game, a smartphone with implemented hakin' magic, is quite suitable and well-performed. Even the weird uneasy control of this device is natural - just remember your droid phone, completely the same thing. Anyway, with that phone and some applications, you know everybody (and able to use their weak spots against them), you can hack everything you see. You dissolve bridges, switching lights and even detonating grenades on your enemies via wireless channel. Black magic in your pocket. Only problem with it that you can accidently hack not what you were planned to, since it is ""click q to win"" and if you're on the move, you're pointing in one thing, say, a bridge, but before you notice, camera make its move, and Blam! you blowing up a water pipe. Again, very realistic, happens with touchpads every day.2) Total control operation system, aka ctOS. It is a fine picture of what our sweet consumer-friendly flat world evolving into. It can be used as your tool , and as your doom. ctOS triggers alarms and send police to haunt you to the edge ot the w̶o̶r̶l̶d map. Also that bIg bRoTHer device collecting all the pron and related stuff he can access.  Every time when Aiden Pearce connecting to another ctOS tower, he can download some of that pron. That ctOS staggering with amount of dirt you can get from the Net. Anyway, if you'll be watching all those sex-related video from ctOS, eventually there will be some noticeable subjects, like the one about teen who explaining to his father why Assassin's Creed is so cool. Or when some guy calling to his father to apologise for own careless and ask about health, and his father lies lifeless under the table...3) When your smartphone is connected to the ctOS, you see not just people roaming the streets, but know everything noticeable about them. For some time, it could wake up your consciences. Like not to hack a person, stealing all his money, when you know he has lost his job or collecting funds for expensive surgery... But then you starting to notice 16-years old vice-presidents with black belt in aikido, people who often travels to North Korea, and professional mercs hiding from the justice, but working in the Chicago PD... And you get a feeling that sandbox bull-♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ you. Well, you can get that feeling not even switching to ctOS. Just walk some blocks on your feet. In the first block, you'll see some guy reads rap to his buddy. Somebody will be drinking and shouting ""normal, normal"" in the air. People will be conducting normal, typical behavior. But you go to the another block, and see those rapping buddies again, same song. You hear all those drunk shouts. Then you deciding to do something out of the order. Like starting a fire. Make a guess - will you ever see a firetruck? Nope. Not near fire, that's for sure. What I'm trying to say - Watch Dogs Chicago is a pretty cardboard city.4) Arsenal of guns, which is actually looks very realistic, and for a moment giving you a feeling the game is genuine in that aspect. Sadly, but no matter how cool guns are, ballistic aren't. And AI of your opponents isn't so good. So if in the beginning I was like 5-year kid with every new toy/gun I get my hands on, after some serious shootouts all the gunplay enthusiasm evaporated. Click Q to win, that's what this game about, and guns are generally for show. Get me right, shootouts there, of course, are better than in the Sleeping Dogs title... But not as nearly cool, as 20% of what we saw in the promotional trailers before Watch Dogs was shipped. Generally, Pearce is hiding at some corner, preferable above the targets, performing headshots and sometimes throwing grenades. Realistic? Not quite, but Very Boring indeed.5) Driving part reminded me of the Saints Row 2. Cars physics beyond suitable, it is way worse than in the Sleeping Dogs. Yeah, hoping you got the point.6) Fighting bare-handed isn't really a hacker's thing. There is only ""press X to win"", usual sequence, corner somebody, press button, he's down. It is working in stealth part, but bringing no joy. Especially the missions where you need to wipe some local gang and knock down their leader. Seriously? Knock down an armed bad guy, after I killed dozen of his fellas? Okay, melee is a game-feature implemented for story-telling and in-game challenges, but not for fun, or role-fitting vigilante.7) Parkour, industrial alpinism and capture of ctOS towers. Well again, ""press X to win"". While there are some cool animations when Pearce runs along the walls and doing all other pro-free-running tricks, it is all actually pre-generated. That means you can climb on the 3 meter-high wall in one place, and cannot jump 1 meter high in another. Access to towers seems intriguing puzzle at first, but it is there you meet your limits with all ice-cold game planning. Like, ""no, you cannot explode or climb over a wooden fence, you need to run it over with a car!"", ""No, you cannot just climb on the building, you need to spend 15 minutes to hacking all the doors in it""...8) Story, it is one of the weakest parts, even people who praising Watch Dogs with marks like 8(9)/10, not arguing with that point. While the basic idea was surely a good one, its realisation is certainly a failure. Starting with the protagonist, our vigilante hero, Aiden Pearce. While he Can be tolerated in some ways, he is far from suitable for given game setting. Let's be honest - all those fairytales about black magic smartphones are best-suited for the youth, people younger than 30, maybe even less than 25 years old. And our ""hero"" surely not in the tune with that auditory. He's too bleak and even inert for them. Talking about hole in the game plot there.9) The story is weak, basic gameplay features for GTA-alike game, like driving, shooting, fighting - are made in boredom.The world in game is cardboard one. Even the music in the game is awkward (arduous)!Is there somewhat somewhere you can do for joy and complacency? To spend at least a few hours in this weak semblance of possible greatness of the game?Yeah. It is still a big sandbox game based on partially real-looking Chicago, with many many really good mini-games, sidequests, challenges and so on. At the worst, there are decent chess and very sweet poker you can play with almost real partners!So why I set ""thumbs up"" botton? Why not give Watch Dogs ""thumbs down"", which it deserve? For the promise. For the shadow of the game I believed it could be.Maybe there is a chance. You know, second Assassin's Creed was better than the first one...Overall mark 6/10.NB: about multiplayer in this game... all the charts are hacked! Somebody beating all the races in 1 second, and Ubisoft pretending that's the way it's gonna be! Yeah, a game about hackers, sure thing."
,Recommended,243470,28190346,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,PixelMarine,"This game made me think about killing. That killing also have a breaking point.Overall I understand mixed reviews cuz overhype but... This game is just good. Driving sucks, yeah, but this game isn't only about driving. It's about hacking, about pain, about sad story of vigilante. Shooting system is really satysfying (You can also go slow-mo like in Max Payne). You can choose between going loud and stealthy which is really cool, because you can mix it if u want too. Hacking is pretty simple but effective.The best thing however - is ending. It's just mindblowing how long I had to think about it.Give it a shot."
,Not Recommended,243470,10258306,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,No.111_Grunt,"Overhyped, poorly executed."
,Not Recommended,243470,10892104,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,CattyTao,- downgraded graphic.- awful low ingame volume.- mouse acceleration problem in menu and cannot be adjust.- what's the point people still need uplay if they already got steam?- uplay is highly unreliable due to disconnection and no response.- one month delay for Asia user without any warning and reason. (solved)- no activation key even when it available after a month delay for people who preorder it. (solved)- activation key cannot be use even you finally got them. (solved)- they offer free season pass for preorder user but there is no refund whatsoever for those who already purchased sp so far. (solved)- unforgivable timing they put watch dogs to 20% off sale right after releasing date for Asia user.- they don't intent (or even pretent to) solve all the issus for their customer. (solved)- 降質的圖像表現- 低音量在遊戲中無法調整- 在選單畫面的滑鼠加速問題無法解決- 有了 Steam DRM 後為何還要 uplay?- uplay 經常性的無回應或斷線- 在無預先告知下將亞洲版本延後一個月- 亞洲版本上市日當天無法取得應有的遊戲序號- 當取得遊戲序號後卻出現序號無法使用- 為了補償送出免費季票，但未對已購買者有所表示，目前為止不接受退款- 在亞洲版上市日即公布遊戲八折，讓預購玩家無法接受- 到目前為止他們並無跡象打算協助消費者
76561197963866721,Not Recommended,243470,22032517,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Will47,"You would think Ubisoft would have fix most of the game issues almost two years after release...Well, think again...Game hanged on the first launch, driving with a keyboard is anything but crappy, I just got stuck in the online maps first time I went there and I kinda doubt it will stop there.All of these were bugs or issues known 18 months ago... Ubisoft, come on, have a some respect for your customers, and a little self-respect as well..."
,Recommended,243470,10540770,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Candy Danii 💘,"So, after you hype over a game too much, you get this, although honestly it's not BAD like what everyone is saying on the internet.  Should we give Ubisoft s%#t for this game? Ugh, YEAH, they deserve it.  I'm not going to be talking about how buggy it is though.PROS:Story: Story wasn't that bad, was kind of neat actually, lead to a lot of plots and stuff, but after a while it just kind of turned into what you were expecting, and then there is that one villain you just can't WAIT TO MURDER.Hack into (almost) everything: When I started off playing I didn't think I would be able to hack a good chunk of things in the environment, like signs on highways, forklifts, cherry pickers, etc. it's pretty neat how you can control most things in the world.Blurbs on civilians: I walked around with my phone out just kind of staring at things, every single civilian has a little blurb about their life, what their names are, what they do, what they make in a year, it's interesting that the civilians on the side of the road actually have little information over them instead of them just being another NPC in the way between you and a goal, even though they still ARE between you and the goal half the time.Lights and pipes save your life: Using traffic lights, steam pipes underground, etc. help you escape or lose heat from the cops or the gang members you end up getting into fights with, you use the traffic lights to destroy cars behind you, steam pipes to blow them up, and blockers (Those things that hide in the ground) to stop them from chasing you.Lots of things to do: There is a s^%t ton of stuff in this place, from spying on people in the city, to getting briefcases, to playing poker or chess, I ended up wasting hours upon hours in the little activities, which were really fun to do, and sure wasted a lot of my time that's for sure.Screwing with enemies: Later on you get perks like arming enemy grenades that they better throw away or they are gonna go BOOM, I had a few occasions when I armed a guys grenade, he took it off, threw it to the side near 2 of his buddies and they died from it, was pretty neat though.  Or make them go check out a area that made a noise and you slip by, it's really fun.Be stealthy or loud as possible: Knowing me obviously i'm going with stealth side, which is really neat, i've done some missions without killing a single person, not including those camera sequences.  I would try to distract them as much as possible and slip through undetected, getting the stuff I needed and leaving the area like I wasn't even there.  Unlike in games like Thief 1 and 2, when I leave a area with every enemy alive and my objective done I actually FEEL like I made them look stupid, the old thiefs (Other than Deadly Shadows and Thief 4) the guards were just stupid, and I felt like I was just pointing it out that they WERE stupid.CONS:Can't aim out the damn window: Is this a joke or something? What, I can't take out a pistol, aim behind me and try to pop the enemy's tires? For gods sake people, it's not hard, maybe do this if you feel like actually doing something in the damned car.Quick Time Events for traffic lights, steam pipes, etc.: Yup, instead of carefully timing when to use the lights, pipes and such to get rid of a enemy you basically just mash Q untill it happens (or X if you are a console person, ew.) This sucks honestly, I figured I would have to time some things right like the lights or the blockers, apparently not.Aiden himself: Aiden is kind of a mixed bag, I like the fact he's trying to be seclusive and not want to really show emotions, that way you can kind of figure some things out, but honestly, he's not very interesting most of the time either, so he kind of seems just flat out bland.Trailing with cameras: This gets pretty boring after a while, I used to think it was fun, but after a while when you have to trail camera after camera it gets kind of tedious to do so.Chicago looks really boring: Honestly, there isn't much in Chicago itself that looks different or changes the tone, the only place that looks different is Pawnee which is kind of out in the forest, which was pretty neat, so most of the place looks the exact same as the last place you were at 5 minutes ago.Game over if caught: This, f%$king, sucks, mainly for criminal junk, the way criminal things work is that you find a guy that looks shady in a area, study him, wait till someone else comes up to him, when s%$t hits the fan, you jump in and kick the guys a$$.  Sadly, I always ran in a few nanoseconds too early because I'm just like that and wanted to get to him quick, which means I got caught and couldn't do it again, what did I do? I pulled out my golden deagle and shot both of the f%$kers and left.  It does the same for missions too, if you get caught you lose, and have to start over, again.Killing cops means losing karma: This is stupid, If I shot the cop first then yeah I understand that, but what if they are chasing me? I should be ALLOWED to kill those t%$ts, this is just rediculous.No Melee system: WHAT?! That's even worse, you can only do performed takedowns on enemies, so I can't punch any random motherf%$ker on the side of the road? even if he's a total a$$hole? Apparently THE COPS CAN MELEE ME, why can't I?!Soundtrack: I mean the music on the radio, the actual game soundtrack is pretty good, but honestly I skipped over all of the songs in the game and only found 1-2 I actually liked from the rest, that's kind of sad, especially when games like GTA (Other than GTA V, I honestly hated most of the music in that.) I can listen to every radio station and like all of the songsUnderused characters: Jordi (Or whatver that japanese guys name is) is WAY under used, honestly him, Clara, and T-bone are the only characters that have some soul, and Jordi is way under used, he's awesome actually.CONSTANTLY hacked into: Every, f#$king time I was about to do a mission I kept getting hacked by someone else, so I just turned it off, it gets annoying trying to do one thing and constantly being pestered by other players.Free roam with friends: This is boring as f%$k, nothing to do other than p%ss off the cops and make a chokepoint, and just murder all of them, there should be activities to do with them, like chess 1 on 1, or drinking, or a 4 player poker game with others, I think that would have been really cool.Obvious sequel is obvious: They make it seem like a sequel throughout half of the damn game, seriously, it makes me feel like it's just half of the game I was expecting instead of a full, actual game, that's saddening, honestly.WHAT I THINK:  Honestly, the game is pretty fun, but with all of the annoying junk they didn't do or did wrong makes the game just utterly bland, at least there is activities and other stuff to do though, so that's good at least. Score wise eh...i'm stuck between 6-7/10, probably 6 though, it's fun and nice, but has so much wrong with it and not what I was expecting from the E3 trailer last year/2 years ago.  For 60/70 bucks? No, 30 probably."
,Recommended,243470,21202376,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Grump,It's pretty good but online has too many hackers.
,Recommended,243470,29091021,Posted: 7 January,all,Cesspitsid,"I have no idea why this game has received some much hate.I bought this last sale not expecting much of a game after seeing the reviews.I was surprised, so much infact.The story of this game is soooo good, not one mission the same as the last, each area of the story as gripping as the next, I haven't done many side missions but of those I've done, they seem very well done.The graphics I must admit aren't the best but when it's raining, it transforms the city into a beautiful playground, the citizens always feel like they have a purpose, the hacking is very well done.The only problems I have encountered are some graphical glitches with buildings not being completed in some areas, very small as you need to look carefully to see these problems.also the combat is a little clunky as I can't aim very well and there are a lack of mouse options. I can't take off auto aim or select 'raw mouse imput' as those options don't exist.also, while running, I can't look up directly into the sky, this is a big problem when trying to disable a helicopter while on the run, thankfully there is a bullet time I can use to slow things down nicely when things get a little hectic, the rain stops in mid air when in bullet time too, this is a beautiful effect.so overall:+story+character+enviroment+hacking-some graphical bugs-combatI would rate a solid 9/10"
76561198029752696,Not Recommended,243470,10252736,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,jackwdc,"♥♥♥♥ing Awful, Running on a GTX 770 and an I7-4770K and It constantly drops from 45FPS to 8FPS DO. NOT. BUY. They need to patch this asap."
,Recommended,243470,12715036,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Thicc Loli Dragons,"I have 150 + hours. Do I need to say anymore? Actually, I think I do.After playing for so long, I realized the game was AMAZINGLY over hyped- but not bad. I appreciate the online gameplay, which seems to work well... 95% of the time. Graphics are great, missions fon't have variety but I still enjoy them. I love re-doing missions sometimes, just to try it in a number of different ways. The online hacking feature makes for fun experimentation. Overall, the price tag is a little high, but I'd buy it."
,Not Recommended,243470,10255128,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Deygus,Great Idea for a game and would be amazing.....BUT.....it bit the dust again following the same issues that have killed AC each and every single time. I can play the game fine running around but once I get into a car and start driving off somewhere it gets super-choppy mostly when there is too much going on in a scene and unfortunately there is no way to control the population density which only makes that far worse. So because of this until it's fixed if it gets fixed that is (probably not) since it was always an issue with AC lagging out in high pop areas I'm giving this a BAD RATING and I WOULD NOT recommend it to anyone. You are better off without it or trying it through other means. So far this is pretty shoddy and definitely not worth the $60!
,Not Recommended,243470,16396835,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Grey Seer Campbell,Watch_Bugs.Got a refund.Got to uninstall Uplay again.Twas a good day.
,Not Recommended,243470,12711201,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Karasu,This game taught me a lesson:Do NOT pre-order games. Especially if they're full price ones.
,Not Recommended,243470,10254841,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,MegaBusta,"Holy ♥♥♥♥ I have a 780ti, 4670k, 8gb ram and this game struggles to go above 15fps at 2560x1440.  Whast the ♥♥♥♥ happened here.The game is your typical Ubisoft open world game.  It's fun but nothing groundbreaking."
,Recommended,243470,10250210,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,☭ Fidel Castro ☭,"There I was, sitting at the table, waiting for his next move.....Queen to B3... I was done. Over. I lost the intense battle.I pulled out my gun, shot my opponent in the head, robbed the coffee shop, then walked out the door.Several people were calling the police, I had to commit mass homicide to protect myself but one got through. A fan fiction writer.I then proceeded to steal $2300 from a guy who was saving up for chemotherapy.10/10More seriously though, I really enjoy the game. Sure the optimisation may not be the best (especially for AMD user, I feel for you guys), but the story and gameplay is solid, in my opinion."
,Recommended,243470,32821118,Posted: 26 June,all,wdbros,"People complaining about the hacking mechanics is just stupid. I have some insight on ethical hacking, and it's not far fetched. Otherwise, the game is great, the story is interesting but the main character seems a bit blank to me. The world really seems like a real city (as far as games could go). I would recommend buying."
76561198031324041,Recommended,243470,31876946,Posted: 21 May,all,Mumm-Ra,"Late to the party so no clue why this game got so many negative reviews.Its very stable and looks great maxed out.I actually enjoyed playing this alot more than Grand Theft Auto, hacking phones and CCTV cameras was alot of fun.I also thought that Aidan Pearce was a fine protagonist, they don't all have to be in touch with their feminine side, its ok to have a masculine protag every now and then.A quick summary of pros and cons :Pros : Still looks fantastic- Was really impressed by the textures on Aidan's clothing.Great music - Alice Cooper, techno, rap, hip hop there is a waide range.Fun online play - Keeps you on your toes as you never know when someone might invade.A decent story but with weak writing - Starts off strong but then gets a bit lost before                         finishing on a high note.Good game length , 40 + hours- Easily as there is still all the online hacking/tailing etc content, which is alot of fun.Cons-   The car driving segments, they will make you mad.Still quite pricy for an older game, wait for a sale.Its a very solid Open world game with alot of fun content, well worth getting on a sale."
,Not Recommended,243470,12717970,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Don't Tell Ma!,"Excuse me Uplay, it's been almost FIVE months and I STILL cannot play online!  Great game, especially with all the focus on the multiplayer that you can't play!"
,Not Recommended,243470,14665319,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,seapuncake,Uplay ruins the game completely.
,Not Recommended,243470,13096510,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Hella Henners,"For a game that was set to usher in a new generation of video games, Watch_Dogs was and still is a huge and total dissapointment. From the numerous delays to the graphical downgrade the game suffered since its E3 debut, there really is nothing redeeming or noteworthy that could make it worth recomending, even during a Steam sale. Watch_Dogs plays out pretty much exactly the same as any recent Ubisoft adventure/shooter game like Assassins Creed and Far Cry 3 and 4. Underwhelming story with a sassy antagonist that gets you infiltrating bases to slowly unlock the world, area by area (think back to the outposts/radio towers in Far Cry 3 and then swap those with the CtOS centres). Then throw in the waves of tiered enemies that spout the same 3 lines of dialogue that seem to have been recorded at the lowest possible bitrate. However, even if that doesn't phase you in the slightest, you will still want to give Watch_Dogs a miss. The Ubisoft DNA continues to permeate with Watch_Dogs being a pretty terrible PC port, even with all the fuss they made about PC being the lead platform. Even with recent updates, the game is a mess with fluctuating frame rates that refuses to run smoothly on pretty much any machine. Throw in all the NVIDIA Gameworks ""enhancements"" which basically guarantees that the game also runs like crap on anything AMD based. Maybe these performance issues would be worth it if the game was visually impressive, but it simply isn't.TL;DR - To sum up, a very underwhelming game full of Ubisoft's nasty practises that runs terribly on PC.  Do avoid, even if its on sale and save your money for something else (or even GTA V on PC in 2015, which I guarantee that you will be playing a lot more often than you would with Watch_Dogs. There is literally no replay value here.)"
76561197961226559,Not Recommended,243470,10632211,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,KARNAGE,"Didn't find one dog in this game, SCAM!"
,Not Recommended,243470,21998656,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Johnny Bravo,Johnny does not like glitchy games.Johnny does not like uPlay.Johnny had to use 'windows compatibility mode' becauseWatch Dogsstarted crashing.Johnny did not have fun.
76561197974117694,Recommended,243470,15022479,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,MonkeyWrench,"A lot of people are really harsh on this game. I found it really enjoyable. The story is very engaging and engrossing. People complaining about the main characters emotions aren't really paying attention to the story line, or playing the side missions to get more info.Of the cons I would really have to stress vehicle physics and handling. The cars feel really uncontrollable, and the motorcycle feels like it's hovering.I've heard a lot of problems with controls of the game as a whole, but I own an Xbox controller and didn't have any issues. If you want to play 3rd person games like this and don't own a controller, I highly recommend you go get one. It's freaking cheap and easy to do.If you are looking for a GTA clone, look elsewhere. This game does not reward you for being a psychopath. The whole vibe of the game is that you are a vigilante looking for justice."
,Not Recommended,243470,12677760,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Samothrace,Looks good.  That's about it.  Such a let down.
76561197961345022,Not Recommended,243470,10254950,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,KeefeUp,"This game is broken.  Like totally broken.  Look at my screen shots.  I ran this on every possible setting and the game is just flickering and slow as hell.  I have a 770 SLI system and its worse with SLI on than off.  Off its still just a glitch fest.  I am not happy to have paid 70 dollars for this game.  It was not worth my time.Update.  Played the game for 30 or so hours, now the game has the 90% bug where the game loads 90 percent then freezes.  YAY!  Its been a while now and there is no update and now I have no way to even attempt to play the game.  I even did a reinstall to see if it helped.  Man UBISOFT has been wasting my time for a while.  Their cloud never saved my games in AC4 like EVER.  Lost my saves for Splinter Cell Black List...and Rayman.  Ubisoft has made it to the top of my least favorite developer list.  GAH  I gotta stop falling for thier hype."
76561197974140344,Recommended,243470,12714126,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,FuzzyWuzzy,"I'll admit that it didn't live up to the hype, but it was a very good game.  I expect if they spent half of the marketing budget on more designers they would have had a much more stable game with even more missions.  As it is, it's worth playing, and a lot of fun."
,Not Recommended,243470,10380419,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Mostly Nice,"Watch_Dogs Review: (EDITIED – Still a No.)Runs on ultra-seamlessly, but drops out when TXAA is on. Still can’t work out why considering my card is fully supportive of TXAA.Brief spec:i7 4770k32Gb HyperX RamAsus GTX780oc (940-1150GHz)256GB Samsung SSD (currently has Watch_Dogs installed onto it - No advantage so far over SATAIII)Game is run on Ultra and tested both with and without SweetFX settings applied.This review is an edit of my last one. I was previously very annoyed at the settings configuration and getting severe frame rate issues, especially when alt+tab’n – meaning I had to close the game down and restart it. These have since been fixed with a few adjustments. I’m just going to list pro’s and con’s for this game. It’s a vast, ambitious title – yet it can be summed up with simple yes/no elements.The Pros:The driving element in the game is spot on and mimics the quality of GTA5. Cars handle uniquely, and the perk system really puts a lot of fun into driving.Graphics are second to none. This is probably the most graphically advanced game to grace PC. The lighting and shadows are fantastic, the water physics are amazing and make just piloting a boat a heap of fun alone.Shooting is at first not so great, at least not for a 3rd person game from ubisoft. However, as you progress you level you can increase things like reload speed, stability etc. This makes it a pretty good shooter and you’ll need some real shooting skills to kill everyone in your way.You are never far from a crime. Importantly, you don’t have to go snooping around to do a bit of good Samaritan work. The Ctos will do that for you and while you’re driving around ti will coolly ask you to place a HUD marker to the vicinity of the crime. Pretty neat! This keeps game play consistent, fresh and makes you feel like a bit of a god!The Cons:Lack of soul. I don’t know what it is about this game, something I cannot put my finger on – it just doesn’t have the character. Maybe it’s the overdone, cheesy, emotionally charged storyline.The hacking tool is a novelty that quickly wears off and makes this just another sandbox game with barely any soul. If you’re really interested in that kind of thing maybe you’ll get more fun out of it than I did.Uplay. Enough said.Nothing new. Aside from being able to interact with the city, this game is not set-apart from any other recent sandbox. I’ve had more fun in SR4 so far than this, and for good reason too.Slightly askew, drab characters themselves, I’m not sure. But I haven’t laughed, I won’t cry and nothing is going to tickle me to make me fondly remember this game.Customization is pretty average. I mean there are a few dozen outfit colours for maybe 3 variation of the same coat, hat and trousers. Very bland. Once again, nothing compared to that of GTA5 or the mighty SR4.Car customization is non-existent. Shame because the car design is pretty good.No ability to fly helicopters/planes. Seriously? I’m an elite hacker but I cant hack myself a nice chopper or jet? I can’t even hack into a helicopter chasing me and crash it or eject the pilot?Below average music/radio. Oh I can play my own music though? Thanks ubisoft! I never knew I had that option.Online ‘invasions’ are boring and 50% of the time cut-out. My net isn’t great but it’s good enough. Shouldn’t have this problem. Maybe it’s Uplay?Currency in the game is almost pointless. Reputation again is a novelty.I can shoot pedestrians but I can’t do take-downs? LAME!I bought Watch_Dogs because I am a sucker for eye-candy and it is no doubt beautiful, but it doesn’t have the staying power of a traditional gob stopper release. I’m not enthralled by the story, not won over by any characters or intrigued by anything else the game seems to offfer. Maybe the American’s love the whole vigilante terrorist vs regular terrorist thing going on here but for me, it’s just not cutting edge enough to have been worth the RRP and not enough to win me over.Overall, I mean the game is pretty nice – great feel to the map, nicely set out and amusing from time to time. Other than that, it’s a soul-less release that doesn’t have enough quality in the ingredients to make it not easily forgettable.‘Next-gen’ score:    6.5/10Just because the GFX and interaction are cutting edge, doesn’t mean the game is. Wait for sale. Watch_Dogs will make a great ‘in-between’ game when waiting for that next big release. Alternatively, GTAV will come to PC, wait for that. It will be worth every penny and make a great PC sandbox or get SR4 now! You will not regret that purchase!"
,Recommended,243470,10252754,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Schleem,"My PC can't even run it.10/10 GOTYEDITI now have a PC, which can run Watch_Dogs at the highest settings without any framerate issues. Watch_Dogs is actually quite a nice game, it feels like a good mixture of GTA, Assassin's Creed and Sleeping Dogs with some hacking elements. I love it. The graphics are great, though there are some glitches.Still, this game doesn't deserve the ♥♥♥♥♥ing that it gets."
,Recommended,243470,28155168,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,hannnnnnnnnnnnnnnnah,"Game is great if you can ignore the poop-tier driving mechanics.Story is catchy and combat isn't too easy. There is more than one way to solve a problem; you can either go in gun blazing or extremely stealthy (Much like Dishonored and Thief). You're not invincible, and you must remember that.Only real problem is that speed based driving missions will test your patience."
,Recommended,243470,23890554,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Blackloch°,"Was thrown out to the wolves unfinished, to an unstable platform - STILL survived. Lands a spot in my heart and a 30cm statue of the main protagonist in my shelf.When Watch_Dogs was initially released, it had huge problems. Some game related, most UPlay related and I never did give this game a proper review. A lot of smack and fist shaking more like, but I’m here to correct that error now. Well, at least as best as I can. Now that Watch_Dogs 2 is already looming in the horizon, it’s time to finish this one up.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=597109971BackgroundThe protagonist in this game, Aiden Pearce (You) is on the run with law and while trying to pursue his own agenda in the city of Chicago, he’s also righting some wrongs as the local vigilante.Aiden is heavily armed, lugging a sizeable gun collection of all calibers under his trench jacket - but his most valuable weapon is his smartphone,Profiler, that can gain access to literally every citizen’s data. The type of information you can snoop from people varies from plain useless info all the way into secret dead drop locations, ATM accounts that you can siphon or some criminal plans in making.The city itself is rigged with all kinds of electronical devices, surveillance cameras, remote controlled traffic lights and signs etc. and you can easily access all of these with one swipe on you iPho… Profiler.The city map is big enough to get a sense of freedom. It feels realistic with night and day cycle, weather effects, high traffic, pedestrians, coffee shops, musicians in street corners. It’s populated with all kinds of activities and missions that you can tackle in free order. There’s also random events that appear if you are in a right spot at a right time – or you can activate these events by hacking someone’s phone and steal information about it.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=266905826GameplayWhen you play the game as Aiden, the notorious hacker, you also become vulnerable for other hackers. And this means the multiplayer side of Watch_Dogs. While carelessly strolling around the windy city, there might very well be a hacker (another player) invading your game world, shadowing you and “collecting data” from you. If you get suspicious, start scanning people around you and spot the hacker, you’re free to chase him down using your trusty telescope baton or guns.Some of these chases are like from action movies, running through stores, on the rooftops or tight and dark alleys, climbing fences, hiding behind cars. The character animations are awesome, Aiden’s jacket behaves realistic in every jump and turn – there’s a lot of fine detail in everywhere and the paranoia of being watched is thrilling.You can of course be the bad guy and invade other people’s games too. I think that’s a unique approach in current multiplayer games when sneaking around, following someone while trying to avoid detection is a refreshingly cool idea to play with random players. It doesn’t always have to be about killing and t-bagging. I love how I can casually walk by my target, collect his dirty secrets, maybe taunt him by pointing him with my pistols and then vanish in the alleys before he understands what just happened.If hacking is not your thing, you can just do some racing with other players and team deathmatch. If online and multiplayer isn’t to your liking, you can disable those completely from the options. It was fun for a while but once I was trying to achieve something, like get to a certain spot in the city where I could start a mission and I was interrupted by another hacker all the time, I turned off the online invasions. This also disables all the experience required for certain character unlocks that can only be gained via multiplayer games, but I wasn’t too troubled with that.I tend to go AFK every now and then, perhaps leave the game open and I don’t want to return to a scene where someone is inserting his probes into my pants while I’m standing idle there.The plot seems great (not going to spoil anything here) and revolves around popular modern topics like, online security, hacking (duh!), family values. There’s a lot of content in game and if you have a season pass, there’s even another full campaign to play after you’re done with Aiden’s story.--Overall I really do like Watch_Dogs a lot. Game looks and feels polished (finally), the theme and story is to my liking and I like being Aiden. If I would really have to dig up some negative aspects of the game, it would probably be the sucky car handling (not realistic at all) and mediocre music played from your phone or car stereo. There’s no radio stations or funny commercials like in GTA and when the car handling is what it is, I find myself walking and running through the city most of the time.But then again, that’s when I can easily access my phone, hack people etc. You can’t fiddle with your phone from car unless you are parked - Aiden is all about safety."
76561198030131023,Not Recommended,243470,10254854,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Ark,"This game let me down in a big way. Not because it didn't perform like most of the so called ""hype"" had proclaimed, but because it does not work.It took several hours of my day to get past the uplay program, which constantly told me i had no internet connection (as i was listening to music on youtube i might add), and when i tried logging in offline it told me i had to log in online at least once to use this feature. By now i was looking a little cross, but was still determined to play the game, after resetting and rebooting everything, the game logged me in. Now, i hit new game and waited, and finally it started to load! the first cut scene came in and i was feeling pretty good, still thinking ""this game better be worth the hassle"", and as the cut scene ended, the game crashed. I let out a looong sigh and Uplay told me it had encountered an error and had to close.From then on out every time i started the game, my computer driver said the driver has stopped responding and has closed.I frankly expected alot better from the company branded with making AC, Splinter cell and other really solid great games. This game does not work, my computer is not old and works all other games just fine.In short i do not recommend this game until it is fixed, it looks like fun but does not work on apparently quite a few peoples computers.Heres hoping you read this and heed the words DO NOT BUY until you hear it is fixed, elsewise you risk wasting money on something you may or may not be able to play.UPDATE: Game worked! for about 20 minutes, i started playing and honestly it was pretty coolThen, the drivers crashed again. So i still don't recommend this game.UPDATE 2.0: FINALLY i have upgraded my computer in ways this game could not have seen coming. New power source, new graphics card and new drivers. Low and behold the game is actually not great, even running smoothly most of the missions are anoyying and very forced. Wandering around the city and doing side missions is the best part of this game and that really only holds the attention for an hour or so. So even if you can run this game, don't, it isn't worth picking up."
,Recommended,243470,33013062,Posted: 29 June,all,TheForFeeF,"This game does get a lot of flack. Some I would agree are justified, but it almost feels like its a ""cool to hate"" situation.The story is dark, the character building is intense, the scenary is gripping.I would 100% recommend this to someone who would like to get lost in a world that feels alive. To someone who wants a very compelling story that will take you along many twists and turns."
,Not Recommended,243470,17269038,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Lt. Aldo Raine,"The game is ok. Story is bland. Aiden Pearce is a very 2 dimensional, uninteresting character. Driving mechanics are very stiff and feel awful. Hacking and multiplayer elements are neat.UPlay is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ The game runs like absolute garbage. And when I say that, I'm talking 30 FPS with LOTS of stuttering. So much so that the game is almost entirely unplayable. This is after several patches were released, mind you. If you start driving, expect anywhere from 10-20 FPS with more stuttering. No, I'm not joking.Overall, don't buy this game. It's GTAV but with less to do. Also, unless you have a super computer you won't be able to play the damn thing anyways."
,Not Recommended,243470,15015379,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,MacAulayS,"Game barely launches, won't run in full screen. I'm tired of making games run by jerry rigging them. I should have listened to the reviews."
,Not Recommended,243470,10318544,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Gabeux,"!! DO NOT BUY THIS GAME UNLESS THE GAME BREAKING BUGS ARE FIXED !!People who finished the game are losing all their progress because of a bug. I also lost my savegame (all gear gone, clothes locked in default, can't use skills nor hack, can't play multiplayer, missions barely work, etc etc etc).If you STILL want to try your luck, DISABLE online invasions and DO NOT play multiplayer!!Ubisoft failed really bad this time. Shipping game breaking bugs is just absurd. The game cost me 75USD total.I play indie games that cost 5 USD that are way more polished than this in their Betas.And to clear things up beforehand, mind that I had no expectations or hype for this game. I was aware of it, but didn't really get into its hype-train and later bandwagon. I like Ubisoft games (Assassins Creed is my favorite franchise and I loved Far Cry 3), but I stand unbiased.- Review -Opening notes:Decent game with funny moments. Definetly not what most people expected.The world feels like Assassins Creed worlds. The difference is that in AC, you are in the Animus reliving memories, therefore the world ""can't"" be alive, due to the people being AI representations made by the Animus.However, in Watch_Dogs you're supposed to be in the real world. It certainly does not feel like it, since the 'city life' is very repetitive and no matter how many times you go to a place, it will always be happening the same things with the same audio/lines (I lost count of how many times I killed that beatboxing guy near the west railway hideout. Seriously.)Gameplay:The missions and side missions are fun and, sometimes, interesting (and eventually feels repetitive). It doesn't justify the price tag. Maybe for 50% the price it would be worth getting the game.Hacking does not feel so awesome, it's more like an utility. It IS fun to use your tools while engaging in multiplayer, but the failed connections, dropped connections and eventual bugs will get in the way.Eventually you'll be bored of profiling everyone. It IS a very cool concept, getting info from people and knowing their last 'secret', but it adds nothing to the game.The physics in the game is not as exagerated as on GTAIV, which is good, but the vehicles feel way too much resistant to impact sometimes.There's also some funny moments when you intercept some calls or messages, or during ""privacy invasion"" missions.Graphics:As my computer only fits the minimum specs, I can't comment on the graphics. But based on the trailers, I believe everyone expected more.Sound:Audio is okay, but the musics on the midia app are largely ignorable.The game's soundtrack (music played on missions) are good and fits the missions' mood most of the time. The problem is that those (sometimes unique) ""mission music"" most often go silent, which breaks immersion and brings up a very awkward moment.Story:Meh. Even though it has its cool or interesting moments, it won't fit anyone's expectations.Conclusion:Could have been the game of the year, if not for the failed delivery, assorted bugs and game breaking bugs, and the open dead world that feels like an Animus 0.1 Alpha.There's funny moments and references spread around on the side missions and collectibles, but still doesn't make up for the other issues.Even if its issues get fixed, its only a decent game at best. The hacking feature isn't really news..take Syndicate FPS game as an example. The multiplayer concept is good and I hope I get to see more of it in newer games.UPDATE: After finishing the game, I still stand by my first impressions - the game's not worth its full price."
,Recommended,243470,10258849,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,ＡＥ８６ＴＨＥＴＩＣ,Became a god of bridges and traffic lights.10/10
76561198065926635,Recommended,243470,28722623,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Mulqueeny,"Don't really know why this game got such a bad rap, it's a fun game to play and the story is quite good.Sure it was probably never worth the full asking price but few games really are. I got this on Sale for around £7 and I'd say that's definitely worth the purchase.So far I've had a good amount of fun playing it and have't touched most of the side activivities as of yet."
76561198043035667,Not Recommended,243470,23462894,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,DeadRat,I bought this game last night and after many hours of anticipation (downloading) I couldn't get it to launch because of issues with Uplay. This is not the firdt time I've had issues wuth Ubisoft/Uplay but it will surely be the last. Thank you steam for the speedy refund.
76561198291039236,Recommended,243470,35030758,Posted: 17 September,all,Prospects,"Its kind of odd that I am recommending this.Watch Dogs 1 is another one of those games that showed everyone the kind of lies companies will tell the consumer just to make their product look better than it truly is.  Even though graphics don't make or break a game, I was still greatly dissapointed that the E3 presentation wasn't the true representation of (at least) the PC version.  2014 was one of the lesser years for gaming, and I'm certain Watch Dogs was on a lot of peoples'♥♥♥♥♥♥list.That being said, I admit (to my greatest shame) that I actually enjoyed my time with this game.  I had already heard many reviews claiming the game to be mediocre at best, before actually playing it.  So I set my expectations to the lowest point possible....STORY:This game's story is not very compelling.  It tries to tell this gritty revenge narrative about a broken man, but it just isn't well done.  Aiden Pearce isn't a very interesting dude, so its very hard to sympathize with his motives and goals.  There's no real tension or actual stakes for the player to truly give a damn.  It isn't all bad though.  There are some parts I particularly enjoyed.  Even though Aiden is boring, some of his dialogue with the other members of the cast is quite entertaining.  Jordi Chin is a perfect example.  He's a fun character who throws Aiden♥♥♥♥♥♥ and is used properly for comedy relief.VOICE ACTING:I thought the voice acting in this game was pretty solid.  Even though I wasn't affected by some of the more ""emotional"" scenes, I could tell the actors were doing their best to protray the characters they were playing.  Jordi, T-Bone, Clara, Lucky Quinn, Iraq, and Damien all had convincing performances.  Even though I didn't get attached to Aiden, I thought Noam Jenkins did a great job with the gruffer tone Ubisoft was looking for.  Shame that the story's direction couldn't highlight this good voice acting.GAMEPLAY:Combat in this game is like any other third person cover shooter with SOME added layers of depth.  There are different ways the player can approach certain scenarios and its all thanks to the hacking elements.  If you successfully clear out a room of enemies with hacking and stealth, it can feel really rewarding.  I remember I once threw explosives onto a car, hacked it so it ran into a group of gangsters, made a blackout, and stealth killed the remaining enemies.  It was good fun.  The side activities were surpisingly entertaining.  Criminal Convoys were my personal favorite because I loved setting up ambushes and going guns-blazing in the middle of the street.  DRIVING IN THIS GAME IS VERY POOR, IT FEELS LIKE THE ROAD HAS SOAP ON IT OR SOME♥♥♥♥♥♥  ALSO SOME OF THE PHYSICS ARE TERRIBLE.GRAPHICS/ART DESIGN:As stated above, I was disspointed that the game didn't look like its E3 presentation.  The graphics are ok but they are certainly not the best.  Nothing truly impressed me and it was just meh.  I do appreciate the fact that Ubisoft tried to give an accurate depiction of Chicago.  It shows that there is a good amount of dedication in the level design/development.SOUND DESIGN/OST:The sound design in this game was good.  Not fantastic, but acceptable.  The soundtrack wasn't all that memorable but it did serve it's purpose and changed the mood appropriately.  The techno stealth music is a great example.  But the in-game radio...well, I wasn't a fan of it.  There were no songs I really enjoyed other than one or two.  I was able to give this a pass because I know its difficult implementing outside music into a game.  Legal trouble and what not.BAD BLOOD/DLC:This was an alright expansion.  I'm glad I got the complete edition for 12 bucks on sale cause I wouldn't do a stand-alone buy for this DLC.  It was cool to play as T-Bone, and I thought some of his new gadgets were fun.  However, the gameplay was practically the same and the story was again, not very compelling.  T-Bone only has a few animation differences than Aiden.  The only other notable DLC was the new digital trip, and I didn't think those were all that fun to begin with.VERDICT:It's a medicore game.  I guess the reason I am recommending it is because despite all the negatives, I enjoyed myself.  I had some fun and I don't regret playing the game.""I don't look back anymore.  I don't regret.  I look forward.  Everything is connected...""-Aiden Pearce"
,Not Recommended,243470,10261093,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Bunnybacon,"This Game does not run on steam, it just opens uPlay and then gives you the promo code to use that ♥♥♥♥♥♥ service. uPlay is an abomination. So basically, Instead of just playing the game, you open steam, which opens uPlay, which THEN opens watchdogs. You are being♥♥♥♥♥♥opun.The good thing about this is that it teaches you never to pay for Ubisoft products again."
,Recommended,243470,10254656,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,46,"As expected, UPlay is down.That's my review."
76561197973225118,Not Recommended,243470,10863737,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,PatrickSwayzeExpress,Even my worst enemy should not have to suffer through the pain of stuttering and low framerate that is this game  :(
,Not Recommended,243470,17273910,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Richard Nixon,Pros:-Water looks nice-You can shoot-Good if you're planning to use your computer as a space heater-Lots of radio towers to captureCons:-Optimised poorly-Short(ish) story-Hype-Hype-Ubisoft-Hype-Uplay
,Not Recommended,243470,12368155,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,killjoyken,Worst game of the year.
76561198064979638,Not Recommended,243470,15411249,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Tappy,just a dull version of gta with a boring storyline and very average everything with its one unique aspect being hacking which gets boring and annoying quick with the irritating sound.
,Not Recommended,243470,16606316,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Nilax,"""Watch_Dogs has stopped working""Best game ever."
,Recommended,243470,16937283,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Alex of Swag,"I personally really enjoyed Watch_Dogs. It stayed true to the Ubisoft development checklist which-Tons of collectables-Semi-decent story but still having its moments and good characters-Tons of side missions that can lead to cool items and weapons-slight parkour-And a cool gimmick (Hacking)If you love Assissins Creed for its sort of open world Watch_Dogs is a perfect addition to your library. I can see why not everyone would enjoy this style because you don't really feel immerse in the environment because it all feels like a game. Another part of the game that I feel was a little underdeveloped were the police systems. While it was different and included ctOS stystem into it, it lacked difficulty in general. I greatly enjoyed their version of Chicago, it just was very enjoyaable to drive around in. Overall I would recomend this game to those who like the studio who made it or to open world fans. I wouldn't recomend it to those who are looking for something to take seriously and get into a story."
,Not Recommended,243470,16856558,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Jenova's Fitness,This game is unplayable and Uplay is completely unneccesary
,Recommended,243470,33628430,Posted: 18 July,all,Kitten,"This game is epic. I love it. I know lots of people hate it, but it'll still remain one of my favorite games in the world.So let's start!Story:The story isn't particularly strong, it's about a guy, named Aiden Pearce, whose sister's daughter was killed by a fixer.Aiden wants Revenge! He is also a really skilled hacker,  so skilled that he can even hack with his phone without touching his phone. He hacks with his miind. (I'm saying thism because if you hack something there's no animation to the 'hacking'.Game mechanincs, gameplay:The controls are really comfortable!The gameplay is a mix between Splinter Cell, and Far Cry.You can either do it yourself, stealthy, taking down everyone one by one, giving headshots with a suppressed pistol.You can either hack everything you can, my favorite is when you hack the grenade in someone's pocket, and they just 'stylishly' blow up, OR they throw it to a teammate, basically killing him :DOr you can do it loudy, BUST THE DOOR OPEN AND SAY 'IT'S JOHNNY' and blow up everything.The missions are kind of the same, but it never gets boring, the main missions are:Clear a map,chase somebody with a car, take them down,find 2 hackable spots, and then --,,--THE CITY:The city is amazing. You can do lots of things in it. There are soooooo many activites out there that you can try.Here are some of them:Criminal Convoys:Simple. Hunt down a person, whose in a car, and take him down.Crimes Detected:Find out crimes, and intervene. Found the potential criminal, and take him down, before the victim gets hurt, or before he starts breaking the law.Fixer Contracts:Find a fixer, and take them down.orGet a car, you'll be the bait, and you have to escape the police.orYou deliver a car within time limit.Gang Hideouts:My personal favorites, you find a hideout, profile the target, whose the boss. But! That boss has lots of guards, so watch out!INVESTIGATIONS:Human Trafficking:You have to hack or collects 10 briefcases.QR Codes:Codes around town that you have to find with cameras, and scan them. (Scan them with your phone too, and you'll find some messages!) There are a total of 17 codes.Missing People:People are killed around the city, and you have to find all 6 people, to then find the killer, and take him down.Weapons Trade:You have to locate 9 garages, and in those garages, the crates, scan them, and you'll get weapons!Phones:The fixer who has killed your sister's daughter left 7 phones around the city, with messages. You have to find them.MINIGAMES:Chess:It's exactly as it sounds. Just chess! Pretty fun.NVZN:A virtual reality game, where you have to kill aliens that are attacking Chicago, also they can mutate.Cash Run:This is a VR game too, you have to collects coins, and also watch out for ghosts.Shell game:Three cups. One ball. Self explanatory.Poker:Poker. Just.. Poker. Yes. Poker.Drinking game:Um... If you want to be an alcoholic... here's your chance! Just drink.. and yeah... forget about all your problems!Slot Machine:More unhealthy addictions!DIGITAL TRIPS:These are drugs, that allow Aiden to travel to a VR world.Spider Tank:You play as a bigass spider robot, and you get missions, and kill people.. and.. yes.Madness:You wanna rage some? This is the mode for you! You drive a car, smash into demons, and you get missions!This digi-trip is REALLY hard, so if you're not patient.. don't play it.Alone:No it's not a descripton of your life, it's a game mode where you take down ctOS robots, and hack nodes, to free a part of the city.Psychedelic:Don't do drugs, kids.Conspiracy:You identidy cyborgs, and then you take them down.ONLINE:Online hacking:You troll into a person's game, install a backdoor, and he/she has to find you, while you remain undiscovered.The other's objective is to find you and kill you.You can also get hacked.Online Taling:You hack into a person's game again, and you observe them, while remaining undetected.Online Racing:Self explanatory.Online decryption:There are teams, who collects and decrypt files. Once a player has the file, the other team tries to kill him, or steal it, the allies of the played holding the flie, must protect him. When the file reaches 100% decryption is labelled the 'winner'.ctOS mobile app:Someone on their phone, is the police, and you're.. well.. Aiden.And you have to get from point A to point B without dying, or without the time limit reaching 0.If anybody read throught this... well.. WTF thank youI recommend it from the bottom of my black stony heart!"
76561197972258172,Recommended,243470,29525566,Posted: 27 January,all,[Snizza] EyesofWrath,"The life of a developer that works for a publisher must really suck. You spend years studying your craft, training yourself and learning new technologies, perhaps being involved in research and technical innovation, putting your heart and creative mind and many, many hours into a project while knowing full well that all your work might be completely undermined by shady business practices enacted by the publishing and marketing teams in order to shift as many copies of your game as quickly as possible, with little regard for the good of the consumer.And thus we have Watch_Dogs, the poster child for the latest generation of terrible marketing stitch-ups - a bubble of greed and malpractice that only recently seemed to start deflating with the colossal outrage that followed No Man's Sky. Released a week or so after Assassin's Creed: Unity, the consumer blowback that followed the release of these two games proved to be a nail in the coffin of Ubisoft's ability to trade on hype, and after Assassin's Creed: Syndicate's luke warm reception the next year, it finally became clear to Ubisoft that they had milked the cow dry. Which is interesting, because after waiting more than 2 years to play Watch_Dogs for the first time, separated from hype and expectation, and given respite from fatigue of the Ubisoft-style sandbox tropes, I find that this isn't a bad game.Watch Dogs (I'm not going to stylise the title any more) actually succeeds in a few key areas that several so-called 'better' sandbox games fail. First and foremost, its world feels alive. Because of the nature of the hacking system, you will see into the private lives of the inhabitants of near-future Chicago. Some of the little vignettes of the people you spy on are hilarious, and some are shockingly disturbing (the old lady spying on her neighbourhood drug dealer, thinking aloud that she hopes he gets r.a.p.e.d and murdered is one particularly unforgettable example). You'll find people playing soccer in the park, making out in alleyways, arguing with their spouses on the phone, having lunch, or trying out new rhymes with their friends. If you pull out a gun, passers by will sometimes call the cops, and sometimes tell you they're on your side, but that you better leave before someone less sympathetic spots you. There's a great deal of spontaneity and character in these interactions, and they don't often feel forced or unnatural, which is a credit to both the writers and the actors, as they've managed to inject a personality into the city that is both quirky and believable at the same time. Complimenting this are the wonderful environments, and whether you're in quiet, leafy, rustic lakeside fishing village, or the clean, bustling courtyard of a university square, or darting round in the shadows and through dirty back-alleys beneath the towering CBD skyscrapers, the game world feels like a real living place.The second major win for the game is that it gives you a rather high degree of freedom in how you deal with any given situation. There are interactive 'hackable' objects littered around most of the city, so if you want to scope out a group of enemies through the CCTV cameras and blow up nearby generators and power boxes to thin their numbers you can, but you're also more than welcome to shut off the lights and sneak in to stealth attack them in person, or run in guns blazing if you so choose. Luckily, the combat is enjoyable enough that the latter feels fun. Similarly, if you're tasked with a car chase, you can ram your foe off the road or into oncoming traffic, or trigger any one of a number of traps, such as upcoming traffic lights, and send them careening into the oncoming pileup in order to disable them. While this constitutes a large majority of what you'll be doing in the game, it's kept me well-enough entertained for 30 hours so far. I rarely feel like I'm just doing that I'm told to, rather I feel like a cat amongst the pigeons - let loose in the birdcage to cause as much havoc as I like.The game falls down most predominately in the story and character department. Watch Dogs is ultimately a grim story about how killing solves all your problems, regardless of how many lives you ruin along the way, but it takes at least half the story missions for the direction of the narrative to reveal itself, and this has a lot to do with the fact that the backstory of the game feels like a first act that's been left out. The first few minutes of the game drop you into a cutscene at the very end of a mission gone wrong for reasons that aren't well-explained, with characters of whom you know nothing about. Then a child dies, and this is supposed to be the catalyst for a revenge story, which would be a fine premise if you could relate to any of the characters or their motivations at this early stage. The game doesn't give you enough backstory about the characters in order to care about them - it simply insists that you should. It really feels like the most interesting part of the story at that point exists in a prequel somewhere, and the game gives you little chance to catch up as it races on. From then on, it's a lot of gravelly-voiced technobabble, and importance prescribed to the names of characters that you've never met before. In short, it fails at Story-Telling 101 - there's no set-up, so there can be no satisfying pay-off. This eases up about half-way through, when the plot unravels enough for you to begin to follow, but for the large part, I didn't have a clue why I was doing what I was doing in the story missions, and I felt I was simply following the game's instructions.Other than that, the game is pretty standard Ubisoft-fare. I've intentionally left out talking about the graphics, because it's a non-issue. The game looks great. Does it look as great as the trailer? No. Does it look great regardless? Yes. The nighttime lighting effects are particularly impressive, and nighttime is almost photorealistic - walking under dim sodium streetlights feels so real you can almost smell the grime of the city. The water effects are quite nice too - particularly its semi-opacity as it interacts with light. There are some bugs here and there, and occasional lapses in detail that pull you out of the moment, but these were rarely game-breaking. Content-wise, there's a bit of collecting, which can seem quite pointless, but the side missions are fun for the most part. Also, I've never really been one for online interactions, but some of the online missions are really fun, such as sneakily tailing another player and trying to mimic the behaviour of the NPCs to avoid being made (likewise, it's fun to be tailed yourself, and have the other player panic and break character, exposing them for who they are as they sprint down the street, or barrel into other cars in traffic). These also transition rather seamlessly in and out of the offline world.This is not a bad game. If you can free yourself from expectations and just be open to what's on offer, I think you'll enjoy yourself. Sadly, Ubisoft's business practices, and the trail of similar games that preceeded Watch Dogs left it with no chance at the time. I'm pleasantly surprised by the game, and I'd say that it's one of a small pool of games that manage to build a world that doesn't feel totally artificial. Sadly, the main characters and story are far from engaging, and that means that the core of the game is noticably lacking. Get it cheap."
,Not Recommended,243470,10256469,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Aceus | Gamdom.com,"Don't you dare buy this game right now. It is broken. I cannot get out of the first mission without it crashing 1 min after I start the game, do not buy untill Ubisoft patches it."
,Not Recommended,243470,10249775,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Josh von Moger (MAGA),"played for 2 hours seems really good, closed the game down properly, went to make some food. I go to play it, but now it  crashes on loadup 11/10. (http://i.imgur.com/RWDSAPI.jpg)#says i have 0 hours when i played 2+ hours (you can see from imgur i played it , but on steam says i havent)edit: appears to be a good game from my first 2 hours (graphics and gameplay wise) but i wouldnt purchase it until all the bug fixes/crashes are sorted."
76561198041584575,Recommended,243470,12354040,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Solaire,"Watch dogs. This game has hate. I will grant you. When it first came out I jumped on the bandwagon and whinned about the graphics and so forth and how all the hype was a big let down. But then I got into the story and decided to play for a bit more. Then I played more.I might recieve hate for this, but Watchdogs, for me, was a near masterpiece. Everything from the characters to the story was just amazing. I don't know what people say about Aiden being a bland and dull character because he isn't. He is a character you can connect with. You see his sturggle to avenge those who have wronged him and you see how self-destructive that can be on him later in the game. He is a man with a goal and nothing will get in his way. I don't see how that is in anyway boring. What also makes him such a good character is how he opens up with chacters like T-bone and Clara later on in the game. He becomes conflicted with, in basic terms, whether his actions justify the means. Another thing that makes Aiden unique is why he wants revenge. Spoilers kinda.... His niece is killed and this I found to be really unique as it wasn't like he had a wife or child and they were killed. It emphisises that someone hurt people he cared about and that has caused him to seek revenge.The story was very dark and very realistic. Well... realistic minus the CtOS system and hacking. Without spoiling too much, this is a game about secrets. Secrets and scandals and cover ups and we learn all of this throughout the game and how Aiden intends to uncover them all to get what he wants. The story seems to have this repeating idea about revenge and how it isn't worth it in the end. Without spoiling when Aiden finds out what he wants to find out, he then looks back on what he's done to get this far, the people he has hurt or killed, the lies he has told his family and lives he has ruined, and he then begins to have a internal dilemia with himself to again, ask whether or not what he did was worth it in the end and you'll understand why later in the story. This is where, for me anyway, the game really shined and made the player realise all they have done to get this far. It's hard hitting.Characters were very good and dynamic. All of them didn't feel like they were a waste of space or unlikable. Even the villians. All of them were intriuging. T-bone was one of my personal favorite side characters. Although, whilst those who worked with Aiden received most of the light, his family were kinda left in the dark and because of their little screen time, I didn't really find myself all that connected with them as I would have liked too. Clara I think was one of the most important characters to the story, because she shows Aiden that he can rely on others to help him solve his problems and that they can work as a team. It's because of this that I really liked her, especially because it doesn't later turn into a lovey dovey relationship which, I think works between their characters. They both support and rely on each other which I found to be great character development for them both.Gameplays pretty basic. You hack stuff. It's bloody amazing. Make stuff explode, steal money from homeless people and paitents with terminal illnesses and sex offenders. It's all great. Nothing really needs to be said more on that part. It's epic. I had so much fun and you will too. The detail in the game on the other hand, was really quite amazing. You can hack stuff and find out information about other peoples lives, read audio logs to find out about a persons backstory, hack into the CtOS videos and look into a persons home and see what they're doing (some of them are really funny.) Enemy AI is well done. They will move around, trying to flank you, hidning behind cover when you set of explosions and grenades. They will also be surprised to see if you have moved without them noticing you. God it's amazing. Guns are pretty good, they vary and you'll be using them for different situations when needed. Downside of them is that you'll never need anything other than your silanced pistol, which the game gives to you straight away. Headshots are easy even without focus but that doesn't necisserily mean that gameplay will get dull. You have to plan and coordinate where enemies are and try to avoid them as best you can. Aiden isn't a sponge to absorb bullets so it's advised you play stealth. Even though you'll find yourself taking down some of the early game enemies to begin with your Spec Ops 1911 (the silanced gun,) Snipers and especially Enforcers are a big threat as they mainly keep you behind cover as the other, weaker enemies advanced towards you without remorse. Side missions are fun though repetetive and the collectiables such as unlocking the CtOS towers are worth it. All in all. It's a great gaming experince. You'll clock in 30 hours minimum just doing the main story.NOW TO THE BAD STUFF:Ok, so admittedly, there are problems with this game as there are with any game. So I'll list them.1. Driving. GOD IT SUCKS; If you're using a keyboard or controller, driving cars is one of the worst experiences you can have. If you lightly tap a fence, it shatters. Bump into a telephone pole and it falls down, and not just with cars, but with motorcycles aswell. This is very... whats the word... atmosphere breaking. You lose yourself in this game full of hacking and such and when something like that happens, it really shatters that feeling for you. On a side note. Only drive motorcycles. If you have to chose. Go bikes. They are faster, better to handle, manoeuvrable and so so so much fun. Get them. They are the only vehicle that doesn't feel like your driving a brick. Plus thier usually cheaper to buy.2. AI: Now. I got really annoyed with the AI pedestrians that roamed the streets of Chicargo. If you so much as inch towards them with a car or bike, you'll be hearing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and learn to drive so much that you'll go insane. They leap out of your way even when your not moving and this I found to be infuriating from a gameplay perspective. Also, I ♥♥♥♥ing hate the Blume informants. Hack them, they put a bounty on your head, to which other players will come into your game, and hack you. I enjoyed the experience and multiiplayer is fun but it was kinda inconviniate, especially if your like me and want to get on with the story.3. Hate. Yep. This is a problem with the game. The hate it gets. Im serious. I look at the comments now and I see how many people♥♥♥♥♥♥on this brillient game. It's frustrating especially when so many of them have barely reached past 10 hours. It's dissapointing. Look if your reading this now, and going by what people say about Uplay not login in and graphics stuff then don't. My computer is very average at the moment and I managed to get it up to high graphics. The game is good. It's better than good it's amazing. I'm sick of seeing people say things about this game that it doesn't deserve. Were we all disapointed at relase day? Yes. Were we all angry and the graphics downgrade to begin with? Yes. Did it run on most of our PCs? No. Does it deserve the hate because of it? NO. Guys, get passed all that and look at this game for what it is. I have been in the same situation as all of you and did not like this game because of it's faults. Now look at me, I'm writing a review on how outstanding this game turned out to be. Stop looking for reasons to say this game is bad. It's not.Well, yeah. This is my review. Thanks for reading. Please buy this game if your considering. It's worth it. If you're unsure then, I will agree, wait till it drops down in price and buy it then. Trust me. It's awesome.9/10: Much Watching. Such Doge. wow"
,Recommended,243470,10248178,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Tautsu,Its like playing GTA as Batman except your family hasn't been shot yet. Do buy.
,Recommended,243470,33104160,Posted: 1 July,all,$i!€NT Ki!!€R,Everything about the game is goodexcept the optimization
,Not Recommended,243470,10255390,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,uncle see uncle do,"I bet this game is really good, I wish I could play it. I will change my review once they fix Uplay. Why did they add it in the first place? Because Ubisoft wants to make the PC more like the console. Thanks Ubisoft. Also, I can't login to my old Uplay account, nor can I create a new one. This is a waste of $60 until they fix this broken system.=========================EDIT=============================================Finally logged into Uplay. Booted up the game and it ran fine. I hopped into a car and instantly dropped to around 10 FPS. When I updated my drivers, my normal frames were terribad. This is the first game I have ever seen that is truly unplayable. I would advise that you buy the game when Ubisoft gets their♥♥♥♥♥♥together.=========================EDIT============================================="
,Not Recommended,243470,22551021,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,NITPRUDO,"After you finish the story mode, its not that great of a game. Sure, you can go online and play, but theres not really any fun. You just kill people and then a hacker tp's to you and kills you.Story mode: 7/10Online mode: 1/10"
,Not Recommended,243470,10253436,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Alex,Holy crap!
,Recommended,243470,24854080,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,jimbobsteele,"Fab. It's great. If you see it on special on Steam... get it.Driving fast. Yes!Shooting. Yes!All manner of mad weapons. Yes!Police... Ummmm... Yes!Bad guys. Yes!Truck driving. You can if you want.But. Damn it. Somone else might hack you. Sometimes, they are easy to find and kill. Sometimes, they are well hidden. Grrrr. Must... find... them..."
,Recommended,243470,30367191,Posted: 6 March,all,goths don't run,"(312 hours at time of review)PROS+ Great Graphics for its time+ Fun hacking element+ Good online+ I really enjoyed the hacking side of the game, it has no contest in the open world hacking genreCONS- Story is terrible- Feels unfinished in many aspects- Lots of room for improvement in the customisation areas- not worth the $32.95USD it is currently selling for, i would pay no morethan $20Conclusion ~ Worth a buy if on sale"
76561198107231581,Recommended,243470,28886121,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,KingwasTreeTousand,"I love this game but there is ONE thing that just ruins it, and it's uplay"
,Not Recommended,243470,10261329,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Dewnald Tramp,"i've played this game for a couple hours and i have not had any crashes but i cannont connect to cloud with the game but i dont really care, but i have had random fps dips and random walls and blocks appering and dissappering, im using a GTX 750. my opninion of the game is it's very boring, story is not very good, and the hacking thing is not very good either. i dont like this game but i do like the free roam of it. thats the only real reason im still playing. id give it  3/10. also im still pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that i payed 80$ for this game (deluxe thing) that came with a bounch of♥♥♥♥♥♥that was not worth it in any way. dont buy this game until they fix all the♥♥♥♥♥♥and you have to be easily enetertained and have the attention span of a 3 year old. to sum this game up in one word, UdontPlay."
,Recommended,243470,27433660,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,LuLu csgobounty.com csgoatse.com,"The game is great. I do not understand why people hate on it so much. Well, it really was overhyped but other than that? It is always on sale at a good price, and you get like 1/2 GTA V with a really interesting concept plus there is so much content and stuff to do...I totally recommend the game to you :)"
76561198012331644,Recommended,243470,10267394,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Zeok,Meh. The rain is okay I guess.
,Recommended,243470,10254504,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Brad,I want that phone
,Recommended,243470,10252893,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Agent Soup,sat at the menu for 2 hours looking for the ANY keywhere the ♥♥♥♥ is the ANY keyhow do i play this game
,Not Recommended,243470,10256495,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,butter bro dick,"UEBISOFT, THANKS FOR GOOD GAME.Checking cache for 3 times downloading 8.9gb every time doesn't fix my game.After reinstalling game works. I have very low fps at the moment and 100% GPU USAGE ON VIDEOS. (AMD VIDEOCARD 6970 MSI LIGHTNING)Do not buy this game if you have AMD videocard. ♥♥♥♥ you uebisoft."
,Not Recommended,243470,15067273,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,loquee,"Finally got it for the cheaps since I was on the fence after reading lots of reviews.With no big expectations, this game still managed to bore me away within record time.Usually not a problem with open world games, just explore, find interesting stuff and admire the beauty of this multi million dollar level design effort. My final mistake was to do so in a fire truck and after ramming every singe car for 15 minutes in a game world that is defined by surveillance without any effect, besides some smoke that this reality bending invincible autobot was probably just blowing to convince me of something, I had to quit.This is not the open world game you are looking for.Play Driver San Francisco instead!"
,Recommended,243470,11868303,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Irish,Best lag simulator 2014.10/10 would stutter again.
,Not Recommended,243470,10343969,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,lthatch,"While it may appear to have all the trappings of all things fancy and new alongside a new generation, Watch Dogs still feels desperately enamoured in the past. For the lofty heights the potentially awesome setting could deliver, the game feels mired in tropes, gameplay ideas and concepts thoroughly explored in the previous generation. Contrary to the fantastic trailers, most of your hacking skills are only useful in avoiding the cops, rather than opening up any interesting new gameplay ideas outside of that open-world staple. Darting around from camera to camera, raising cover and moving objects starts off as a cool concept in fighting arenas, but soon becomes tiresome, and it's often easier (and more enjoyable) to engage in a full frontal assault with the cacophony of guns and explosives given to you (the shooting is right up there with any other game, thankfully). It doesn't help that most of the game's missions usually follow one of those two structures. The supposedly emergent crime intervention feels horrifically contained, usually solved with a well-timed sprint towards the confrontation, or spending a minute or two running down a person down an open road.The story, while starting strong with an engaging initial premise(the move to protect the broader family instead of a partner for Aiden makes is clever, considering the insular nature of an revenge-obsessed hacker), falls apart as the game progresses. Pacing is all over the place, and the game is in desperate need of a harsh edit; most missions seem to only exist in order to pad the game to the supposed open-world minimum length of 20 hours, and the game doesn't close half of the threads it opens. Characters are introduced and disposed on a whim, desperately lacking depth and adequate examination, and the game doesn't say nearly enough of worth around it's themes of interconnection, corporate control and trans-humanism.Visually, the game shines at night, creating a wonderful atmosphere in the rain-coated streets of a well-realised Chicago metropolis. Otherwise, the game looks fine, with good-looking animation and characters, even if the mid-west environments look a little bland and flat in the midday sun. Though I didn't run into any issues with it, loads of people say that the game runs like absolute balls on their PCs, which is something to be aware of if you’re looking to purchase the game through Steam/uPlay.If you're looking for just another open world game in the vein of a Grand Theft Auto, you'll find even more of it inside Watch Dogs. Manage your expectations, and you'll probably have a pretty good time. But there's promise for something fresh and exciting here, and it's pretty disappointing to have it do so little with an awesome premise and impressive technology. Hopefully the inevitable sequel will do a better job."
76561198039824977,Recommended,243470,10263965,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,FellGlint,Stole a guys football and he ran away.10/10
,Recommended,243470,23833380,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,atSly,I got reported for hacking while playing a game about hacking.10/10
,Not Recommended,243470,10285535,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Sithious,"FOR THE LOVE OF GOD DO NOT BUY THIS GAME! Im actually begging you not to if your considering it, Ubisoft really screwed up on this one, it's not going to be hard to tell you why. If you don't want to read a book on the terrible things about this game skip to the bottom.This game has been a utter dissapointment and waste of time right from the start, it dosen't live up to a single bit of it's hype. It's pretty much GTA or Saints row but take out everything that made those games fun and then make the protaganist boring as hell and useless and boom you have this game, press Q to get rich and make random stuff happen around you that dosen't actually mean anything. They could have done so much more with the hacking but they didn't, its just there, randomly you press Q, it dosent mean anything, it helps in car chases, but ultimatly hacking♥♥♥♥♥♥isen't going to help you at all, running and driving around is 85% of the game, yea i did that in GTA and saints row but at least it was fun in those games!Got a bad computer? Got a decent computer? If it isent a GTX titan with 16gbs of RAM, i7 core, running on SSD and you don't have a super good internet connection lmao good luck with this game buddy, it chugs like hell even with high setting for me and my rig is still pretty powerful, GTX 680 oc, stable internet, decent i5 core and 8Gbs of fast RAM and I can only run this game with medium textures, everything else on high not ultra and the anti aliasing down low and it still barely gets to 50 frames, it looks decent but that just ruined my experiance right from the get go becuase im a graphics ♥♥♥♥♥ and the whole time im playing this im just wishing I could have the graphics on max, I don't think Ubisoft even know what optimization is.Don't even get me started on how awful the online gameplay is, it's useless and broken, it's a horrible experiance every time, I either can't find the hacker no matter where or look the hacker finds me like nothing, nobody knows what to do most of the time, nobody knows where to go, most of the time your just going to lose connection to the other player and end up with -nothing- so yea it's a total joke, don't even touch multiplayer unless you just want to waste more of your time in this lame excuse for an expensive AAA title.Have fun dieing alot as well, even on normal diffculty about 5 shots and your gone, boom dead, even with the armour upgrade on, so you can imagine how infuriatingly easy it is to die when you take on like 10 guys at once sometimes better armed then you with really good aim constantly flanking you, yea that's totally fun. Fall from a small height? oh yea dead apprently. Wanna use your enviroment to take out some guys like the devs make you so excited about? Well have fun with that because there is nothing effing around to help you when you need it, even Bioshock infinate did a way better job at that with tears.I wish I could say something good about this game I really do... but it's one of those game that sucks you in with hype and stuff that seems cool in your mind, steals your money and then tosses you a peice of junk that dosen't deliver what you thought it would. Ive played like what 20 hours so far? Still haven't been able to have much fun as much as ive been trying, there has only been tiny cool moments that barely make up for the endless frustration and bullcrap this game dishes out, I wanna stop playing but now I need to get my moneys worth out of it *sigh*I can only manage to give it a 4 out of 10, consistantly frustratingly awful, dull, unexciting, lacking features and inspiration, brings nothing to the table, dosent make you care, seems more repedative then other Ubi titles due to every side mission being so painful to get done, bad mouse control, bad game performance. Spend your money on something else and grab this game 'legit' if your curious, this will not be worth your time I promise you especially if you were hyped about it. Ubisoft, I am dissapoint, please for the love of god stick with♥♥♥♥♥creed, you don't even have much competetion in that area of game genre so you can't technically fail as bad as this."
,Not Recommended,243470,10263850,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,AA,"One of the most overhyped games there has ever been:- One of the worst driving mechanics I have ever seen- Gunplay is not fun at all- UI is extremely clunky; No mouse cursor appearing In most of the menu's.- Framerate drops are HORRENDOUS especially when driving (on ANY graphics options - Low, Medium, High, Ultra)- Pop In of resources is awful, especially noticable when driving when cars, people and even lamp posts pop in directly infront of your face- To hack things; arguably this games biggest ""feature"" you press Q.  That is it.- Crashes, crashes everywhere.- Game is overall, In my opinion bland and boring.- Can mow down 40 people on the street in a car, no cops will appear.  You can shoot someone in the face, no cops will appear.  You can steal someone's car...Watch out for those cop helicopters!- OH!  All of this only applies if you can actually manage to sign in to Uplay, by the way.  If not then good luck!"
,Recommended,243470,25238658,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Reanimate,"Watchdogs is a mixed bag, but is ultimitely is a good game to me. I enjoy it despite its setbacks, and there are some big ones. But first, let's go over what is good. (Note: I beat this game on PS3, so my playtime is about 5-6 hours more)PositivesThe biggest thing I love about this game is the hacking. It's original and unique compared to games like GTA. It's done well, and is executed in a clever way, though I wished there were more actual hacking actions you could do. The open world of Chicago is large and done well with great detail and a little bit of variety. The cover system is smooth, and the guns are easy to shoot and control, and sound nice, which is always good when you're murdering people. There's also great animations. Aiden, the protagonist, has difference animation sets when he's out of combat and in combat. There's fun street games like the ball and cup game, which I get addicted to playing after I start playing. The story missions are pretty good, and are the best part of this game, my notable favorite being the prison mission.NegativesUnfortunately, that's about where it stops. Now it's time for the negatives. The worst thing a PC game can have is unopimization, and this game suffers from that. I am past the recommended specs, yet I only get around 40 FPS with dips into the mid 30s when I'm maxed out. I have to lower everything down to High and Medium, sometimes Low, to get a stable 55-60 FPS, which is  frustrating. There was even some graphical downgrades, and it's still this laggy? Luckily, I run a mod that re-enables graphical effects that were disabled due to downgrading and even adds some graphical enchancements. It's calledTheWorse Modif you're interested. Anyways, back on topic. The main protagonist, Aiden, is rather dull and shallow. You never really learn about his past except for what the game's story is based off of. I barely cared about him the whole game. He's just some dude in a trench coat that can hack things. That's about it. The side missions feel more like padding and are very repetitive. The gang hideout missions are great, but the others aren't, and are the main side missions that repeat in formula very often. The driving in this game is stiff and slippery. You'll find yourself slamming walls early on. Even when you get the hang of it, you'll still slam into walls every now and then. GTA V is extremely superior when it comes to driving. The story is average, and the ending is abrupt.SummaryAlthough there are more negatives than positives, I still think this game is worth iton a sale!It's fun, and I enjoyed it the whole way through. I got the complete edition of this game, which includes the season pass and deluxe edition content during the Summer Sale 2016 for $14, which is actually a steal. That's a VERY good price.Should you buy it?On a good sale, especially one like mine!"
,Recommended,243470,26523350,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,idea,"The game is OK. Cool idea behind it. Other than that, I'd say the rest is pretty average.A bit unhappy about it not letting me choose a language to play in (language locked).Game uses Uplay, which isn't too bad, but you need to make an account on it. After that the DRM isn't too intrusive."
,Recommended,243470,14814319,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,ZirMc,"After putting in a few hours, I would have to say that the game is all together average. So far I am not too far in to the story, so I can't really say it is in any way gripping, but it has me semi engaged, but nothing major. Gameplay seems like a cross between GTA meets Assassins Creed meets hacking by pressing X. It does none of those particularly well, but it keeps you satisfied enough for a while.Missions seems repetitive and a copy paste of each other, with no more changes than the dialoge going on the background. Usual recipe is start by sneaking in to place, end up being discovered and fight some enemies. Usually the last part say fight or escape, but my experience is the easiest thing is to fight until you have thinned their ranks enough to be able to sneak out. There are slight variances, like all together sneakingWhile I can understand the rage of people getting it at release, at full price, it is still a somewhat playable game. It is in all aspects average, but is still worth a buy if you get it cheap enough."
,Recommended,243470,31513348,Posted: 2 May,all,F4rseeR,"Ever thought what the Marvel's Punisher would be like if he knew all about hacking and operated in an exploitable smart city? Ever wanted to get the traffic going when you were speeding your car in an open city? How about knowing everything about everyone, all at a touch of a button?Watch_Dogs aims to provide such an experience, under the formula of most Ubisoft titles: protagonist is hardened by a traumatic experience, driven towards revenge with a mix of stealth and guns blazing while the interesting female NPCdiesat some point. Oh, it all takes place in an open world filled with all sorts of collectibles, side-quests and mini games.However, there's more to that. Hacking all sorts of devices opens all kinds of possibilities never really seen in an open world.  Changing traffic lights, raising and lowering bridges at will, blowing pipes, listening to people's conversation to find out hidden stashes or potential crimes is a power that places you above all and still doesn't take away from the feeling of being 'real'. There's no fantasy in the story of Aiden Pierce and there's not much to tell either, as he is the sort of silent protagonist which employs other characters to bring energy to his life. The city of Chicago is shown as somewhat colorless and the people's AI is as dumb as everywhere. Half of the time they jump in front of your car to evade it, when running they can get in the way and the police suffers of the same problem: they give up on looking for you when you exit the perimeter.  However, they can't be fooled by changing cars and hiding can take a lot of time to have them give up searching for you. Still, having the police on your tail can be entertaining provided you have all the hacks unlocked: neutralizing cop cars by turning the city against them and disabling helicopters by using your smart-phone is one of the moments that make the game shine.On his own, Aiden Pierce, the fox vigilante, is a cold, quiet and menacing man which has a hard time being closed to what remains of his loved ones and an even harder time to make new friends when he needs them . You could say he is Batman, but in a trench coat and no problems what-so-ever of killing people. As a hacker in a smart city and a man trained to fight and shoot, he is of interest to many key people and has a habit of showing all parties that he is capable and can make do without them. Then again, he does show having a heart from time to time, trying to say thank you and doing all the dirty work as a means to clean the city.Most of the plot is him dealing with a complication done by an old acquaintance, looking for the right people which have the answers he is looking for and on the sidelines taking care of other people's business. Can't say it falls short, as it's length is moderate and it does have it's fair share of memorable moments and characters, but they all feel somewhat constricted of Aiden cool demeanor and his refusal of cooperation with every character that stands out. Compared to the second game, this story involves more mature character with some darker stakes and conclusions.Just like in any Ubisoft games, there are plenty of things to do. Getting the negatives out of the way, being a completionist doesn't provide much beyond some skills you can do without and special missions which are generic as the rest. Some of the mini-games can be nice time killers and taking out gangs is in my opinion the most entertaining side missions, as the stealth blends nicely with the level design without being overly challenging. There's a reputation system in place, which shows how the media perceives you and with it, the people. Saving people from crimes and not killing civilians(like running them over) can get quite the praise... in the credits bonus screening. Even though the police is mentions to show some appreciation, they'll still swarm you when a civilian calls the emergency due to hearing gun fire.Hacking some citizens will enable you to extract their money from ATM's, money which can be used to buy guns, ammo, different crafts and trench coats, if you care for cosmetics. The better hacks however, are the ones that take control of the city. Blowing up steam pipes, raising bars, changing light, view layouts through cameras or everyone's favorite, making a wide area black out are all spectacular things which don't lose their charm and make me wish the rest of the game would have been more. Not better, but more.All in all, it is a good game, but like most people, there is a feeling of a downgrade, even without watching that E3 demo. Playing through it to the end, one can't help but feel that it could have been more, perhaps something even that would threaten the Grand Theft Auto series position on the throne of urban open worlds. Watch_Dogs contains some neat concepts that some that even in this gen, they might be truly brought to life in the next generation. What could have been dozens of hours or pure awesome is yet another ""just good"" game that gameplay-wise shows potential and holds a dark story that could have used some more contour.To make things clear, buy it on sale and expect something that should take 15-30 hours of your time, some original and entertaining mechanics that are balanced by the basic ones being bland and a typical noir story. Not the masterpiece that it should have been, but still a good game on it's own right."
,Not Recommended,243470,10275092,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,hardeh,"Pros:Decent gameplayDecent storyDecent multiplayerCons:UCantPlay - frequent downtimes of their awful DRM service. Impossible to play without it.Poor optimization, especially for AMD. Huge memory leaks.Poor controls - locked mouse acceleration, non-intuitive vehicles drivingZero day DLCs - content that must be in original game requires moneyCan't say that game totally sux - i had fun. But with all that knowledge, i doubt that i'll preorder something from ubisoft ever again."
76561198083171895,Not Recommended,243470,10258184,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Samurai Jack,its unfinished
76561198080594640,Not Recommended,243470,10837787,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,monzoco,Do not buy this game! This is exactly what happens when a game is completely over hyped! The game crashes and makes you start from scratch and the side missions become completely repetative. Do not buy. Probably most useless 7 hours of my life. Serious Dissapointment
76561198120603844,Recommended,243470,10254890,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Juán Cartmenez,"I have really enjoed playing this game so far and i am only 4 hours in. Many people have been giving this game negative reviews but i am currently loving it. I am aware of the fact that some people are suffering constant crashes and bad frame rates but I am having none of these. I find the storyline rich and in depth and I love the hacking in it.Once patches have been released fully optimising this game for AMD cards/prossecors then I think that the people who brought the game and it hasn't worked for will really enjoy it.My personal opinion on this game is that it is an amazing work of art and i find that the way that every civilian has a story and how you can hack into their life is just great. I also love the guns and the mechanics behind them, you can tell alot of thought and detail has been put into making each gun just right and not too overpowered. The AI in the game are very iteractive and smart which is nice to see because in most open world games every civilian is the same. I have also have had some very funny moment on the game where I hacked someones phone and ended up reading a message which said: ""I spread my bumcheaks infront of the child."" (check my screen shots)I find it a real shame that you have to launch the game through U-play because I strongly dislike the U-play interface and the way the cloud stroage works and the fact that because I brought the game through steam I expect to be able to launch it through steam.In conclusion, I have found this game amazing but it's a real shame it hasen't worked for everyone and hopfully ubisoft will notice this and release a patch soon.UPDATE: Well i thought this game was good untill I lost all of my save files 2x. All of my progress has gone and I am really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off about it. Also it seems to be impossible to find an online match and I believe this has something to do with the ubisoft servers but it is very annoying as my friend and  I have been trying to play a online freerome match together and it just hasen't worked."
,Recommended,243470,10261299,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Lasheen,"Game is awesome, once you pass the first mission the one where you have to repeatedly try to log in to UdontPlay servers."
,Not Recommended,243470,25464385,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Mr. Gepardas,"This is not a PC game, the mouse controll (movement) in this game is just awful. I really hope that whoever was in charge of PC controls in this game got fired. In this game the mouse acceleration seems to be working in negative way (the faster you move your mouse the slower it will go), this makes the game almost impossible to play(aim accurately at enemies or react quickly to enemy fire). Furthermore the aim assist is forced, which makes aiming with mouse at enemies even worse. Another issue with mouse control is random slowdowns/speedups, which make you miss even more shots. It's like the game shows you the middle finger everytime you try to use a mouse. The only way to play this game is with a controler, which defeats the purpose of even playing a third person shooter on PC. And yes I did try all the available fixes online, like editing the config file, it just doesn't work, the aim with mouse in this game doesn't feel right at all."
76561198075452057,Recommended,243470,30888634,Posted: 1 April,all,/\\ Garrus (touchscreen fail!),"C:\users\STEAM\Watch_Dogs\hack.exe  E:\users\DEDSEC\compute\00010101010111011001.htmlMECHANISMSHacking into softwares right and left is your way to success.Save people's lives is a good way to go; You can't lay down automatic fire everywhere as in GTA if you want a bright reputation.Boats! Boats! Boats! Boats are a good, immersive mechanism in the game as the game focuses mainly on hacking into softwares.Weak health is quite an annoying mechanism but it gives immersion.Hacking trains! It's awesome to have the ability to hack trains! Makes getting around a stroll in the park. Just hack a train and get into one of its carriages, then hack it again to go. Eee-Zee! it's possible to use the train with the {USE}-key to make it act as a rapid-transit.PRO'sImmersive map with an interesting traffic tunnel.Boats.Rarer cars.Car detailing i.e. some old cars have small dents everywhere.Electric cars!CON'sWeak health.No airplanes.Weird-handling cars.OVERALL: Quite good!"
76561197998872039,Not Recommended,243470,10256532,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Vapid,"Pointless, can't even get past UPlay to have it constantly crash on me."
,Not Recommended,243470,12724994,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Neo_182,"The game itself is okay.As it turns out , i pre-ordered this game and it'll be the last pre-order i ever do.The support for this game is non-existant.Very poor performance even with the later patches (if you even want to call them that..)UBI disabled a user created shader modification that would increase graphic quality.Shortly after release , DLC was released all the while the game was barely playable on high end systems of any kind.If this is the direction UBI titles are taking - You will be losing me and many others as customers.Get your act together Ubisoft."
,Not Recommended,243470,10830200,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,ufmastodon,"It's a Ubisoft game, so it's badly optimised for PC and uses sandbox as an excuse to not have an engaging character or storyline. Truly average in every sense of the word.Still the Division looks nice..... atm."
76561197993270139,Not Recommended,243470,10254586,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,SilverBlade,I hate Uplay so much. Steam needs to ask a specific confirm before selling games with Third-party DRM. Total bs.
76561198100572427,Recommended,243470,23438512,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Rocket,+good story+vast world+gameplay is fun+plenty of content+multiplayer is fun-protagonist sucks-meh graphics-Uplay-not much variety in missions-they killed my fav character-Uplay
76561198007727750,Not Recommended,243470,10856802,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Turblin,The best part of this game is when you finally decide to stop trying to fall in love with the pure mediocrity of the entire product.
,Recommended,243470,30660067,Posted: 21 March,all,JAC-MAT-HAG,Not a must buy. I consider it slightly above average.
,Recommended,243470,10267504,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,burgerman64,Hacked the bank account of a man who frequently purchases sex toys 11/10
76561198062371833,Not Recommended,243470,10253129,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Mr.Android,"Update 30.05.2014:I could get an i7 4770K + additional 8GB RamMy specs are now:i7-4770k @ 3,5Ghz16 GB RamPalit GTX 780 Super Jetstream 3GB VRamA beast I would say...The game really runs better but not perfect. FPS are between 45 and 70 fps on high and ultra. If it drops from 70 to 45 you recognize the drop. There is really no difference in performance regarding high and ultra textures.When driving the performance could also be better, FPS are sometimes around 30. Ubisoft should focus on pc gamers and adapt it to the consoles and not the other way...You can imagine that fps among 30 (sometimes even lower when driving) and 70 are no fun.6 hours of gameplay just for testing the settings...Update:I got an i5-4750 with 3,6 Ghz, 8GB Ram. The CPU is working with just 50%, when I'm playing it on high or ultra. That can't be the problem. If I use the ""auto-detect""-utility of Watch Dogs for best graphic settings, it also recommends everything on ultra...Original message:Don't buy this. I really regret it. It's just a bad port. I got a Palit GTX 780 Super Jetstream equal to the Titan but I have framerates between 30 and 50 fps. It doesn't matter whether I set low graphic settings or high settings or turn AA off/on, same thing with resolutions. Framerate is always bad. It's getting even worse when running or driving a car.Moreover there are graphic bugs. When it's stormy and there are bolts, there are black ""beams"".It seems that Ubisoft hasn't tested it for the PC.Six another months for developing and improvement but you don't recognize it. I will change this review, if there will be any patches which fix this. At this moment, I just want my money back. I will never pre-order a game from Ubisoft.Btw.... Graphics are just average. Nightime and special effects are looking good."
,Not Recommended,243470,14556694,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,grumpymoose,"This is a game that made so many promises that I spent far more time than I should have looking for those things in the game. Much of what it promised I never found, what I did find was often less than it was made out to be or not explained well, or just blatantly untrue at some points.Still, mechanically, once you iron the bugs out, there are tons of them, it's a mechanically sound game, but it's kind of dull. The concept isn't dull, so I don't really know why it turned out that way. The issue extends to the story and characters, sterile methodical and by the numbers, the lifeless dialogue and characters you can't get attached to make what little the game has going for it . . . kind of not worth it.Still, where I had the most fun, the multiplayer, it works, when it works, but like so much multiplayer of this kind it just doesn't have a lifespan. The base game needed to have more meat, take more risks and just needed to be more memorable and the multiplayer? I could do without it, but if it's going to be there, someone needed to take far more advantage of what the concept promises."
76561197985416303,Not Recommended,243470,10253964,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Clint Beastwood,Ubisoft can suck my ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,243470,10258054,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Split Cock! Cheese,"This game is literally unplayable. For me to get a decent frame rate, I have to turn all of my settings either off or low when I can run BF4 on max settings. As soon as I want to drive somewhere, the game immediately drops to under 20 frames per second. The game is worse than when dice released battlefield 4. As of right now this game is not worth buying and will not be until the game optimization bugs are fixed."
76561197993522315,Not Recommended,243470,10255045,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Assassinkiller85,"very disappointed, waited so long for this game, spent 40 pounds and cant even play it!! very nice ubisoft!!!"
,Recommended,243470,10257016,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,RedMist,1/10....no dogs to watch
,Not Recommended,243470,10253114,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,💦Splunge💦,"I was pretty hyped for this one, seeing how the previous Ubisoft games were well optimized and enjoyable, at least for me, but then this game came along and ruined my expectations. I meet the requirements to play it on at least medium graphic settings, but even so it's a laggy unstable mess of a game. Don't get me wrong, the idea behind it sounds like a blast, but with poor car handling, confusing missions, and a laggy experience regardless of pc specs, the fun just fades away and you're left with a badly optimized piece of garbage. Save your money, or at least wait for more patches to come out. It's CoD Ghosts all over again."
76561198120365698,Not Recommended,243470,10256577,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Rim job master,Best part of the game not ♥♥♥♥ing playing it and wasteing 60$ hell yeah IGN-10/10 Game Informer-10/10
,Not Recommended,243470,10255550,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Raptorman,"The most overhyped game of 2014 for sure, the game is just boring and the missions are repetitive. the driving almost ruins the whole game and the reputation system it's just weird, it takes ages to get some good reputation, but because of the horrible driving, you'll most likely hit a pedestrian every few seconds."
,Not Recommended,243470,10255663,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Skexer,"Wow. Watch_Dogs. A game that you will enjoy by starring at the Uplay popup screen indefinitely, unable to log in, activate and enjoy this overhyped game. While our mates over at 'the bay' get to enjoy the game already, us honest customers are rewarded with a crappy DRM Service that isn't even functional/ won't even work. Even though a 'massive run' on this game was to be expected, one would think that a AAA Game developer like Ubi could cope with the large demand or hurry to solve the situation.well..... for now I will enjoy this wonderfull mind blowing game by starring at the Uplay login screen, unable to play.Wait... Uplay??More like UDONTPlay!PS: @Ubisoft are your servers running on ctOS? If so, try to contact Mr. Aiden Pearce and ask if he is responsible for this.^^I'm sorry but for now, I cannot recommend this game."
76561198003004240,Not Recommended,243470,10253992,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,david.ian.barr,"uPlay, wow.  I have had issues with Ubisoft's nonsense once before in relation to another title but I had hoped they had fixed it.  I could not play it for 2 days after buying it due too their servers being overloaded.What a farce.  Once I could launch it, creating a new game causes a crash to desktop, or even a blue screen of death.  Incidentally, the first time I have seen one of these for about 6 months.  Good job.  It seems most BSOD issues seem to be a problem with AMD cards.  AMD released a driver update that worked around this, and now I can play.There is no two ways about it, this game was massively overhyped.  Most of the graphical fidelity that you saw on the demonstrations and teasers is gone.  The graphics aren't bad, but not as good as I, and everyone else was expecting.  The performance is terrible.  My machine is a high end gaming rig, but even on medium settings, there are huge frame rate drops, at busy times, like car chases, as low as less than one frame a second!Other than this, the game is actually average to okay.  Lots of variety, a novel game mechanic (but this gets old quickly)...Wait until the game is playable and the price drops before buying it!"
,Recommended,243470,30782401,Posted: 27 March,all,Shark0603,"I don't care what people say, I like it. It may have downsides, but I still had fun."
,Not Recommended,243470,13042739,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,GalacticMeta,"I bought it the day after it came out, and it was a disaster for everyone. As a Chicagoan seeing all of the trailers and the view of the skyline from Millenium Park (in-game), I expected a realistic map of Chicago. Besides the view from Millenium Park, nothing is the same as the real city. The game places Chicago on a few small islands with mountains all around it besides the one suburb in the game. The suburb (I can't remember what its called) is much too country-ish considering the Chicago area's urban crawl radiates from the city. There aren't mountains anywhere near Chicago, either. The game's ""South Side"" isn't really a spectacle, either.As many other people have pointed out, the graphics didn't live up to their hype either. The skyscrapers should be casting long shadows over the streets, but instead, the sun shines over the whole city! At E3, Ubisoft presented remarkable graphics and shaders.Other than that, the game lacked features that many people call essential. For one thing, there is only one save slot, and within that save slot is both your data for offline AND online play. This means that you could have maxed out everything in both, and upon restarting the campaign, you lose all of your online progress as well. You also cannot replay missions without going through the entire rest of the campaign again. Additionally, there is no console or modding ablility to resolve the game's issues.As an added bonus, the campaign is exceptionally... short. Once again, the advertising was misleading. I expected a long story about cracking down on human trafficking and illegal drug use, but instead it follows a guy killing everyone in his path to avenge his family's murder. The side missions are all cookie-cutter copies of the same thing in different locations around the city, and they all provide similar benefits. Earning money is incredibly easy in this game, too. Just walk up to someone, hack their bank account with just a few short clicks, then collect their money from the nearby ATM. There are no downsides to this, unfortunately. The CPD and Blume don't have any way to track you down, so you get away with it every time.Now, I might as well list some of the positives. The Chicago Police Department is relentless, and their use of CtOS allows them to track you across the city. For this reason, you must have a fast car. However, if you want a quick getaway, just steal a boat and sail out into the middle of Lake Michigan. You'd think a port city would have police boats, but they don't. The hacking puzzles were fun as well. I wish there were more of them in the game. Finally, there are some parts of the map that provide pretty, scenic views. The campaign missions, despite the shallow story, were pretty fun as well. I especially liked hacking CtOS substations and sneaking out of Cellular Field.In conclusion, the game was fun, but lacked many things that could have made it worth buying such as a realistic map, the E3 graphics, a better story, multiple save slots, and moddability. While Ubisoft did a good job at implementing unique gameplay elements, they could have done a lot more with it. If I were you, I'd wait for the PC release of GTA V in 2015."
76561197968893251,Not Recommended,243470,10849938,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,TOT,where is my CD key?
,Recommended,243470,28120111,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,EGOIST,Not the best story but still a great game !
76561197970750409,Not Recommended,243470,10258836,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Deathwish,"God damn it, how did I not catch that this is a Uplay game.  Had I noticed this I would have never bought this.  That piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥platform is always malfunctioning, constantly updading god knows what and crashing left right and center.  Not to mention having to constantly log in each time as it refuses to remember credentials.  Based on that alone, DO NOT BUY THIS GAME.  Nothing is worth putting up with this Ubisoft piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥.."
,Recommended,243470,24395662,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,InZertz,"You may think he's hacking on that phone of his, but really, he's playing Pokemon GO."
,Recommended,243470,24231618,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Avi..,"Great gamePros:Story - 8/10Graphics with worse mod 1.0 - 9/10Cons:Release Date: 27 May, 2014 and still broken ._."
76561198045607830,Not Recommended,243470,14876373,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,hunding,"I can't load this game. My computer meets the specs, but in the two hours I've tried to load this game, it's crashed my computer 7 times requiring re-boots. Only once did it load into the actual playable game, and then crashed my computer as soon as I opened up the menu. The support is of no help, and it's now a $50 virtual paperweight.UPDATE: I have an entirely new computer, which is able to run the game with no problem, except that the game, well, sucks. As many others have noted, it's highly derivative and has extremely narrow timing margins on missions, along with dreadful acting, especially for the protagonist, though some of the NPCs are interesting characters. And the PC controls are lame, thanks Ubisoft.Others have said the story line is poorly written. This doesn't come close to describing it. It goes from one barely intelligible plot line to another one without any connection, and has leaps that beggar belief, such as someone calling you moments after you've killed them,  I felt insulted by the end. Also, it's dreadfully racist and sexist: all black people in it are bad; equally there are no female villains and the only female characters are there to be protected by the man, or to help the men, or to be abused by men, not being humans in their own right. And there's no ability to make meaningful choices, being fully, and badly, scripted. I can't count how many times the dialogue or situation implied multiple options, only to be restricted to one, and rarely a sensible or desirable one.Don't buy it."
76561198027360047,Not Recommended,243470,10252177,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,VladTheLad,"Would avoid buing the game at launch, Game running on the lowest settings with framerate of 12-21 at most times and every so ofter drops down to 2-5 fps. I'm running the game with AMD FX8350, Nvidia GTX 770 3GB, and 8GB RAM.Disappointing..."
76561198000861562,Recommended,243470,10427159,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Z0mBi3,"Watch Dogs launched with some performance issues on PC that cause serious stuttering and lag on some systems. Ubisoft is still working on a patch to iron out those problems. However, if you're lucky like me and can run the game on ultra without any stuttering or lag, it's quite amazing. The game is gorgeous looking, the water textures (obviously inspired by Assasins Creed) is great. Chicago looks very much alive and captures the city very well. The story is about Aiden Pierce, a hacker. His niece is killed and he seeks revenge. Even though the story is flat it kept me playing. I mean why does Aiden kill a bunch of civillians and causes chaos in the city if he is suppose to be a hero? It doesn't really make sense. It feels like Aiden causes way more trouble then the actual gangs and mob does. For me it's not a big problem but for the people that expected Aiden to be a hero, this might be a big disappointment. Driving is my biggest problem in the game and the lack of melee combat. The driving physics is not realistic and smashing into someones car doesn't give you that satisfying feel as in gta. Multiplayer hacking and racing is really fun and innovative. Chicago have a ton of side activities to do like chess, digital trips, gang hideouts and racing. The voice acting is really good in Watch Dogs and all characters is fun in some way, thats probably what made the story interesting even though the plot falls flat. Watch Dogs will probably get a sequel and if they improve the driving until then and add things like a melee system, I think It can be really good. Just look at Assasins Creed 1 and 2, the second game is much more fun and improved in almost every way. Hopefully thats the future for Watch Dogs too. For now the game is good, but not great. I would still recommend you too pick it up if you can run it on your machine!"
76561198075387925,Recommended,243470,10499068,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,The Omnipotent Potato,"Going to keep this short and simple. Does not live up to the hype, but all in all is still a really fun game."
,Not Recommended,243470,12482100,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,The Mad Cunt Of Christmas,"I'm extreamely schitzophrenic about this game.First off, it runs via Uplay. Instant boner kill, nothing I hate more than the Uplay client, although its not too bad when you know, you can actually log in.Watch_Dogs had a massive hype train, and the graphics we were promised looked incredible. The concept of being able to hack your surrounding environment sounded amazing taking player/surroundings interactivity to a new level. (No, i'm not going to scream LEVELUTION!!!11!)However two hours into the game you realise very quickly that you've exhausted the hacking diversity of the game. Hackable entities are far more limited than expected and grow extremely repetative. There's only so many times that its funny to make Blockers arise from the ground like you're a ♥♥♥♥ing wizard (harry) to destroy the hilariously naive policeman chasing you.And the driving, holy♥♥♥♥♥♥the driving is terrible. None of the cars have any traction whatsoever and you aren't able to shoot from your car as one would expect, resulting in a fairly bland experience when in a car chase. There isnt an awful lot of intensity chasing a high value targer when neither you nor them can fire at each other, leaving you to rely purely on hacking exploitations, giving you the limited choice of eliminating your target by:- Traffic Jam- Blockers- Steam Pipe (Explosion)The combat system is nothing special, yet has some interesting elements. Red Dead Redemption managed to spice up its combat system with Dead eye, New Vegas gave combat the edge with Vats, Skyrim offered a selection of Kill Moves, as well as unique Magic / Shouts. Watch_Dogs's unique combat mechanic is that you are sometimes able to hack objects on enemies to your advantage. For example you can distract them with Text Messages to sneak past, activate explosive devices on their belts, or even cause a blackout which will allow you get up close and personal with your unsuspecting foe. Yet all in all, every Watch_Dogs firefight is the same, copy and paste. Same♥♥♥♥♥♥ different location.The story had a promising start. However the pinacle of the games excitement was reached too quickly, and one certainly feels like they hadn't thought too much about the plot after the first hour. The protagonist, Aiden Pearce is a very uninteresting character. He comes across as just your classic ""detective"" type, who has decided to take on the world because ♥♥♥♥ you. If you like domestic issues and family sob stories, then maybe you'll get a kick out of the campaign, but otherwise, meh. I stand by the suspision that they seriously didn't think ahead with the plot.The only thing that I really do think is perfect in Watch_Dogs, is the Digital Trips feature. These Digital Trips are like mini-games, except each individual trip is like a game in itself. Every single one is heaps of fun, and arguably more fun than the original game. One involves you comandeering a ♥♥♥♥ing Spider Tank that has gatling guns, rockets, and can climb up the sides of buildings. If that doesnt get you horny then you're no child of mine.I feel like Watch_Dogs needed another year or two to polish up. Slow and steady would very possibly have won the race.Would happily pay 20 quid for the experience as aspects of it have been fun. But 40? Getouttaheeeeyaaaa"
76561197982674022,Not Recommended,243470,14881216,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Captain Kermit,"Impossible to use a mouse with this game. I bought it on PC and not XBone because I hate gamepads. Pointless, shouldn't have bothered."
76561198069521133,Not Recommended,243470,10265703,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Big Boss,"Optimized? Nope. Don't waste your money on this, or upgrading your rig as it won't matter. Buggy-chuggy-piece-of-♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,243470,10257848,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Posie,stupid dont
76561198042852499,Not Recommended,243470,10250464,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,KiT,i just want to play it without it crashing :'(
,Not Recommended,243470,10249650,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Ho Chi Sock,This game if Broken. Dont even bother buying it. Its a desgrace to all PC gamers. It practically is insulting us.
,Not Recommended,243470,10252598,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Art,"Ubisoft servers down - Hell no, uplay is totally sure it's your internet.Game is not loading for 80% of buyers - Ubisoft does not give a♥♥♥♥♥♥Never gonna buy more from Ubisoft, 90 Euros right in a dumpster."
76561198111867038,Not Recommended,243470,11981095,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,gary spievey,uplay. uplay killed it.
,Recommended,243470,24485437,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,camXmile,"Surprisingly good game where other players invade your singleplayer game to spy and hack you, which is amusing at first but gets annoying very quickly."
,Recommended,243470,24679411,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Dolphin,"PC Specs:Alienware 15 R2 LaptopIntel Core i7 6700HQ CPU @ 2.6 ghz Turbo Boosted at 3.5 ghz, 4 Cores, 8 Logical Processors8gbs RAMNvidia Geforce GTX 970M 3gbWindows 10 Home~Watch_Dogs takes place in a not-so-distant future version of Chicago. The whole city is wired up by a very vulnerable system called ctOS. ctOS is connected to everything, traffic lights, steam pipes, trains, you name it. There are many hackers that take advantage of the vulnerability of ctOS and use it for their own good. Aidan Pierce is the protaganist, his story is about him trying to find the killer of his neice, Lena Pierce. He goes on an adventure where he meets friends, makes rivals, and makes a name for himself as the Vigilante in the big city of Chicago. And Aidan will do anything to find the killer of Lena, who he loved so dearly.~Pros:Beautiful Graphics (especially compared to console versions)Great StoryHackingMission VarietyCons:Bad PC PortuPlayUneeded/Useless Nudity~Aidan Pierce:Many people dislike the protaganist, Aidan. I've heard people say many different reasons as to why they dislike him such as how grim he is or just him being straight up unlikeable. I personally like him because he fits in with the grim and scary world that he lives in. His story is a good one that many people can relate to (Loss, losing someone).Poor Performance:This is a bad PC port, but it's playable at least. With the GTX 970m 3gb I had frame dips down to 25fps sometimes. It was able to keep to 40fps most of the time though but it never ever went to 60fps, no matter what setting I had put down. uPlay also causes problems with my computer or other games. uPlay made my cursor stop working when trying to play Payday 2, a game that Ubisoft has no involvement with whatsoever. uPlay is also just a piece of crap all around.~In conclusion, Watch_Dogs is a great game that focuses on the topic of loss and a man that wants to avenge the death of his neice. I would rate this game 7/10 on PC. Playable, but could've used more work."
76561198063880454,Not Recommended,243470,10254503,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,ボリス,the worst thing I have ever bought for the money
76561198024337555,Not Recommended,243470,10258186,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,gty14,"Have only played about 2 hours of it, but i cant stand it. worst console port ever. the driving is shody at best the cars feel like they are on a sheet if metal on ice. the controls and camera movment are really hard to use. the only Plus is im running a full amd/ati rig and have had no graphics problems.Was looking so forward to have a good play at this game, looks like just another game to add to the list on not playable :(2/10"
,Not Recommended,243470,12704016,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Chef,Not really worth your money. 6/10
,Not Recommended,243470,23467414,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,LODE,"This is a shining example of how Ubisoft makes games. A lot of crappy content, and almost zero gameplay.This game is objectively overpriced and terrible. It's about 10 hours of gameplay on a loop. Repetitive barely begins to describe the treadmill you will be on. Those first ten hours are okay, I guess.Graphics are terrible and everyone knows the story about how they boosted graphics for E3 then shipped a game crippled for consoles (to the PC!).There were some good ideas in this game but those good ideas were never allowed to develop. The gameplay and concepts are shallow, leaving the player disinterested in what happens next."
76561197972418511,Not Recommended,243470,23450580,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Stuey,"Bought it. Played for 50 minutes. Googled ""Watch Dogs FPS Drop fix"". Returned the game. Honestly, it's not worth the €14.99 I payed for it. FPS was dropping in and around 20fps while driving."
,Recommended,243470,16581889,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,snikeren,"The game has its flaws, sure. Vehicle steering is a ♥♥♥♥♥, things can get repetitive, doesn't live up to the hype (as long as you weren't hyped, it's no biggie), but it's still a bargain during sale. I cannot talk for those without hotshot 1337 noscope computers, but for me it worked fine (even when using 8-9 GB ram after playing for 12 hours).I've had tons of fun playing this game, although I only played it for one (full) day. I found the side missions to be interesting. Before I even immersed myself in the story, I went around to hack people, check out their lives, maybe kill someone I don't like. Then I found a poker game in a basement, and thought: ""Hey, why not?"" Three rounds in, two of the guys went all in, and I couldn't be a ♥♥♥♥♥ so I too bet all my money, and guess who won? That was a fun hour.But the most fun is all the invasions from other players. In-game there is an option to play different online games, and one of those is to hack another player, 1v1. This player doesn't know you're in his/her game until it's too late and you've begun hacking. This starts a download sequence, that takes several minutes, while also pinpointing your location to a circle on the map. This allows the other player to search for and ID you using the cellphone, and kill you. The game offers good hiding methods, so this can be really fun. It's also very fun to be on the opposite side. You're doing your usual, for example playing Shell at a street gambler, when the screen tells you you're being invaded. It can happen almost any time, which makes it very fun. I recently had a long car chase, which concluded by me shooting the other player's brains out.9/11, would hack again"
,Recommended,243470,23174973,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Akka,Not nearly as bad as everyone led me to believe.Granted I only just now played the game so any supposed bugs that got fixed I didn't experience firsthand. Some missions have their annoying hiccups that♥♥♥♥♥♥me off to no end but overall a worthwhile albeit sometimes predictable sandbox crime simulator.PVP is still annoying tho
,Recommended,243470,10263595,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,yes,10/10 would bang in the butt while fapping to the simpsons.
,Not Recommended,243470,23460405,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,dennis.caunce,"I really wanted to like this game, but it has so many annoying features.  It's like it wants to be the new GTA, but it is so far off the mark.  Why does my car vanish everytime I park it?  It's one of those games that you just want each mission to be over and you'll never go back to.  Yeah, I know.  I've only got a couple of hours invested, so I'll give it another try later, but for now it's just too frustrating..."
,Not Recommended,243470,10850390,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Lord Balada,"Looks good at first, but after a few hours you realize that the game sucks.Ubisoft promised a lot of things, but is not ♥♥♥♥ing awesome like GTA."
,Not Recommended,243470,10258328,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Spino,"The game is so intense I mean paying 70$ and then connecting to uplay just to find out the game woent let you play beacuse you have what's it's saying you don't!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! AMAZING (really fix this crap It wont even let me run at low settings can't even start to front screen) But anyway all you need is money for the game and computer would recommend if you have a Gefore GTX graphics card or a good one But any low one I wouldn't recommend. And I think because alot of people hated it is that there was so much hype that if the game wasen't perfect 100% no glitches it would suck.(To all the people that say ""Glad I pirated"" or ""Happy I pirated this game"" So you don't want them to have enough money to make Watch_Dogs 2 Better? Okay Enjoy More Low Money Budget games Watch_Dogs 2 was much better.)"
76561197993631380,Not Recommended,243470,10824570,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,nevik88,"Game sounded promising, but got old real fast. Story is boring, main character is boring, side missions are boring. If you think this is GTA clone you are sorley mistaken. Watch Dogs 2 better have a LOT of improvment. Hopefully Gaben will put a stop to the requiring other game client services also. UPLAY is it's biggest downfall.6/10PRO:GRAPHICS (IF PC CAN HANDLE IT)1V1 ONLINE HACKINGCONS:MAIN CHARACTERSTORYBLAND SIDE MISSIONS (SERVE ZERO PURPOSE AND VERY UNEVENTFUL)GRAPHICS (NOT E3 2013)UPLAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198013027885,Not Recommended,243470,10257803,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,JayPi,"I like the game, but i've grown sick of Ubisoft's♥♥♥♥♥♥ I even got banned from discussions on the game because I chose to play the game ahead of time as opposed to waiting for their lame embargo to lift.I figure if i'm paying $60 - $70 for a product, I should be able to test it or try it before I buy it, especially when they put so much empahsis into pre ordering and pre order bounuses, then I can't know if my pre order is worth holding until after the bounuses are gone, meaning I may get stuck with a game that's not all that great, but I can't tell because...1) No demos2) No Reviews before launch day to tell me other wise.3) U play, because I want to play games I buy, on the platform I use to buy it if I have to have some kind of DRM tied to it.Sure it's easy enough to say ""Just don't pre order the games then!"" , but when exclusive missions in the game, and full hours of gameplay are being taken out because you didn't pre order, I can't help but feel compelled to if I want to experience the full product.Especially when the game is being toated as ""Next Gen!"", when in reality, it's graphics and features are rivaled by a game that came out in 2008 (GTA IV) things like, realistic damage, blood on cars when you hit people, shadows, and more.As I said, the game is pretty good, but I feel like if it were published by a developer like maybe Rockstar, this game would've had so much more polish and I wouldn't have to deal with all this crap.I love Rayman series, and I enjoyed most of the Assassins Creed series, but I honestly believe this may be the last game I buy from Ubisoft for a good while, or at least Day 1/ At full price."
,Not Recommended,243470,10280200,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Dylan,"Without some patching I can't recommend the game, driving seems to be nearly impossible to me, the game really stutters most of the time, even if you stand and just drive 1cm backwards it really dips down to a slow motion/halt.I have an AMD 8core 32Gb RAM and an ATI R9 280X, so this game should run without problems ... :-(edit: it is now playable, seems like they patched something"
,Not Recommended,243470,10298388,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,LowFatMilk,"This game is exactly the same as Assassin's Creed; Ubisoft can't make anything else.Instead of climbing you have minor parkour, instead of swords you have guns and instead of a horse you have cars. The minigames are average at best, and the criminal activities are the exact same outcome/scenario.The graphics are utterly appalling, I have a high-end rig with 1920x1080 resolution that can run games like Rome 2: total War on ultra no worries. This game looks like a 7 year old designed the textures while under the influence of heroin.Not to mention it took me 3 days to actually get the game to work due to Ubisoft's deluded decision to make it run for Nvidia, not AMD.Sure hacking is fun but the novelty wears off quickly. The character is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and gives 0 explanation to why he does anything other than ""they killed my niece"".A pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥poor effort again from Ubisoft considering the delays and hype they made. Only buy this game if you masturbate to hacking."
,Recommended,243470,19920233,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Wet_slappy,Hacking meets GTA and a touch a True Crime. Awesome game!
76561198094806263,Not Recommended,243470,11370118,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Meriore,"It may have not lived up to it's hype (not at all for that matter), but it is still enjoyable? Sometimes, some missions such as one in the club are great. I still have many problems with this game such as pop in, many terrible missions, no shooting in cars for motorbikes, forced stealth sections, bad driving, anoying reputation system, police system, bad story, overpriced, characters are very forgetable (except for a hacker named Defalt), and overall just not enough to even convince me to buy it for $40. Many games you can buy right now are more cheaper and more enjoyable like Call of Juarez: Gunslinger and Saints Row 3 and 4. In general, if you are going to buy this game then wait untill it is cheaper and goes on sale."
,Recommended,243470,10268504,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,[FP] rann @ OPSkins.com,"Watch_Dogs had a rough launch.  The first day two days it was nearly (or entirely) unplayable due to ""Uplay"" being offline or slow due to the heavy traffic.  But since then, I haven't seen any Uplay-specific issues.I'm not really sure why this game is offered through Steam at all, since there are 0 Steam features.  Your friends list can't sync to Uplay, there are no Steam achievements, and the Watch_Dogs launcher just launches Uplay.  ""Yo dawg, we heard you like DRM, so we put DRM in your DRM so you double your downtime.""  I thought I'd be able to easily play against my Steam friends and sneak into their game, but so far I've only been able to hack into random user's games.That said, when the game is working it's quite fun.  Maybe not as cool as all the hype leading up to it, but it's still worthwhile if you're into a GTA-style hacking game.  You can progress your character towards good or evil, which I imagine is a fun dynamic (I've only gone towards vigilante, so I can't say much about that).  The more criminals you help stop, the less likely people are to call you in to the cops.  I've plowed down a dozen civilians while chasing someone down and never saw a cop once.Driving is very forgiving.  You can jump a motorcycle off a building, break through a phone booth and smash into a brick wall without falling off or taking any damage.  Handling is very pleasant on the PC version, and sometimes I find myself driving as fast as I can weaving through traffic just because it's so much fun.There's quite a few mini-games that are quite literally insane.  Like, acid-trip bouncing-on-flowers and over buildings... it seems a bit out of place, but it's a fun diversion from the regular gameplay.Combat is great because you can play stealthy--taking over an enemy compound without being seen at all--or guns blazing.  I wish there was more opportunities to fully complete missions via hacking, but it's designed to be more of an aid than a full solution.  Generally you can take out about 30% of guards in any location before you have to enter.I really hope this game is opened up to the modding community at some point, because there is a huge amount of potential.  It's fun on its own, but man, there could be SO MUCH MORE!(updated 6/12) One note about saved games: The game utilizes an auto-save features that doesn't allow you to do manual saves.  These get synced to Uplay automatically.  There's currently an issue that breaks saved games and prevents them from loading past 90%.  You have to remove your game save files and play offline in order to actually load anything, which removes about half the game's features.  As someone who was working on every side mission and achievement, I've been waiting for over a week for a fix because I don't want to redo 36 hours of play time.  No updates yet, still can't launch the game.  A lot of users are affected and developers have no idea why this happens.Overall: 7/10.  Minus two points for Uplay and other bugs breaking most people's experiences.  Minus one point for fairly weak ""hacking"" (although on a console it's about all you can hope for)."
,Recommended,243470,25737271,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Nicholas,"Watch_Dogs is a bit of a mixed bag.Visually it is impressive, and runs smoothly (apparently there were early problems with the port, but I had no issues).There is plenty of content, both in a solidly written main plot and various sidequests. I enjoyed the writing for the most part, though there is some dissonance between the content and story at times (This evil corporation is evil because it spies on people and invades their privacy. Now go invade people's privacy and get rewards!). The characters (aside from the player character, who is a bit dull and grim) are generally interesting and well voiced.The hacking is quite well implemented, online invasions keep things interesting and the gameplay is satisfying.The biggest downside is that the game doesn't do enough to take advantage of its mechanics. It has a number of clever ways to take out enemies via hacking; that is, after all, the central theme of the game. However, why would you bother spending time luring enemies into positions, setting off carefully-timed explosions, creating distractions to sneak past...when you can just pick them off one-by-one from behind waist-high cover with a silenced pistol? As long as you aren't waltzing around out of cover, the AI will bumble around aimlessly as the bodies pile up in front of them. Once they spot you they offer a bit of a challenge, flanking you and tossing grenades, but it's easy enough to avoid getting their attention.At one point I was meant to guide my sister through a mass of enemies. It should have been a tricky stealth and hacking challenge, but it was so much simpler to just go in and kill them all myself.I also found myself piling up cash and crafting items with absolutely no need to use any of it. Free guns, cars and ammo are everywhere, the gambling minigames are boring and the AI isn't challenging enough to require use of the tools.Still, despite those gripes, it was a worthwhile experience. Hopefully the sequel will build on the solid foundation to take more advantage of the concept."
76561198036498823,Recommended,243470,10274787,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Solanum nigrum,OMFGIt Is SO AWESOME..The whole beginning of the Game alone - the point where you gotta hack into the Uplay Login to get the game startet.Maybe in two or three wekks I can get beyound that piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥and actually take a glim at the real product behind itThanks Ushit!
,Not Recommended,243470,10404410,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Martin Blue™,"I pre-ordered the game, was excited... havent been able to play it yet, nor any other Uplay games... really regretting the purchase atm, cant even say anything about it other then uplay being morons when they bork up their own scervice that much."
,Recommended,243470,20040133,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,TheFang™,"Open world mayhem! I don't get why so many people bash on this game, the attention to detail is evident when free roaming. The port is somewhat mediocre though, I have a Radeon R7 370 and on High I can get around 40-50FPS. There are a few frame drops, ESPECIALLY DURING THE LAST MISSION, (I had to lower my graphics down to low in order to complete it) but throughout most of the campaign they are minor.The world has a LOT to do in it, if you really want to get the whole experience play all the side missions. My play style revolves around being really stealthy and being the tactical ninja so the perfect weapon in my eyes is the Spec-Ops Goblin which you can only receive by doing the side missions.Overall...it's a fairly good game, the port really hurts the experience. Graphically the visuals are nice, installing The Worse mod really just enables a lot of motion blur and doesn't allow you to see as far so I wouldn't recommend it. If you like the Ubisoft Open World Experience, this is the game for you."
76561197971916906,Recommended,243470,30952973,Posted: 4 April,all,mish,I just finished playing through the campaign and found it to be enjoyable.  My only real complaint is that with such an open world the storyline is completely linear with no ability to have any differences in outcome even within a narrow range.
,Not Recommended,243470,10433106,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Edelcast,"Not worth it's money and certainly is not a ""next-gen"" game it claims to be. While it is fun to play for some time the story is kinda boring and you get tired of the game fast. 5.5/10 no replay value."
76561198013724453,Not Recommended,243470,10265476,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Blaze1961,I suggest waiting a month or so for bug fixes and server issues due to being overloaded. Once those two issues are looked at I would then recommend the game.
76561198049946694,Recommended,243470,30750803,Posted: 26 March,all,jasonb8419,So I just picked this up on sale for $10.Gotta say it deff does not live up to the hype they built up before it was released but it deff does not deserve all the negative reviews. So far the story line seems average gameplay is pretty cool and it does not need a great rig to play.I am playing it on an i3 at 3.3 ghz 10gRAM Radeon 6700 card and with the settings on low and some on medium I am averaging 45FPS and the game still looks pretty good. I probably would have been♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥if i paid full price but this game is deff worth a purchase when it is on sale.
,Not Recommended,243470,11540100,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,JDE,I would rather play Ride to hell: Retribution or Bad rats.
,Not Recommended,243470,10258049,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,The Janitor ツ,Is it worth the hype? I think not.
76561198008487548,Not Recommended,243470,10848067,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,C0b4lt,It's an okay game. Little to no replayability in my opinion.
,Recommended,243470,11063460,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Tutant Meenage Neetle Teetles,"the whole internet is SO MAD about this game, you guys. I was totally behind all the anger at first -- why does the game look like a massive dump even on Ultra settings? why is one-button hacking a thing? also, WHAT IS UP WITH THE CAR PHYSICS??? -- but after sinking about 40 hours into the game, I am having a total ♥♥♥♥ing blast with it.Watch Dogs is like a dumb but lovable mutt that tried to pass itself off as a pedigree show dog. appreciate it for what it is, don't go into it expecting a prizewinning animal, and you'll see it's a pretty ♥♥♥♥ing decent game with a lot of content, sweet cars, simple but terribly enjoyable stealth elements, and tons of trivial fun stuff to do. it's a classic Ubisoft game, modeled closely after Assassin's Creed (a franchise close to my heart). interminably slow start! tons of irrelevant collectibles! literally endless repeatable side missions! 500 ugly recolors of the same ugly outfit! beautiful scenery, a city that feels alive (even if it is populated entirely by dough-faced robot people), things to climb, people to kill, and of course Boring White Guy Anti-Hero whose Very Boring Man Pain makes up the backbone of the charmingly absurd and self-serious story. the game is a formulaic anarchic-cyberpunk shooty adventure, not even close to the genre-revolutionizing masterpiece we all expected after its early E3 showings, but its formula is an outstandingly fun and satisfying one.also Clara is so great and the game should have been about her because she is way more interesting than Aiden in basically every respect. Ubisoft pls.I truly love and enjoy this game, despite its flaws, silliness, and occasionally frustrating gameplay mechanics. 7/10"
,Recommended,243470,26668408,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Griff Dongèr,"Decent game if you like side missions to beat a stronghold or a convoy or just find a QR code with a camera. I've having fun with. Looks decent, doesn't run that well on my GTX 1080 though. Not too sure why. Story is a little lackluster. Still in first act though.Edit: I have since beaten the story and it wasn't that great. Kinda boring and bland. Overall, the game isn't that bad. Buy it on sale though."
,Recommended,243470,29134691,Posted: 8 January,all,Chug,"The game is actually okay, I really dont have any problem with the game as a whole. The little things are pretty much what bother me, as well as what feels like a long dragged out story that never seems to ever get interesting, But, the gameplay is solid enough and pacing is okay. Overall its a solid sale buy especially with the DLC which is really good IMO."
,Not Recommended,243470,10260592,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Freyar,"Watch_Dogs is a game that came along with the intent to usher in the ""next generation"" on consoles. While it does well visually in some cases, it doesn't really feel like Watch_Dogs manages to keep itself up to where it was promised.You play as Aiden Pearce, a vigilante (or criminal) with ties to crews that operate online. With a little bit of work you start taking over systems that let you play with the city as you please. Cause an accident by setting all the lights at an intersection green. Cause a pipe under a road to burst, destroy transformers and so on by overloading them to knock out power and give you an opportunity to get away in darkness.While all nice on paper, the true implementation is flawed in a number of key areas. Crashes when messing with a traffic light feels fake as all cars stopped accelerate on a dime and stupidly hit each other (rather than having something appear more natural). Driving in itself is of an arcade variety and with years of physics-based driving due to most modern games it takes a LOT to get used to.  UPlay services are completely unstable right now, and what's worse the adversarial modes can be unstable as well or downright unfair.Visually the game has two polar opposites. It looks stunning at night and in the rain with detailed reflections and a great number of post-processing effects. During the day, the game looks pretty lackluster. Without the shine and lighting from rain and night, surfaces look on par with other ""last gen"" games. There is just something ""missing"" to make it look complete, be it fog or otherwise.All this aside, performance issues in all areas are pretty notable. Drops are very noticeable during driving which is crucial since the controls are so frustrating. Drops also seem to happen during a time change and any other particular thing that may cause something to have to be loaded in memory.  Despite the claim that a CPU like an i7-3770k and a GTX 670 being able to run Ultra, these stutters are pretty aggravating as they're just on the line between wanting to stop because of it but continuing in hopes they won't come back.Multiplayer is alright and shines exceedingly well in tailing and adversarial hacking. The other modes suffer from a huge amount of lag compounded by the open conflict nature of racing and decryption. You will likely find yourself being killed often before managing to spawn in to the match adding in yet more loading time (this problem was present even with an SSD). Latency in combination with shooting, slower movement than other games tends to make the open conflict matches to be far less than fun.The radar in multiplayer makes zero sense as to why or how someone is supposed to be detected, cars started failing to actually be driveable yet remain untouched until you tried and there was a point at which controls became stuck, Aiden only capable of running towards the camera and after that was only able to reverse in any car. These kinds of issues are just absurd to have gotten through.The ctOS companion challenge is interesting, but ultimately seems to have a huge number of issues with connectivity. In the attempts made, only one player was actively engaged but that player looked to be behind by over 30 seconds which resulted in his attempts to stop to be way too late. Losses were a result of failing navigation more than actual interference and ultimately had the same feeling as every other adversarial game mode.One-on-One Hacking and Tailing is absolutely wonderful. The stress building up as you're being watched or hacked is scaled quite well, with decisions becoming more vital the further along the match goes. Do you start mowing down civilians? Do you fire a few shots to scare them off and see who doesn't react?  The cat-and-mouse game is such a wonderful addition and that breaks up single-player. I find myself wishing invasions were more frequent as well as getting into another game much more reliable.Watch_Dogs is a game I really want to be able to like, but with it's online components crippled and unstable, critical issues with controls in multiplayer matches and strange driving mechanics it would be better to wait until after UPlay gets it's act together and Watch_Dogs has a few fixes under its belt."
,Recommended,243470,24014062,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Saibot,"This Guide helped me to play this game on High/Ultra without any Graphical Issues / Framerate drops.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=264593129Short Review:This Game is just a great Experience.+good story+vast world+gameplay is fun+plenty of content+multiplayer is fun+Fun hacking which adds to the gameplay+Lots of skills to be unlocked, giving you a reason to keep playing+Side missions that are possibly better than the main game+- After the Guide i had 0 Issues with the Framerate- Without the Guide -> Framedrops :/- Uplay..."
,Recommended,243470,23599658,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Dandys,"Pros:+Great graphics+Fun hacking which adds to the gameplay+Lots of skills to be unlocked, giving you a reason to keep playing+Side missions that are possibly better than the main game+Parts of the story is greatCons:-Sudden frame drops!(usually when in tunnels or semi-inside areas)-The story is quite terrible and the relations to/between characters feels rushed-""Online invasions"" where people join you and stop your progress-Money gets kinda useless quite fast and if you do side stuff"
,Recommended,243470,33164534,Posted: 2 July,all,NightShade,"I'm a huuuuge fan of the franchise,Comparing Watch Dogs 1 and 2 for anyone wondering the difference.Here's my two cents🏻Pros:-The story was solid.-Much more serious tone.-Actual character development.-Great shot out mechanics.-Can pick up tons of new cards and weapons by stealing them-More difficult fights-Cool focus ability to aim shots-Cool side mini games that actual unlock not necessary but unique weapons, vehicles and abilities-More unlockable hideouts and clues by unlocking towers-Better graphics than 2ndCons:-Didn't have a good soundtrack-Couldn't have shootouts with police or else you lower reputation among citizens(Which results in random people calling police on you)-No replayable arenas that have gangs(Only gang hideout missions which you have to find)-Can't fast travel during missions-Online modes can't be switched out of or ignored and can interrupt when traveling to the start of mission.-You don't get to choose the limited options when hacking someone out of these(Either hack grenades, headset, bank account, or messaging)-Have to craft grenades and other extras through items sparely laid throughout map(mostly in story mode)-Story mode is completely linear-Puzzles are very simplistic and are almost exclusively just hacking and moving around a camera-The Watch_dogs 2 had better graphics and was more of an open world which is what the games were marketed as therefore better. If they marketed the story the 1st Watch_dogs-People were expecting a complete open world which is what the 2nd deliveredBUT most importantly,It's impossible to disable helicopters while driving and nearly impossible while on foot.Which is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥because the helicopter sniper destroys cars extremely fast but it does provide an unique challenge."
,Not Recommended,243470,10440978,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Rekkinator,Good game bad optimization and uplay.
,Not Recommended,243470,23461952,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,ϟϟPvt. Ryanϟϟ,If you're into BDSM and love to torture youself for fun and spend money doing it.This is the game for you.
,Recommended,243470,10277169,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Clubbins,"This is a fun game, open world atmosphere with the ability to hack almost everything around you to use to your advantage. The ability to hack gives the ability to be stealthy, crafty and also very lethal. This game is no doubt fun, but I strongly recommend you do not get it for the PC. It has been poorly implemented and has caused a lot of issues with many people in order to just run the game or get past the broken and awfully made Uplay software. When it comes to software and websites, Ubisoft just don't try, both their website and Uplay software are just plain broken. As to do with gameplay, well on PC it just won't run well unless you have either: a decent computer or the ability to change startup options in a way that doesnt affect gameplay. Can I also just say that driving is quite slippery and the the third person shooting is a bit topsy-turvy when it comes to recoil and just plain aiming.Despite all those things, it's worth playing and totally worth the amount I paid, but I highly recommend you get it on a console than the PC, you'll have a lot less trouble just playing it rather than just having to get it started.For high tech gaming with no major issues or problems, console gamers win this round against PC gamers."
,Not Recommended,243470,18581278,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Pip,It is so boring. So much content but none of each is actually fun to play. Driving is extremely unrealistic and the city feels so...mechanical. Visuals are nothing like advertised in E2012!
,Recommended,243470,23233765,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Mary White,"If you like action, story and hacking this is a game for you. I completed the story and I had fun with it. The story is very vivacious.The open world looks alive and you can hack alot. It's not a game where they say you can hack alot and you can hack only in the storyline missions. No, you also can hack outside of missions. Beware that you have to use Uplay to play this game. If you aren't fine with that. Don't buy it.If you are planning to buy this game, do it in a sale. I bought it for 12 Euro and I think that is worth it. Don't buy it for 30 euro because I think that is to much for this game.My rating:  8/10"
,Recommended,243470,24221043,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,cakekl,"this is a dark game, if you like batman and gta 5 mixed together, you'll like this."
76561198034933299,Recommended,243470,24220233,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,NorvilleBarnes,"A lot of interesting puzzles. Good mix of driving, combat, exploring, problem solving, and leveling. Simply a fun game all around."
,Recommended,243470,31327567,Posted: 23 April,all,ุ  sprayK-47,"While Watch_Dogs recieved a bunch of hate when it came out, I personally believe it was undeserved. This game is amazing and fun, and has a pretty good story all together. Sure, there are faults, and it didn't look exactly like E3, but to be fair, does any game ever come out exactly like the E3 version?I found the main character, Aiden, a tad bit shallow, and couldn't get into his personality that much. However, I understood his reasoning, and was still able to follow the story.I have beaten this game twice already, and while I feel the multiplayer is lacking, the story is definitely worth getting this game for. If you aren't sure about it, wait for it to go on sale and pick it up. It is really fun!"
,Not Recommended,243470,11444847,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,DawnPaladin,"I really wanted to like Watch_Dogs more. I'd been eagerly looking forward to it since the E3 preview back in 2012. Since I was so disappointed by the ending to Assassin's Creed 3, I was hoping Ubisoft would redeem themselves with this game.And Watch_Dogs has a lot of good stuff in it. The miniature Chicago Ubisoft has built is magnificent, and exploring it by foot, by subway, and by camera traversal is great fun. The game has some fine tactical challenges; I remember one mission where I had to infiltrate a very heavily armed camp and assassinate two officers. I must have retried that mission at least twenty times before I got it right, but it never felt unfair; I had very powerful tools to work with, and it was just a matter of finessing their use exactly right to overcome the challenge.And the tools they give you are a lot of fun. You can bounce your perspective from camera to camera, and said cameras are generously placed (except when they would allow you to bypass a puzzle or combat challenge); this is a fantastic way of letting the player survey a situation before they go in and decide on an optimal approach. This is so much fun that there are a couple of missions built around this idea, and I'd say they're the best in the game. Remember that scene from ""The Matrix"" where Morphus calls Neo and guides him through the building step-by-step, allowing him to evade capture by the Agents? You get to do that for some of the NPCs, and it's every bit as fun as it sounds. There's an infiltration mission where you guide an NPC up through a skyscraper, floor by floor, helping him walk right past cameras and alert sentries by setting distractions and disabling security measures. It's tense, original gameplay, and it's very well done.Watch_Dogs is at its best when it's being cerebral. As the game progresses, you learn to create various traps and to use the environment to ensure your success; sometimes the game will give you a few minutes in the middle of a mission to turn the area into a deathtrap before the bad guys show up. There's some good stealth gameplay; much like in Assassin's Creed, missions go smoothest if it's all stealth takedowns and no open combat.And that's where things start to fall apart, because Watch_Dogs REALLY wants you to do open combat. The game has a number of missions that are straight-up gunfights. The problem is that Aidan Pearce, the game's protagonist, is ill-suited to be an action hero. He keeps dozens of weapons stashed in his trenchcoat, but he's quite fragile, so he relies on cover a lot. Unfortunately, the cover system is a better fit for stealth than combat. I found the gunfights unsatisfying.I wish the game had relied on hacking more and on guns less. Remember Mirror's Edge, which had free-running as its main feature? You could pick up guns if you wanted to, but they slowed you down, so you wanted to use them sparingly. I wish Watch_Dogs had borrowed that idea--there's no reason Aidan Pearce has to be able to carry a sniper rifle, a grenade launcher, three pistols, and four shotguns in his trenchcoat. The smartphone is what he's all about--shift more gameplay over there!The characters are the worst part of this game. Aidan is such a blurry protagonist. All of his actions throughout the game spring from his motivation to avenge his dead niece. He messed with some bad people, and her death was part of their retaliation. The unjust murder of this innocent girl is what motivates him to go on a rampage throughout the city, killing scores of people, some of whom are quite evil and some of whom are just in the way. There's no real ideology that motivates Aidan the way there is with the Assassins and the Templars. Most of the time he seems to see nothing wrong with killing innocent people along the way to avenging his innocent niece, and that makes him hard to sympathize with.I was especially disappointed with Clara, his female sidekick. She starts out as a badass, tattooed-up hacker who manipulates servers and people with the best of them, but the first time a fight breaks out she instantly turns into a damsel in distress. Aidan promptly gets an objective notification to ""PROTECT CLARA"" as she wails about all the unpleasant gunfire and begs Aidan to make the bad men go away. I was really hoping Ubisoft could write more interesting female characters than that.The story's primary antagonist is a mustache-twirling villain. He throws eloquent barbs at Aidan, rants about how the world misunderstands and underappreciates him, and cackles his grand plan into a cell phone. His personality can be summed up as ""What if Snidely Whiplash...WAS A HACKER?!?""The only interesting character is Jordi Chin. He's the only member of the cast who truly loves his job, which is to be a trigger man and make problems go away. His cheerful amorality brings some great humor, which the game badly needs.Before I wrap up this review, I have to talk about human trafficking. The trailers for Watch_Dogs promised that a human trafficking ring would be part of the plot, and it is, but it only shows up in a handful of missions in the main storyline. There's a series of mini-missions you can do on the side to investigate further, but there's scarcely any content there, and the final mission that they unlock is a rote copy-and-paste of another standard mission type. Human trafficking disgusts me; it's a real, very serious problem both in the United States and abroad, and I was excited to see it brought up in a AAA game in a way that might raise awareness about the issue. I was disappointed at the relatively cursory treatment it received, especially when the game has so many random open-world minigames that it doesn't need. Chess puzzles in cafes, Ubisoft? Really?I've really fallen out of love with Ubisoft as of this game. We had some great things together--I'll never forget Assassin's Creed 2--but it's pretty clear they're not the company I thought they were. They make some pretty good gameplay, but the writing has been trending downward year after year, and if the story tastes sour, I don't care about the rest. It's been years since I was as excited about a game as I was about Watch_Dogs; I even bought the Deluxe edition. What a waste. And I'm not even going to talk about the massive disrespect Ubisoft showed PC gamers by crippling the graphics on the PC version, or the game-crashing bugs on launch, or the way the exciting and innovative multiplayer fell flat on its face because they couldn't get the network coding right.The game has its good parts. If you can get it for less than $40 on a Steam Sale, I'd consider that a good buy. (Be sure to install TheWorse Mod for a huge improvement in graphics quality.) But it could have been wonderful, and that didn't happen. Ubisoft and I are done for now."
76561198084168981,Recommended,243470,10250284,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,RIP - Blocked :-(,"It's perhaps inevitable that with Watch Dogs, there are some who would compare it to the other big open-world game based relatively closely on the real world: GTA. For those of you who think it's GTA vs Watch Dogs -- let me stop you right there. These games are fundamentally different, and so I would say ""Why not both??"" Yes, they're both based in an open world, and both basically allow you to do practically whatever you want. But in GTA, for the most part, there aren't many consequences for your actions. Run down a ton of people on the street, get some stars, and then lead the cops on a hilarious and explosive chase. If you die - no worries, you'll respawn at home (hospital - whichever version of GTA you're talking about), with various amounts of dollars missing from your wallet. Go back outside -- do the same stuff over again. And honestly - that's what makes GTA the great game it is. Knowing that you can do what you wish, and the game won't hold it against you. With Watch Dogs, this concept no longer applies. Now your choices start to matter. Now the consequences matter. As McFly would say, ""This is Heavy, Doc....""For those of you who have been under a rock the past couple of years - Watch Dogs has been a highly expected game from Ubisoft, who went so far as to delay the release of this game by around 6 months, just to try and perfect it. In Watch Dogs, you're in the city of Chicago, who's infrastructure and crime prevention system is run by a supercomputer named ctOS. In all actuality, this reality isn't that farfetched. Driverless transit systems are common (London, Seoul, Tokyo, DC, San Francisco, among others) and we all know the ever-prevalent security camera systems in many cities. The only difference here is in the game, everyone's information is also tied into the system. Characteristics, bank accounts, credit cards, school and criminal records - you name it, it exists in the system. So the question arises, ""What if someone hacks the system?"" And it's with this premise that Watch Dogs has you play in...I won't lie - I downloaded the game a tad early, thanks to some various websites (I'm sorry, after getting burned on the last 3 preorders I've done for PC - Command and Conquer 4, Mass Effect 3, and SimCity 5, I don't intend on any game getting the best of me again), and I can really say that the game lives mostly up to its hype, although it still needs some work on the PC.The environment of Chicago looks fantastic, and from the dry run I played, the main storyline is actually quite good. My main beef with the PC version is the driving handling is awful, and it's especially a pain when there's a chase going on, and you're trying to avoid hitting pedestrians, (trust me, watch what happens the first time you hit a street walker - go on, I dare you!) and your car just refuses to make that turn you need it to make.I gotta give props to the Ubisoft guys - the NPCs in this game are some of the best I've seen yet. I remember walking towards an intersection, and just then an accident occurred, and everyone starts pulling out their phones and recording/taking pictures. Also, depending on what kind of reputation you get later in the game, people will start to recognize you, and either call the cops or try and take a picture of you, based on whether you choose to be good or bad. Pay attention to the banter and dialogue of the NPCs, and it becomes clear Ubisoft really worked hard on this aspect of the game.The game specs recommend quite a beefy computer - but I was able to play it quite smoothly on my Lenovo W530 laptop (2.3 GHz Core i7, nVidia K1000, 256 GB SSD, 16 GB RAM), although I did have to turn off some of the reflections and ambient occlusion and all that. Only choppiness I got was from some cutscene videos that stuttered, though the audio came through no problem.Online play is somewhat optional - the game early on forces a mission on you to at least attempt the online scene, so at least you can get a feel for the play, but fortunately, that's it - storyline wise at least. Online Decryption is actually a lot more interesting than I thought it would be - having a team vs team, with everyone throwing their hacks around, is tons of fun.All in all, Ubisoft did an awesome job on the game, which in retrospect they better have, since they took an extra 6 months to finish up. The game gets a solid 4.5 stars, but the originality of the concept bumps it up in my book to 5."
,Recommended,243470,10273439,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,TimeLiGhT,Excellent open-world action game with some unique hacking that makes it a memorable experience.Next time please without Uplay...
,Not Recommended,243470,10921853,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,<§> Sub,"My god I'm bored with this game. No idea how many hours I've played...the Uplay third party DRM required clocks up Steam hours, so it looks like more than it is. Though it feels like I've been playing forever. The main campaign is just so damn repetitive. Yeah, there are side missions, mini games and meaningless items to collect, but that would just prolong the agony of trying to finish this frikin game so I can play something enjoyable.Take away the smartphone and it's an average stealth shooter, really. No variation in missions, no surprises, and a 1 dimensional story about finding a guy who killed my neice. Zzzzzzzzzz"
76561198162305789,Recommended,243470,29679819,Posted: 3 February,all,Jensen2027,"It is a good game, maybe not as good as it was expected to be, I think, but I like it. It is a bit too dramatic and it is almost impossible to drive at the beginning, until you learn to control the car, but...if you like open world games I think you may like this game too. It is like Person of Interest the game which is nice, at least for me. I personally recommend this game, but buy it on sale at a lower price."
,Not Recommended,243470,10255903,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,420CoolChick666,Wonderful experience of staring at the Uplay screen attempting to make an account for close to an hour. Best $70 I've spent all year.
,Not Recommended,243470,10263327,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,teabagjohn,Uplay
76561198151468652,Recommended,243470,30430772,Posted: 10 March,all,VELOCiTY,"First i would like to start by saying that i love this game i think it have a good mix of puzzles and combat and that the game is very underated, I am hoping to write the best review i can for this game to hopefully inspire some of you to give it a chance.Prosin watchdogs you play as aiden pierce a vigilante trying to get some closure on his neises death this is the plot throughout the game.the idea of using a phone to escape combat i thought was a fresh and welcome idea a lot of people complained about aidens lack of personality what i see as a personality feature alone, he isnt supposed to share his emotions thats why he wears a mask were somepeople see this as a flaw i see as a succsess.the combat i think feels smooth i like the feature were you can use the enviroment to your advantage to take out enemysand gain the upperhand.consthe length of the game was around 20 hrs not including the dlc i think this is reasonable but my only problem is the LACK of  things to do outside the story, yeah there are some races which can be fun but apart from that you will get bored and end up just uninstalling the game.the dlc i thought was good it was a cool extention to the game all of them but they were way too short i would have thought maybe 20 hrs should have came from the dlc alone.the gameplay trailer for the game is something i find very frustrating were they promised better graphics than they delivered this obviously doesnt hurt the actual game it was peoples expectations that ruined the game dont get me wrong it was a scumy and that no company should do and i will never think is exeptable.the missons get very repetitive and so do the puzzles i think there should be at least 3 different puzzle to at least give it some divercity.i feel like this game is worth it but i recommend buying watchdogs complete while its on sale instead of the game alonei hope those who have read the whole review are inspired to buy the game and if you do i hope you enjoy itgl hf"
,Not Recommended,243470,18094342,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Vector,This is 10% suck20% skill15% concentrated power will5% pleasure50% painand 0% reason to purchase this game
,Not Recommended,243470,10698439,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Stud Muffin,NOT WORTH THE PRICE OVER HYPED YOULL BE DISAPOINTED
,Recommended,243470,21117180,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Jesse,"This game gets a lot of hate, so let me list a few of the pro's and con's.Pro's:- Able to steal an elderly womens car and get away with it- Does the hacking system EXTREMELY well, same with the idea- Overall an amazing 14-18hr story mode (depending on how expert-like you are)]- Very good detail on PC, it's amazing how you can sneak missions or guns blaze, it's a really well-thoughtout design of a game, and the last mission may make you the purest form of salt possible, but all in all it's an amazing game.- Great comedy from characters and side conversations, and when profiling people (Wait what? Regulary watches torture porn wtf? -- yes, a person literally had that over their head.)Con's:- Character's may act a little funny at times- You may experience a few game crashes ( I had 2 crashes and one blue screen for a overheating issue )- Lip-moving sync isn't really there if it's not a rendered scene ""movie cut""- Main character somewhat lacks emotionLonger response:It's a great game in my opinion, I think you'll enjoy the playthrough and have a few emotional moments in the game, a controversal ""problem"" people have is that the main character ""Aidan"" seems to lack emotion and facial expression even when situations are dire, now to support that claim, yes. He does lack some emotion even in emotional situations. However to defend that, his character has developed after a certain incident happened with someone, he's developed to not feel, so that may be why. While he does bring very little emotion back, there are a few scenes where it's showed a bit more. Personally I'm excited for Watch Dogs 2 and I hope they bring back Aidan and a few other characters, one thing I will say is that the game does offer some great comedy from some characters and you'll enjoy it. It's fun, give it a try. It's worth it."
,Recommended,243470,24046379,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,RAPTR,"Watch Dogs has to be my favourite 3rd person action game. There were certainly problems with it, e.g Downgrades, boring protagonist, and lack of diversity, however what it did offer I really enjoyed and I hope in Watch Dogs 2 these problems are resolved.My pros and cons:PROS-Aiden Pearce; Unlike most I loved the way this♥♥♥♥♥♥had a tragically bleak script, and simply didn't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about what people told him to do. ""Sister asks him to stop"", ""he says yes"". A week later he has killed about half the population of the city and avenged his niece's death. (He got his niece killed in a car crash and I don't blame him with the driving mechanics in this game). +a ♥♥♥♥in epic quote at the end of the game.-Hacking; although it lacked diversity and depth the hacking that WD introduced was enjoyable to use. Multiple times I managed to detonate a road pipe and kill myself while trying to escape the popo. Another fun element was camera hacking. It was pleasantly pleasing jumping from camera to camera exploring buildings and finding various ways to outsmart my enemies.-Gunplay; I wasn't expecting to like the gun mechanics in this game but I was surprised. It was a nice for an FPS gamer like me to be able to instantly learn and feel comfortable with the various weapons in the game. The focus ability which slowed down time added a nice cinematic effect to executions, and for me it wasn't overused as it only helped in certain situations.-Various other elements; secondary characters T-BONE, the hacker Defalt, a black guy called BedBug and a creepy 80 year old human trafficking leader who plays the antagonist. The city, as I have said before, lacked colour and variety but did have some cool features. Once I passed by two lads having a rap battle, and had the ability to see information about them (Their names, a major fact about them, their income and their age). This corresponds with the rest of the city. You can track people using your profiler and even hack money out of their accounts. It was always rewarding finding some rich filth and emptying his account.CONS-Lack of variety; this game would have benefited from more in-depth character customization, a larger range of hacking options, more diversity in missions, and less repetition in the mission objectives.-Vehicles; the driving in WD was a real letdown. There were many moments in the game where I would simply lose control of my car, which ended up getting me killed, or cause me to fall too far behind my target. The car handling is grotesque and there is very little character to the engine sounds.-Movement; The fact that there was no jumping in this game had me ♥♥♥♥ed a couple of times. The only way you can jump is by free running and falling upon an obstacle that you need to leap over. This was a huge disappointment for me as I couldn't dance properly in one of the missions. Like come-on, there was  DJ, strobe lighting and some hot NPC's to impress. Also the parkour is very limited in the game (Aiden is no parkour professional but he sure is a a marathon runnner as you have unlimited sprint).-Jacks; have no idea why this autistic mute♥♥♥♥♥♥was put into the game but he probably turned most of the heartfelt/emotional scenes into a horror movie. ♥♥♥♥in creepy.Overall for me Watch Dogs will remain a classic. There were times in the game where I should have said what the ♥♥♥♥ were the developers thinking, but instead I just laughed and tried to imbrace how stupid it was. It managed to keep me hooked through the whole single player story and I keep with me some treasured memories. I just hope Ubisoft learn from what went wrong in this game and try make Watch Dogs 2 the game Watch Dogs had the potential to be."
,Recommended,243470,24472587,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,CJ,very fun to play but i'd wait to get the new watch_dogs2 when it comes out
76561198373756345,Recommended,243470,34729178,Posted: 4 September,all,AquaCraft808,"amazing, i don't know if i should call it better than WATCH_DOGS 2 or not..."
76561198078732187,Not Recommended,243470,10869564,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Notlast,I'll keep It short and sweet. DON'T BUY THIS!
,Not Recommended,243470,10329338,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,JohnZSays,"Imagine this.  You're in your mid-late 30s. You have an ok office job working 9-5 under an over-the-top, intense boss who rides your♥♥♥♥♥every day.  You make a decent living, but you cant afford to not work or else the bills would pile up.  You drive a used 2008 white Toyota Camry that always needs something replaced every 6 months.  Your wife, who is a shell of the woman you married, has been slowly putting on weight and resenting you.  You have 2 lovely kids, but in the back of your mind, they are probably both going to be on drugs and murder you for life insurance money.  When you were younger, you were going to be a professional sports athlete until you had your knee taken out by a cheapshot in a championship game.  Where did your life go so wrong?You bought Watch Dogs.  Guns and Roses reformed one more time just to play a parody song called ""Hype Train.""  Never to return.  I'll never learn.  The amount of hype for this game was out of control and Ubisoft went out of their way on marketing instead of spending that money to create a watered down GTA V.  Sure the cutscenes are good, but this isnt a Telltale game (no offense.)  This is a AAA title that leaves me wondering, ""what work was being done during that 7 month delay?""  So the poor sweatshop children can sew more logos onto ""iconic"" (ffs they used iconic on a new IP?) preorder bonus hats?  Was the game so atrocious they needed another 7 months to fix bugs?  I just dont understand it.  I was on the Hype Train.  And I got burned.5/10 Wouldn't Bang"
,Recommended,243470,10255681,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Arlen Tektolnes,"The application was unable to start correctly (0x000007b)  Click OK to close the application.Can't launch, 8/10"
,Recommended,243470,11308814,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,ackrynom,"Here are my first impressions:Gameplay:The game is ridiculously fun. There are countless activities to do. Hacking is a lot of fun; you can walk around town, hack stuff and watch people’s reaction. It is awesome.Stealth is the most satisfying experience in the game. You can avoid the cops my stealth killing the witness or by threatening them. My only complaint, you can’t melee the civilians. Melee and Jump is contextual, you can only use it when the game requires you to do so.Parkour is really good; you can jump over small walls, obstacles and vehicles. Parkour + Stealth makes up for a perfect vigilante.I was worried about the look and physics of vehicles. Cars look much better than what we saw in streams (may be they look different on PC?). Driving is a bit different and it would take some time getting used to. It is kind of like racing games; which is not good for tight corners in the city. I personally prefer driving mechanics of GTA V. Car damage is not like GTA V, it is more like racing games like Need for Speed.The City:The city feels dense and so much alive. There are people doing various activities. You will come across variety of civilians like street performers, hookers, criminals, hackers, business men, drug addicts, bankers, blue collar workers. They are not just dumb pedestrians, you can listen to them talking about their life and what’s going on in the city. Sometimes while walking around, I want to stop and listen to them or watch a street performer. They also react and respond to your actions.You can go inside many buildings like ctOS stations, bars, cafes, pharmacy, shops etc.There is quite a bit of traffic on the streets. You can hear bass thumping from some cars. I hacked a traffic signal on a busy intersection and it caused a massive pile up of cars. There were cars crashing & blowing up; people were helping each other. It even caused a big traffic jam.Graphics:The game looks gorgeous, much better than what we have seen in videos and live streams so far. Graphics and textures are much better than any other open world game including AC IV: Black Flag. Those screenshots we saw in the morning today, they do no justice. Unlike the PS4 version, there are no pop-in issues. The game does have next-gen feel.Weather and Lighting:Wind and Rain are mind blowing. These are the best weather effects I've experienced in a game so far. The lighting is awesome for the most part. Morning, evening and night looks gorgeous with beautiful lighting and reflects. It is the only game where I love the nights; I hated nighttime in GTA V. The light is over exposed sometimes during noon, it washes off the textures a bit but it still look good.Score: 8.9"
76561198033583205,Not Recommended,243470,14959004,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,vGiorgos,So poorly optimized for pc. Crashes every 10 minutes or so...  And the driving is horrible.Edit: Couldn't get past the tutorial from the crashes. Then i turned down the graphics (which I didn't even have to do because i was already playing with 60 fps) and got to play until the 2nd mission (record!). Then it crashed again and I quit the game for good.
,Not Recommended,243470,13687117,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,koZe,"Amazing marketing campaign arround this game, they probably used 90% of their budget for this purpose and the 10% remaining to actually develop the game. Smart choice capitalist f*ckers.Concept of the game is ambitious, it could have been an improved GTA if managed well. But we end up with a game unfinished, with a terrible storyline, repetitive and lacking personality."
76561198138921421,Recommended,243470,28216089,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Kaleng Bekas < break from csgo >,Watch dog is an awesome hacking game by ubisoft. Mod this game to make it beautiful for ultra performance.
,Not Recommended,243470,10626452,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,O grande Marcio,You there is something wrong with a game when a GTX780 can't run properly on low.
,Not Recommended,243470,10649719,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,bigsmoke.,"Terrible Port, Boring after the first few hours. Couldn't bring myself to finish the game."
,Not Recommended,243470,10686643,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,s3kshun 61,I dont usually write reviews as I have too much fun playing the games. Not the case here as it crashes ever 15 minutes. The last update did a great job of increasing stuttering and fps drops so I must say well done!Do not buy this game until the full releas.... oh wait.Dont buy it.Edit: Or do buy it. But make sure you download the 340.43 BETA nvidia drivers first. It fixes a ton of issues with stuttering in the game. Especially while driving.
76561198089960976,Recommended,243470,10315303,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,SY-K7VTA,"People might think this is just a GTA clone, if anyone tells you it's just a GTA clone don't you dare listen to them, because it is NOT. another thing, this game runs great on my PC, no framerate issues and no lagging, and no crashes. I don't know why this game won't work well with AMD, it's most likely the support. this game is actually extremely addicting to play, i had to force myself to quit because i needed to do something important.my rig:I7 4770K CPU @ 3.5 GHZ processor16GB ramGeForce GTX 760 OC video card @ 2GB4 terabites of hard drive space"
,Not Recommended,243470,10915499,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,..,.
,Recommended,243470,10252833,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,world,: )
76561198124159783,Not Recommended,243470,10890482,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,hyunztory,"I can't play this game for 2 days and F***ing UBI gave me free season pass, but I ALREADY BOUGHT ONE. Then, where's my 19.99$? And, whatever UBI give us season pass, I CAN'T EVEN PLAY IT!"
76561198135913580,Recommended,243470,10411166,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Antimouse,"In my opinion this game just - Supperb. Working nicely on my PC. Great frame rate with high quality settings.You cannot play this kinda games on 2GB video cards 2000 year issue. So, get off with your blubber posts saying that game is bad.Scenario - perfect. Gameplay - perfect. Music - Very good on quests background. Car audio im found kinda sux, not my taste.Overall rating 9 from 10 and Highly reccomended."
,Not Recommended,243470,11298776,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Runi,fun as bawls game but no dogs to wash
,Recommended,243470,15768334,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,A Caesar Salad,Before release:Watch_Dogs > GTA VWatch_Dogs > Far Cry 4Watch_Dogs > ACUAfter release:Watch_Dogs < GTA VWatch_Dogs < Far Cry 4Watch_Dogs < ACUWatch_Dogs < E.T. on the Atari 260010/10 would recommend
,Not Recommended,243470,10293627,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,WesleySmalls,"Most disappointing game of 2014.It was announced with quite a bit of hype, and not only that, it was looking pretty great. What you get is not even a slight bit of that.I see a lot of people claiming about the lack of optimization. Well, that is the least of it's issues.What you get is a game that lacks basic features that gets pretty dull pretty quick. Pressing Q becomes rather dull, and I am quite sure you do quite a lot more than press a button as a hacker. You have a smartphone that hacks into the ctOS network giving you full power of everything, and all you really use it for is steal from innocent people, eavesdrop on innocent people and put traffict lights on green. It is pretty cool to do all of that, for about 5 minutes, then it becomes such a drag.Hacking is something exciting and so is privacy, yet Watch_Dogs doesn't portray that all that well. There is fairly limited ability to use for such a big system, and even your smartphone itself has very little use, even though that plays a giant role in it's setting. Everybody can make calls in the world, everybody can make pictures. Why can't I? It would fit incredibly great in Multiplayer.The game is lacking some fairly basic functions too. Where is melee for example? I have this beautiful stick that I can use in exactly two settings. To catch a criminal, and to sneak up on an enemy. I can't use it on civilians yet I can shoot them all dead if I wanted to. Oh, and shooting them dead, don't expect something fancy there, it's all one shot, one kill. And then the police, I don't really get it's system in general, nor the availability of the police. I have yet to see police actually patrol, which makes sense, but when the ctOS targets me, police are in the region pretty damn quick. Not to mention they can't chase you on water in a world that has quite a bit of water.half of the gameplay mechanics have been ripped off from other Ubi games. Animations are straight from Assassins Creed IV, and the funky radio towers are straight from Far Cry 3. And when I say half, I truly mean it, there isn't very much more to it.The game physics are absolutely abysmal, and I'm being nice by saying that. Absolutely horrible. It makes me doubt if they even had a physics crew. You make huge jumps with no speed and destroy everything in your path with ease. Some objects are destructable, and that is just as bad. Search a few glitches on youtube of it, and you'll find enough.The only good thing I can name is the sound. I truly enjoy the phone calls that you can listen on, they sound incredible. The same goes for emergency calls. They sound incredibly believeble. The human interaction has been voiced incredibly well in this game. Also the sound of collisions are pretty good, there is some actual weight in that. And instead of a broken glass sound, you get an actual sound of metal colliding and deforming. It sounds really, really great.I guess i at least have the luck of not having to witness the horror stories that were spread before the release, as the release version was more positive than those horror stories led to believe. But as that died down so did the enjoyment in this game. It's not worth 60 euros, not worth 50, 40, 30 or 20. It's an absolute piece of garbage that is carried by it's hype, and I am really regretting my purchase big time."
,Recommended,243470,23444036,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,TheSpenc7,"The story is absolutely terrible, but the gameplay is not only functional, but quite enjoyable."
,Recommended,243470,22455375,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Echo13243,"I'm not going into too much depth:People say the gunplay has no pop.I disagree. It's especially fun blowing up cars with an auto-shotgun.People say it discourages stealth.Really? Cuz' I've stealthed a lot of areas. Sometimes you can blow people up and they won't acknowledge your existence.People say the driving is terrible.They probably suck at driving. (I know it's boring but) Following actual traffic rules and not constantly holding the accelerate button, you can actually NOT kill people!--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Gameplay overall? Amazing.I love stealthing around.Dicking with people.And the open world game outside of the campaign is affected by your choices. If you stop a lot of crime, radio shows talk about you!I love it. Try it."
,Recommended,243470,30050774,Posted: 19 February,all,Alienics,"Pros:-The map is relatively large, and there are many places to explore-Graphics on this game are great-You can choose your play style - Stealth, shooter, hacker, or a mix of all, which allow you to choose how you approach your missionsCons-Some smoothness/stability issues, but they don't really affect gameplay-Mouse movement is subpar compared to other PC games.The story, however, is amazing.  The story is very elaborate with many surprises and unexpected turnpoints that really hit you deep.  Although the game may have some stability issues, it is still very playable, making this game one of my favourites."
76561198091367447,Recommended,243470,24174998,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,SirCunning,"I honestly do not understand why this game has been given such a bad reputation. And yes i understand the graphics downgrade and lack of activites that ubisoft showed in the e3 demo but thats not realistically enough to destroy a game. The game still looks visually amazing, Gameplay is steady but slightly repetitive here and there. Story itself is of good length (23 Hours including all DLC) and well written, Driving is generally bad but there is room to improve on there behalf before the release of Watch_Dogs 2. But i think they have learnt from there mistakes and they will recover the ""Watch Dogs"" Franchise with there next release. So yeah i definitely recommend this game."
,Recommended,243470,14271938,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Kyro,"Watch_Dogs is debatable in quality, however I really enjoyed it. It's mediocre and was over hyped, but I had plenty of fun with it."
,Recommended,243470,33156737,Posted: 2 July,all,ttteena,"the game is alright, looks super nice, interfaces are pretty user friendly, and the game just looks cleanin terms of fun, it's pretty nice at the beginning, although the open world doesnt really have anything to it and you end up just chasing people around the city for no discernible reason. eventually gets a little tiring. the driving is a little off and the game is pretty one dimensional, but it's still a fun game for messing around and blowing stuff upi'd get it if it were on sale, but wouldn't purchase at the original price"
,Recommended,243470,29345572,Posted: 18 January,all,reznov523,"Many people think this game is bad...It is AMAZING.Watch_Dogs has a engaging story and executes it really well! Some motivational speeches, great guns to f*** around with, I loved it so much, I just beat the story with the best reputation,sodamngood."
,Recommended,243470,10272862,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,ActualRaptor,"The core concept of the game is good.However in its current state it is not worth it, I will recommend it though as patches and drivers are probably coming to make the game more playable, with a stable FPS."
,Not Recommended,243470,11442081,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Grottomacy,a mediorce 6 out of 10heres why1.notieriety mechanics are unbalanced and broken civilians call the cops on you if you carjack but if you steal a car from a dealership no police are called2.helicopters cant be destroyed even though you have a grenade launcher the helicopter snipers became a real annoyance and bear later3.aiden is a plain character who is as boring and bland as a cardboard box4. graphics held back on pc version this is a big one this should have never happened and graphics should have remained high5. annoying hacking games tedious and annoying6. game mechanics are recycled over and over no diversities whatsoever just rinse and repeat tactics over and over almost every mission either has a hand to hand takedown or a car chase takedown7. sequal baiting most of the characters you met and survived leave the scene just waiting to be put in the sequal
,Not Recommended,243470,10846520,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,www.twitch.tv/keeprock1n,expectations>reality vol.2
,Recommended,243470,23477109,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Black Dragon From The Hood,"I honestly don't know why this game has so many negative reviews...The story is great.I've had no problems with gameplay except occasionally my frames drop.the driving may be quite♥♥♥♥♥♥but oh well that's just driving.Overall I had a really fun experience with this game and thought the concept and story went together really well.I ended up connecting with the main protagonist and thought the whole vigilante system and protrayel was really cool, it made me feel like a modern day hacking batman.If you like being a hero/vigilante and kicking peoples asses all while being able to explore in an open world while having the voice of a badass I suggest buying this game if its on sale."
76561198046079270,Not Recommended,243470,10255579,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Marias,"""watch dogs has stopped workin"" 10/10"
,Recommended,243470,35259909,Posted: 28 September,all,A.U.S ©,"i love this game , good graphic , good gameplay"
,Not Recommended,243470,10435134,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Michael,I want a refund. This has got to be the WORST pc service ever.UPlay can choke on it for ripping every PC gamer off.
76561198001560331,Not Recommended,243470,11341777,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Metophisical,"This game is a huge failure. It is muddled with bad graphics, sloppy controls, boring main character, frame rate stuttering (i have a high end pc too) boring missions, horrible road textures, bad supporting cast. The gunplay is terrible, there is no blind firing from cover, no roll or evasion technique, you cannot even fire a pistol from a car.Furthermore the driving mechanic is awful, the car damage is terrible, it was better in older games such as gta 4. Don't believe me? Look at the comparison videos on Youtube.I was looking forward to this game for a long time, and it has failed to meet any of my expectations, ive given this game a fair chance and it dissapointed me at every turn.4/10 do not buy"
76561197969376654,Recommended,243470,10255980,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Codename_Kaboom,"My system specs are as follows: Intel i5 2500K @ 3.3GHZ, 32 GB sys ram, 1TB HDD, Windows 8.1, Nvdida Drivers 337.88PLEASE NOTE: Some people are experiencing major lag and crashes, but I have not had any problems in that regard. The game runs steady and smooth for me with most settings on Ultra.Let me begin by answering your primary question right away: Yes, I recommend buying Watch Dogs (WD). I am a vet of all of the GTA titles, and I really love that franchise, but I think WD has something to offer you, even if you have played GTA to death. The primary reason I say this is because WD has a solid stealth system that allows for a more quiet approach to most situations (though it also allows for going in guns blasting too) , and this often is not an option in the GTA series, which is far more run n' gun oriented.  Couple this with the ability to thoroughly access a given location before entering and working your way towards the objective and you have a very nice mix of tactics and execution. And there is a fair amount of variety in terms of what tactics you use when going stealth: use a crafted lure to pull a guard off of his patrol route, or hack a pipe to overload and blow, which will create a temporary distraction, or arm an explosive device an enemy is carrying and watch it detonate and create havoc and confusion and as you move closer to the objective (be careful, though, they can sometimes find and toss the armed device right at you!). The list goes on.General gameplay is fun. As in the other open-world titles, there are a variety of things to do beyond the main mission. You can play a full game of chess, compete in parkour obstacle runs for money, steal cars for cash, intervene in random crimes that take place, make a few bucks playing ""shell games"" or poker, and more. As you know from the previews, hacking plays a major role in eveyrthing you do in this game, and the mechanic works well and is actually pretty fun, but because you can hack so many diifferent things, even early on in the game, it can sometimes feel like you are a bit overpowered. You can slow down time using focus to pull of the trickier uses of hacking, like changing traffic signals at just the right moment to cause a pile-up that will delay the cops who are closing in on your tail.Driving is a bit of a mixed bag for me. A number of the vehicles I have driven seem kind of ""swimmy"" in terms of how they feel when driving, almost like they really need more traction.  I also wish that the player could have his/her own garage to store their favorite vehicles because you are bound to find several that you enjoy driving more than the others, but this is not an option as far as I can tell. To be fair, though, you can order specific verhicles delivered directly to your location via a phone app, but you have to pay for each delivery. One gripe related to driving is that traffic will sometimes sit at a stop entirely too long for no reason at all, and this even happens at large four-way intersections. A minor, random annoyance.I'm still in act one, but the main missions have been fun and varied, and the characters are well-written and voice-acted.The graphics are solid, but not ground-breaking for the PC, and I have several  options set to Ultra. Don't get me wrong; it's not an ugly game, but I don't expect a revolution in graphical fidelity here either. I must say the city is very well designed, with all kinds of alleys and nooks and crannies that make it feel real. Though it's not (and is not meant to be) a 100% accurate representation of Chicago.There is also a crafting system that is pretty well flushed out, which allows you to create a variety of items, like lures, IEDs, grenades, and other items. You'll either scavenge some crafting components by hacking, finding them in them, or buying them from an appropriate retailer.There are a TON of skills that you can upgrade in different categories, like Hacking, Combat,  and Crafting. Skill points are granted as you gain experience, and they seem to come rather easily, at least early on. We'll see how it pans out as I move into later game. However, some skills are pretty basic, and some skills feel like they shouldn't be skills (i.e. a skill that allows you to carry more explosives could really just be a larger backpack or something).The enemy AI is generally solid, as they will take cover, seek you out, and react to fallen comrades appropriately, and some can call for reinforcements. When they do spot you, you are in for quite a chase, whether on foot or in a vehicle, as they very persistent. But vets of GTA will be right at home with these dynamics.I can't yet comment on the multiplayer, but I'll update this review as needed as I get more gametime under my belt.I could go on, but I will wrap it up by saying there is fun to be had here, even for vets of GTA, and WD offers a large gameworld with a variety of activities that can keep you busy for a good number of hours. Definitely worth a buy if you like the genre!"
,Not Recommended,243470,10430270,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Hurts Donut,"Once you play past the first two missions you might as well uninstall, because by then you've already seen everything this game has to offer. There's no depth, there's no variation in the gameplay, its just a stripped down GTA that occasionally lets you press a button to make your enemy go away.I could forgive the last-gen graphics, the constant glitches, and the bland writing if the game was actually any fun."
,Recommended,243470,13146339,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Arekan,"Getting besides the fact that Watch_Dogs is pretty glitchy and has been a disappointment since e3, this game still has a lot to offer and pretty much doesn't deserve all the hate it's getting, because it's driving the people that haven't even bought the game that would probably like it away.The campaign isn't the best, no, but it has it's moments. It's good enough that I don't find myself not wanting to continue the campaign, and occasionally has parts of it that I really, really like. Some parts are tedious though, but like I said, not enough for me to put the game down.The gameplay itself is pretty much.. there. You're given most of what you can do at the start and you can build up to the bigger things using the skill tree. I'd say I use the hacks in the game pretty regularly, just as the game intended. If you don't you're probably running around like an idiot gunning things down, and that's not how the game is supposed to go. It's stealth, and that's right up my alley.The multiplayer is definitely a fun aspect of the game. It gives more meaning than 'dudes fighting' like in Call of Duty, because you're either hacking another person, trying to get a file with or without a team, or.. well, I haven't tried the other modes. It's pretty easy to play for me and I haven't encountered a single (literal)  hacker, so... Although, my experiences with the multiplayer hacking thing were fun. This one guy tried to hack me but was driving in plain sight, when I saw him he drove off, so I chased him. He drove off a cliff into the water, so to shoot him I jumped out because there was still land for me to fall on. Fell a bit too hard though. Still won cuz I found him.The sounds. The ♥♥♥♥ing sounds, man. The vehicles are decent, the sounds the player makes (walking, running, climbing, etc.) are decent, animation sequence sounds are decent, UI sounds fit and are decent... but the ♥♥♥♥ing gun sounds. They didn't even take the time to randomize pitch, it's like one ♥♥♥♥ing gunshot sound that replays over and over. Seriously? You didn't record ANY more sounds for each gun? Just shot once and said 'ok, next gun'? Jesus.The game's good enough for me to say it deserved the $29.99. Although every time I play it my friends are like ""LEL WATCHDAGS,"" I'm usually stuck to it for a couple hours each time I play. All it needs is better optimization (not that much of a problem, lags only when driving really fast), and a bit more of what e3 has shown we could do.Oh yeah, this game does a really good job of allowing players to act normal. You can walk at an actual walking pace and it's not just slowed down like in most FPS games, so it doesn't feel unreal or something. You can turn your car off before you get out if you really wanted to get down to the bones, which I sometimes do if I don't feel like I'm in a hurry."
,Not Recommended,243470,14970105,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,SpicySweet,"I have a very ""love-hate"" relationship with this game, so ""mixed"" fits the user reviews pretty well in my opinion. Watch_Dogs suffers from Ubi-itus pretty bad, but I actually like Ubisoft's open world stlye. In fact, where many say this game is a little too Assassin's Creed, I think it could use more. You get ONE melee weapon for non-lethal takedowns. That's it. You don't get any non-lethal toys (besides distractions that require you take aditional action). You can shoot people in the knees, but you often shoot THROUGH thier (horribly developed) hitboxes and shoot a civilian instead.Should you choose ""HAM"", you'll find that the police in this game are as annoying as any other police in any other car chase game made in the last two decades. For SOME reason, ""good cop AI"" went out the door with GTA3 and NEVER CAME BACK! The cops in THIS game are SUPER annoying. They can ""scan"" for you no matter where you are and, if you're not in a vehicle running 100+ on a highway, you're going to get ""marked"". Imagine playing WoW as a rogue and having the GAME say ""all stealth units now have hunter's mark"", because THAT is exactly what you get. YOU can be 10+ blocks from the nearest cop/gangster and the AI will start shooting at you, though you're well hidden. You can hide from a helicopter under an overpass in a car and the helicopter will hover above you saying ""we lost them, we lost them, we lost them"" ... not completeing the escape of course, you have to LEAVE the vehice which IMMEDIATLY makes the helicopter say ""we found him"".GOD I HATE HOW CTOS SCANS WORK!(you shouldn't have to spend FIVE blocker gadgets to get away from them and the AI should NOT follow you around with them if they ""supposedly"" can't find you. The AI knowing where you are 100% of the time is ANNOYING AS HELL!)It's SOOOO BAD! The AI in this game is a total JOKE!Now for the driving. EVERY car feels the same with a little more or a little less power. What you REALLY feel like is your ""power"" is an invisible 8 year old pushing your car around the city like a hot-wheels on a plastic track. IT IS HORRIBLE! The focus idea is DUMB DUMB DUMB unless you plan to turn off multiplayer, because EVERY SINGLE TIME you get going well in a car using your focus, a PvP player enters your game and your focus stops working. HOW DUMB IS THAT!? Not only does it tell the person being tailed that they're now engaging in PvP when it's SUPPOSED to be a secret, but it can totally cause you to wreck, because there is no warning that you're losing your focus until you try to use it and it's gone.The story is BLAND and cliche as heck. And, is anyone else tired of Ubisoft Montreal INSISTING on the French accent with voice actors? Michael Mando from Farcry 3 pulled off ""Vaas"" using this accent, but Isabelle Blais has an ANNOYING level of broken English as ""Clara"". I WANT her to die (spoiler).The graphics are good, but they're no where near what they advertised before the game released. You can use mods to get ""closer"" but at a HUGE FPS drop. Ubisoft has a BAD habbit of making a game for super-computers that no one even has access to, making a bunch of hype and propaganda, then downgrading to fit the ""console"" pesants. What they NEED to do is go back to making games for PC and porting them to console. That's the way it SHOULD be, but SONY has their hand so far down Ubisoft's pants that will NEVER happen.Don't buy this title unless it's on sale for $20 or less. It was worth more than that when it came out, but not much. New price for this game should have been 29.99. It's a ""shell"" of what the game could be. You have to suspend disbelief WAY too much in this game... so much so that it eventually feels like you're playing Saints Row .. and that is NOT a good thing. Saints Row is the ONLY game in this genre allowed to go down the ""crazy"" path. Any other game tries it and it's just BAD. THIS game's ""mini-game"" and ""side-game"" addiction leans WAY too close to Saints Row for my taste. The only thing this game lacks in that area is a big purple D|LDO and a clown car and it would be right on path for winning a ""Saints Row Fail Award"".TL;DRThis is a ""baby"" GTA game with ""easymode"" hacking (no skill required). Let me repeat, this game is just trying to be GTA, but smaller, and with some VERY lame hacking. The hacking is ""fun"", but it's not ""hacking"" .. it's just... dumb. It's hard to explain, but again, your suspension of disbelief must be STRONG for this game."
76561198132888771,Recommended,243470,17096029,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Mr_Ray,"Love the game, horrible optimisation for PC took about 2 hours messing with settings to get smooth playback, i tried every variation possible and finally got it with a few frame drops on heavy scenes but i can live with that.-amazing graphics-fun gameplay and very fluid cover system-i  actuaclly like the hacking system that seems to get alot of hate-interesting storyoverall a really enjoyable game once you get it running smooth.some people expect to much from a game i think it gets more hate than it deserves."
,Not Recommended,243470,10258496,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,TheGigas,"The more I play, the less I want to continue playing. Technical and Uplay issues aside, it boils down to substance. It's not that it's a bad game, it just lacks the fidelity that I've come to expect from the world in an open world game, and leaves me wanting more. It's beautiful to look at, but lacks the kind of world interactions I've come to expect from this class of game. I just can't get lost in this world like I could in previous GTA, Infamous, TES, or even AC games. It feels like a chore to go from one place to another. Oddly enough I think I would like the game a lot more of it was less open world-y.Now if uplay would stop staying open when I exited the game..."
76561198306338985,Recommended,243470,34157878,Posted: 10 August,all,The1RealDeadpool,"This game is epic. I love it. I know lots of people hate it, but it'll still remain one of my favorite games in the world.So let's start!Story:The story isn't particularly strong, it's about a guy, named Aiden Pearce, whose sister's daughter was killed by a fixer.Aiden wants Revenge! He is also a really skilled hacker, so skilled that he can even hack with his phone without touching his phone. He hacks with his miind. (I'm saying thism because if you hack something there's no animation to the 'hacking'.Game mechanincs, gameplay:The controls are really comfortable!The gameplay is a mix between Splinter Cell, and Far Cry.You can either do it yourself, stealthy, taking down everyone one by one, giving headshots with a suppressed pistol.You can either hack everything you can, my favorite is when you hack the grenade in someone's pocket, and they just 'stylishly' blow up, OR they throw it to a teammate, basically killing him :DOr you can do it loudy, BUST THE DOOR OPEN AND SAY 'IT'S JOHNNY' and blow up everything.The missions are kind of the same, but it never gets boring, the main missions are:Clear a map,chase somebody with a car, take them down,find 2 hackable spots, and then --,,--THE CITY:The city is amazing. You can do lots of things in it. There are soooooo many activites out there that you can try.Here are some of them:Criminal Convoys:Simple. Hunt down a person, whose in a car, and take him down.Crimes Detected:Find out crimes, and intervene. Found the potential criminal, and take him down, before the victim gets hurt, or before he starts breaking the law.Fixer Contracts:Find a fixer, and take them down.orGet a car, you'll be the bait, and you have to escape the police.orYou deliver a car within time limit.Gang Hideouts:My personal favorites, you find a hideout, profile the target, whose the boss. But! That boss has lots of guards, so watch out!INVESTIGATIONS:Human Trafficking:You have to hack or collects 10 briefcases.QR Codes:Codes around town that you have to find with cameras, and scan them. (Scan them with your phone too, and you'll find some messages!) There are a total of 17 codes.Missing People:People are killed around the city, and you have to find all 6 people, to then find the killer, and take him down.Weapons Trade:You have to locate 9 garages, and in those garages, the crates, scan them, and you'll get weapons!Phones:The fixer who has killed your sister's daughter left 7 phones around the city, with messages. You have to find them.MINIGAMES:Chess:It's exactly as it sounds. Just chess! Pretty fun.NVZN:A virtual reality game, where you have to kill aliens that are attacking Chicago, also they can mutate.Cash Run:This is a VR game too, you have to collects coins, and also watch out for ghosts.Shell game:Three cups. One ball. Self explanatory.Poker:Poker. Just.. Poker. Yes. Poker.Drinking game:Um... If you want to be an alcoholic... here's your chance! Just drink.. and yeah... forget about all your problems!Slot Machine:More unhealthy addictions!DIGITAL TRIPS:These are drugs, that allow Aiden to travel to a VR world.Spider Tank:You play as a bigass spider robot, and you get missions, and kill people.. and.. yes.Madness:You wanna rage some? This is the mode for you! You drive a car, smash into demons, and you get missions!This digi-trip is REALLY hard, so if you're not patient.. don't play it.Alone:No it's not a descripton of your life, it's a game mode where you take down ctOS robots, and hack nodes, to free a part of the city.Psychedelic:Don't do drugs, kids.Conspiracy:You identidy cyborgs, and then you take them down.ONLINE:Online hacking:You troll into a person's game, install a backdoor, and he/she has to find you, while you remain undiscovered.The other's objective is to find you and kill you.You can also get hacked.Online Taling:You hack into a person's game again, and you observe them, while remaining undetected.Online Racing:Self explanatory.Online decryption:There are teams, who collects and decrypt files. Once a player has the file, the other team tries to kill him, or steal it, the allies of the played holding the flie, must protect him. When the file reaches 100% decryption is labelled the 'winner'.ctOS mobile app:Someone on their phone, is the police, and you're.. well.. Aiden.And you have to get from point A to point B without dying, or without the time limit reaching 0.If anybody read throught this... well.. WTF thank youI recommend it from the bottom of my black stony heart!"
,Recommended,243470,10379961,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Isaac Clarke,"No doubt this will be one of the best or the best AAA game of 2014, I'm currently taking it slow when I play this game, there's so much to do in this game and I am currently enjoying the game. I don't know why other percentage of the people disliked the game so much because of some stuttering and lag issues from the game. I admit I have those problems as well and the unknown frustating problem that caused my game to froze and restarting my PC by itself...but I only encountered these problem in the 20% of my playing time in the game. If people disliked the game so much MAINLY because of these problems...seriously...they do not know how to enjoy good games. Another reason about half of the percentage of people likes to do is....comparing games with other similar games...they probably said Watch_Dogs is copied from GTA or Sleeping Dogs. Yes, 3 of the games are open-world games, for players to explore the whole map...but if people have enough common sense to think...those 3 games are on different concepts and on different plots...I don't care what those people say...I stand by my own decision, this is one of the best games that is available for 2014"
,Recommended,243470,11748091,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,polmarc79,"Pretty good game, also pretty demanding on the hardware, no problem here though."
,Recommended,243470,10264280,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,RedCobra1246,"As of now, 3 June 2014,Let's start by saying that the question ""is it worth the price"" cannot be used because $60 for me may be different from $60 for you.  The game was definitely overhyped with all these adds, trailers, gameplay, etc., but overall, the game is good.There is an incredible amount of whiners/haters around the Watch_Dogs community that say that the graphics are crap, that the game freezes, crashes, etc. (which will most likely thumb down my review just because it says ""Recommended"").While this might be true for them, I have not experienced a single crash.  The graphics are definitely good enough for me, and even if they weren't, a game is made for fun, not for the graphics; graphics are an option.This game is fun, interesting, and different.Single Player and Free Roam:I have played only the SP so far.  It is so much fun! I love having the option of hacking a computer by shooting up the place or by hacking cameras and objects without even entering the restricted area. There are not many activities to do, but running around the streets and looking at what civilians do, crimes happening, accidents, and other, will bring you a lot of gameplay hours (no! it wasn't me shooting everybody in the train!!).Driving:The driving is nothing super, but it's acceptable.  The only thing I don't like about the game except the lag (that I will explain in the next paragraph) is how the camera reacts sometimes when I take a sharp turn.  The camera can be slow when in a vehicle and a few times you are forced to turn the camera with your analog stick or mouse...unless you want to drive without looking in front.Performance:The performance while on foot is great, the game is smooth and very detailed.  However, this changes when I move at high speeds (car, motorbikes, trains).  My HDD has some issues at loading textures quickly, making lag spikes that sometimes (when entering a new district) may last for an entire second.  If you have a SSD, you should be just fine.  For this reason, I had to lower down the textures at medium to make it run smooth.I play with an Nvidia GTX660ti 3 GB video memory, processor i7-3770 @ 3.4 GHz with everything on Ultra except the textures that I have on Medium (I will test them on High).  The game runs smoothly with textures at Medium because the HDD does not have a lot of work to do.Despite the lag that forced me to lower down the textures quality, the game is VERY enjoyable.If you are looking for perfect graphics and performance with an HDD, you most likely won't like this game; if you just want to have fun and don't care if the graphics are super awesome, it is a good choice.I would recommend this game to who wouldn't mind spending $60 to try something, but not to who would cry $60; in other words, if you can wait, wait.  If you can't, buy.  My opinion? I love it.Steam Summer Sales are coming, you can also get it on other sites at a lower price.I will add more if it comes up to my mind."
,Recommended,243470,10255199,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Lerfix#VapeDemonBRB,I play this game without any crash!!!I love it!!!Is awesome!!!Buy it!!!!!!!!FOR THE NEGATIVE REVIEWS IF YOU DON'T HAVE THE System Requirements Minimum IS CRASHING!!!The game is awesome!!!!
,Recommended,243470,10306162,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,ivanst321,"I never had any crash, bugs or anything, there are several bugs but they are just minor bugs. I'm using NVIDIA GTX 760, so I can't tell about other graphic card. But this is my personal review.The game is awesome in my opinion, 6 hours and I still having fun with the side quest like criminal convoy, gang hideout, there are so many things to do so far. The side quest isn't boring like AC4. I haven't finished the main quest so far. So I can't tell how good the story is, but so far, it's good.The only trouble I had is uPlay, I see a lot of people have a similar problem with this, I can't connect to uPlay. So I can't do online contract.The game still fun to play, and I'm reviewing about the game, not about uPlay, yes uPlay is sucks indeed, but the game is not."
76561197978063938,Not Recommended,243470,33155228,Posted: 2 July,all,Jay,Poor KB+M support.
,Not Recommended,243470,10254649,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,dmitri.br,"strong lags on minimal options , uplay crashed . Waste of money for now . I take preorder , because thinked game will be great. But too much problems with this game and uplay.Maybe developers fix it fast and i change my mind."
,Not Recommended,243470,14814847,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,power meat,"Hands down, the most disappointing game of 2014."
,Recommended,243470,22576278,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,DJ of them all,"My deadliest weapon is my iPhone.11/10Serious Review: Okay, I honestly have no idea why this is one of the lowest rated Ubisoft games on Steam. This game is just AMAZING. It's not perfect, but no game is, after all. Every single mission is tons of fun, and there's plenty of stuff to keep you occupied for HOURS after beating the campaign. Plus, the online hacking missions are fun as hell. The graphics still look decent (they may have been downgraded, but they're certainly not the worst graphics ever). It's basically GTA, just with the power to control the city around you (and less aggressive cops ofc)."
,Recommended,243470,10255172,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,InDirectKitty,i Always Wash my Dogs
,Recommended,243470,10259128,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,HulkHawk,"To be honest WD isnt GTA, but It is WAY BETTER than what people are saying. The basic fact that every single NPC has a name, income, and random fact have never EVER even been attempted before. The map may not be as large as GTA's, but it is much more dense with just as much (if not more) side activities to do. The multi-player is new and innovative and the multiple modes assure that there is something for every type of player. The story (which I haven't finished) is fine, nothing spectacular (yet) but hey, neither was GTA 5's. The graphics aren't in the ranks of say Killzone SF, or Infamous, but the game is still beautiful (especially the water effects <3). The game is dense, fun, and sprawling with activity, to any healthy minded progressive gamer this game is a 9.2/10 at least."
76561198085375937,Not Recommended,243470,10340826,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,日本の少年,"Okay im going to start at the top, the plot: insultingly bad. Gameplay: fun only when you're in the city for like 10% of the ♥♥♥♥ing game. FPS: kill me now. Overall the potential it missed was so great that it takes more attention than the kardashians. I have no idea why but the ENTIRE GAME focuses on the main character being a♥♥♥♥♥♥instead of a hero. LET THE PLAYER CHOOSE"
,Not Recommended,243470,10581594,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,I don't play video games,"Don't buy this if you have an AMD CPU/GPU.  Nvidia did some crazy crap to this game where it barely works if you have an AMD ANYTHING in your computer.  I couldn't get  it working well.  I spent hours trying to get it to work, to no avail.But don't buy it even if it will work for you.From what I've seen from the game though, it sucks.  Don't get it even if it will work for you.  The 30 minutes it worked were disapointing.And you need to use Uplay also.  Who even uses Uplay without being forced to?"
76561198055437959,Not Recommended,243470,10547752,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Mystery Mask,"I spent 2 hours on this game. I spent more time idle than playing it. That's too much of my life wasted on this piece of azz. Save your money plz. I told myself I'd get my moneyz worth... I couldn't. Worse game ever, never play again."
,Recommended,243470,10380330,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,unusualcrow,"Watch_Dogs was over hyped. While it suffers from some slightly dissapointing graphics, slow driving controls, and a desire for things that aren't there, it's still pretty damn good for a Ubisoft game, and I honestly loved it.Before you buy, you should know you'll need a decent rig to run this game, and that's dissapointing when you see that's a necessity even with Ubisoft's usual graphics downgrade.There are. however, mods that unlock a bit more E3 - looking graphics that make an improvement. These graphics settings weren't included with the base game, for reasons unknown. (Ubisoft claims they want everyone to be able to run the game stable, but I call BS.)The story is actually really good, and even if you're going straight through it, it's got plenty of time to put into it. The characters might be slightly cliche, but they're all likeable in some way or another. I loved Aiden's voice and justice seeking personality. I especially loved Jordi's personality and writing, and I really wish he had been featured a bit more.Gameplay:Combat, driving, and hacking are alright. It seems like Ubisoft really wanted to have these things work hand in hand, but usually the most I'll be using hacking while in combat is for raising some cover or blowing up the occasional guy in a bad place. There's a decent amount to play with when it comes to hacking, but at times it feels empty as if there's more to be desired. Combat itself is acceptable; it's a bit slow sometimes but it works, and it's always a rewarding feeling when you get those headshots. You can buy a wide range of weapons, and while that rifle may not be too much more powerful than the last one, you really have to choose your weapon based on your situation. You certainly won't be making silent headshots with a shotgun, at least. Driving is fun, but suffers from slow and sometimes infuriating controls. If you've ever played APB Reloaded, you'll know what I'm talking about. While the issue isn't as severe here, it can still make you crash unexpectedly if you aren't careful.Overall, between graphics, storyline, and gameplay, I'd give it probably an 8.5 out of 10.TL;DR Nice long story, alright graphics which can be modded to full potential, fairly likeable and well designed characters, okayish combat and hacking."
,Not Recommended,243470,10306088,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,cfitz22,its really bad
76561198064295414,Not Recommended,243470,10401608,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,DoctorKenobi,"Huge expectaion, massive disappointment"
,Recommended,243470,10281716,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Rome,Okay.. I like this game a lot but Uplay has to back off. I would love to play this game and have my friends know that im playing it but instead it just takes me back online instead of my status saying that im playing the game.. Im not sure if thats just me or not but i would love to invite my friends through steam instead of using Uplay.I dont mind at all requiring a Uplay account but if im buying this game off of Steam i would love to use Steam's features.[/b]
,Not Recommended,243470,10373743,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Metacon War,lel. Ubisoft releasing DLC for a game that doesn't even work yet. Really knocked that one out of the park.
76561198079475200,Not Recommended,243470,10342975,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,mart stan,I paid  45 buck for watch dogs and its not even remotely playable and have a pretty powerful rig..... ubisoft shame on you!!!
,Not Recommended,243470,23461669,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Seraph,"I'd love to play this game and review it, but I can't even launch it since the UPlay/Ubisoft server is down. What garbage. It blows my mind that steam even allows secondary launchers like that."
,Recommended,243470,24007083,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,(GoR)Andrew.zhd,"This is one of those games I had some hard relation with. I'll explain....You see, back when it was announced, I was furious: I did not like the design, I did not like the main character, I did not like the game's mechanics - a guy in a coat is f0cking around with traffic lights, stops trains with a push of a button and generally pretends to be some sort of a super man? For me, it was a cheap copy ofAssassin's Creed II(which I also don't really love, honestly) in a modern day setting. However...I bought the game in the summer of 2015 (...ah, those were good times...), I have it on 50 hrs counter now, and I only finished the main storyline, haven't even done any exclusive side-missions yet (I got Digital Deluxe edition), most of the time I spent just driving around, beating crap out of bandits and blowing sh!t up. I definately think I was wrong early on and quick to judge. Yes, this is a rather poor console port - but it's nothing new around. Tech issues are, in fact, the main reason this game was ""downvoted"" so much. What about the story? Well, this is not Shakespeare-level of storytelling, but it's an OK story for a game about privacy fears. Because it's actually what it is about (from my perspective): our fear that all those social networks data along with surveillance cams footage along with ""digital passports"" along with credit cards info along with whatnot could fall into someone's hands for all kinds of malicious intents.I'd say I now better understand the game's core concepts so I can easily forgive minor bugs and glitches (by the way, I have met only a handful). My hardware is pretty outdated, and I run the game on minimal graphics settings, yet it still provides great sights fairly often. The amount of crybabies who did not like the graphics part is just ridiculous. Despite all the trouble there was initially at the release on PC, you can actually mod the game with solutions provided by thehackersmodders community if you want to. I'm fine with the stock, however.I will eventually return to play other minor in-game missions and possibly get the DLC content just because it's a fun game. It's not just fun, it's something more. It's my own ""zen garden"" now, I guess. I also have killed a f0kkload of citizens by a mistake or on purpose, so I gotta do some good to the city for my karma and all things good (haha). Totally recommend to try out. The sequel is going to be juice!P.S.: ...It's a sad fact, but console market is dominating game developers' solutions on many AAA-titles these days. However, it doesn't mean that the game itself will be bad. It's just that the design is made for you to plug-in your PeeStation or CrossBox and start your game anytime, checkpoint the hell out of it, and do 20 actions with only your thumbs and never your pinkies. I wish some cyber-slicer infect all the consoles with a viral code, so all this QTE-checkpoint-10-buttons nonsense would end once and for all. But I doubt there will be one..."
,Recommended,243470,10305705,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Spencerulz,"I'll give this game a thumbs up, but it definitly has some problems. First of all, this game is horribley optimized. I have an amd radeon r9 290x with an intel i7 4770k clocked at 3.5 ghz and I only get around 40 fps. Fix your♥♥♥♥♥♥ubisoft. Second of all, Uplay. Oh, Uplay. Where should I start? I really don't want to rage, so I'm just going to say this: IT FREAKING SUCKS. Third of all, the game customization. You can't customize your guns, or your cars. Fourth of all, the multiplayer. I really hate the fact that your friend your playing with is just an anorexic women with the proffesion ""Has STD's"" (just an example). Now you might be asking yourself, why would you give this game a thumbs up? Well, the gameplay is actually quite fun. There's alot of things to do, from hacking people for cars and money, to stopping crimes. All and all, this game has quite a lot of bugs and problems, but it's still a fun game to play."
,Not Recommended,243470,10398182,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Kenobi,"If you are like me and have been holding your breath for GTA5 to come to steam, then understand this will not fill that void or even come close to it.Maybe when this game is made into a sequel, it will be worth $60. I looked forward to this game and it is a nice concept, but since I mainly play multiplayer games I am very disapointed with my purchase. This game feels rushed (big surprise coming from Ubisoft) as far as mutliplayer is concerned. There is several game modes but half are 1v1, the free roam leaves much to be desired, as the only co-op you can really get is running from the cops (which gets old fast).As far as the single player game goes I lost interest after being disapointed with multiplayer. I am writing this as my 1st impression of the game after owning it for a week or so. I may really enjoy the single player game but for now I rather look to other games and smaller companies that at least promise future content rather than this game which more than likely is as good as it is gona get.I would like to see team based games, ability to raid gang houses or do missions in free roam, those two alone  would add more replayabilty."
,Recommended,243470,31369379,Posted: 25 April,all,155Degrees,"PROS+ Openworld gameplay,  in a style similar to games like GTA,  Sleeping Dogs or Saints Row.+ A game all about hacking ""everything"" & everyone, an interesting concept. Hack people's cell phones, traffic lights, bridges,  cameras, etc, in your benefit.+ Nice storyline, although not one of the best I've seen.+ Challenges, mini-games and collectibles, nice features to conpletionists.+ Skilltree and perks to help you get stronger.CONS- The majority of the side quests and events are very repetitive.- You can't drive and shoot.  Enemys can drive and shoot.OVERALL 7.9/10A good game,  but far from amazing or revolutionary"
,Recommended,243470,10268001,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Xander,"This is a great game for campaign-lovers, but it's multiplayer is meh.The story takes a long time to complete, and is well worth every step of it and I love it!Multiplayer is very limited, hardly anybody plays it and gets very boring very quickly...I give this game 8.5/10 IF you're playing on Console...On PC I give it a 5/10 because of all of the Ubisoft issues with Uplay and game running..."
,Not Recommended,243470,10337705,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Rizako,"Okay, I don't know where to start.First of all the problem with uPlay that everyone is telling about is very true. I myself seriously tried hours and hours just to log in to finally get play the ""best game of the year imo"" which totally turned out to be♥♥♥♥♥♥I don't understand why Ubisoft has to sugarcoat the games in their own ""gameplay"" videos but when they release, they decide to make it completely and utterly♥♥♥♥♥♥ Not to mention the missions that were repetitive as ♥♥♥♥. I am not kidding.  There are max 4 different stuff that happens in missions and they are: 1. Mess around with the cameras for while and then kill everyone or escape. 2. Chase someone. 3. Drive someone from point A to point B. 4. Use cameras again trying to help someone in the mission by telling when and where good cover is.Sure its cool when there are robberies you have to stop or Gang hideouts that you attack and other sidemissions but the main missions are... As I said, horrible.The driving... I don't even know what to say since the destruction was HORRIBLE and I mean it. For example you are being chased by cops and you decide to raise some blockers. Well okay, it's obvious if you drive fast towards one you die or your car breaks but what I don't understand why they're scripted somehow that when cop car drives into one VERY SLOWLY... it gets destroyed, same with traffic lights.And the ending, I will not spoil but that was one of the biggest disappointments in my life. And I do not understand why Ubisoft couldn't bother making this game perfect since it had the perfect idea and stuff.So please Ubisoft, either stop making games completely since you people obviously dont know how to make them OR if you seriously keep making games, ATLEAST GET SOME PEOPLE TO TEST IT AND GIVE SOME GOD DAMN FEEDBACK SO YOU WONT RELEASE♥♥♥♥♥♥LIKE THIS...EDIT: I don't know why but it makes me sad to see all this negative feedback including mine since the game had such a great idea and potential but It just wasn't made right...So disappointed...."
,Not Recommended,243470,10285824,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Tyrone,"Buggy game, hacking is press E to do everything, apart from the pipe minigame. car physics are like driving on ice in a tank, and the graphics from pre-release are not representative of what the game actually looks like (ala dark souls 2). also, the game is biased towards Nvidia cards so if you're running AMD, don't expect to max the game out at all without losing twice as many frames."
,Recommended,243470,13721329,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Zero Summ,"If you ignore the Hypetrain prior to release, and all of the original E3 footage, it's a fine game. I understand that people were very disappointed, and I agree that it could have been MUCH better.Instead what we got was a lot of rehashed Assassin's Creed design elements, and a shallow ""hacking"" system that seemed to cycle the same pool of generated data over and over. Ubisoft had a huge chance to make bold, truly innovative, game design but instead gave it the ""good enough"" treatment and reduced anything unique in the game into cheap gimmicks.However, taken at face value, it's still entertaining.Driving is a bit hard to get used to, and can be wonky at times. Story is pretty cookie cutter, and characters can be kind of bland. Despite all of this, I'm still going to recommend it. There is a TON of content released with the game. While it's true you can zerg through the main story line in probably 6+ hours, there is plenty of fun minigames, and side missions.And as far as graphics go, you can find some nice mods out there that brings it almost up to the E3 level we were originally shown.Get it on a super cheap sale.7/10"
,Not Recommended,243470,12239850,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Fläsketdallrar,"Not absolutely terrible, but not great either. First of all I got an odd bug that laggs my game like crazy, making it unplayable unless I set the game to offline mode. After contacting support I was told that this would be fixed in a patch, but it's been a LONG time since the game was relesed now, and it's still not patched.My game ran ok in online mode sometimes though so I did get to test out multiplayer which, was really fun actually, you can invade other peoples games without them knowing it and spy on them or hack them. Though it seems like a thing you wouldn't go back in and do much after you've finished the game, which isn't neccesarily a bad thing it's just short lived.Secondly it follows the standard ubisoft open world model, map with boring repetetive side missions like unlocking parts of the map by capturing towers or taking out gang hideouts, which are basically just bandit strongholds in the city that no one seems to care about. Sound familiar? So yeah, it's like third person gta far cry.Hacking is really not a big thing in the game, it's mostly just press X to blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up. Causing traffic accidents is pretty cool though, the game has really realistic impact damage. But only when it's in a car crash you caused by disabling a red light. Otherwise it's the same old you can drive like a moron and crash with everyone and they keep driving on happily ever after like usual.Lastly the cops are TERRIBLE, some car chases are insanely hard! It's not even challengeing it's just frustrating. You can unlock a skill to disable helicopters but it's completely useless because they are always straight above you and you cant look straight up. Yeah, it's that stupid.Oh and I'm not even going to mention the graphics downgrade from E3. Except that I just did.So it's not a terrible game, but it does not live up to the hype. And it's not worth 60€..."
76561198023224968,Not Recommended,243470,10896215,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,ムnarchy,"Don't waste your money on this game. It is a cheap remake of Assassins Creed and GTA put together. I played it for a few hours and never opened the game again. It got instantly boring. If you're into stealing cars, smashing them into other players and watching them blow up, you can forget that too. It will take you about 20 minutes before the car is even close to blowing up. Taking away car damage ruined a big aspect of the game.I'll say it again, don't waste your money on this crap."
,Not Recommended,243470,10524494,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,FatherMiso,Not just a lazy console port. This game was downgraded for Console. If I'd known then what I know now I would not have made this purchase. In order for this to run on the 'new gen' consoles they had to gut the graphics. So they didn't show how inferior those consoles are they disabled them on the PC as well. It was discovered and turned back on via community patch. Although patch is a word you use when you add content all the community did is re-enable content that was already in the game but disabled so not to embarrass Sony whom had exclusive deals with Ubisoft for the release of the game as well as the movie tie in.So what we got is a sloppy port with ridiculous controls that have made the game so far barely playable.I've given up until they patch it because its ruining it for me.Massive step back for Ubisoft. Having made such improvements from AC4  they've reverted back to AC3 which was so god awful I couldn't finish due to the game breaking bugs.
76561198150294053,Recommended,243470,23721918,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,NPC_Tsaab,"For a $15 game (at least when I got it), it's a preeeety good gamePRO-cool hacks-funny online moments happensCONS-driving sucks, even when you're trying to drive like the NPC's-main character has a boring personality (I mean, you can't tell when he's♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥or not)NUETRAL-repetitive side mission - fun at first but a bit boring after a while (for me at least)-bugs are still in game, but either a pain in the butt or real funny to watch-believe it or not, STEALTH is an option, just real hard to do-story got me into it, unlike other people who say that the story was complete crap-but to add, story does stupidly jump around a lotSo yea... If you like to hack and stuff then buy this game (on sale of course)"
,Recommended,243470,12931798,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Ninja,"Not a bad game, lighting is buggy at times, even running on a high end pc, storyline is great, it has a great ""family"" feel to it."
,Recommended,243470,10269124,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Crazi™,"Truly the most influencial game of 2015, nothing can possibly cause harm to such an amazing title, when I bought it my computer screamed in agony for a small while and then after 7 months gave birth to a beautiful child to whom I have named ""Gay-Ben"". God bless Uplay for giving me a chance to show how utterly amazing my internet can be to support such amazing online content that most people severely missed, I am sorry for that small homeless guy on the side of the street that I robbed $60 from his bank account to play this truly epic title, I am ashamed that my Radeon R5 card, was unable to comprehend the power bistowed by this title, I got 178fps with no dropping on my R5 card (on full ultra settings may I point out) with the game making my 11"" curved monitor feel bliss and happiness as I plowed through the game with the mouse and keyboard controls that lag so well in the single player game that ubisoft had to patch it out, lest the online players learn of its power, one day we will look back to this title and think, ""wow back then things were so simple, pressing one button to hack everything is how the world is now (in 2053), and this true to life ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ chicago is so hyper realistic I'm amazed we didnt think of this before.""so to wrap up, this game descended from heaven, gave birth to an angel, 10/10 best game ever"
,Recommended,243470,10267454,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Yim,"Although there are certainly some problems with the game (regarding AMD). Watch Dogs is genuinely a good game.Gameplay:From what I have seen with prior Ubisoft games, they tend to sometimes recycle certain features into newer games.This might sound like a terrible thing, but I personally find the features in this game that are similar to prior Ubisoft games great.For example, the running and movement in this game could be compared to that of AC4, and the shooting mechanics resemble those of Splinter Cell Blacklist, and likewise, the stealth mechanics.The movement feels very fluid, and getting in a shootout is actually quite enjoyable and satisfying (unlike GTA in some situations). For the most part, the driving could be comparable to Just Cause 2's driving, but slightly simpler. For the driving mechanics, I would give it a 6.5/10. They are alright, but nothing special. The hacking in this game doesn't feel too scripted, and it allows for quite some freedom. Although I do think they should have added more things to hack other than cameras and bridges, to name a few.However, with all the features of this game added (hacking, running, driving, shooting), Watch Dogs creates an intense and very entertaining atmosphere.Graphics:I see many people crying about how the graphics aren't those of the E3 trailer, but with proper settings and video options, I think they look just like that memorable trailer.Although AMD users are currently at a huge disadvantage (5/28/2014) due to poor optimization from the behalf of Ubisoft, if you are running a NVIDIA GPU, and an Intel CPU, you are completely fine.Using NVIDIA's TXAA Anti-Aliasing, and HBAO+, you can really make the game look realistic and crisp.However, as nice as it does look, Watch Dogs suffers from slightly unoptimized performance regardless of PC setup.With an i7-4770k, and a 4GB GTX 770, on high/ultra settings 1080p I get around 40-90 frames. Although some might say anything above 30 is fine, when a game fluctuates from 40 to 90, there is  obvious tearing that even Vsync can't fixAll in all, I would recommend Watch Dogs to anyone, but do avoid it for now if you have an AMD component. I think all the hate is un-warranted... Underneath all the unrealistic expectations and hype lays a trully wonderful game."
,Recommended,243470,10353112,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Corphix,"TL;DR Version:Story: Beginning - 6.5 Middle - 7 End - 4Gameplay: Mechanics - 7 Side quests - 6 Online - 7Technical: Graphics - 7 Sound Design - 6 Music - 5Verdict: If you don't have it already, wait until it's on sale. 6.6/10Having finished the main storyline in 24 hours with a moderate amount of side quests done, I have to say I was a little disappointed with Watch_Dogs. My initial impression was that there were going to be TONNES of ways to elude and evade police, hack into criminal networks, and a lot of morally grey choices that would affect the outcome of the game.Unfortunately, my expectations were probably affected by hype,  as the game offers a very linear story, and 2 ways to affect morality. If you want to be good, don't shoot people or commit crimes. If you want to be bad, shoot people and commit crimes. And the only way this affects gameplay is through police attention. Since I did the entire playthrough as ""good"", I never encountered a news bulletin or was reported to police by a civillian.As an ""open world"" game, I had been hoping for more, since Ubi is usually pretty good at crafting these. Sadly, all they've delivered is Assassins Creed clone without parkour, and a completely bland protagonist. There are all of 10 types of things to hack in the main overworld, and I found myself causing traffic jams if only to break away from the dull hassle of crossing from one side of the city to another to access missions.All in all, Ubi would have been better off setting this in the AC universe. It would have been a lot more fun to be a technology assassin, and ctOS is basically already Abstergo/ The Templars."
,Recommended,243470,10367900,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Defender of Sexyness,"OK here's an honest review that isnt a fit of rage.Firstly I am running on an AMD machine. Using a R7 260-X card, 8150 processor, 3.60 GHz. I have yet to have a single problem since i first launched the game. No problems with crashing or freezing and Im running on high settings and runs smoothly. If you have an AMD setup id advise researching your gear first before comitting to buy this game as the devs worked exclusively with nvidia on this.Uplay hasnt been an issue 'so far' (has in the past), but i still believe it should be phased out to focus their resources elsewhere.Like many others i was quite blown away from the E3 trailer in 2012. Comparing that to what we got it is a huge step back in terms of graphic detail and 'realism'. Yes its a bit a dissapointment but for me its really not that big of a deal. I enjoy games for their content and gameplay rather than its 'realism' which seems to a sought after feature these days.Gameplay wise, if youve played any AC or tom clancy titles they are quite similar such as a basic cover system, weapon and gear selecton, side quests, collectables etc If you like stealth it'll be right up your alley.-The hacking feature is pretty simple and not that amazing at first glance but if you play it right you can pull of some pretty  awesome and hilarious moves-The parkour movement is quite nice. Being a parkour practioner myself its something i always enjoy seeing.-Online game modes are quite fun.Give it a few hours and it might suprise you.Things that arent so great for me.-The city really doesnt feel that alive. It does seem quite lifeless-THe driving mechanics are very clunky. Mario Kart has better driving mechanics.-Characters, voice acting and story are really cliche.-Could use more variety in random crimes.-Generally feels incompleteTL;DR-, It is playable and enjoyable but understand there is a lot of room for improvement. Do your research before deciding if its worth buying or at least wait til its patched up a bit.Above average game but not quite what was hyped up to be.    high 6 low 7/10"
,Recommended,243470,17887353,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Raven,"I was one of the unfortunate ones to pre-order this game from Steam at launch we ended up getting the game later than Ubisoft pre-orderers and the preloads didn't work for half of us so we ended up redownloading. Eventually we got into the game only to find the graphical settings all messed up and horrible framerates. Many members of the community banded together to fix these problems but the random crashes is what killed this game for most people. I soldiered on for another month I only got the ocassional crash, I completed the game and was almost done with the side missions when an update wiped out peoples saves. That was the last straw. Luckily Assassin's Creed Unity came out so I had another headache to deal with.After a year of waiting for all the patches and DLC to roll out and bugs to be fixed I can honestly say I really enjoyed this game. The storyline was great, I personally loved the vigilante portion and if you feel so inclined you can go on the classic GTA style kill all the cops and have a car chase. I would highly recommend this game to anyone. The audio logs and other collectables are worth listening to, Multiplayer which is still highly active is like a GTA Multiplayer experience and it is incredibly fun. Even the time killing mini games are fun. Piloting a Mechanized Spider Tank and you destroy the city in a Digital Trip or even playing the cup game or some chess there is a lot to see and do in Chicago."
,Not Recommended,243470,10258083,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,SolidWipedown,"Ubisoft pumps out another bland game with terrible characters and♥♥♥♥♥♥poor storyline. The driving is wonky and unrealistic. The missions are boring and tedious. The in-game menus require you to ""flick"" the mouse to navigate and it is counter intuitive. The main character Aiden is basically a pedophile in his trench coat and bandana. I don't want to play as a pedophile. I mean seriously, it is implied that Aiden touches himself while he hacks into the security camera in his nephew's room. The game is just bad... Did I mention you need to play it through Uplay? Well yep. You do. Running it through two different pieces of DRM software is just stupid and nonsense. Avoid this game. Go buy or play something else instead."
,Recommended,243470,28976201,Posted: 3 January,all,JDP,"Upon launch Watch_Dogs went from being (at least at the time) most pre-ordered game in history, to being branded a major disappointment almost overnight. Why? Well, surely part of it was the fact the hype was so huge that there wasn't really a true chance of living up to the expectations. However, was it merely the hype that turned people sour or is the game itself lackluster? After watching some gameplay on Many A True Nerd's youtube channel of the sequel, Watch_Dogs 2, I opted to play the original so I could get into the sequel myself afterwards. I found I both agreed, and disagreed with the sentiment the game was not particularly good.Characters - Aiden Pierce, the main characters, often gets a lot of grief for being an ""angry white guy,"" in a sea of angry snarky white guys. However, I found that within the context of the writing his anger was understandable. In a way, he was very Batman-like in that he keeps his personality shielded and is focused on vengeance. Sadly, this hurts Aiden as he doesn't have the snark to make it fun. Instead he's just kind of a guy in a fedora doing a Batman voice. This wouldn't be so bad if the other characters were twice as fun to make up for him, but sadly I found the rest of the characters to mostly be unlikable themselves, with the exception of Raymond Kenny. Clara appears as if she's going to be likable, but later events in the story will likely sour you on her as well.Gameplay - This is a game similar to Undertale in that it has a lot of good ideas that probably won't reach their full potential until later. The hacking mechanic of this game is actually quite fun, but with the exception of side missions for the most part it doesn't seem to be much of a focal point. I lost count of how many main story quests simply turned out to be a car chase. That being said, when the hacking did become a main focus for the quest I found it very entertaining. Even stuff I would normally hate like escort missions seemed more fun than usual with the added ability to jump around cameras and tell them to move at just the right time, all the while rigging guy's grenades to go off to leave the escort an opening they wouldn't otherwise have.The main issue, in my opinion, with the game is that it was way too serious. I don't say that in the meaning that every game has to be funny, but there was no light side to anything really with the exception of Jordi, and he's only funny in a ""he is probably a complete psychopath"" sort of way.Still, in spite of the heavy leaning on car chases and shoot outs rather than hacking, as a sandbox game Watch Dogs isn't without merit. As a cheap purchase you'd get a good 30+ hours out of it, so it'd be more than worth it. Especially if you want to set the foundation for the sequel prior to diving into that one - which has thankfully solved the game being too super serious issue.So I recommend the game, but get it on sale."
76561198088694633,Not Recommended,243470,10897033,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,119938,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥U!B!I!S!U!C!K! at this game!Oh.. my money
,Recommended,243470,17297048,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,NathanDrake,"Action packed, and really makes you think and use your creativity to take down the bad guys... Its a crossmix of Batman, and GTA.... A must have!"
,Not Recommended,243470,21377914,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Tizzy,"Started up the game.New game started.Camera started shaking like a boat in open sea during a storm.I got motion sickness from it.I quit the game.TL;DR: I don't care how good your game might be if you never even bothered to think your ""artistic"" choices could be making people sick. If you suffer from simulation sickness when playing video games, stay away from this."
,Recommended,243470,10271333,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Kozzy-New Curb Your Enthusiasm!,"The gameplay is great, the gunplay is very good, the game world is crafted wonderfully, the invasions are a blast and it is just a ton of fun to play. The game isn't perfect, the main character and story are extremely generic and as with most open world games the opimization could always be a bit better.Other than that though I am liking most of all the other aspects that Watch Dogs brings to the table. Exploring the city doing random things is a blast, I have over 20 hours on the game already and only done 3 main campaign missions. I loved to go around and do my own thing in games like Read Dead Redemption, Fallout New Vegas, Farcry3 and GTA5, and Watch dogs offers some great stuff to do aswell when it comes to random events and side quests. The racing/driving I was not huge on at first but after 4-5 hours I started to enjoy it more. It handles loose and with less weight than say Forza or Grand Turismo, and more like DIRT or Rally Sport challenge. Still the driving aspect could be a bit better.Not a perfect game but it brings a ton of good things to the table and I can see myself playing this for atleast another 40-60 hours. With some improvement to the main character and some more work on optimization next games in this series could be even better. The hacking is fun, spying  on people and doing random crime events is a ton of fun, as is the versus modes and the Free Roam in which you and friends can cause havoc together. Right now I would give this game a 8.5 or 9/10, but still many more hours to be had, so far the good outweigh the bad by a large amount I must say.In a year dominated by indie games and kickstarter games for myself (Banished, Child Of Light, Transistor, Tesla Effect, Wasteland2, Divinity Original Sin,etc..), it is nice to finally get a good AAA game, especially after being very dissapointed with Elderscrolls Online. Some of the little things in this game are just great, such as people putting on coats or using umbrellas when its raining, the trees, grass and green leaves all moving with the wind, the intense feeling of being invading in game and the joy of feeling like a superhero as you save some lady from getting killed during a random crime you just so happened to hear about with tech goodies.Is it better than GTA5? In some ways yes, in some ways no (Let's not forget it is it's own game). I think GTA5 is a bit more polished and I like the story/characters more but I also love the hacking, the invading aspect and the game world of Watch Dogs a ton. Both are very good open world games though! If you want an open world game that has some cool new gadgets, a wonderfully crafted gameworld, nice graphics, a wonderfully executed Invading aspect and fun gameplay and don't mind it being light on story or the main character being generic, pick this up ASAP! I think GTA5 is a little better overall but don't let that put you off Watch Dogs because the gunplay, hacking, invasions and stealth are all very well done.Just finished it, hit the 80 hour mark, did alot of side quests and the tailing invasions, overall good game if you wanted a score I could understand anywhere from a 7/10 to a 9/10. Maybe toss me in the middle with a 8/10."
76561198031750715,Recommended,243470,24667115,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Zoah,"The game is fun. Aiden is pretty cliche, but there are other characters (Tbone and Tobias) that I enjoyed immensely.  The Bad Blood addon is pretty fun, but short.The major crimes of the game is basically because of Ubistench.Low under 30 FPS on a pretty good machine, regardless of settings.Standard Ubisoft gameplay, climb tower, unlock stuff, etc, youve played one Ubisoft game, youve played most of them.The driving is BAD..I just couldnt stand it, and ignored a pretty large chunk of content due to it, easily the worst part of the game.The hacking is nothing more than turning knobs around, simple but pretty repeatative.The ""morality"" system is pretty wonky too. Ill be running from the police, and a cop would hit me into a pedestrian and IM the bad guy? Wat? Oh but carjacking someone, then blowing up a steam pipe and killing a bunch of people when i turn all the lights green at an intersection is a-OK.Buy is on sale."
76561198076388928,Not Recommended,243470,10261540,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,British Adam,"Performance is terrible considering this game was delayed by 6 months..no idea what Ubisoft were doing in that time frame. The game has been significantly dumbed down (it still looks nice though) since the initial showing at E3 2012. The PC, judging by the performance is definately NOT the lead platform. Lack of blood spatter/blood and car damage is almost non existent. Not had these sorts of issues since the release of BF4. Stuttering is significant, which is consistent when driving at high speeds. Tried all sorts of fixes with little help, but with the long delay of the game these sorts of ""fixes"" shoudn't even need to be attempted. Settings are all ultra with Temporal SMAA but have tried all low/medium/high. Stuttering is still there so it's not a lack of Vram but the game itself. Frames are erratic on all settings - I have only had problems on 2 games, this and BF4.....and the launch of AC IV was a bit dodgeyThe only real positives I can say about the game at the moment is the water effects and rain effects at night a long with the particle effects.My specs:Windows 7i5 3570k @ 4Ghz16GB Hyper X 1600MhzEVGA GTX 780Seagate 7200rpm + OCZ Agility SSD (tried the game on both)."
76561198257589239,Recommended,243470,27774594,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,marinerush20,"This is awesome,if you cant afford watch dogs 2 or you want to get into the storyline of watch dogs buy this i have a medium pc when it comes to specs(not the best but its the best i got)inruns me 7-19 fps,latelly i have learned more of fps and 12 above is playable believe me im dead serious.You can do allot in the city like play chess,go to shops,go to hotspots,hideouts but the best part is the main storyline which im not going to spoil but it is a great story and you will love it.10/10 Dedsec approves"
,Not Recommended,243470,10282558,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Tu🅱️es,"Dear Ubisoft,We know you only want money.Sincerely,Everyone"
,Recommended,243470,10291436,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Master black,"One of the best games in 2014, it's incredibly fun but patch is a must to fix some of the bugs..."
76561198295816552,Recommended,243470,29970284,Posted: 16 February,all,✪ Wyren ✪,"After 118 hours I can say this game is great. Of course there are bugs/glitches but also addictivePros:+great graphics+nice stunts for parkour+watchable cutscenes+online contracts are playable - online hacking and tailingCons:-story is piece of junk, same ubisoft story as always; vengeance/revenge-no customizing stuffs in online-gaining +50 of winning, losing -250 of losing-there is a lot of side missions like more than 100 and more than main missions I have completed all of them by the way-missions are too similar and it is such a boring-game technical issues-no suppressor for weapons except one pistol; spec ops 1911 (others are gained by completing missions)-instantly fps drops-bad stealth effects - like he screams but no one hears him"
,Recommended,243470,23567084,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,ThatSquidiot,I loved every bit of the campaign.ʕ◉ᴥ◉ʔ
,Not Recommended,243470,21756138,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Regiseal,"Lengthy, boring missions that require perfect execution. I've restarted from checkpoints WAAAY too many times on easy difficulty. This is nothing like GTA, Saints Row, etc. I have given up trying to have fun with or complete this game because there are much better ways to spend time."
76561198048755692,Not Recommended,243470,12138567,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Mothra,"Have no sound 5.1 in game,so won't play."
76561198135907330,Recommended,243470,17279944,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Capri-Sun,good game needs a longer campaign though
,Not Recommended,243470,10377877,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,I am lonely send help,"Watch_Dogs on the PC is a port, it was designed for the PC and originally for the PC, but just by looking at it. One would wonder ""It looked alot better at E3."" The game has been downgraded to fit consoles, and it was to put in one word, depressing.I couldn't help but be reminded by Infamous, being that you have to take control of different areas of the city, which didn't even feel necessary. The city and the woodland parts of that map all felt very small.The police chases are the best part of the game, where you have to use you're knowledge of the area to out smart the cops, but this time you have hacks. Blowing a steam pipe which for some reason blows up a car is very satasfying, but when you do destroy a car they force the camera behind you just to make sure that you know you blew that car sky high. Which usually ends up in you crashing or just being annoyed. I thought that cool guys didn't look at explosions.The controls are meh. The story starts off slow, but catches up at chapter three or four, and it works pretty well as a stealth game. I get very tired of the trenchcoat, it was cool at first, but gets very old after awhile. The different colors for your trenchcoat barely change the almost bland feeling the main charactor gives off. It tries to force feed you emotion at the end, when the character build up was so bad that I could care less about them.Since the game was supposed to be a racing game at conception, I had high hopes for the vehicles. They are all as light a feather, with trucks as an acception. There were no flight vehicles, which dissapointed me.I want to be able recommend this game, but with the graphics being as sad as they are, the gameplay being repedative, and the bland charactors. I would say to just wait for GTAV for PC."
,Recommended,243470,10258988,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Olsalt,"So far, I really enjoy this game. What I havent enjoyed is having uplay be, well, uplay. The game itself is a very fun game, with lots to offer to different peoples play styles, you can hack into a building from a block away, and get into the servers without ever firing a shot. If hacking isn't your cup of tea, you can go in guns blazing, murder everyone, then hack in. I really think more people should give this game a chance before bashing it, but I too have had some problems with graphics, and most of all, uplay. I would reccommend the game, but I would wait until they release some sort of patch. If you do not mind the occasional video or software bug, then go ahead and play, I have, and I am so far really enjoying it. The story so far is good, and Aiden is a likeable character. The game I would give about a 8 out 10. The experiance of getting it to work correctly I would give a 4 out of 10"
,Not Recommended,243470,23526245,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,arszhdanov,"Bought this game twice (thanks, region lock)Cannot play because Uplay suspends my account for several tries to recover my password0/10Will never buy a Ubisoft game ever again. Will pirate all of them and seed 24/7 without even playing"
,Recommended,243470,28093887,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,lol,not that bad
,Not Recommended,243470,13188641,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Peachy Fennec,"Watch_Dogs is a game about the least interesting man in the world, he lost people so the world will lose people. He is distant from his friends due to his taste in music and his inability to cope with forgetting how to drive. This game was made by the people at Ubisoft who feel that 'Drive' is under appreciated and love to climb “towers” to advance in the workplace. This game taught me the true meaning of wanting to kill yourself."
,Not Recommended,243470,13675489,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Netbreak,"Pre-ordered it, had to download Uplay to play it (double DRM), the graphics weren't as I expected, very badly optimized, very poor story and gameplay.PS: I also tryed to start a new game for my friend to play, looks like there's only 1 slot for that and I lost my save, not playing again for at least a year"
76561198068991418,Recommended,243470,10262141,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Sorti,"I run it on r9 270 with a i-5 3340 processor and it works perfectly fine, its one of the greatest games i have ever played!!!!"
,Recommended,243470,22543361,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,ElusiveOne,"Watch_Dogsis a flawed, unpolished gem that shows as much promise for its next iteration as unfulfilled potential in its current incarnation. Feeling very much like a work in progress with its technical hiccups and underdeveloped design, it is nevertheless replete with enough imaginative concepts to make it worthy and entertaining.Its story missions build up in intensifying moments, especially towards the end game. Useful upgrade options are presented in clean UI that gives the game a stylish yet sober presentation. Competent shooting mechanics and a good diversity of weapons and gadgets make the fights engaging enough. Hacking people and the city is tons of fun and never gets old, particularly with hilarious DedSec videos!Digital Trips are fun unrelated additions that could be the basis of decent standalone budget games. I wish Watch_Dogs had more of these great diversions and less of the mundane cash runs and betting mini games. While aplenty, other side missions don't quite make sense in the context of the story and they almost invariably play out the same way.The game's main character does come out a bit hollow, making it difficult to easily support his motives – Aiden Pearce rightfully deserves the mess he dug for himself. He believes he's the good guy but he comfortably hurts hundreds of people, not all of them dangerous criminals. For instance, he'll violently batter thugs who steal wallets but hacks virtually everyone's bank account in the same beat. The game does acknowledge his conflicting methods later on, which makes it somewhat more sustainable.Watch_Dogs' version of Chicago is a fun place to explore as a whole though its rare shops offer very few interesting propositions. The best guns are handed out for free or obtained through missions and you'll never run out of bullets. The other shops mostly just sell sandwiches and coffee or nearly identical sets of clothes that no one else wears. Players don't have to buy cars or homes or anything really, so making money is easy but without anything worthwhile to spend it on you'll be a useless millionnaire before the end credits.The city is a great playground, yet feels very unnatural at times. Citizens overreact too strangely to garage doors opening, whereas they won't budge if you come at their vehicles in a firetruck, sirens blaring. Civilians literally throw themselves at your vehicle during chases. The good bits include various humorous situations you can witness throughout the city, such as a guy getting his stuff thrown on the sidewalk by his enraged girlfriend, that bring life to the city. It is also pretty nice to look at in general.While ctOS prides itself in being a state of the art security system, you can break♥♥♥♥♥♥up in the city and the police never shows up unless you're playing a mission that specifically demands it. Once they do show up, cops are complete idiots who will shoot directly into crowds in the off chance a bullet might graze you.The better game mechanics would presumably let you complete missions in perfect stealth by causing fake accidents. However this premise completely breaks the minute you indirectly attack an enemy vehicle (blowing a steam pipe, for instance) as they instantly know your exact location even when you hacked it remotely from three blocks away.Online Invasions can be annoying in difficult to defend dense urban areas. However, they also provide a sudden rush of adrenaline and excitement since they create very unpredictable moments with the one other human player in your environment. They're among the best and freshest ideas this game brings to the genre.Other annoyances include clunky car controls and poor camera work, huge framerate drops even on recommended settings, and overly sticky cover mechanic. It is impossible to replay completed missions except the lesser city games. Also, the unimpressive licensed soundtrack left me skipping songs more than half the time, though the performance talent, sound effects and music composed specifically for the game are uniformly solid.Despite the obvious number of imperfections, I did spend 60+ hours in the game and definitely enjoyed most of it. Here's hoping its sequel will be an equally impressive step forward that will take this series from good to great."
76561197970569431,Not Recommended,243470,23469678,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,JPdelaGhetto,Watch_Dogs is actually a fun game to me. I played all the way through it and even the DLC and I enjoyed it a lot. I've even pumped for the sequel. So why the downvote?I played it on PS4. The PC version is terrible. Picked it up on sale thinking I'd love to play the superior version. However it's a very bad and unoptimized port. I knew it was at launch but I figured it would be better after all this time. I have a rig that can run most anything on Ultra. Including GTAV. Yet this game goes chug a chug chug on high to medium settings.I'm only not recomending this game due to the performance. The game it self is super fun.
76561198079032237,Recommended,243470,10269623,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Sanas Clalc,"So, Watch_Dogs was released yesterday and suffered some critical reviews due to the♥♥♥♥♥♥stain that is Uplay and it's connection problems. Players couldn't even access the game they paid £39.99 or £44.99 (my case) for, including me. After quite a spectacular flurry of Uplay-related insults, I opened the launcher and to my amazent it worked! So lets get on to the game: The graphics are great but the lighting isn't as good as it was when it was shown at E3 and as you may know, lighting can make a game look really, really fantastic. But the gameplay is what got it for me; the ability to peek into the privacy of people and find out who has herpes or who like to watch hentai. Also, being able to hack traffic lights and various other things such as blockers or spikes to your advantage or just to create some carnage. The game does have some performance issues but I was able to workaround them by switching from fullscreen to borderless in the settings which worked remarkably well and now I can enjoy the game without stuttering. Watch_Dogs also has a large campaign filled with complex and unique characters, but I won't tell you about them... You'll have to find out for yourself. Apart from the campaign, there are various side missions such as the ability to prevent crimes (my favourite), stop convoys or do fixer contracts. Multiplayer is greatly encouraged, and it is actually quite fun without the... connection problems. This review was quite short as I am tired but I rate Watch_Dogs a solid 9/10"
76561198020742026,Not Recommended,243470,23467880,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,~Allure~,"Want to play a game that Crashes every 5 minutes, even 2 years after its initial release? Then this is the game for you."
76561198048192353,Not Recommended,243470,10527997,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Invisibelle,"I like the idea of the game but the game is broken, the optimization is rubbish and the game feels like it is locked to 30fps because i never get higher then that and this game is meant to be based on PC platform and it does not work for most people and people that it does work for get mager problems such as stuttering, lagging  and blue screan crashes. I hope that steam offer re-funds on the game because i want my money back on this game"
76561198091201900,Recommended,243470,10263209,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,B-A-B-Y,When I started getting into the game I was a bit dissapointed I expected more then there actually was but it doesent mean the game is bad here is what the game does well.-Very nice and detailed world-Nice graphics (Not like the 2012 e3 gameplay trailer but not bad)-Alot of options to tackle missions-Arcadey driving-Nice gunplay-Decent amount of side activities to do-Pedestrians react to the world-Nice fluid animations(There are somethings I havent listed so I reccommend looking at gameplay yourselves)Here is what the game did bad.-Uplay (Duh)-Poorly optimized for PC (Hopefully they will fix that soon)-(Sometimes) Hear the same dialoauge while walking on the street-Framerate can dip sometimes-(Sometimes) Hard to get immersed in the world when you see different people doing the same animations(There are also some thing I have not mentioned here):If you were hyped for this game (Like me) You will be a little dissapointed but overall if I had to give it a score I would give it a 8/10
76561198068964726,Not Recommended,243470,10879820,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,keicoii,"I will admit, while fun to play it is nothing special. It still crashes from time to time hindering missions. I would wait until they fix the game and at least a $40 drop in price.**UPDATE**I can't play more than 10-15 minutes without it crashing... Thanks Ubisoft... you got me.**UPDATE 2 7/26/2014**Crashed again... but this time lost all of my progress. Including the cloud saves. Have to play from the beginning. When is UBISOFT going to fix this crashing problem?"
,Recommended,243470,10281721,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Mc Lovin',This game is supposed to be top quality but then you opewn it and your graphics card is the wrong brand and it shuts down...Dont think of the money Ubisoft think of the gamer!
76561198074410153,Recommended,243470,23559740,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,AtomicMan8,"I have personaly put in 100hrs into watch_dogs. Having so much time with a game and haveing played through it twice now. I can say it is a very flawed game. The game has graphical issues , the story that has much to be desired, and missions that may seem repetitive after the first 5 times, but still I find a very unique quality about watch_dogs that kept me glued at my desktop for 8-12hr play session.  I can also say that because Hacktivist groups such as Anonmyous, and  the Edward Snowden/NSA Incident were such large defining events in my life and to see them paralleled in Watch_dog was an amazing game experrience for me. Relizing that is my own veiws on watch_dogs, if I take a more objective look at the game I think its a fun open world that you will get some cool moments from but its not worth more than 20$ for the avarage consumer. I would like to say if you are into CyperSecurity, Goverment Surveillance, and Hacktivism than this a is going to be something you really enjoy"
76561198046124276,Recommended,243470,10302476,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,◄Joker►,"A great game just for the driving itself. It features a whopping 5 frames per second and if you are lucky maybe even 2, this game is a must buy for crash-seekers as the amount of jittering and lag spikes creates tension and leaves you wanting more."
,Recommended,243470,10311720,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Seneschal Memerick,"I can say, this game went to the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ on the hype train. The hype train basically crashed into an orphanage and killed everybody. I still enjoy the game, but if you hyped it's badMaybe a 6.5/10 from someone who didn't hype."
,Recommended,243470,10418339,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Sir Winkledink,"Good game, real typical Ubisoft game though with the kind of lame nobody really cares depressing story line.Gameplay is a lot of fun and the graphics are stunning (Not as was expected but still great to look at, specially during night time in the rain.) Multiplayer has fun features and some variety to it, though after a while it gets a bit boring though.Taking down gang hideouts with your silenced pistol while remaining undetected or toying with the enemy by hacking random things around them.Stopping criminals that randomly shoot or stab someone and helping random citizens which then results in your reputation getting higher is very satisfying (For how long it stays fresh and fun).Also, people comparing this game to GTA V obviously dont know what they are talking about.Watch_Dogs focuses on different things and makes you feel more involved and emerged in the world, which for me is very important.7.5/10"
,Not Recommended,243470,10295990,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,BillCN,The game mechanics and driving are absolutely awful. Don't even bother playing if you have an AMD chipset.
76561197970396543,Not Recommended,243470,10275280,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Riddick [Strictly ER],"[The pre-order that broke the gamer's back.]I can truly say that I've been a PC gamer since the mid/late 80's, back when games like 'Karateka,' 'Prince of Persia' and 'Gauntlet' were all the rage to kids looking to get their game on without being bullied in the arcades of New York City. Since then it's been up and down. For every 'Half Life,' we've had to wade through the muddy waters of disastrous games like 'Daikatana,' 'Trespass' and 'Prince of Persia 3D (ouch).' Recently, I've been doing my fair share of ""wading"" though, pre-ordering garbage like 'Remember Me,' 'The Bureau: X-Com Declassified' 'Takedown: Red Sabre' and even 'Batman: Arkham Origins.' ...all in the name of eventually being able to play something truly great.So, imagine how unbelievably charged I was to find out that I was going to get to play the next 'Half Life' quality game in 'Watch Dogs.' Terms like 'truly emergent gameplay' and 'fully interactive sandbox environment' were used. I was thinking that the game would be something of a cross between 'Splinter Cell,' 'Deus Ex,' 'Max Payne' and 'GTA.' Who knew that in less than 5 hours of gameplay, 'Watch Dogs' would pan out to be nothing more than a watered down 'GTA' combined with a bit of 'Assassin's Creed' with some repetitive hacking for good measure?Without saying too much more, I can say this. Based on how this game was released and the overall quality of it, NO ONE should pay more than $40.00 for this game and that's if you have a rig that won't overheat because you turned up the settings to the level that they were supposed to be. If you're looking for anything great, I'd tell you to load up and old GTA game again. But just to help everyone understand. This is NOT the next 'Half Life/Halo/Deus Ex/Arkham City' quality game.And as for this writer, this game represents the LAST PRE-PURCHASE I will ever make. I've finally figured that game review embargoes are the most significant indicator of if a game is worth pre-ordering. If the reviews come out after the game comes out, don't make the purchase until after the game comes out. ...my advice to those who have to be a little tigher with their wallets.WAIT UNTIL IT GOES ON SALE!!!"
,Not Recommended,243470,10801497,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,TwistedMexican,"It's sad that the modding community had to unlock what the game was always intended to be. I've enjoyed this game, but I can't in good conscience recommend it to anyone in it's stock state."
,Recommended,243470,10254732,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Warchief,"Nice Game.Good Graphics.Fun Hacks.Standard Story.However. Whoever programmed the driving really needs to work harder. Much harder, because Mario cart has better car handling…Additionally. Whoever came up with ""Uplay"" should die in a fire and then reincarnated and then die again in a fire ""Repeat"" until Uplay is Cancelled.Power to STEAM <Fist in the air>Over all 8 out of 10."
,Recommended,243470,10257480,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,stay away from me CSOFFER.ME,20/haxbest game of the year - all years
,Recommended,243470,10299067,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Gargaj,"Very good, maybe even great - rare is the game to have so many things, but also get most things right. The atmosphere and setting carries the experience on its shoulders."
76561198073003570,Not Recommended,243470,10894795,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Nuck1es,"Story:Heard the same story for a number of uPlay games, someone dies you have to revenge there death and blah blah blah game complete.Game play:The same old game from uPlay. If you have played Farcry 2 its very much the same with the added ably to interact with and object form a distance, you cannot jump just vault which can be problematic a lot of the time is a city landscape so you find your self running around object’s a lot even to a obtaining a vehicle can be hard when NPC do not drive around much or when you call in a vehicle it spawn in the next town over (a 15sec run away). The lead female NPC looks like a splitting image of the female tribesmen from farcry 2. About halfway through the game it’s the same thing over and over, run there have that, run there kill them, and repeat. there is an upgrade system in place it helps  very little by add the ability to interact with object/NPC isn’t that interesting/hardly needed as I found myself ether shot the NPC or following them, want to get rid of the police good luck hacking countless object to stop them bring more on then the copper gets into the action which you have to get rid of first then try to hide undercover somewhere if not take the boat out were the police cannot get you (as there are no police in boats) expect for the copper however with a few shots it leaves. There is a huge gun choose but a few selected gun (Silenced Vector, ACR, Shotgun) will get any job done. Stealthy completing mission’s is not all that hard once you tagged every NPC though a camera, or you go in there guns blazing once the area is clear walk around as you please. Most of side mission are good and more challenging then the main mission but there is one side mission that should have been removed that the drinking game it’s pointless and completing is the other thing, line that circle up and press a button huh! If you fail you start the level again best out of # (5 I think). uPlay next time try a version where you have to run, shoot, drive drunk (Yes some government might have some issues with it as it might condone it, tell them it’s a GAME). other them that that game do have some upside whatever that is running down people, fighting police or going online to verse other hacker in their game there ishoursof entertainment.Getting around:- On Foot:There’s a lot of (semi slow) running, you will spawn at your HQ and have to call in a car at which point you will have to run for about 15sec before you reach it. Would be nice to have a toggle option to hack NPC phones as you pass them on the street rather than having to holding 'Q' every 5secs.- Vehicles:Cars a uses, get into a powerful car hit the gas and start sliding uncontrollable or get a bomb of a car which putter's around there is no in between . Motorbikes are driveable however try turning at hyper drive speeds with no forces enabled. Boats do not a lot to with the game just going from one side of the city's water bank to the other is about all you will find yourself doing. If I remember rightly this is only 1 or 2 very short mission you will compete on the water. There is NO shooting from the any vehicle makes which makes you use the hack ability to destroy the environment to slow down or kill NPC/police.- Air:This is no way of getting around via a plan, copper, wing suit, even trying to flap your arms.All-in-all:I did enjoy for the most part the game however the game HAD so much potential to become an awesome game but they lack the fundamentals of too days open world games.Spoiler:There is going to be a Watch Dogs 2, Which will have you shutting down the mob the wanted the server intel which in turn will have them control some parts of the city if not have hackers(gangster) like NPC doing it."
76561198008887691,Recommended,243470,23806811,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,thirdcaliber,"So far having fun with single player. Driving has been great honestly compared to older GTA games. Smooth gameplay, good skill tree, not very friendly to mouse with the inventory wheel, but works. Seems they fixed a lot the issues with graphical requirements and fine tuned it a little. This is running on a older i7 870 2.93 GHz with 8 GB ram and AMD 7850 graphics card at 1920x1200 with KB and Mouse.Only 1 real down side to the whole game I found so far. How to put it in a way that follows TOS.. hmm.UPlay. That lovely system generated by bowel movements needs to be removed from our plane of existance. Whoever thought Uplay was a good idea should be assisted by others pulling them happily through fire ants and gently tapped with flaming wooden baseball bats and maybe a crowbar for good measure to help ease the solution. Futhermore the guy who thought steam should allow UPlay to work with ANY of the games it allowed to sell should meet a less specific response and just be met with HR and their Manager to be shown proper response to poor judgement choices and a exit interview."
76561197970484290,Not Recommended,243470,10343806,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,S1STEMAT1C,this game its stupid - ubisoft people really dont have style - the deafult skin is the best dont bother to change it cause the rest of the skins are all baggy ghetto style from the 90's -- this is a hacker game and i was hoping more like retro city cyber crime game where the the bad boys are wearing armani suits with a bunch of cool high tech toys  -- this guy its fighting gang members from the hood the plot just dont click -- to make it short after a few hr in the game u going to get bored cause its so repetitive not to mention  the pak of bugs this game has  -- i was really hoping for a different type of game after i watched the trailer but no -- its just another GTA with a cool cell phone -- wait for the game to be on 75% sale then get it!
,Recommended,243470,10821707,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Mr. Fox,it was fun until i hacked a guy and noticed he had cancer
76561198087942662,Recommended,243470,10306528,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,WOULD YOU LOOK AT THE TIME,"Despite the bad rep the game has gotten, it's not all bad. The story is great, charcter development is great as well, gameplay mechanics are fairly good. I personally havent had any problems with Uplay or the game itself. Sure the graphics arent E3 standard but it's not like they're 8-bit. The graphics are good even on a medium setting.Also I stole money from an unemployed father of two, 10/10"
,Recommended,243470,33295283,Posted: 5 July,all,Julian,Its a good game for singleplayer.The story is good and the movement system isnt hard to know.There are some little puzzles in the game to hack things and sometimes you have to find your way by hacking camera's.I recommend you this game if you like singleplayer games.The graphics are good and the gameplay is smooth.I personally like watch dogs the most because of the parkour system because you can make your way out the game.I rate this game a 6.7 / 10
,Recommended,243470,10644571,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,horner.tj,u get wat-ch_doge iz gud gaem
76561198088209407,Recommended,243470,25048471,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Timefighter101,"Watch Dogs is an OVERALL good game, though it could be heaps better but couldn't any game. Well, when I started playing I couldn't play because it was so bloody bugged out which made me pretty much dislike the game until the point of me bleeding out my eyes. but as months passed I decided to have another crack at it, and you know what? BUGS, CRASHES. So I ended up getting a new PC and playing Watch Dogs it about 3 months after that. And It was pretty good. I did like the story, I enjoyed hacking into things going into the clubs. You know, you usual. The Only thing that really bothered me was that in cutscenes I couldn't hear the voices; only the music. But all well at least Ubisoft didn't forget to put in subtitles!My overall ratting would probably be 7.5/10Mainly the story and those TRAINS in multiplayer!!"
76561198078464346,Recommended,243470,10281943,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Fadezz,"I liked it, i would say worth"
,Recommended,243470,10295074,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,CompleteGeorge,Hi there i know im sexy yeah sexy.....Back to the review lol.I have an AMD 7970 3gb and the game works fine i do have low fps 45-60 and it aint that bad.I use vsync anyways which caps it at 30fps because it hates me lol.The story is great i havent finished it yet.Its not as short as people say if your actually putting attention to the story and doing it at a normal paste it will last you long time.And of course the side quest and mini-games.And the driving is great dont let people tell you other wise okay okay if you want easy driving easy drifting easy handeling then you might not like this game's driving and if that happens just walk lol.To hard to be nice and to easy to be evil.Graphics could get better in the morning and in early part of the game the game look worse that the rest for some reason.AA is broken or too demanding even whit my beast of a pc.The multyplayer isnt as fun just because its complicated.Might be kuz uplay wants to keep being the primary launcher/invite sender.PS.Fraps will mess up your uplay/steam layout launch game first then fraps.I just hope they had stuff we can do in free roam.And i would recommend it of course if your pc can handle it dont think you can turn everything high or untra an magic will happen lol.
,Recommended,243470,10289962,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Vincent,"This game is very interesting to take your time through and just walk down the streets and observe people sometimes. I find the single player in this game to be lots of fun. However, the multiplayer is absolutely atrocious. I've not seen many worse multiplayer mechanics in a game before. The host of a server that you invade always has increased health. This is most likely because you are not supposed to kill them. Only tail them or hack them. If you are found you have to escape. But, why escape if you should just be able to kill them? They have increased health almost to the point of almost immortality. Another thing I would like to note. Is the mouse controls and mechanics in this game. Acceleration is forced and so is aim assist. Granted, you can turn down aim assist to minimal, but it still helps too much. Aim assist actually makes my aim worse because it slows down my reticle when I'm moving it towards targets. Overall the singleplayer is fun and I enjoy it. So I do reccomend the game. Multiplayer I could do without though."
76561198065510045,Not Recommended,243470,10261749,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,dvltattoo,"This game is comlete garbage, runs horribly, (im on 780s sli 3570k @4.4 ghz 16gb ram @2400, SSD) stutters like crazy even with doing all the known fixes but thats not the worst part.This game is a complete rip-off of GTA sereis, I'm almost speechless how low Ubisoft has sunk with this suppossed AAA tittle shame on them (never again Ubisoft) and shame on you if you waste your money on this crap."
,Recommended,243470,23728725,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Σηtrοργ,Runs great on i5 6600k and HD7850 with ultra settings...Nice game - you have to get used to the driving-mechaniks but it´ll take not much time... :)
,Not Recommended,243470,13091810,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Pharaoh Atem,"I was one of many who got suckered in by the Ubisoft marketing team. The game is bland and extremely repetitive. Climb a tower to unlock and area, then ""hack"", once again, into some base with ultimate ease the same way you did with every other base.The only thing I like is the random online encounters while playing. Hunting down someone who is hacking you keeps me on my toes! But other than that this game was overhyped and poorly delivered."
,Not Recommended,243470,10989589,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Henry Reed,"In a nutshell, Watch Dogs is a terribly optimized console port with downgraded graphics, repetitive game mechanics, pathetic storyline and non-innovative gameplay. Is it worth the sixty bucks it is being sold for? No. Does it look pretty? Yes, but it was downgraded to♥♥♥♥♥♥ Is it the gruesome, drama-filled vigilante-justice game that was advertised? No.  It’s a Frankenstein version of Assassin’s Creed, mixed with Far Cry 3 and topped with Splinter Cell Blacklist. There is zero innovation, except maybe the hacking mechanics (which are just gimmicks).You play as a burly, white dude called Aiden Pierce, who has as much character depth as my rear end (none). His niece died (women-in-the-fridge trope) so he decides to go on a revenge trip. He is proficient in social engineering, computer science, hand-to-hand combat, every single military weapon/self-defense tool ever made in human history, driving both cars and motorcycles and parkour. He is unbeatable and utterly boring, in a nutshell — a Mary Sue. So we see two tropes being used so far, the woman-in-the-fridge trope and Mary Sue. But wait, there’s more! Not only does it use those incredibly over-used tropes that every movie, video game and book is following but a few hours through the game will get Aiden’s sister kidnapped, so now we got THREE tropes, including DAMSEL IN DISTRESS! Glorious storyline, that’s for sure.Let’s move on to the gameplay. The driving mechanics are b0llocks. It is incredibly arcade-like — the game doesn’t follow laws of physics. You can drive through objects, hit cars, hit street-lamps (and somehow break them off) without being slowed down. Turning is unrealistic and it feels like driving on ice. The game suffers from low view distance, making it near impossible to drive at high speeds without crashing into objects that appear a few meters away from you. You can also hack cars. I am serious; you can hack cars and get into them. However, you still hear Aiden putting the cars keys in even though you “hacked” the car.Cops are idiotic. If a civilian calls the police because a criminal is shooting, the cops will ignore the criminal and will attack you (even if you haven’t done anything).The shooting is very generic, think Splinter Cell Blacklist. Hand-to-hand combat is non-existent. You just press the F key to beat people down and somehow disable them by incorrectly using a baton. (Aiden swings his arm backwards and hits people even though he is supposed to swing the baton from his chest. It’s incorrect to swing the baton far back behind yourself due to the fact that you can hit objects on the way and it makes it extremely simple for your opponent to block your attack. Thankfully the enemies in Watch Dogs are downright ret@rded and know nothing about blocking).The hacking comes in handy but it just feels like a perk rather than a full fleshed-out game mechanic. Most of the time you will be doing a ridiculous hacking mini-game which doesn’t even remotely resemble real-life hacking (at least they could’ve made it look realistic but they just put in a water-pipe mini-game).The city feels alive, so they got that right. It looks remotely similar to Chicago. It is nowhere near how it actually looks like but it’s close. I don’t find that a problem since Ubisoft’s goal wasn’t to copy and paste real-life Chicago into the game. However, there is one problem that I found in the virtual Chicago. In any gun store in you can buy weaponry such as .50 caliber sniper rifles or pump-action grenade launchers. In Chicago, Illinois. Apparently Ubisoft was too lazy to add black market stores so they just took regular gun stores and added illegal weaponry in. I don’t see the point of it anyway, why couldn’t there be just hand-guns and a few rifles? Why did they have to shove in military-grade weaponry?All in all, the game is average. It looks pretty, despite the downgrade, runs like♥♥♥♥♥ despite Ubisoft’s claim that PC is the lead platform, has decent gameplay, ignoring that it is a mix of Ubisoft’s previous games, and has an average story, if you manage to ignore the tropes and terrible dialog.If you still want this game, either pirate it from a reliable warez group (such as nosTEAM) or buy it on a sale (keep in mind, Assassin’s Creed 1, a Ubisoft game, is still 20 dollars despite being seven years old, so don’t expect a cheap price)."
,Not Recommended,243470,12250427,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,ratocx,"The story is boring and predictable. I'm unable to be emotionally engaged in any of the characters. Side-quests are too similar and reminds me too much that this is a game. The people in the city doesn't feel as alive as I hoped. The world of GTA V feels much more alive in my opinion. Multiplayer stuff you try once and then never again.One problem I see with this game is that you never lose your abilities. I know it is a cliché for certain games, but here it would probably work quite well. Yes, I know that there is one mission where your abilities are reduced, but it is basically just for a few minutes.The game is not terrible, but the hype made it seem much better than it actually is. I'm sort of glad I played it, but one playthrough is more than enough."
76561198106704838,Recommended,243470,12008950,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Cellu.So,this is the best watching of all time12/10
76561198024312014,Not Recommended,243470,10930918,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,jamestomaslong,"The verification system for this with Uplay is just a joke. Support tickets raised with both Steam and Ubisoft but trying to load the game opens the awful Uplay interface where it asks for the CD key. You paste it, or type it, exactly as is and the key is invalid. You then try just verifying directly in Uplay without Steam and the key gets accepted. You then go to launch the game and it opens Steam which gives you the key and sends you back to verify things...now the key is tied to a user account already...yes, mine! Whilst not a review of the game itself it's worth noting that the game relies entirely on Uplay and Steam playing together nicely which they clearly don't want to do. For that reason I am not recommending this title at all - the verification and validation system in use is broken and can only encourage people to try and get around it in the future. What a total joke!"
,Recommended,243470,10263698,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,IKON Co-Leader Robwam,"""And then i spread my bumcheaks infront of the child, BLAM!"" - random citizen text"
,Recommended,243470,10309431,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Scampie!!,"Watch_Dogs was a fine open world game. But be warned of hype, it is good, not some sort of revolution in gaming. It hits on most of the major features of other open world games, but also misses several notable ones like character customization (no, 20 outfits that are mostly the same style but with different colors is not customization). The story it crams down your throat in the campaign and side missions feels like they lost track of what point they may have ever wanted to make and it just comes off as completely cliche and forgettable.The major feature it has that other open world games do not is 'hacking', which is done well and integrated into nearly everything you do in the game. It is often used for light 'puzzles' which require you to follow the flow of power or find security cameras that can see access terminals to hack, but it also has many uses in combat and car chases which feel fun. You also use it for scanning civilians and criminals, but I think they dropped the ball on how much you use it for any serious investigation. Sometimes you get a tip on a 'crime', which is just you either getting a package with minor items in it, or you chase down a purse snatcher. Mostly just steal money from average citizens, which likely makes you a worse guy that the purse snatchers, and there isn't even that much you need or want to buy.There is also an online 'invasion' mechanic, but I hated it. You are forced into a timed hide and seek game against another player hiding from you, and you need to find them and kill them before the time runs out. Most of the time, you can't find the other guy and you just feel like an idiot before you're allowed to go back to doing whatever it was you wanted to be doing. It would've been more fun as an opt in thing like the other online competitions.The graphics are pretty good, but again, nothing revolutionary. The style they went with is pretty realistic, which sometimes makes things look amazing when taken as a whole... and sometimes makes thing look like awful garbage like fields of billboard grass.I do think it's a decent enough game, I did have fun playing it for 35 hours (completed the main campaign and major sidequests), but it can easily be skipped. I also advise you to skip it if you want to avoid UPlay, as like any other Ubisoft game, it requires you to use it. Get it on sale someday in the future."
,Recommended,243470,10258686,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Tak[NoPants],"I stole over $5,000 from a guy who just lost his wife."
,Recommended,243470,10312589,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Susie Seven Blinks,"Now that i've actually got to play this game due to tweaking so it actually runs, it's not half bad.The driving physics are annoying in some cases, probably because you start off like you do if you floor it before the green light in mario kart, but easy to drive once you get used to it.It's pretty satisfying to sneak into a gang hideout or somewhere else and mess with everyones heads by ♥♥♥♥ing with stuff around them while you take them out or sneak by.Cops can be a challenge and the wanted system is pretty interesting, someone literally has to call the cops and you can smack the phone out of their hand.It's a pretty fun game once you get to play it, but due to its performance issues it'll probably be more playable once Ubisoft fixes it."
,Recommended,243470,10351337,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,General Moo,Got blue screen at start of game. I thought it was part of the game and sat there for half n hour waiting. GG will buy again.
,Recommended,243470,10359412,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,MustardLuxury,"I dont know why people didnt like this game but I found it really fun to play, for me, driving isnt bad and when you get used to it you can play the game properly :3"
,Not Recommended,243470,10278191,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Pontus,"Here's whats wrong with this game:The characters, the plot, UPlay, the hacking, the parkour, UPlay, the side missions, the mouse acceleration, UPlay, Uplay and the performance.Did I mention UPlay?"
,Recommended,243470,11734586,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,TC Foxtaur,"This game is a real mixed bag for me, but ultimately it's a 'win. The city and enviornment is stunningly detailed, it's an incredibly immersive place to explore. The multiplayer aspect of it is incredibly fun, being able to invade people's games (and have them seemlessly invade yours) is immensely satisfying. The gameplay elements themselves are also pretty interesting, certianly adds a bit of spice and variety over your usual first-person shooters or sandbox RPGs.However, the engine needs some serious work. Like, serious work. It's certianly shiny in places, but the performance is abysmal (and I have a reasonably decent graphics card). The single-player campaign is also extremely disappointing, mostly due to Aiden Pierce having the personality and emotional capacity of a wooden spoon. There's aspects to the storyline that if emphasised a bit more would have really lent to the story overall, but they were kinda just minor side points and not really explored in any detail.Ultimately, I *can* recommend this game, but not until the price drops a bit more and mostly for the multiplayer and the environment itself. If you're looking for a good plot and emotional storyline however, I suggest looking elsewhere."
,Not Recommended,243470,10255613,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,ayymet,"I cant luanch it, the uplay servers are down."
76561198043622165,Not Recommended,243470,10892685,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Dugger,"Talk about an over hyped game.  Lots of promise, except you get a dislikable lead character, silly story (his DID get his comeuppance at the beginning of the game), and gimmicky hacking.  Nice graphics (with the mods - GREAT) but otherwise an acceptable shooter.  Get GTA5 when it comes out instead, much better game, MUCH better story."
,Recommended,243470,10384951,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,FireSource,"It's a game with a great atmosphere. The concept is great and I enjoy it alot.The storyline is lacking, but I had a blast with everything else.When this game is on sale, you should definitely get it, right now it's a bit pricey for a lacking singleplayer experience."
76561198073521991,Recommended,243470,10284321,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,للكتابةPierreنضسحا,dont mind the players review for this game their refering to uplay it is a very fun game the driving is a bit wonky but the concept and campain are cool
,Recommended,243470,29216585,Posted: 12 January,all,Hitly,"I know I don't have much time played here, since I had already played through it on ps4 when I was a console pleb. I recommend the game when its on sale. The complete edition is worth it for the bad blood dlc which is better than the main campaign."
,Recommended,243470,10279332,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Pr3d | EZSkins.com,"Great game, when I can playIts now day 3 and I have spent more time trying to login to Uplay than I've been able to spend ingame."
,Recommended,243470,17413095,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Sid,"Can hack into the cameras and watch a guy fap in his home. 11/10 Jerry SanduskyNow on a serious note this game is truly fun and I would recommend it to anyone who has a friend to play with, but even if you don't I still find online freeroam fun. All the other online hacking are great as well, If you're looking for a great game to start this is your game and for only 39.99 (when this review was written)."
,Recommended,243470,13724494,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,fpj,"I really liked this game. It's a well-made open-world sandbox game with a lot of cool features, excellent graphics (albeit maybe a bit demanding hardware-wise), an adequate to good musical score, solid gameplay and an engaging story.I didn't experience any game breaking bugs, but as always: YMMV.I would have liked to see some more variety in certain areas such as clothing, weapons, and side missions. I liked the Gang Hangout missions a lot because they allowed for a lot of creativity, while others such as Fixer Contracts I didn't always care for.Regarding the hype. I don't usually fall for hype, but what I saw in that E3 is well in line with what the game delivers. If you look past the coreographed situation I found that it met my expectations and might even have gone beyond them in some respects.All in all, I really recommend this game. I got it on sale, 50%, but in hindsight I would have been happy to pay full price."
76561197993495947,Not Recommended,243470,23477310,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Himax,"All flash, no substance.Almost every gameplay mechanic is cumbersome and awkward to use, and the goals/objectives for any situation are poorly defined and even more poorly implemented (You have absolutely NO indication of what you are able/expected to do, enemies can see through walls, some objectives are literally NOT physically possible to achieve, controls are clunky and unresponsive-- driving in particular).This game was not properly playtested."
,Not Recommended,243470,10255682,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Kosta,"-Good graphics.-Okay gameplay.-Cliche story.-You can choose to get a Nvidia video card, or suffer a lot of crashes.-♥♥♥♥ING UPLAY"
,Recommended,243470,13651187,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Pink0Panda,"I feel like, in one way or another I should defend this game. Yes it was overhyped, yes the graphics werent what everyone expected. But if you looked past that combined with a few glitches this game was pretty damn good. I have invested a decent amount of time in both the base game and Bad Blood and I have enjoyed every second. When I first started playing the game it was running around 45 fps on a Asus GTX 670 Mini. I know have a 970 and the game runs smooth as butter. I was alittle dissapointed that with the graphical downgrade it didnt run smoother on older cards but still. I hope that Ubisoft looks at the parts they did right in Watch Dogs and, if they are planning a sequel, add on to this amazing features to create possibly one of the most enjoyable franchises out there."
,Not Recommended,243470,10278613,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,SnarkyRogue,"For all the hype and delay, it's an absolutely terrible game. And this is coming from a (usually) Ubisoft fan boy thanks to the Assassin's Creed series.Honestly, if you want it at all, wait for a crazy sale, game saving patches that will never come, or just move on. This is by no means a way to get your ""next gen experience"". Plus, if you have any sort of AMD components, you probably can't run it anyway."
,Recommended,243470,10321683,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Kespertive,"I'm not gonna pretend the game is perfect and has no problems...yes there are problems, but I didn't experience much of them. I fixed the stuttering by setting the game to borderless window mode, and it runs smoothly. I didn't see many bugs, the AI is pretty weak but despite all these problems the game is FUN, I finished the campaign after 24 hours of playtime, I'd say it does a pretty good job keeping you entertained, the story is pretty good as well, I enjoyed this game and I will play it again because I liked it.If this game didn't have this many problems I'd give it a 9/10but until most of these get fixed I'm giving it a 7/10d"
,Recommended,243470,10322440,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,SaberFox,i am Very Very Impressed with this game i've played 27hours and still havent finished it 10/10
76561197960818168,Recommended,243470,28932086,Posted: 2 January,all,Toxic,"THE GAME:itself is entertaining and fast paced, easy to play and simple. Physics are more arcady and enemies are not bullet sponges, except for the rare ocasion of heavy armored ones.There is a huge skill tree, that is not required to learn but makes certain missions easier. A lot of it is rinse and repeat, but in the end it is entertaining and the story is interesting enough to continue playing it.BACKGROUND:I have to say I was surprised how much dislike this game got because the graphics are fine, runs smooth, quick loading times lots of world detail etc. Though I can see at the original price tag at release of 60+ it would not be acceptable for what it is.I spend almost 20 hours in the game, and I finished the main story. I also spend about 1 to 2 hours of that messing around.WHY RECOMMEND IT?Important, I paid about €8.5 during a steam sale on it, so that makes the game worth it for what it is. I think a maximum of €15 - €20 is what I would recommend it for.Having said that, I only recommend it at a heavy discount."
,Not Recommended,243470,28799928,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Tarik,"Bought it during the winter sale for 8 bucksIt's not a terrible $8 game, but I would've been intensely disappointed for anywhere near original full priceDriving controls are terrible, gun mechanics are iffy, and the stealth system isn't very good. The overall world feels shallow - there aren't many world elements laced into the world that build upon the story and the environment. There just aren't things like the GTA radio stations that remind you that you're in a 'real' living place. The hacking puzzles are easy and feel like a brief time sink rather than a challenge. Even the character models can be a bit wonky looking. Required uPlay integration, as usual, also only makes the experience worse.Watch_DogsTM feels like a poor man's GTA. I can't think of a single game component in which either GTA5 or 4 is truly worse in comparison. Unless you really want the mediocre hacking mechanics/story, just replay either one of those."
,Not Recommended,243470,31641942,Posted: 9 May,all,Aces_Charles,Spent hours playing arround with settings trying to get at least a stable 30FPS without success on my gtx 970 machine. Can't recieve a refund because of the time I spent trying to make it playable.
76561198066585669,Not Recommended,243470,31320841,Posted: 23 April,all,CosmicCrusader,"This game has pretty fun gameplay mechanics like how you can hack stuff you see like street lights and doors. However, everything else is subpar and isn't worth the money. The music is terrible, and the driving is like driving around balloons because when you crash into something, you just bounce off of it. The combat is really satisfying but there isn't a very wide range of weapons you can have. You don't even get any melee weapons either. The only thing you get is this stupid 'takedown' move. All the missions are just the same few missions repeating over and over again. The plot is basically just 'someone hired someone else to kill me but they killed my niece instead so now i'm going to violently murder every single criminal in the entire city of chicago'. The whole story is just dumb and doesn't give you any real reason to keep playing the game. What i'm getting at is that there's no sense of urgency to any of it. Every time something bad happens to the main character he just goes ' oh lemme jus hack dis person's location an go and kill every single person there'.Overall, you're probably better off saving your money and buying GTA or something."
76561197971266632,Recommended,243470,23479335,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,ntblood5,"It was on sale, deluxe edition/complete-all DLC for $14. It's a fun game made better by the mod, ""play any npc"" at nexus, allowing me to play as the cutie, Clara. Fun game! Glad I waited for it all to be dirt cheap. Best advice I've read:""There are interesting side missions to do (gang hideouts are always fun, Ctos boxes, the investigations, privacy invasions, etc. are all pretty well done), but I consider the over abundance of fixer, convoy, and crime intervention missions to be the greatest flaw in this otherwise great game."""
,Not Recommended,243470,10923717,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,KomradeZero,"This game feels like it is missing some features that are in most open world games, including car customzation, which is something I enjoy doing in the area between missions.I was lucky enough to get past uplay on the first day, but the characters are forgetable, and I think this game will not be on any/many game of the year lists."
,Not Recommended,243470,13770330,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,DNAGAMES,"Well I really want to like this game but sadly the PS2 graphics, the decent gameplay, and the lack of optimiztion makes this game a 5/10."
,Recommended,243470,32869061,Posted: 27 June,all,doggomaster,"i played this game on console a few years back, glad im getting to enjoy it again. it recieves a lot of hate, but im my opinion honestly worth it."
,Not Recommended,243470,10275235,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Lycanthrope,"Ten hours in and bored by the repetitive gameplay.Ridiculous, juvenile game with a shallow story and a weak protagonist.Hypocrite anti-hero who tries to save people from crimes, despite being guilty of many of the same.Oh, and buggy as hell.Would not recommend to anyone with better things to do with their time and especially not for the price they're charging. Get it on sale."
,Not Recommended,243470,10256504,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Leo,"Watch_Dogs is poorly optimized for AMD hardware, I've never experienced a blue screen in the many years of computer experience and this game has give me 2 blue screens of death so far. I will not be playing this game as I do not want to risk damage to my system. The developers are out of their mind to be doing something like this. I would recommend waiting until there is a complete fix for the extreme optimization issues and blue screens of death."
,Not Recommended,243470,10258252,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Anarchy,If you haven't yet don't buy this game. You will literally have an easier time launching and playing it through a pirated version (I can only assume this is what Ubisoft wants). Ubisoft not only downgraded the game since it was shown in E3 but also managed to ♥♥♥♥ up the launch with so many problems that I would think I was playing an alpha/beta of the game. You're better off waiting for Ubisoft to get their head out of their asses and patch it than purchasing it now and going through all the fixes you'll need to go through in order to play it.The gameplay is great and all just getting to play the game is more trouble than its worth.
,Recommended,243470,16373545,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Eunmac,"A lot of people seem to hate this game simply because it doesn't match the E3 demo graphics.If you can take it as it is, this is a big title, looks great, with plenty to do and has some great moments. It can get tedious in places (the 'puzzles' are not so much fun as annoying) but  at the core, this is still a good game and on sale it is a bargain."
76561197984840856,Recommended,243470,10279018,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Rev0r . P13 .,"O.k, firstly just to get it out of the way, I am really enjoying the game.  Really enjoying it.  I know some people (a LOT of people) are having serious game breaking issues and this has led to more negativity than I have ever seen aimed at a game.*I am also acutely aware of how poor the game looks compared to some footage of the game we were shown at E3*However I appear to be one of the lucky ones, I have no problems in game with graphics, stuttering or mouse lag/acceleration issues. (or as has been pointed out, I don't notice I am suffering mouse problems)I am enjoying the campaign thus far,  I like the characters and their development.  I also find the story line although not new, entertaining.I like the game mechanics which are fairly varied and unique.Shooting and combat in general is great fun and I find the cover and move system both highly useful and intuitive.  It genuinely feels great to fire a gun and better to have those bullets land on a nice soft mushy meat target.The guns also sound great!Hacking and stealth camera hopping is great, from hacking into conversations and sms chats, stealing bank account information to exploit later to jumping into the city's CCTV network and stealthly checking out objects and carrying out remote hacks.Driving for me, someone who is neither used to nor interested in realistic driving simulators or someone who does much driving in games at all it's o.k.  It's easy and is a means to get from A to B (fast travel exsists between locations and your hide outs or to campaign start points).  I can certainly see why people dislike the driving as it is so easy and you feel disconected from the experiance due to the poor/shoody physics and weightless cars.There are many, many sub games and 'side missions' and these will generate many hours of enjoyable play time whilst not pursuing the main story.Overall, as stated I am enjoying playing Watch_Dogs greatly.  I am satisfied with what I got for my £45 (Digi Deluxe Ed.)I think we need to be realistic in our expectations,  I am not saying we should accept sub-standard games and out right false advertising/wilfull mis representation of graphics or game content but we cannot expect a game 'AAA' or otherwise to simply fall off the shelf and be 100% from day one.Hopefully ubisoft fix the big issues quickly and those having trouble playing get to enjoy the game for what it is.Final marks for me would be 7.5/10"
,Recommended,243470,11654571,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,mhofever,No real-time window reflections.0/10
76561198113046167,Not Recommended,243470,10894069,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,LIN-360,今年最垃圾的游戏作品，先是27号解锁当天打折卖现在今天28号给的key又用不了！
,Recommended,243470,32981209,Posted: 29 June,all,AngryDoge,Nice game
,Recommended,243470,22883875,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,GeoLuz 🎮💯👊🤙,"Watch_Dogs is a game set in Chicago, a city run by an operating system known as ctOS. It runs everything in the city, including traffic and trains. Everyone seems to have a smartphone and you depend on your smartphone to get around town and survive the challenges that make up the plot of this game.You are Aiden Pearce, a man who is haunted by his tragic past and is looking for revenge. Aiden has quite a boring personality, but he is trying to uncover a conspiracy that involves an underground cyberterrorism organization bent on hacking the ctOS, government corruption, and organized crime. Aiden’s smartphone is the key to uncovering the wide conspiracy, as it contains creative apps for hacking.The smartphone app that is in constant use is the Profiler app, one that profiles every citizen roaming the streets of Chicago. You can learn their names, their incomes, and their hobbies such as child porn or what kind of business they own. It’s pretty scary that a mobile app would disclose such sensitive info about other people, but the most useful info is the bank account info. You can hack their phones to download the bank account info so that you can withdraw their cash from one of the local ATMs.Watch_Dogs is an open world game like the Grand Theft Auto series, Assassin’s Creed series, and Far Cry 3. There are many side missions to complete including convoy, human trafficking, missing persons, and racing. Convoy requires you to pursue a target being escorted by his convoy. You must either knock down or kill the target. It can be fun, but it gets a little repetitive after several missions. Human trafficking requires you to find info on human traffickers that will ultimately lead to the main human trafficker in an exclusive contract upon completing all human trafficking missions. Missing persons missions require you to find dead people scattered around town who were killed by a serial killer. Racing requires you to deliver vehicles while evading police.In the main story you are guided by a guy named Jordi Chin, a “fixer” who is apparently friendly but his association with Aiden is strictly business. The main story is reasonably interesting and requires quite a bit of creative hacking to complete multiple objectives. The smartphone is relevant because many of these missions require infiltration of secure locations guarded by armored guards. There are usually multiple ways of completing each mission, but the most creative way is by using your smartphone to hack into surveillance cameras. It is possible to hack into one camera, then hack into another nearby camera. You can also hack into a camera an armed guard is carrying so that you can see what’s ahead of him as you plan your next move.The cover feature in the game is crucial to survival on both the main and side missions. Using cover is useful during firefights and while using stealth. I used cover while hacking into a nearby junction box with my phone so that the junction box would explode near an armed guard. However, the only problem with the explosion is that it will alert other armed guards. Other hacking methods include disrupting communications of armed guard that would send a such a loud blast of music that would enable you to sneak past him without him ever noticing and triggering a grenade to explode in the guard’s possession while he frantically gets rid of the grenade before explosion.There are hacking mini-games that allow you to intrude the servers of the city’s buildings, allowing you to see exactly what a resident is doing. This hacking requires to transmit data flow from one node to another by directing a blue stream of energy by rotating nodes until the data flow is blue. You must reach a determined endpoint as you rotate the nodes. Some of these hacking puzzles are more complex than others and there are some nodes with red outlines that are timers that require you to solve the puzzle in short time before the network is reset.There are many weapons Aiden can access for combat and can be purchased at the various local gun shops. There is a combat skill tree like skill trees for all other abilities on your smartphone, including hacking. The combat skill tree allows you to upgrade your ability to use each firearm. There is no rocket launcher for you to blow anything or anyone up, but the grenade launcher can definitely get you out of a tight situation. The grenade launcher really helps you out in a battle against enforcers, the most powerful and most armored guards in the game. An interesting ability in the combat skill tree is Focus, which allows you to slow down time while shooting it out with other enemies. The AI of the enemies is reasonable, as they will react if they see a downed comrade or if they hear an explosion. They will take cover and flank you if they know your location.There are online multiplayer activities that you can undertake such as online hacking and online tailing. These activities are contracts that affect your notoriety. Notoriety is a points system that can fluctuate according to how successful or how bad you are against other players. After reaching a threshold notoriety number, you can gain features such as anti-vehicle rounds and jam coms boost. Jam coms are special equipment you can use to keep the police or fixers from determining your location. Your mini-map may show yellow circles that indicate the police are trying to find your location. You can use jam coms to thwart their ability to locate you. At any time during the game you can be invaded by another player who is trying to hack your data. You will have to locate that player and shoot him before he steals 100% of your data. It always feels appropriately unsettling when you’re trying to start a new side mission or story mission only to realize that you are suddenly being invaded by another player.There are regular notifications about a crime detected on a particular street. Some searching around the area with your smartphone will show either the potential criminal or victim and you must hide so that the crime can be committed before taking action against the criminal. Once the crime is committed you can chase after the suspect, neutralize him and increase your reputation. Your reputation will affect how civilians will treat you. If you increase your reputation to vigilante, civilians will be less likely to report you to police, thereby making life easier for you on the streets of Chicago. The streets of Chicago look very realistic with skyscrapers, middle-class neighborhoods, and run-down neighborhoods that look like ghettos.Other online activities include chess, poker, shell games, and drinking games. These extracurricular activities test your skills related to Focus and help earn you cash if you win. There’s also a “digital trip” that allows you to ride a spider tank so that you can engage in city destruction and kills cops without damaging your reputation.The vehicle handing is not very good, especially with the mouse and keyboard. Making turns with cars tends to feel like driving on ice even when it is not raining. I do not know how vehicles handle with a controller, but the vehicle handling leaves a lot to be desired.While I found Aiden’s personality and the vehicle handling disappointing, it does not mean it is a bad game. Watch_Dogs is still a good game with a plot that includes interesting characters such as Clara Lille and T-Bone. Jordi could have been more interesting with more screen time. Clara and T-Bone really help flesh out the story and keep it from being bland. The diverse ways of creative hacking in the game and the beautiful graphics portraying Chicago make this game worth your time.My Score: 8/10"
,Not Recommended,243470,10314049,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,NATURE,The Game is Boring wait till steam sell to buy it for  $30 or below matter a fact wait for the goty edition . I will write a full review later if i can pick up the energy to playthrough the rest but yeah wait dont let the hype fool you.
,Recommended,243470,11544640,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Skylers Meth,"As is the norm with most open world games that require a lot of time, the story in Watch_Dogs comes across as forgetable and largely uninteresting. The main reason for it this time, is the games constant successful attempts at distracting the player. The distractions are fun for the most part, but once you get used to being taken for a ride so to speak, the games incessant reminders once they're over can become astoundingly annoying. Do any side mission or online hacking to completion and you'll be reminded to keep on track with the campaign by it's intro phone call telling you whats next. From about the fifth time onwards these can become maddening, so much so you either do them, or initiate another online function just to shut them hell up. Distract me sure, but don't punish the player with repetitive ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t for wanting to do them! The story is well acted and well scripted, but i find spreading it out a 30 hour campaign over 90 to 100 hours or more is the death knell for what could have been. STORY 6/10That aside, the main attraction gameplay wise for me has been the online hacking. I haven't been able to play a game yet where i simply play to complete the story, without being coaxed into an online session. It's a 1 vs 1 where you can't kill the other player, but they can kill you. You initiate a hack, run and hide (or not) and the other player does all they can to find and kill you. The feeling of nearly, not quite, but almost being discovered is genuinely some of the most exciting multiplayer sessions i've ever had. Finding smart players and dumb as ♥♥♥♥ players is always a treat. Even when they run, or when they discover you and fail at killing you before you find a car and bolt is simply amazing fun. Other modes have not piqued my interest enough for me to enjoy them. ONLINE 9/10Ubisofts lies regarding this games graphics and their ♥♥♥♥stick practices with system parity and patching it are well known now so i won't go into it. Suffice to say = 0/10 ♥♥♥♥ you ubisoft.Graphically, when this game is fully modded with a decent contrast and sharpening with a sweetfx preset and TheWorse mod on, it's simply the most beautiful, atmospheric, intoxicating game around today. A true next gen experience if there is such a thing with current hardware. The sunsets, fog and weather effects, wind, lighting and shadows are simply stunning. Well worth upgrading to see and play this on full settings. 7/10 ubisoft vanilla / 9.5/10 modded.I'm not sure why people have complained about the driving model and physics for the vehicles, as i found like any game it depends on which car you get into will make the experience. Good car, good experience and so on. It's fun as hell. 8/10The gunplay is competent as any other third person shooter and definitely better than GTA's. 8/10Apart from the unfortunate pairing of publisher and developer talent i can certainly recommend this game and look forward to the New Jersey expansion!"
,Recommended,243470,24485138,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,snakes alive,Game isn't as bad as I thought it would be.Graphics are amazing with the help of The worse mod.Gameplay is pretty solid.I found very little bigs/glitches during my gameplay.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xAlG2HocGfs
,Recommended,243470,10274632,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Daaay Man,Overhyped
,Recommended,243470,10283210,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Kiss me ;) ♡,"This could very well develop into my longest review of any game I've done thus far.  I will attempt to be brief.This game is quite possibly the best $60 game I have ever bought.  I can not remember a single game that actually gave me as much variety and replay-ablility as this one has.  The blend of technical aspects and visual ques are nothing short of impecable and I would be greatly interested in a sequel of this game to say the least.I believe the title did an absolutely amazing job of what it set out to accomplish with this blend of Splinter Cell, Assassins Creed, and GTA-like gameplay.  Other than the gameplay, the actual story of the game is just as captivating as the game in its entirety and does an amazing job of getting the player enveloped into the storyline.  For fear of spoilers, I will not go into this.The positives are just absolutely daunting when put next to the very few cons that I experienced.  A couple of the major flaws that I did experience were that sometimes the game does become very choppy/drop in FPS almost at random with no clear reason as to why, hopefully an update is pushed out for the game to help this.  The only other flaw that is very blunt and the player is forced to put up with is the car controls, they feel very loose and not very responsive to say the least.The game has so many different mini-games and each one varies greatly from the rest in location and mission objectives, I honestly spent probably 5 hours doing only 2 of the mini-games to completion.  I still have another 8 or so mini-games to go.  The amount of content is uncanny and to think that there is actually going to be DLC for this game absolutely BLOWS my mind.  I will be waiting for all of the DLC with bated breath.I could continue going on for another hour just writing this review, but I will close it out with my final thoughts.From my total # of hours put into this game (probably somewhere around 30 hours in the past 3 days), I would undeniably give this game a 5/5 on a scale and definetly recommend this game for anyone that is looking to buy one of the best titles that we will be seeing this year.  This game has landed a solid spot in my top 3 games of all time."
,Recommended,243470,10259683,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Nat Lft Toronto Lan,for alot of people it seems to be crashing and such i dont know why it doesnt happen to me but overall i can log into my uplay and play the game smoothly with no crashes. that saying they can put out updates to optimize it for others. overall gg
,Recommended,243470,10317061,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Supnut,"Do I recommend this game?The fact that I steal money from every person with cancer is definitely a plus side to the game.So to put this simply, it rains every other day, half the town has cancer, the other half is into some weird porno♥♥♥♥♥♥ and they all are apperently next level diabetics.10/10 must buy game if have cancer, CAN RELATE TO YOU. Would definitely fap to it"
,Recommended,243470,10316079,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Hello Kitty <3,"Hey,seeing theres usually fairly extreme views on the Game here some toughts of mine after playing the Game for about 30 Hours.First let´s start with the Issues: In the beginning I had fairly big Problems with the Performance but after alot of tweaking in the Settings the Game looks reasonably good and runs at a Solid 40-50 Frames per seconds besides driving (while driving the Game has fairly frequent Frame drops to around 20-30 fps which aren´t ruining anything but certainly makes for a worse experience.)Before buying into this Game you should really check if the Specs of your Computer are good enough to run it at good Settings. To see what it actually looks like I would recommend looking at Videos on YouTube rather than trusting the Steam Screenshots or Trailers.If you´re the Type who likes to explore the Map, do Side Missions try out the Multiplayer and Mix it up with the Main Story you should easily get around 30 Hours of fun out of this Game.The Main Story is alright, but the Characters didn´t manage to really hook me in like in some compareable Story driven Open World Games like GTA, Sleeping Dogs or even Saints Row. Still it was a nice Experience and for the most Part the Missions had variety and didn´t have too many frustrating Moments.The Side-Missions even if you don´t like certain Types of them should still have enough types for there to be something you enjoy.I personally think that the Mechanics of the Game even tho they didn´t have anything evolutionary are all solid and alot of fun to use aswell in and out of Missions.In 90% of the Missions you can decide wether you feel like going in with a Boom or if you prefer to go for a stealth approach which i enjoyed alot (I´m usually not too much into stealth but it was alot of fun in this game) and if you fail the Stealth way you can simply switch to your Primary Weapons and try to finish the Rest of with that.The Multiplayer: I personally don´t like the Way Invasions are usually playing out and how hacking/trailing (invading) other People are feeling but that is something very objective considering I know about people who enjoy those very much.Added to that the Game has a Mode which sets you and up to 8 others into a certain Area of a Map to fight over some Data (switches between FFA and Team Modes) this can be quite fun to play but isn´t really fleshed out so this won´t be something you´ll be spending alot of time on. There is also online Races which are actually my Favorite Part of the Multiplayer, these are also up to 8 Players (never had more than 4 so far tho) but are alot of Fun with the arcade-like driving System of the Game.Then as last theres also Free-Roam in which you can just go ahead and explore the World with your Friends. In that Mode you cannot play any Missions or such but with a little creativity you can have alot of Fun (Me and two Friends for example made up our own Cops and Robber Mode in which 2 People would Chase one Person around the City in Police cars and his Task was to escape them) (Cops are enabled in Free-Roam but you killing civilians will not ruin your reputation so it is a good mode to just mess around which the game usually doesn´t reward you for in Singleplayer)I did definitly enjoy my Time and get my Moneys worth of Time with it.For those who aren´t really sure wether they need this Game in their Lives (or around 30 Hours are worth the Price) I would recommend to wait for a good Chance to maybe get the Game for a cheaper Price than 59,99€ (Amazon has the Normal Version for less Money but no Steam Key attached for those who don´t care)"
,Recommended,243470,10280122,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,40-1Tea_and_Crumpets,"This is a game with a lot of potential! Sadly it fails to deliver on a lot of fronts (based upon 12 hours play, so far). Vehicles ALWAYS only have one person in and so far I have never seen anyonew riding a motorcycle, this is something even Vice City managed to do, so WD has no excuse. Stealing cars and such does little to damage your reputation, which seems exceptionally odd that I can steal someones car, injure 3 civilians and arrive at the scene of a mugging, only to shoot the criminal and STILL get a positive rep...The game is not very well optimised for PC, the W key is not pressure sensative and forces the player to drive at top speeds. Add to that the poor vehicle handling and it should be a recipe for disaster, 'luckily' nearly every obstacle that should be getting in your way is desructable, even on motorcycles and cars feel like tanks in regard to the damage they can take (smashing a sports car into a truck at top speed  and still being able to drive away as though nothing happened comes to mind).Being a sucker for punishment I decided to play the game on 'Realistic' only to find I was able to soak up 10+ bullets before dying. I dread to think what it would be like on Easy Mode. Also, hacking is done at the press of a button although there are infrequent hacker-minigames that are all too simple. This doesn't make me feel like a notorious, skilled vigilante, more like I have found a phone with a genie trapped inside that can grant all my wishes... ""Turn off the traffic lights."" - ""As you wish - *bzzzzt*""All being said, I have enjoyed playing Watch Dogs but I hope patches or even modders will jump to the rescue and be able to fill in the gaps, sometimes voids,  that Ubisoft has overlooked.6/10 but with potential."
,Recommended,243470,10321084,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,HairOnMyBwnage,Hacked a guy who liked to watch dogs have sex and got 100 dollars.10/10 would do again.
,Recommended,243470,11508180,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Samork,"Thanks for releasing it on every platform and not being cheeky about your marketing tactics Ubisoft, oh wait what is that? Day one dlc and pre-purchases. Well the game is still fun and have great mechanics so thanks anyway."
,Not Recommended,243470,16863229,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,VeloxFox,"I got this on sale, hoping that the only issue was that gamers were just dissapointed that the graphics in the actual game are nowhere near as good as demonstrated at E3.  Sadly, this game as a number of serious flaws.Issues:- Worst driving 'physics' of any game I have ever played.  I though people were exagerating when they said it was like bumper cars on ice.  High-performance cars are almost completely uncontrolable.  I don't think anyone at Ubisoft has ever driven a car.  This makes even the simplist of driving missions impossibly difficult.  This, coupled by the cop's ability to stick to you like glue, and you're in for the most frustrating experience of your life.- Uplay.  Yes, even though it's a Steam game, it launches through Uplay.  Not only that, but you have to register your game key with uplay, and if you have DLC, register those keys as well.  It's a very cumbersome and unnecessary process.  To make matters worse, the Uplay overlay causes the game to crash on loading.  The result is that Uplay makes the game completely unplayable.- Bug with key remaping.  It's shocking that in this day and age, something as simple and obvious as this is broken.  Rebinding the keys (I use ESDF) causes the game to think that there are unbound actions, even if everything is bound.  This means that in order to rebind your keys, you have to accept the bindings, when it warns you that keys are unbound, you have to go back.  Thankfully, going back saves your kemaps, so you have to Alt-F4 OUT OF THE GAME in order to save you keybindings.  This means that you CANNOT rebind your keys while playing (for example, if a key binding turns out to be inconvenient)- Performance is absolutally abismal.  I have an i7-3770k with 2x7970 in crossfire.  I can easly play Shadow of Morrdor in my Eyefinity resoution of 5880x1080.  I was forced to go back down to 1080p in order to get this game to run at even remotely playable framerates without constant hitching and stuttering.  Of course, this would be understandible if the graphics were amazing, but they are not.  GTA 4 (not 5, but 4) looks better than this game, and has much better performance.Pros:- Didn't kill my cat- Was on sale, so I didn't waste $60 on this thing.To sum things up, it seems that Ubisoft is riding on it's name alone at this point.  They haven't even attempted to optimise this game for the PC, and have critical, game-breaking issues unaddressed.  The overall concept is good, but it needs a LOT of work in order to go from the garbage it is now to an amazing franchise."
,Recommended,243470,31492068,Posted: 1 May,all,Cohen The Barbarian,"Watch Dogs is a fun open-world/action game set in a nearfuture dystopian city under survelliance.Pros:+ Soundtrack+ Gfx (I have no idea why people b*tched about it so much, i played it on full detail and it was looking cool)+ Game length (it took me nearly 60 hours for full completion -main story, side quests etc.-)+ Voice acting (no annoyance there)+ Story (Even 'tho main story is a bit short, it clicked well)+ Driving sequences are fun (i dont know why but i have a thing for cockpit view on computer games, and watchdogs has it).Neutral* General atmosphere lacks a little.* There are missed opportunities to extend the world for more fun.* Spying on people is fun, yeah, but gets old too fast.Cons- Some characters are too stereotypical- I'm not sure if it deserves its full price, i bought it on sale so i have no complaints.ConclusionOverall it was fun. I'll get the second title surely (*ehm* on sale of course *cough*)8.5/10"
,Not Recommended,243470,10258766,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,→ Ninami,Using a GTX 780 and can't even hold a steady 60 FPS on Medium settings. Horribly optimized and when the FPS drops to 20 while driving it's unplayable. DO NOT BUY UNTIL FIXED.
,Not Recommended,243470,10339500,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Smo Huffmister,"Save your money, stay away from this game. This is the dullest and most boring game of the year. I can't stand this game for more than 20 minutes.PROS:*Brings something new to the table.*There's a hot tatoo girl!*You can end persecutions with style.CONS:*Absoloutly nothing to do around the city that doesn't feel lame and repetitive.*I recently played Wolfenstein, this game feels more linear than Wlfnstn, even tho this is a open world and Wlfnstn is a linear game. :/*Super dumb arcade driving mechanics.*This game is not PC friendly, this is just a bad console port. Controls are horrible!*You will spend your time rotating a camera, reeeal slowly, and holding Q. Just rotating and holding Q... The boredom just hurts too much.*Buggy son of a...*AI is super weird.*Cheesy story, unlovavble characters.*I can run the game on ultra over 30FPS (below 60) which is enough not to see a stutter. But I got a GTX780, not many people do. I assume playable ultra settings in 1920*1080 is a big no no for a lot of ppl.Just stay away from this game. It's ambitions killed it. So much potential... So much hours of work put into it.... What a horrible experience."
76561198100688193,Not Recommended,243470,10359177,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,СЛАВА КПРФ,Very boring and very bad game.
,Not Recommended,243470,23493201,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Not Haruka,More like watch_dogshit.I feel genuinly bad for giving them my money when the pc port is still trash.
,Recommended,243470,10630411,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,wilandhugs,the best installment in the call of duty series8/10
,Recommended,243470,23847402,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,koverino,"This game has a great story-line, and for me, this is what matters in a game.Paid aroung £5,99 for it. Does it deserve those money? Of course it does.I will everytime enjoy open-world games which are contemporary.-Great story. (I was about to cry when my sister run away from the town)-Driving it`s fun (with a contoller, sucks with keyboard)-Even if you`re done with the story, you still have lots of stuff to do.-Open world.What i don`t like about it?-The graphics could be better.-Porrly optimised. (My GTX970 gets around 55-75 FPS)Overall, it`s a cool game.Cant wait for Watch_Cats. (Or watch_dogs 2, who knows?)8/10"
,Recommended,243470,11679402,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Pizza Time,"Made my computer blue screen and broke the GPU, 10/10 GOTY"
76561198009724876,Not Recommended,243470,16877803,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Au-B-Re-Y,"It seams you have to uPlay launcher to play this through steam. That's very annoying to me. If I didn't have such a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ internet connection, I'd request a refund and then just borrow the game on playstation"
,Recommended,243470,28855841,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Wulffie,"Beat in in 3 days, couldn't put it down. Great Story. Can't wait until I can afford to get Watchdogs 2!"
,Recommended,243470,17953166,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Kohinata_Hayami,"I have to say that this game is extremely good in the story and the theme, especially the hacking. The single player story mode is very good and it always makes me feel excited. However, the multiplayer of this game is terribly bad. The multiplayer mode,especially the tracking and the hacking which we install the backdoor in target's  cellphone. this 2 multiplayer game is horribly boring. UBISOFT Have to improve it. Hope that the watchdogs 2 will get improved."
76561198019531129,Not Recommended,243470,32832344,Posted: 26 June,all,The Doom Slayer,You can really see the huge graphic downgrade if you watch the E3 presentationshort story and kinda boring.
,Not Recommended,243470,23626065,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Smitty Werbenjagermanjensen,"If you're considering purchasing this game in preparation for the sequel: don't. Let me tell you why.Firstly, even if the game was good, buying it in preparation wouldn't be necessary. The sequel is in a different city with different characters. If there even was any connection, which I doubt, it would be nothing more than a nod to this game through subtle references or easter eggs.My second point for why you shouldn't buy this game: itsucks. Watch_Dogs is an unfinished, bland, boring, horrifyingly unoptimized piece of crap. Playing this game feels like playing a pre-alpha. The lighting is atrocious, the physics are terrifying and game-breaking, the controls are blocky and uncomfortable, civilians and civilian cars are nightmarishly inhuman (civilian lips don't move when they talk, the AI of both walking and driving civilians is wonky and laughable, etc.), attention to detail and polish is nonexistent, and so much more.If you've heard of Watch_Dogs, you've probably heard of the completely inexcusably terrible driving physics. I had too. But I'm a forgiving gamer, I thought I might be able to look past it and appreciate the rest of the game. It wasn't until I bought the game that I realized 50% of the game is driving. Uncomfortable, blocky, loose, developers-must-not-know-what-cars-are driving.Watch_Dogs is the most extreme example of Ubisoft's horrible business ethic: start making a game, call it good in the Beta phase, pretty up the game ONLY FOR THE TRAILERS, trick fans into preordering, profit, and repeat. And when I say ""most extreme example,"" note the wordexample. They've done this for every game they've ""developed,"" and I use the word lightly.When it was on sale, I paid $12 for this horrible excuse for a game, and I think $12 is far overpriced. I made sure not to play more than 2 hours in order to fulfill the requirements for a refund, but it really only took me half an hour to witness all the madness I needed to see. I'm so glad I refunded.Don't preorder Ubisoft games. They aren't developers, they're criminals."
,Recommended,243470,10306639,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,SoloMan,Not a single dog in this game.9 out of Doge
,Recommended,243470,30301611,Posted: 3 March,all,U can gift me as my birthday,"This is a definitely buying game. This game has  great characters,a well story,very good graphics, realistic a.i and beautiful immersive Chicago.so buying this game is never loss.And the optimization is way better.Ubisoft really did a great job. It can be played even in low end rigs. Hands of . 9.5/10"
,Recommended,243470,17278524,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,[M4tth2w],Loved it 8/10 shame it's uplay... that's why the 8/10
,Not Recommended,243470,17235395,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Edi,"Not a bad game, shame that ♥♥♥♥♥♥ UPLAY ruins the crap out of it."
,Not Recommended,243470,23476059,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Shrike,It's pretty meh.
76561198073759903,Recommended,243470,12947762,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Reen Rekmen,"There are a lot of things I have to say about this gameFirst, I will have to admit that the game was not as good as the hype, however that doesn't mean it is a bad game.technically, there are quite a few bugs and glitches and the graphics are very unoptimized. I could spot almost no difference between low and ultra settings.Content-wise, I enjoyed the game. The digital trips and mini games were fun and the world was a thrill to explore.The story was not very well written and the it is a simple story of revenge and the Aiden is not a very interesting or deep character; nothing makes you like him all that much except ,maybe for a little sympathy. At the end, when I learn what who was behind it all, I was not surprised, in fact I predicted that they were behind it. However, when I finished the story content, it was never boring to role play and create my own adventuresThe I enjoyed combat and it a little tactical. Planting bombs before the fight, using lures, grenades,IED's, etc. The cover system was well done. When I was in a fight, I felt as if in one of those action movies as opposed to standing behind a wall and moving left and right for cover. The different types of enemies possed different challenges for example taking care of heavily armored thugs was no simple task as they could soak up as many bullets as you could fire at them. All this amounted to making the combat more realistic.The police chases are not easy and they differ froms other games because of this. In other games, throwing the police of your tail is not much of a challenge however in Watch Dogs, I think twice when I am about to do something that may attract police attention, due to persistence of the police. However there is a small loophole to evade the police but that is better left unsaid...or discovered.The side missions were enjoyable and they made me feel like a real action hero however some of these side missions became repetitive and less appealing over time.Overall I think watchdogs was a well done game content-wise that could have seen much more tech improvement and a stronger story. It has a great open world and the hacking was fun to create mayhem and unique methods of attack and/or escape or just a little fun. All these features make Watch Dogs a fun game which will leave you with a memorable experienceP.S. Please no UPLAY"
,Recommended,243470,12836574,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,swishyST,"Great gameplay, enticing storyline, and once you get past the graphical issues the game runs, plays, and looks beautiful. The hype might have been a little too much, but overall this is a great game. Definitely would be stupid to pass this up.I think most of the issues people have with this game is they try to look at it as a ""GTA Clone"". I wouldn't say it's far from a GTA clone, but they hold GTA on a pedestal and try to relate all the features of this game to GTA. In my eyes this game is a field all on its own, and deserves alot more respect than what people are giving it.I can safely say I'll be playing this for quite a while and will most certainly go down as one of my favorites. It's a shame that such a great game probably won't be getting much DLC or even a sequel."
,Recommended,243470,13978614,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Sahkonteic,"I dont see whats wrong with this game. Story is good, the hacking is amazingly fun, strong set of characters, and next gen graphics. Also has emotional bits. Overall it deserves a 9.5/10 due to minor bugs."
,Recommended,243470,12286488,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,iChargeBanshees,"Watch_Dogs isn't the worst game to come out in 2014, but it certainly is not the best either. Its ubisoft so keep that in mind the game does play best at 30 FPS and they did downgrade the graphics. Outside of that its actually a pretty good game. Aiden Pearce is about as entertaining as watching paint dry but the world he is in and the people he interacts with makes this game fun. I recommend this if you catch it on a $10 sale."
,Recommended,243470,18227379,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Snort Cannon,"Watch Dogs is Ubisoft's answer to Grand Theft Auto, but with a twist. But will you want to play this or just stick with GTA ?In Watch Dogs you control Aiden Pearce. After a job that goes wrong Aiden get's a hit placed on him, but instead of him dying his niece dies instead. Driven by rage Aiden set's out to find out who placed the hit on him and who are the people who killed his niece.Gameplay wise this is a sandbox type game where you can do whatever you want to do. The game does put a little twist on the whole thing and let's you hack anything in the world. Traffic lights, bridges, explosives, camera's. Anything goes in this world. The hacking is simple. All you do is press a button and then the thing you wanted to hack is hacked. The driving is by far the worst driving in a sand box games I've seen to date. The physics feel floaty and it's just hard to control the car. The gunplay is also kind of mediocre. The guns have massive recoil, so you have to let out the shot's in short bursts, but once you get used to it, it's not that bad. There's also a mini game that happens from time to time where you have to rotate pipes so a blue bar fills the entire screen ( sort of like the pipe puzzle from Bioshock).The soundtrack is this games weakest point. The radio music is a horrible choice of music and when I got in a vehicle, I would always turn off the radio. The game music is pretty badass on the other hand. I loved some of the tracks that played during gun fights and chase sequences.Graphics are okay for the most part. There were a few moments when the game looked awful, but for the most part it looks great. There are a lot of moments when the game has texture pop ins. When you set the game to max settings it looks great.The game took me 24 hours to finish every side quest and main quest. I felt this was a perfect amount of time and I felt I got my money's worth. But I don't recommend getting this game at full price.Now for the side quests. They range from different things like: Stopping a crime, destroying a criminal convoy, taking out gang leaders and racing through the streets of Chicago. Some of the contracts do get boring cause they never change and nothing new happens in them.The city while not as massive as GTA 5, is still pretty big. There's a lot to explore and sights to see. The map is design really well, but there are a few problems in level design when you go inside buildings cause sometimes it does get quite confusing, but nothing horrible.Some of the missions get pretty tough, but nothing incredibly hard, but overall the game is really easy.The game is still really buggy. As mentioned before the texture pop ins happen in game and in cutscenes. I had a bug where a door to a mission didn't open and it forced me to reload to checkpoint, but that fixed it.Overall Watch Dogs is a pretty fun game despite it's flaw's. I do suggest getting this game at a discount and you will have some fun with it. I give Watch Dogs a 8/10For more reviews follow Snort's Review curator pagehere- follow for regular updates on reviews for other games!"
,Recommended,243470,15113077,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,PR0XIDIAN,"After beating this game I knew that I had to write a review.  This game is very controversial and a lot of gamers (myself included) aren't too happy with ubisoft lately.  I'm a huge fan of open world games, so I knew I had to try watchdogs when I heard about it.  The city is detailed, vibrant, and full of life. The voice acting and visuals are crips and belivable, while the story is interesting and kept me coming back for more.  As someone who has dabbled in legal hacking and penetration testing, I was curious to find out if they would do their research on what hacking really is. Sure, the hacking mini games aren't ""actual"" hacking, but they are enjoyable and don't get in the way too often.  Many people complain about the whole ""cell-phones can't be used for hacking!"" thing. While this is mainly true, most penetration testers do use Android for some of their tasks. Either way, Aiden has gotten access to the main systems and has a house full of expensive server hardware that is the back end for what he does on his phone. Believable? Sure!   The only other thing gamers complained about, was Ubisoft saying they would downgrade this game to match its console brothers. It looked great with max settings at 2560X1440 on my system, but there is a mod you can install to make it look even better. If you like open world games, pick this up. You won't be dissapointed.-PR0XIDIAN"
,Not Recommended,243470,10438115,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Verocity,"Positives - Hacking is fun for about an hourGame looks beautiful is you can afford a rig that can play it at that levelNegatives - Constant crashing unless on super low with 1280x1080 resolutionDriving is utterly appauling with almost no control over fast cars and terrible camera anglesRepetitive boring missions that go on and onAlmost impossible-to-play side missions (two shotgun blast to enemies = nothing, one shotgun blast to me fromabout 50 feet away = instant death)Pressing E anywhere, and I mean, ANYWHERE, on a road will automatically guide you to the nearest vehicle, soif you accidently hit it, oh well.£39.99 price tag, but still plays worse than Saints Row 2Stupid online hackers that won't leave you alone no matter what you doConclusion - Stay the  #$@&%*!ing hell away from this game. No patch will be able to fix it in terms of gameplay, howeverthe crashing may stop soon if Ubisoft could come to the conclusion that Uplay SUCKS, for a lack of a betterword. However, if you have a £1300+ gaming rig and have the patience of a statue and/or have the attentionspan of a goldfish, this is the ideal game for you."
76561197970727419,Not Recommended,243470,10537881,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,BlindGuardian,"Even after the first patch this game is a mess. It even got worse. Before I ""only"" had the problem that the game would crash on me after 30 minutes of playtime if I played in anything above low settings (running on an i5 3450, 8 gig RAM, 7970ghz). Ironically FPS wise this game runs smooth for me even on ultra settings. Now it still crashes after the same time plus the audio is broken for me which means I can only hear dialogue if I switch my 5.1 setup to stereo beforehand.Be advised to stay away from this game. Come back in half a year or so when it is discounted in a Steam sale and even then check whether it is working or not before you buy it."
76561198005072401,Not Recommended,243470,10896260,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,오!거릴라,ㅡ..ㅡ;;; 빌어먹을 예구했는데... 왜 안되는지 답이라도 좀 알수있어으면..
,Not Recommended,243470,10896982,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,demitrialexander,"First it crashed my computer, then it wouldn't load until I updated my drivers (which I had just done in March), and since finally being able to launch, it crashes every 30-45 minutes.It looks like it could be a fun game, if I could play longer than half an hour. The graphics aren't anything to write home about, with clipping issues on standard clothing, and people that look no more complex than games 4-5 years old. The 'graphical glitches' in flashbacks / memories don't immerse you in the game, they just make you wish you could actually see the scene. Yeah, it's 'clever' I guess, but annoying. I don't want to see screen tearing in a flashback, regardless of whether it was intentional or not."
76561198136185664,Not Recommended,243470,10879670,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,[☠Icon☠] Boss Of Death,I WAN'T MY MONEY BACK!The campaign in this game is really outstanding but the online part of it is very disappointing.In Watch_Dogs online you have hackers... real hackers that you can't kill. The maps have Limited space in a mission. The game play online blows **** overall. Campaign stands out way more! Do not buy this game unless it is $15
,Recommended,243470,10336229,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Captain_Compass,"This is awesome, worth the entire 60 dollars! Free roam is amazing, story is great, and it can provide me with hours of entertainment. I highly reccomend to run it on a good PC though, don't buy it if you can't run it. Has a lot of physics affecting everything in the game, and a huge map and lots of NPCs. Here are my specs (I run it at 60 FPS on High Graphics and 50 while recording)8GB DDR3 Ram4th Generation i7 Core Processor2GB DDR5 R9 270X Graphics Card1 Terabyte Hard Drive"
,Recommended,243470,10397992,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,larsmaehlum,"It's a good game, but the lack of focus on good driving mechanics and a better and more varied story line stops it from being great."
76561198007105026,Not Recommended,243470,10931262,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Maelkorin,Because I'm in asia I have to wait a month after preordering to play.  Then get banned for an hour because the codes werent accepted.  Then after a day of play find that I have to enter codes again and that doesnt work because they're already used... by me obviously.  Then find out that I have two copies of Watch Dogs in my Uplay account....Uplay is♥♥♥♥♥♥Ubisoft are kidding themselves.The game can be fun by whats' with the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ car physics??Wish I could play to at least get some value of of my purchase.Will honestly consider whether to buy anything dependant on Uplay again.
,Not Recommended,243470,10324470,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Splurge,"I did wonder when I got the chance to purchase this, that this would of been a mistake. Well, I was right to doubt.At nothing best it's a different kind of GTA, I sort of wanted to step away from classing it that, but I can't. It has like a karma bar, but that has nothing to do with the story or how people perceive you, it doesn't change anything from what I can tell. It's not like InFamous, where the civilians roaming the street would either cheer you on or be afraid of you and maybe fight back. They all act relatively the same.But lets get down to the game, a lot of people may only be interested in the single player, going to be honest I can't really remember what goes on in that game only the huge main points that then finish the story and at best it's okay? It certainly isn't a game I'd play again, because why? Why would you play it again? There's no other decisions, as far as I know there's nothing I missed while playing through.Playing the game, boy it feels like a mixed bag, the shooting is much like GTA IV to me, so maybe a tad challenging at time, it's a typical third person duck behind cover shooter, NOTHING MORE. Driving around Chicago, those physics are messed up, if you have a crash on a motorbike the bike will comically hover/fly like ten times more than it should do. Whereas car are just indestructable don't seem to let up when you have scrapes etc, the driving it self is that easy that you shouldn't ever have a shunt either, but that depends if this game runs okay.The game runs terribly, there's nothing more than that, the graphics certainly aren't anything special and if they ever used the ""next gen"" term they should be proceeded to be slapped on the bum until they have an bum like a baboon. There's micro stutters, really bad stutters where it could hang for several seconds, everytime I use a electronic billboard the game would freeze up and crash. Also, when you first play the game you notice that mouse has some really bad mouse acceleration and lag that makes it feel like you are wading through soup.So yeah, was it worth it?Not in the slightest, yes there was plenty of hype for this game, I get that. But I just wish it was at least an ""okay"" game, and at best it's just on the average, nothing new here!Oh and the multiplayer, didn't get around to it as uPlay is incompetent and should of either been killed off already or at last been improved. No chance of that."
,Recommended,243470,10388148,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Soee,"Found a ""Fedora Federation Chair-member""fedora/10 would tip again"
76561197987550776,Not Recommended,243470,11460197,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Icepick Trotter,"UPlay has to be the worst thing to happen to gaming since Games for Windows Live.This game is so broken. UPlay is trying to work out all the online rubbish in the background when I'm trying to play single player, that it makes the game completely unplayable.Constant crashes, sometimes within 5 minutes of playing the game.Frame rate drops to the point where I think it has frozen then I end up in the ocean!Dull and lifeless graphics in exteriors (What happened to the E3 2012 footage, it looked amazing!)Uninspired hacking that seems to just be tacked on when the whole game is designed for it.Don't waste your time and money.Don't trust Ubisoft."
,Recommended,243470,10731008,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,『Shiro』,I hack thing
,Recommended,243470,10355967,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Faster Than Hesus,"This game forced me reflect on many things, sometimes she moved by me"
,Recommended,243470,10306696,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Dorffasaurus,fun game uplay sucks though. havnt had any crashing or any game breaking bugs like some people are reporting.
,Recommended,243470,13220877,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Yackity Yack,Fantastic game. Definitely in my top 10!
,Recommended,243470,10973152,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,McPluffel,"The game itself is great. I have not had any problems at all. The only thing that I miss in this game is more customization. You can change outfit and that is about it, you are not able to customize your guns or cars. Which I was really hoping for. Other than that this game is awesome and I think it is a great game."
,Recommended,243470,10516490,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Hellbartonio,"I have not much to say about Watch_Dogs. This game has amazingly detailed city, nice looking graphics and effects, somewhat average plot and awful multiplayer part (it's ok if only you prefer to play alone, because it's always a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to setup lobby for playing together with your friends). Lots of people leave negative reviews about the game, but described problems aren't in it. Uplay - is what everybody suffers from."
76561198009666180,Not Recommended,243470,10256008,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,TomGG#,"All you need to know: The game is not worth 39.99 atm, its unoptimized and there is alot of bugs in it, the steering of the cars is really bad, get it on the sale when it comes down to 9.99 its not worth more than that."
76561197960661524,Recommended,243470,10364358,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,☆✪ Bad_BruTo ✪☆,"Pick GTA, Assassin´s Creed and Max Payne, extract the best from each game, and you will have WATCH DOGS. Superb, brilhant, modern, a MUST HAVE & PLAY release for all kind of gamers !!!"
76561198087772207,Recommended,243470,12966074,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Tontar,"Well, i have have played this game for 134 hours..and enjoyed it most off the time....but Really Ubisoft? Not Optimizing Your Game Right?And Again with the uplay! fix the perfermance issues.But Although it is badly optimized i still enjoy it! :D"
,Not Recommended,243470,10873107,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,tony55544,"thought it was going to be a great game for what was promised and was going to be a never seen before type of storyline but its not its bland and boring there are f*cking graphical errors on the streets how are you going to call that a ""next gen"" game and have graphical problems and besides that it doesnt even look good! dont waste your money its dumbgg ubisoftgg"
,Recommended,243470,10340265,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Darth Kiwi,"Shot and killed a bad guy that was ""Planning his son's first birthday.""10/10"
,Not Recommended,243470,10307035,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Mirabad,"Despite the fact that I actually love the game, it is so poorly optimised for the PC that I can't recommend it.  Even high end rigs are having trouble running the game even at the lowest settings.  Avoid until Ubisoft patches the game, and fixes the issues."
76561198011673533,Not Recommended,243470,10370976,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Duke of the Flies,"Let me start by saying that this game is VERY fun to play. Driving is decent, the weapons all handle extremely well, and the hacking features are fairly unique. Still, the story of Watch_Dogs is absolute and utter trash. It starts off alright, but it never builds upon anything.Aiden is probably the most static and boring main character of any game I've ever played. His relationships with other characters never progress, although he suddenly decides to trust/care for anybody he comes across. Even taking down the villains doesn't really pay off. Aiden's goals never go beyond ""Rawr! My niece!"" Near the end of Act IV the game kills off one character and then drums it up to be really dramatic for another hour, but the player behind Aiden will feel NOTHING. On the last mission, during the final confrontation, something happens to interrupt you that had NO build up whatsoever. It is random, and then during the epilogue, there is no consequence to the character behind it. Aiden acts as though it never happened.There is never a point in the story where you feel truly invested. I think that this game would have been exponentially better had they decided to throw in one or two missions between every existing mission.If you can get the extremely buggy multiplayer to work, it is a hell of a lot of fun. Even just running around and doing the side missions is a great deal of fun. Still, I don't think any of it is enough to save this game. They set everything up for a Watch_Dogs 2, so maybe there is some hope that they will fix the narrative and make Aiden a bit more interesting.I would say that if you have a few friends who already own the game, buy it and have fun roaming around the city with them., but if you are in it for the story, or if that is something that is important to you, look somewhere else. On a whole I would still give it a 7/5/10, but it is still missing some very important elements that really pull you out of the game."
,Recommended,243470,11969373,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,CutePenguin,"I pretty much enjoyed it. All the promised features were there and it was awesome.Like always with Ubisoft, there are pretty annoying side quests and the multiplayer kinda sucks but the rest is fine to me."
,Recommended,243470,10559772,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,xDupe,Да игра что надо)! Прошёл игру за 1 неделю и очень потресла меня концовка! Жаль мне Клару(( Эйден не много не успел(
,Not Recommended,243470,13511029,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Philosophies,I cant even play the game it crashes me every damn time. I took off uplay overlay and it finally worked but then it lagged me so bad i had to turn my computer off and on! Dont recomment worst game for PC!
,Recommended,243470,11017541,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,ΛVΛΞNΛ,"Wach_Dogs. There aren't many gamers who haven't heard about this game. Though most has been negative. True, this game didn't turn out the way they promised everyone. But its still a fun game to play. There are many good things, but also plenty of bad things.Good things are: The way the game looks. It looks beautiful. The city feels really alive, unlike many open world games, the first time I was running through the alleys to dodge the cops, or just taking a stroll over the sidewalk I was blown away. Plans move in the wind, people all seem to have their own lives, the traffic was plenty. Also the story, even if it is a little slow paced is interesting enough.But.. Like in Assassins Creed, once you walk around the world of Watch_Dogs long enough, you start to see what the game really is. Nothing but an Assassins Creed in modern times. You still have to do side quests, get to view points, trail people. Sure, the stopping cime things are fun at first, but after a while they just get plain annoying. There are only a few versions. Either stop a man from setting something on fire, killing someone, mugging someone or robbing a store. Perhaps a few more, but its always the same. Wait for the victim/criminal to show up, stay out of sight and ONLY act when the game feels you can. Fun to them to early, even though its pretty obvious what is going to happen, and both criminal and victim just walk away like nothing happened, and you get nothing for your troubles, even though technically you still stopped a crime just by showing up. You can spy on people through the routers and take a look into their personal lives, and that really made me thing they left those parts into the hands of 12 year olds. Its to often someone jacking off, people having sex, watching porn or even a girl that commits suicide. WHY THE HELL PUT SOMETHING LIKE THAT IN A GAME!? THAT IS NOT FUN! You even get to see some guy chopping a human hand to bits and walking away with cocktail sauce. I don't know if that was supposed to be a reference to Hannibal Lecter, or just something plain creepy.Stealth works fine in this game. You can almost go into every situations stealth like. But the game breaks down at some points that makes you feel like your effort to stay hidden, out of sight and saving lives by taking them all down non lethal is just wortless. You are stealthy, you get into a camp, you take down certain enemies, or you can just sneak by without getting seen. You finish you mission, and suddenly they all know where you are? Or you take everyone down non lethal, you finsh the mission, and the story is just going ""I killed them all. What am I doing?"" NO YOU DIDN'T!!! I SPENT HOURS NOT TO KILL SOMEONE!Driving is really bad in this game, and that is just something unforgivable in a open world game where you have to drive 80% of the time. And it hasn't got to do much with the driving mechanics, but with the fact that the controls have a 0,5 second lag. You steer right, 0,5 seconds later it starts to steer, and before its to late, you see you steered to far so you steer left, 0,5 seconds later it does, but not before it hits the cardbox made lightpost that breaks into 3 pieces with the smallest tap.Then there are the missions. It starts out fine, even though Aiden is the most boring protagonist ever, but later in the game it gets to boring, like a series you follow where it takes 10 episodes to reach something they should have done in 1 episode. It takes to long, and the missions start to be a drag, and its to much the same. Infiltrate the base here, don't get seen or kill them all, complete objective, escape back up that magically arrives. Oh, they do vary it sometimes with a chase with the bad driving mechanics that made me scream most of the times. And the fun thing? Everytime you fail a mission and have to start over, you see the same 5 to 10 second cutscene of the guy escaping, or the map showing where to go, or the backup arriving, and you can't skip that. One point, back up was arriving, and you only see a couple of cars drive onto the area where you are. In those 5 seconds, I could have equiped my favorite gun, I could have found a good vantage point, I could have threw some remote explosives as a trap, but no, you have to wait till that same cutscene is done.I know, I know, why do I recommend this game? Because if you get through those frustrations, its still a good shooter, one of the best looking ones. The hacking is fun, the feel of control is fun, the on foot escaping from the cops/gangsters is fun and intense, and the stealth is also quite intense, even though the game occasionally takes a big dump on your stealthy efforts. Ubisoft made a lot of promises with this game, the way it looked in the E3 2012 and what you could do. But its really a standard game in a nice wrapping. The city looks amazing, alive and full. The animations look beautiful, the water is one of the best looking water I have seen in a game so far and the story feels interesting. It's just a shame that later the game turns into a more standard shooter, as they suddenly thow in enemies you can't knock out, but have to shoot 100 times before they go down due to to much bodyarmor. You have to blow them up twice. Those sorts of enemies, along with Deus Ex Machima reasons for enemies to suddenly know where you are break the stealth and with that, the game, especially when it forces its own story on you while you clearly did NOT do what the story tells you you've done (The stealth non-lethal takedowns and the game telling you you killed them all).The game is not perfect, but not many games are. Watch_Dogs 2 (which will come) needs to improve on some things, but not much. Character creation (and for Gods sake, Ubisoft... Make a cool female character for once that doesn't always show off their♥♥♥♥♥♥... One female protagonist that helps you, and they stole it right out of The Girl with a Dragon Tattoo and gave her a shirt that barely covers her breasts), better controls without the lag, the game following player choises better and less filler missions.I give this game a 6/10, which is average. I would have given it a 5, but they gained one point because it looks so amazing, and the hacking, following people through the camera's, or taking out whole groups through camera's by blowing stuff up from a distance is pretty fun for a while. And per info, I rate games normally. 1 is very bad, 3 is just not good enough, 5 is average, 7 is good, 9 is very good and 10 is perfect.Would I recommend this game? Yes, because it is still a fun, action packed game.Oh, I haven't went much into the online part of the game because it feels unfinished. You can choose several game modes, but I haven't tried them all yet. I tried hacking, in which you show up in another players game, you have to hack and stay hidden till the hack is complete. Its a fun cat and mouse game. The other I tried is tailing where you have to follow another player for a while without him or her noticing. What I dislike about it, is that you always look like Aiden and the other player looks like a normal pedestrian. I think it would be more fun if you could make your own online avatar that you can play when doing online missions. Mainly because Aiden is just so uninteresting. =)"
,Not Recommended,243470,10913203,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,kwongwah,"First off I like open world games because of the degree of freedom they offer, Watchdogs in this sense delievers, you are put into the city of Chicago leaving you to do pretty much what you want. I've completed the main story, none of the voice acting seems out of place and in my opinion quite good, maybe not the best by standards set by other games but its by no means bad.The game offers similar elements that is found in ubisoft other titles, namely Farcry 3 in particular, like that game here you have towers which you have to access to unlock access to activities within a region. Crafting and the skill tree is very similar in that sense. Oddly driving in Watchdogs is very painful compared to farcry 3, it's overly sensitive to controls and you can easily spend most of your time powersliding unintentionally along the elevated highways of Chicago!!!Fortunately for me the game was delayed for a month in my region and I have not experienced any of the lag reported by many who first played this game at launch. What is a little annoying about the game, is purchasing it through steam you have to have both steam and uplay clients up and running at the same time. This is more of an annoyance for wasting computer system resources that could be better used elsewhere.If you liked the game mechanics found in Farcry 3 (and/or Assassin's Creed), then there is a high chance  you will like watchdogs, although the story in my opinion isn't quite as engaging as that found in Farcry 3. However I feel there is actually a lot more to Watchdogs in terms of content and things to do compared to Farcry 3, beyond shooting things and stealth, you can actually perform surveillance, protect fellow citizens, steal cars, intercept/ambush criminal conveys, take out gangs and that's not counting the fact you can actually play chess and poker too!!! yeah I said chess. Apparently you can play poker too, but I've not looked activitly for this myself beyond ecountering it within the story. The game world is much more alive than than that found in FarCry 3 but given the differences in settings this would be an unfair comparision.The controls and menus in this game make it feel it was designed primarily for the console and/or use with a controller, it's very cumbersome for a PC game navigating the menus using a mouse and feels like lazy programming from the developers at Ubisoft.Overall I rate the game a good buy, but as I said I'm biased when it comes to Open world games. The game has some issues, but I have enjoyed the experience thus far. Would I recommend the game is a much harder question, simply because it's a rebranded Farcry as far as I am concerned, a friend went on to say it's a modern day Assassin's Creed! I never played Assassin's creed so I can not say. At full release price I would say no because it doesn't offer enough new that's not already been done before in other games. In addition to the fact if you purchase the game through steam you have to have both uplay and steam up at the same time, I would say no I wouldn't recommend this game.However, I would only recommend getting this game if it is under half it's initial retail price."
,Not Recommended,243470,10280778,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Broken,♥♥♥♥♥game do not buy 70 dollar scam customer support sucked my♥♥♥♥♥♥for 55 mins
,Not Recommended,243470,10701386,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,aCheeseyPenguin,"I just cant see the hype with this game. I have played more than 2 hours, its just for some reason it didnt record the first 5 or 6 hours I actually played.I bought it on day of release and have only played it about 3 or 4 times since. Its not one of those games that makes me want to play it every day. It hasn't got anything that makes me want to come back.Yeah you can hack things, but its the same things all around the city. Oh lets hack some street lights and road blocks.... oh look more street lights to hack. Followed by the occasional random crime which you can intervene. In my personal opinion, replay value is a minimum, its just follow the story line and you're done.The idea behind the game is good, but it hasnt been well executed.Just my personal opinion. It didn't live up to its hype"
,Not Recommended,243470,10715912,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,cwm33,"The game does provide for some interesting gameplay mechanics and ideas while borrowing heavily from other titles in other areas.  The hacking components to do things like explode grenades and blow steam pipes are really fun to play with, and using it to mess with guards can be downright hilarious.  The hacking mini-game is a basic puzzle solving thing with the occasional timed component thrown in.  You'll find yourself doing it on more than a few occasions during your game, but if you take your time and mess around with side jobs it doesn't get too obnoxious.  It does rely on the ""camera hopping"" mechanic a fair bit for some areas and that can get pretty old as well.Pretty large selection of guns are available (and a HUGE amount of pistols), but in that entire selection only two of the guns are silenced and they're both in the pistol category.  TWO.  In a game where stealth is a great option for getting to your goals, having only two silenced weapons is pretty irritating.  Multiple options for a sniper rifle, but again, no silencer for any of them.  How many games nowadays let you change out the attachments on your guns?  This one doesn't, stuck with what you've got.For vehicles, you're definitely not going to get anything near realistic vehicle handling and an arcadey vehicle model is perfectly servicable but sometimes the controls on the vehicles can be fairly twitchy even with a controller.  Going to play with pure KB/mouse?  Vehicle controls just went from twitchy to derpy.  On the bright side the game is very good at swapping between kb/m and controller inputs and dynamically changes screen prompts accordingly.As far as game engine quality goes, the graphics are pretty enough, but they should have spent more time on stability.  The un-patched game crashed on me, aLOT.  When I say a lot, I mean this game was crashing more than pre-release alpha games I've played.  I saw more crashes (and even BSODs) playing this game than a NHSTA crash test dummy during a testing marathon with a severe shortage of crash test dummies.  Unskippable mission briefings can make these crashes EXTREMELY irritating.Regarding the plot, I found the storyline to be completely sub-par, the characters unremarkable and the plot ""motivations"" to be wafer thin at best.  The game basically tries to manipulate you to feel something for a certain character via cutscenes and sappy music but it feels so forced and phoned in that it just doesn't work.  Most of the traveling companions you come across I formed zero attachment to apart from Jordi who actually had a decent personality, and  there was even one point in the game which should be a fairly big motivator but it just didn't work at all and felt very ""meh"" as well.  The primary plot device of doing all this because your niece was murdered is a wafer thin motivator as well.  I know my family isn't super close, but if my niece was murdered I wouldn't go on a vigilante rampage committing wholesale slaughter of countless goons, the occasional police officer and running over scores of pedestrians that were in the wrong place at the wrong time.  If the guy was prototyped as a crime fighter from the get-go then sure that might work to direct wrath, but as it stands it makes zero sense at all unless it's a thinly veiled cover for being a sociopath.I managed to get 40 hours of ""entertainment"" (or hours of time occupied?) out of the game, which made the game come out to about $1.50ish per hour of entertainment which is pretty decent by most standards.  Would I do it all over again?  No, most definitely not."
76561197968919837,Not Recommended,243470,10810014,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Dawg,"Der größte Fehlkauf seit ... ever ...Wenn ich mal GTA 4 oder GTA 5 als Maßstab setze ist WatchDogs wenn überhaupt gerade mal 25% davon.Die Grafik sieht zum einen garnich so schlecht aus aber die Engine und speziell die Physikengine ist der größte beschiss überhaupt.Autos fliegen durch die Luft wie Steine und das Schadensmodell war sogar bei Carmageddon von vor 2000 um ein Vielfaches besser.Der Sound und speziell die Musik ist nicht wirklich schön. Radiosender gibt es nicht sondern nur eine Playlist mit meiner Ansicht nach bescheidenen Songs.Die Geräusche bei Unfällen und anderen Ereignissen wirken gescripted und klingen immer gleich.Das Leveln ist sinnlos und wird eigentlich so gut wie nicht benötigt.Es gibt eigentlich nur eine Hauptmission und dann sehr viele kleine Minigames/Nebenmissionen die sehr schnell langweilig werden.Geld ist so gut wie nutzlos da man eh nichts besonderes kaufen kann ausser Waffen, Kleidung die sich nicht wirklich unterscheidet und Autos die man per Telefon transportiert.Die Spielmechanik mit dem Hacken ist ganz lustig. Dumm nur, dass man nur bestimmte Leute beklaufen kann und bei vielen findet man sinnlose Infos die sich immer wiederholen.Es gibt auch keine wirklichen Skills die man beim hacken braucht. Vieles geht einfach so mit Q oder durch ein Labyrintminigame was viel zu einfach ist und kaum Abwechslung hat.Die Hauptstory ist mit sehr viel übertriebener Melodramatik gefüllt und overacting mit Anlehnung an Batman. Der Hauptcharakter spricht fast durchgängig als müsste er dringend ♥♥♥♥en und macht einen riesen Aufriss weil seine Nichte bei einem Autounfall gestorben ist.Meiner Ansicht nach steckt viel zu viel Potenzial im Spiel welches nicht ausgenutzt wurde. Ich hatte mich auf Hitmanähnliche Missionen eingestellt und anreitzenden Hackerparts ala Uplink.Das ganze mit einer GTA ähnlichen Engine + lebhaften Umgebung....Anhand der Trailer hatte ich mich genau darauf gefreut und wurde derbe entäuscht."
76561197993973322,Not Recommended,243470,10889126,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Aradia,"While games such as Deus Ex: Human Revolution help the player to control their immediate space, Watch Dogs is strongest when it allows you to control an entire battlefield, one action at a time. It is a shame that the only missions where you get to do so are early in the game.  Soon, guns are required, and control over large spaces is reduced to one's immediate space again, and even then retaining control is difficult and trial-by-error.The final straw for me was a mission in which I had dispatched all enemies, received my reward, and was informed that the mission was over, and only then died to a steam pipe, at which point, the game made me restart the mission from the last checkpoint. In the latter part of the game, the missions become wave-based for no good reason. Clearing areas multiple times are rote, copy/paste experiences that bring nothing new to the table, except to waste the player's time. Go see George Weidman's review at Super Bunnyhop for more details."
,Not Recommended,243470,11667472,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,T-Wess ♥,"First of all this game is not a ""Steam Game"" its on Ubiplay aka Ubishit, which is one reason NOT to buy this game.The day this game was released, everyone who bought this game through Ubiplay had problems downloading the game and people who already had (through Steam) couldn't run the game on Online mode, so all we could do was play the Singleplayer Campaign, which sucks.The problem went on for days and meanwhile I got to play the entire campaign, do almost every single side mission and test the game to its fullest.First of all I want to point out how horrible the Level Design and AI is. The City feels so dull and empty and is really badly designed. The map is confusing to use (I did start to get the hang of it after a while) and you keep meeting the same people on the streets again and again. Look closely at that construction worker or that business woman, because you will most likely see that person again hundreds of times while playing the game (if you even manage to get yourself to play this game for a long period of time).Driving looked really cool in trailers and gameplays released when this game was first announced, but then they managed to screw it up just before release. Driving just feels clumsy and you end up in many awkward positions and while hitting a single light post can cause your car to explode, having the cops shoot at your car, while ramming it during a hunt for 10 minutes might not even cause a scratch.Cops are really easy to avoid if you have a couple of Jam Comms which you spam while they scan for the ""suspect"" which is YOU. So you can go around and gun down 50 people, have one of them call the cops, but they wont chase you or arrive at the scene before they find you with the ctOS scan, which you can disable by spamming the Jam Comms Ability a couple of times while slowly driving away from the scene.One of the things I was really excited over was the Campaign, but it turned out to be pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥and the only thing that was fun to watch were some of the cut-scenes. Everything was predictable and some of the missions were pretty irritating and some were too easy and could be done in 5-10 minutes.Hacking is not realistic at ALL.When Multiplayer finally seemed to start working, I couldn't wait to see what this game had to offer for real, but the servers are♥♥♥♥♥♥ whereas people disconnect in the middle of a Multiplayer match, leaving you with nothing ABSOLUTELY NOTHING. You don't get cash, EXP or anything if someone disconnects in the middle of a duel or multiplayer match which is absolutely ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Servers are probably the ones to blame and I just cant seem to play Online.This is the LAST Ubisoft game I ever buy. I am not buying another game from you guys before you start publishing games on Steam and its on Sale. DO NOT buy this game for 60€! Its just not worth it."
,Not Recommended,243470,12276862,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,kzrk11111,"I used to ask myself how can somebody play over 75 hours of a game and not recommend it.The positives;-This game has an enjoyable campaign-There are many side activites, drinking games, investigations etc.-The combat and cover system feels really smoothThe negatives;-At the end of the day, Aiden is a bad character, he is boring and simply bland-The graphics of the PC version were downgraded. graphics do not make a good game but for example, if a mansion is advertised and it's a house, you will feel lied to.-The side activities feel very repetitive and you don't feel rewarded for finishing them, it feel's like you've just checked something of your to-do list.Worth buying but only on sale.At around 90% off."
,Recommended,243470,10315481,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Slavik,I can't even play this 10/10
76561198028942908,Recommended,243470,10259408,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Raziel,"Watch_Dogs makes for a thrilling experience. Beautiful visuals mark a fairly sizable landscape offering a lot of opportunities. For the initiated, you could refer to the elements of this game being added components equal GTA, Splinter Cell, and Assassin's Creed depending on your viewing angle. The game does a great job of combining these ideas and bringing them an amazing amount of next gen life and immersion.Upgrading your abilities as you go, you'll in no time be hacking the personal information of everyone around you, controlling data and feeling like a cyber-God. Voice acting is pretty solid through the title, with very few ""brotherly embarrassment,"" issues when corny lines are delivered by actors clearly uninterested or unknowing of their lines true feeling or intention. Really top notch work there.The only real warning and downside to this game would be as follows... As of the time of this writing 5/27/14 the game is quite unoptimized for ultra textures. Running on a 6-core with a GTX 680 even on low settings are currently resulting in significant lag and stutter, specifically during racing/driving segments which can be excessively frustrating. The texture setting can be adjusted in the Display settings when the game is in the main menu (not pausing while in game, the option disappears at that point)Otherwise, an easy to recommend title for any hardcore enthusiast looking for a new modern wizard IP from Ubisoft!"
,Recommended,243470,10289338,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,TotallyCringeMan,"This game is brilliant, simply. I've played for quite some hours at this point, and I can honestly say that I love this game. The story mode is just pure gold. Pretty much no loading screens etc. Although I love this game, I have to give it a 7/10, simply because the online just doesn't work at all! Uplay keeps on giving me their finger whenever I try to join a friend, when they join me etc. Otherwise I would've given it a 9/10. Other than this, I expected more, graphic wise atleast. Looking back at the trailers, it's not what I was promised. I don't blame Ubisoft for this though. I think it's because of the consoles (No Offense To Console Players Ofcourse), I think they had to downgrade this game. This gave it a badly optimized PC port. I can't really say anything about the online gameplay. Because I've only been hacked like twice, at most. And whenever I try to do something online, Uplay gives me their finger. Currently, I would just focus on playing the storymode, and wait a week or two, to play the online features.Overall a 7/10 - 9/10 if Uplay stops ♥♥♥♥ing with me =)"
,Recommended,243470,10271001,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,calamity,"Thought I'd write a review since this game has recieved so many downvotes. Pretty much this is GTA with more things to do. There are currently a few issues with drivers and a lot of people are having issues with their game crashing. Simple fix would be to not use uplay while you are playing. Those of you who haven't purchased this game yet, I urge you to wait until they have fixed these issues or until it goes on sale. Otherwise it is quite enjoyable."
,Recommended,243470,10272141,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Bunyan,It's pretty good.
,Recommended,243470,10280021,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Thr!lls,"Game itself is superb and has a grasping story, the hacking is a fun gimmick which sets it apart from other freeroam titles. Biggest downside is the non-working piece of bloatware called Uplay which is attached to it, I'm sure things will get patched eventually but definitely not a piece of Ubisoft software geared towards customer friendly service at this point in time."
76561198008866912,Recommended,243470,10280420,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Me,"Fun game once you get into it, but I wouldn't recommend buying it at full price. A great game to buy in the Christmas Sale or next Summer. Its pretty mindless."
,Recommended,243470,10282390,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,garrfield9240,Once you get passed the annoying UPLAY it's actually quite a fun game with an in depth story and multiple gamemodes in multiplayer. I myself have had no problems with UPLAY but by most of the negative reviews I can see where this can be an issue. I really don't understand why they would put a game on steam that need a diffrent program in order to run.
76561198119541854,Not Recommended,243470,10296464,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Blondie19,game gets stuck on loading screen or crash don't buy till the patch comes out
76561197971425333,Recommended,243470,10402021,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,kettestad,"this ♥♥♥♥ing piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥does not work, ♥♥♥♥ You Ubisoft and your sorry excuse for a gamelauncher"
,Recommended,243470,10580500,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Panda,"Fun game, driving is a bit meh, but overall I found the game pretty damn fun with a good story too8.5/10"
,Recommended,243470,10253107,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,BejeweledSun0,This is an amazing game. WARNING! do not play unless you have >16Gb RAM. I don't :(
,Recommended,243470,10258510,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,isocuda,"If you thought this was going to be GTA:Deus Ex Online, then you're in for a treat with this one.The map isn't trying to pull the typical ""we're the biggest guy on the market"" BS. It's a little bigger than GTA4, but the sheer amount of objects, NPC's and general activity going on in each block is nothing you've seen before.I loaded my game 6 minutea after launch and had a little bit of an issue with steam, then Uplay loaded like normal right after and it's been flawless. I'm running a single AMD card at max settings with the only exception being I'm not running 8x MSAA (it gets artifacts and issues) But I'm running it to my 50 inch TV, so Temporal SMAA for 1080p is smooth enough and I get well over 60fps in city. Others have been complaining about this game not being optimized for AMD, which I think is partially true, but new drivers were dropped a few weeks ago and I'm running them without issue.As typical of the genre, driving physics and damage are ultra forgiving, a big gripe for me that I live with. The dialog is plentiful, but not as perfect as GTA5. (which to be fair Rockstar when out of their way to get authentic actors for each roll at a massive expense. It's almost unfair to expect the same of others or at least I won't consider being below the GTA standard as being subpar.)Bottomline, It is a fun game to run around, explore, and do various things. It has a surprisingly nice focus on Stealth if you like to play that way, but it doesn't matter if you're an MGS type of guy or a typical open world hooligan, you'll enjoy this game quite a bit if you didn't expect it to be the most amazing thing since losing your virginity.[I'm not saying it's over hyped, but I think some people have seen the marketing and let it get them into thinking this is going to be the most astonishing thing ever. It is ground breaking in some ways, but familiar in a lot of other ways. So my advice is to just enjoy it and not jump into it expecting it to be 100% unique and original like some new genre was made.]"
,Recommended,243470,10268422,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,JakobEnWelle,It's an enjoyable game as long as you suspend your disbelief and play it as it's own universe. A few launch issues but simply retrying to log in generally fixes it.
,Recommended,243470,10268478,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,BarterClub,Well i Don't think this game sucks. But i see a lot of people saying this game is a lie. People that can't run the game are probably on a low end PC. And im sorry for them but you can't say the game is bad do to those kind of reasons.I really like it!!! I just see other games in this one. Like Far Cry 3 and other Ubisoft games.Pros:-Graphics-World-Cars-Online Mode (When it works)-Story-Mini GamesCons:-U Play-Online Mode (Forcing people to use it)-Bugs-Not optimizeI cant find one thing that this game lied about online. But i might have missed it. I think we have a great new IP that has the potential to be a great series.If you dont belive me go watch Our Twitch Page add see for yourself if its the game for you.http://www.Twitch.com/CyberBeeTV
,Recommended,243470,10268573,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,"٩,٩૦£","After finishing this game in less than 30 hours (I'm sure you could finish it in 6), i've gotten a couple of dissapointments.The main story isn't long enough, and although it's good, i really wish there was more. Sure, with all the people ""invading"" your game and other stuff stopping you from doing the main story, the story becomes quite longer than it actually is.The reason i finished the game in 30 hours is because i didn't really do the main missions as fast as you could have, i went after alot of other stuff, but the thing is, there are only about 50 missions in the entire game and almost all of the missions are the same things. If i were to split the missions into different groups depending on what they were about and what you did in them, there would be about 5-8 categories.I do recommend this game cause it's alot of fun to play, however, if you're buying it mainly for a good, long story game, i would not buy it.(Oh yeah, and also, no co-op? What, do we really live in 2014?)"
,Recommended,243470,10271855,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,The Bling King,"Hacked some frumpy ladies phone, stole over 4k,  ♥♥♥♥♥ tried to call some hacker mob to dob me in.  Blacked out the entire city with the press of my phone button.  Executed her on the spot with a silenced pistol to the back of the head in the black chaos of the city streets.  No one was the wiser.  Walked the away and bought a new suit.   8/10"
76561198060411903,Recommended,243470,10280016,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,The-Questor,"I don't have an AMD graphics card so the game actually worked for me, this game is very fun but if you are able to play here are the cons to the game:-Cars are very hard to control and unrealistic-Cover system can get frustrating when Aiden goes his own way-All the guards detect you if one sees you, making stealth slightly cumbersome-Story is a little overused-Mouse acceleration is not editable (There are tutorials how to disable it though)These are the only cons in my opinion, this game has a lot of great things in it, the hacking is awesome, gameplay is solid, and the graphics are beautiful.*******ONLY BUY THIS GAME IF YOU DO NOT HAVE AN AMD PROCESSOR*******"
,Recommended,243470,10299412,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,SnivellusCh,Nice game!Actually the spotlights is the story.Never mind the details it will be an awesome game of the year. I like watch dogs but hate UBI!I have to say Aiden save his family but lose his female partner Clara.I thought they will be together at the end.So it is a pity.
,Not Recommended,243470,13643138,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Slab SquatThrust,"I liked this game for the first 20 minutes, voice acting was good, setting and mood was good. Then it turned into a standard shooter GTA-wannabe. Overall crap.The multiplayer death match is fun and so are the people suddenly showing up during mission trying to steal your♥♥♥♥♥♥Also crap performance, bugs and last of all uPlay. Hateful game. Wait for a good deal."
,Recommended,243470,10347544,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,8`,"Awesome game! I haven't actually enjoyed a game in a while and this was a good surprise! Some people are saying they are getting issues with AMD parts and crashes, I run a AMD FX-4130 CPU with an Nvidia GeForce 760 from EVGA and haven't had one crash or any frame rate issues. I have also never had an issue connecting to the Uplay servers like some people have. I would really recommendthis game to anyone looking for a new good game."
,Recommended,243470,23456793,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,™ĐдRcK˘°,Best game 10/10 :p
76561197975732248,Not Recommended,243470,11190583,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,iThrud,"Derivative gameplay, enforced use of the crappy UPlay service which more often than not screams UNOTPlay, craploads of DLC from the start. Get GTA, its more fun with better controls. Did I mention they intentonally gimped the PC version to match the console version? And the controls! Awful, unless you love consoles, in which case get it on a console."
,Not Recommended,243470,10918746,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Dacia Sandero,Last time I support Ubisoft.  They've got a mountain to climb before they earn anymore of my dollars.Nevertheless running over your friends in a box truck during online play is mildly rewarding.
,Not Recommended,243470,11169518,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Lolm333,"When i first saw this game i was like "" This♥♥♥♥♥♥is going to be so dope."".  So i bought it, but this game is the biggest pile of♥♥♥♥♥I have ever seen from a AAA game company. What ever you do dont buy this. It is the exact opposite of what they promised."
76561197970390197,Recommended,243470,33272716,Posted: 5 July,all,Dargol,"Interesting story, good (yet a bit challenging) gameplay, the city feels alive and this is still a REALLY good looking game (requires the Worse Mod to look stunning). Also the driving model is good, I don't know why some people complain about it; I play with mouse/keyboard combo and I enjoy driving. Probably the best open city game I have played. 5/5."
,Recommended,243470,29231197,Posted: 13 January,all,ste2999,"Even though this game has lots of bad reputation, I totally recommend it. Fun shooter, intense story, diverse missions. And, although many say something else, most of the characters are fantastic, all of them have a distictive personality with some cool features.Definitely worth buying!"
,Recommended,243470,16964568,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,manixm,its a good game!:D
,Recommended,243470,16963557,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,SilverChaos,"TL;DRGo to Pros/Cons and Overall/Ratings list section.So, let's talk aboutPC Performances.It feels like Ubisoft PC Tester didn't test out other computers just to see if the performances are going smooth, but too lazy and just keep it the way it is. Having to drive around (sometimes), some hometown places, and crowdy area can be issues with FPS dropped around 20-45 FPS. Unfortunately, there are no mod files added to reduce FPS and good performances since I tried it out and it didn't work.For the3rd Party DRM,akaUplay,it is indeed requires you to use as Uplay Account in order to redeemed the game through Steam CD Keys. There are chances that it can messes you up for CD Keys like ""Season Pass"" that was already in used by someone else. So, I have to sent the ticket to Steam and Uplay Support at the same time. Steam Support told me Uplay was the responsible for CD Keys because Ubisoft developed it. I blame Steam for CD keys having to be at the same code for someone else. Since I've sent some screenshot attachments to Uplay Support for Proof of Purchases, it took me about 5 days to get a new code for ""Season Pass"" and it does actually work. So, it's pretty lame that you required to use it to launch 3rd Party DRM when you're about to play this through Steam.The storyline can be a bit of lacking problem.Spoiler Alert:What happens is that each storyline can be bit of jumping plot that Aiden has so much things to do. Interrogating the hitman by the club, Jordi got a contract for him, work under as Damien (the Antagonist), info and assassinate Mr. Iraq, someone (not the player) hacked you, save his sister, check whose behind all of this, assassinate ""Lucky"" Quinn because he's greedy bas-tard that does favour for someone's contract, finish Damien once and for all. I give it 6.5/10 for this storyline.For theGameplay,it almost does kind of reminds me like GTA or Saints Row in Open World and being chased by cops or thugs (with the exception that you cannot ride on helicopter). Hacking was probably one of the fun things to do like explode the steam pipe, neutralized traffic, traps, ambush, stealing someone's money, disable ability, feedback noises, distraction, etc. You can also do crafting equipment like Grenades, IED, Blackout, Lure, etc. The guns has a lot of variety things like AK-47, SCAR-20, Silencer Pistol, Desert Eagle, MP5 Navy, Sniper Rifle, etc, but no RPG. Clothing looks pretty cool though, but only about 7 set of styles. -_- The skill trees does help to improve the advantages through the gameplay. The driving physics can be a problem and weird things because of ramming into someone else cars and steering as well. In-game volume was a issue problem that I couldn't possibly hear it so low to low-moderate and already maxed to 100% in-game, even the speakers or headphones as well (Set 60-70% on desktop). I do not care about graphics nor like E3 style. I have no intentions about the graphics. Just the Gameplay itself.For theMissions,it does actually have an optionally to do stealth mode that makes easier to get past through rather than loud that causes to get more trouble and bring reinforcements, but only some of them are limited with it. The Side Mission Contracts can help and lead you to gain more exp., money and reputation level.TheMultiplayer Onlinewas not really worth it. Especially what happens when the players leave their mics on, they ended up having to be some background noises than in-game, and forgot to turn it off. Here are the lists for each game mode.Online Hacking/Tailingwas just useless like ""Hide and Seek"" style that you have to profile the player who is behind to hack your thing and kill him/her to stop the hacking. Only problem is that player can be a hacker/cheater like on the house roof that you cannot reach him/her to stop. Sometimes, even if you're about to hack coTS Tower to reveal your navigation map, but you get interrupted by the player who is hacking at you and must find him/her, then after that, go back to the stupid thing for such a long way to hack the coTS Tower. (There's an optional that you can turn off the ""Online Hacking"" under the ""Options"" menu so it doesn't bother you for being hacked, but loses all your notoriety skills, which is only in ""multiplayer"" effect).Decryption Combat Modewas okay. Play either Lone Wolf or Team Based. Your objective is to grab the encryption file and hold on to it until it reaches 100%. It will affect for the same percentage like 50% if you or your teammates died, the enemy takes it and continues at 50% to decrypt it. Sometimes, having to be some minor issue lag can be a problem because of little hit detection. Don't forget, the performances as well if things going chaos.Race modewas also okay. It has some minor issue lag whether you are in the lead or someone else was in the lead and you couldn't possibly tell whose is in 1st place. Don't forget, Car Physics that can cause a problem to run into something.Online Free-Roamwas pretty fun to play with your friends to have some blast city, but no missions or contracts which is kind of suck and would've been.Pros:Open World/Huge Map VarietyStealth Missions (Optional, but limited missions)Side Mission ContractsWeapons and Clothing VarietyHacking Variety like someone's phone to steal their money, personal info, crafting, neutralize traffic, explode, etc.Cool SoundtrackCons:Poor Optimization/Bad Performances(My Computer Specs)Required Uplay account to activate the game and launch 3rd Party DRM.In-Game volume problemBit of lacking Story LineDriving Physics weirdOnline Multiplayer was not worth it (e.g. minor lag issue, players left their mic on ended up making background noises, going to hack coTS Tower, but then interrupted and player is hacking at you.)Overall, I give it 7/10 for this game. My only recommendation is that if you like Open World type, interacting to the people in the city, and hacking for fun, then give it try and you'll love it. But, I highly suggest you wait until it goes on sale.If your computer can't run properly or game is broken, even if you purchased it accidentally, request for a refund."
76561198307329043,Recommended,243470,29080771,Posted: 6 January,all,Braco,"I like it. The driving is isn't bad, but it's not best or very good. I like the combat honestly. At first the shooting seems kind of odd, but 2 hours in or so it should get better. Not to mention seeing that 'F' near an emeny and taking them down makes you feel like an absolute boss, even once you've done it 1,000 times. The end wasn't exactly what I wanted but hey, what can you do? Not sure if it was a part of the last mission or the second to last mission but it had me feeling like crap. I mean why did that happen? :( Besides the one part of the mission that took me 30 minutes I really like this game."
,Recommended,243470,10820639,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,s3nt,"Very fun and enjoyable game! It had a few bugs, but none that degraded the game. Very enjoyable storyline, great hacking elements. 9/10 :D"
,Not Recommended,243470,11794791,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,TheMusk,"I played Whatch_dogs... but something felt...wrong.I mean, the graphics are ok, but just ok.The city is dead, not as they promised, and the whole game felt to me a little bit disappointing.Ubisoft said that this game will be much more, but i can't see that."
,Not Recommended,243470,10285346,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Asjdj,"I really can't recommend this game because of the downgrade on graphics an the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ preforms. I barely get 60 fps on medium an the game doesn't look that good so it shouldn't preform that way should it no it really shouldn't.Here's my speci7 3770kMSI 770 gaming edition8 GB of kingston 1866 RAMI can run Tera online (if you know that game) at 60+ fps on max settings at 1920x1080 pixel. So how on earth does watch_dogs runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ tera online looks better for god sake an then there's the hole online DRM♥♥♥♥♥♥that is falt out the worst thing for pc gaming, can you be more untrust for your customer?"
,Recommended,243470,27903217,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Purple,"Another one of those gems that have a fun single player mode but is let down by it's multiplayer.Like most open world games, it is infested with hackers (no not the ones that make the local steam pipe go boom boom)though having your wits and cunning in mind and having a cheap♥♥♥♥♥mindset with leave them crying with a loss and some self consideration on how they wasted a couple of minutes to install/inject a cheat which that time they could have spent on reading a guide on how to ""git gud"".Yes the graphics and performance were a bit of a let down, it's not like you've heard that from the thousands of reviews already. I'm suprised people haven't learned not to judge a book by it's cover yet but ah well.With the next title set to come out tommorow to date of this review, people are already saying that downgrades are happening and things are gonna be removed. Let us not jump to conclusions and just hope that Ubisoft aren't shooting themselves in the foot for both theirs' and our wallet's sakes."
76561198091280741,Not Recommended,243470,10281500,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,explosivephaser,"I'm sure I'll enjoy the game once it works, but I never got an activation key for my game.  Even better Ubisoft didn't care enough to respond to me.  So glad I can't play my $60 game."
76561198114126363,Recommended,243470,10394129,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Spirit™.old,it es awesme best ever
,Not Recommended,243470,10265585,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,NextTierGaming,"I would not recommend you this game at the momment. The game did mess with my mouse BIOs or something went wrong with my mouse because i could not move it, I had to re format my hard drive just to fix the problem not even a restore worked... My suggestion is to wait for a month maybe 2 so they could hopefully fix it."
,Not Recommended,243470,10327866,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Urban Nova,"Crashed as soon as i pressed ""New Game"""
76561198043050485,Not Recommended,243470,10285806,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,fkilgannon,"This is the last time I EVER pre-order a game. Couldn't start downloading until after 7am on launch day. I'd have been playing sooner if I'd gone to a midnight launch!!! The game is so full of bugs its unplayable!!! I have a game that I pre ordered and have installed but I'll be looking at waiting a week befor I can play the damn thing ..... and no I'm not going to tone my settings all the way down just so I can play, that defeats the whole purpose!!!Probably an exelent game, just have to wait far them to fix it, would have thought all the extra time they took would have been enough!!!"
76561198063579506,Recommended,243470,10591848,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,little pete,"hey guys its Jimbo here with another great review. this game is called wash dogs which is pretty much like a quickscope/dog washing simulator based of the popular novel harry potter. this game is centered in las santos and is the prequal to sleeping dogs which pretty much means its sub par. the graphics are aight but the quick scope mechanics is where the game shines. when u get a great quickscope they game ultimately crashes because the the new advanced 3D noscope mechanics. ""11-10, they aight"" - barack obama: 1999-19999 rip in kill (goodnit swet prins). after u beat the game ur gonna b like what becasue at the end u realize ur intervention fall camo edition is actually the dog that u were supposed to watch and u start to get really mad because y would they do that. wash dogs is a riveting, exellent game that pushes the boundries of all human integritythe verdict-8/8 it was gr8 m8"
,Recommended,243470,10330698,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Assassino,"hell yeah, nigguh14/10 doritos & mountain dew approved"
,Recommended,243470,10269128,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,serendipity,Gift this game to someone you hate.It worth all the money. :)
,Not Recommended,243470,31249847,Posted: 19 April,all,☠WhiteBeard⚜BlackWolf☠,"It is your ""average Ubisoft"" game which means that it is crap, even though this one is a little worse than the others.IO don't understand how can Ubisoft be so much popular with all the crap they come with.Nowadays games are all badly unoptimized, especially Ubisoft's ones.This one is one of the wrost.This game's optimization is a joke.It feels like a game made for consoles, well, it's probably the case because if it was made for the PC from ground, it would be 1000x better than this and way more beautiful.Also, you can't hide the hud at all, nor the cursor, I love playing video games without those annoying hud and cursors but in this game, you can't do anything about it, fun isn't?They can't even implent basic stuff then they think that their games are revolutionary, yeah... Great.IMPORTANT Edit: I don't know anymore, my opinion on this game stays the same but... but there are two things, the shooting and moving.... it's so damn annoying, who thought that it would be good to bring aim assist and mouse acceleration? We, PC gamers who plays on a keyboard/mouse, do not need that kind of crap, it's pathetic, seriously, it feels like you're playing on 5 fps, I don't want to play this kind of game with a controller.My review will stay the same, but keep that in mind, it's really annoying, you can fix it a little by playing with the config file but it won't be perfect, the game is really badly made when it comes to that, overall, it feels more like a console game than a pc game, and that is why I'm giving it a 1.5/10And honestly, the radio is crap, it's so realistic, can you even call that ""music"", as far as I know, no, those who chose those songs doesn't knows crap about music.I have stopped playing this game becvause it is seriously a chore and that is not a good thing becasue I always try to finish most of the games (generally 100%) but in this case, I won't, it just prove how **** is this game, seriously, stay away, it is one of the worse game that was ever made.This is seriously in one of the top 25 of the worse games ever created.Come on Ubisoft, you are truly incompetents, but you can still do better than this crap, at least, that's what I thought."
76561198055444975,Recommended,243470,11337294,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Warden,"like everyone says, Watchdogs was very overhyped and underdelivered. that being said, its still a great fun game to mess around and have fun, i've played over 14 hours and im not bored of it at all, there is a lot of things to do, such as minigames and 4 seperate games like Spider Tank in which you are a giant spider and you terrorize a section of the city. (or you can play psycadelic in which you fly around and bounce off flowers). the campaign is reasonably long, and in the 14 hours i played i only have done 6 missions because there are so many side missions you can also do, like taking out gangs, stopping convoys, and getting a car from point A to point B while avoiding cops or trying to take a least damage as possible. in conclusion, Watchdogs is still a great game, despite it being overhyped."
,Not Recommended,243470,13682915,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Muta,"It's fun for like four hours, but last like, 16. :(Also: uPlay."
76561198165354368,Recommended,243470,27011926,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,arun_WASD,runs great now so you can check this out before watchdogs 2 comes out
76561197999978063,Recommended,243470,10349758,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Kandriff,"If i were to sum this game up in one word it would be ""Meh"""
76561198051931637,Recommended,243470,32949693,Posted: 28 June,all,Nelson,"Highly underrated game, I don't understand why it got so much hate.The story is pretty good, as far as AAA video games goes. And the gameplay is actually really fun, with a lot of good ideas.It's not exempt of defaults, but I would recommend it without second thoughts."
,Recommended,243470,27724072,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Ari,The best Sombra simulator i ever played
76561198072428050,Not Recommended,243470,13648329,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,evans274,I want a ♥♥♥♥ing refund. XD
,Recommended,243470,25165138,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Sk i lLΞ X™,I Played 100% & I didn't see any Dog - Please Help !
,Recommended,243470,11818117,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,CJHP,"Stunning game, there's a couple of things that need fixing but still a great game, Must Buy!!!!"
76561197989908752,Recommended,243470,11720517,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,IRazor,I expected a lot more (cause of the trailers) but still a fun game.
,Not Recommended,243470,10404036,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Timaah,"I keep hearing watchdogs is a great game, but everytime i launch it it blue screens my computer. turrible"
76561198035201203,Not Recommended,243470,10257809,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Stalio,"It glitches,brakes,freezes,and more terrible stuff.Don't buy it save you money!"
,Not Recommended,243470,10258182,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Moose,The game does not meet the expectation of the hypeness.Overly hyped.Missions get repetitive.I have to use console controller for driving.bad customization.
,Recommended,243470,13206704,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,REALears,TENOUTTATEN.unless you don't have an overclocked GeForce GTX 780 Ti you're going to have a bad time
,Recommended,243470,13384545,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Graem 117,"This game is was a interesting experience. Even though the extra's were a bit much, the main story was very enjoyable to play in and some of the comedy in spying on others can really show if you look into the camera's or personal life's. Its basically a satire of todays technology and how bad it can get if we allow one system to control everything.The only problem I did not like was how long it would take to complete some tasks, I am fine with a few collectables, but I think they should tone it down a bit with that. Its the same for the assassin creed series and I hope they tone it down in future titles. Plus the multiplayer component was a bit off for my tastes, it can be fun when all of a sudden your bieng attack by a hacker during a single player game, but when your about to play a mission and then some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ gets in the way, then it gets very annoying.Lastly the graphics was greatly blocked due to the coding in the game, good news was I was able to get those features back and in better optimization thanks to a few mods. So the game looked very great at its best.Overall its great, just the extra's need a bit of tweaking that all, and maybe next time please offer what you advertise."
,Recommended,243470,10327979,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Zpocalypse,"Played it, liked it, wished the story was longer. As for me, i'm running on Intel and Nvidia stuff, and I haven't had too many problems, I couldn't care less for Uplay, it's never had any problems for me (not counting the day the servers crashed) you don't need Uplay to play the game people.Aside from that little rant, i enjoyed the gameplay, it retained (somewhat) of the whole stealthy/nonstealthy aspect of far cry 3 for certain missions, the lack of the ability to customize guns with attachments sort of sucks (there are very few silenced weapons). The controls are not helpful in many situations, considering citizens call the police if you have your gun out and shift + tab is the steam overlay shortcut, it gets in the way (i can't think of any other good remap, and i can't take a controller everywhere i go) Other than that, the gunplay is good, i played the vigilante (good) side of the reputation, so the gun play was good, i just wish there was more of it.There are an over-abundance of ""chase"" or ""take-down"" missions throughout the game, and they can be annoying in a sense, take GTA, you can fire a gun in a vehicle there, in Watch_Dogs? no, course not, that would make things less annoying, you have to resort to the games pathing and hope you don't miss your opportunity to take out the enemy via traffic lights, steam pipes, or blockers (the latter of which you will use maybe once or twice)I enjoy the way police react to you, the whole reputation system, etcetera etcetera, makes you think twice before shooting an officer or a civilian, and ripping a persons phone out of their hands, or pointing a gun at them, or almost running them over is amusing, for a while.I found minimal glitches in the game, theres the odd occassional one, but nothing that would break the game.Multiplayer can be fun, and it can leave you quite fed up, i got hacked once, the guy had a vehicle and was playing it well, the second time the guy hid behind something for the entire session, not exactly fair, then i proceeded to hack someone to get my notoriety up, and he quit the game immediately, and at other times i simply wrecked people in decryption.I enjoyed this, i'd give it a 7.8/10"
,Recommended,243470,10889821,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Tiny Rick,"not good as E3 said, but still a GOOD game"
76561197997180169,Not Recommended,243470,10906237,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Sleepow,"Uplay issues prventing from playing the game: no indication of the quality of the game, but shows the value of games with strict DRM.Still waiting for Uplay support to give a better solution than reinstalling the game and Uplay, which did not work."
,Recommended,243470,28949854,Posted: 2 January,all,Sir.Voyage,"Better than GTA V?NO! But still I recommend everyone to try Watch Dogs. Cool story, nice graphic, also music in game is awesome!!! Only ten dollars for 20 hours of story mode and maybe 10 - 15 hours of side missions...Overhyped, but still funny to play. RECOMMEND!"
,Not Recommended,243470,10277613,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Icecold,Uplay more like Ucan'tplay
,Not Recommended,243470,10894008,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Sea Snips Mcgillicuddy,never ever give ubisoft money .
,Recommended,243470,11984516,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,ghost,"OH JEEZ HE WROTE A POSITIVE REVIEW ON WATCH_DOGES, GO GET EM!Ok ok ok, I understand that some people are really upset that the game is WAAAAAY overhyped. I would be upset aswell. You get home, sit down at the computer and drop part of your latest paycheck on the game you where excited for. You soon realize that the game doesnt look as good as it did at E3. Aiden kinda seems like Batman with his grumbly voice and vigilanty style. You soon get upset because you expected to be ♥♥♥♥♥♥ing all over your monitor every 10 seconds, but only getting a slight boner.I was not one of these people.I picked up Watch Dogs not to long ago (today is Sept 4th, 14) because the idea of a free roam mixed with elite haxxor skillz by shaking off cops and others by changing street lights, deploying road blocks to stop cars in there tracks, or even causing blackouts to move in for a stealthy kill. I play on a keyboard, and ive never had a problem hacking things in the game nor have I ever thought that I need to go out of my way to press Q and drive or shoot at the same time.Yes, the vanilla textures DO NOT look how they did at E3 Whateverthe♥♥♥♥year as it does in the game. Well problem fixed because there is a SUPER simple mod on how to make it look like it did. My 12 year old Sis can do it and she doesnt know what a .txt file is or does.Yes, Uplay is a major chore to deal with. Almost everyone can agree that Uplay is just more stupid DRM that no one likes. Personally I have never had a problem logging into Uplay with any Ubi game ive bought. (Far Cry series, AC series, blah)The thing is, Uplay isnt going away. Ubisoft thinks that Uplay is on par or better then steam, so get used to it. I did, it sucks, but it takes like another 15 seconds in the game launch.As for the game itself, I really enjoy everything that Chicago has to offer. From the people walking the streets to the various street games to play. I spent a long time in a game of chess with an NPC, and it still ended in a tie. I didnt feel bad I just went on to the next thing to do, and I enjoyed the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of doing that aswell.""Well what did you do after the chess match that you quote, enjoyed the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of?""Well id love to tell you. Watch Dogs has a feature that Aidens ""Super Future Super Phone"" will go off and tell you if there is a, *mhm* random criminal act going on, large gang locations, criminal convoys in the area and more. Each one is a different situation, with different people, and in a different location. And I enjoyed swooping up on criminals and saying ""Boo"" as I beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of them.In the end, I reccomend Watch_Doges to anyone who enjoys GTA open world exploring with a haxxor twist. A great man once said, and by that I mean my 56 year old alcohalic Uncle said one time, ""Its not a waste of money if you enjoy it.""ANYONE WHO COMPLAINS ABOUT THE CRAP DRIVING IS JUST A♥♥♥♥♥♥DRIVER, THESE TIRES ARENT COATED WITH BUTTER AS PEOPLE SAY. GET BETTER AT VIDEO JUEGOS .3."
,Not Recommended,243470,10325218,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,sync?,Surprising lack of watching any kind of canine. 1/10
76561197971511749,Not Recommended,243470,10328380,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Navarre,"- Runs like♥♥♥♥♥on high spec machines.- My save file has recently become unplayable, no posted time for a solution, appreantly effecting all formats of the game and theres a 1700 page threadnaught on their website but the QA team missed it.- Ubisoft perhaps the worst game dev on the planet."
,Not Recommended,243470,10320960,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Erwin Hummdinger,Watch_Dogs or: How I Learned to Stop Preordering from Ubisoft and Hate the Hype Machine
,Recommended,243470,12194710,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,-maestropan-,"Loads of fun, especially the multiplayer.Story isn't super great, but if you enter this game expecting anything other than an arcade-sandbox, you might be disappointed. The online hacking 1v1 and decryption modes in particular are replay value out the wazoo."
,Not Recommended,243470,10609842,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Nintok,"this game is worst game i playes in this year, stupid physics and gameplay, worst optimisation ever, i even cant play on ultra with GTX 780 TI and intel core I7 DONT BUY THIS GAME!!!"
,Recommended,243470,20237919,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Grimwald,"Ubisoft have made a good open world, and then closed it, with this game. Mission zones and time limits add to the frustration of escaping gangsters that have 5 car loads of bodyguards on call and within a block. NPC cars don't obey the same physics model as the player's car and can't even be hit with a Pitt maneuver successfully no matter the mass difference in the player's favour. They also can't be pushed into tunnel pillars for the same reason. This makes chases that have to take down the target very frustrating because they are immune to the envrionment whilst you are not. However the bad stuff said it does have an engaging play mode of sweeping for cash, upgrading gear, gaining skills that aid your standard mode, and a metric tonne of side-quests and mini-games (some cheesey yet enjoyable). There are homages to Carmageddon, Wonder Boy, and other classics buried within Watch_Dogs. I've read that the ""Online Sessions"" are the most challenging and will update this review after trying them out enough to get a good handle on that mode."
76561198036907528,Not Recommended,243470,12068553,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,SlighT~ChunK~of~PoO,played this game was a great build up before it came out.. but a complete let down when it did come out the driving was  of the worst. not to mention it was the same crap repeated alot
,Not Recommended,243470,11596070,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Echo|FX,"My initial impression of Watch_Dogs was that it would end up playing almost like a slightly futuristic Assassin's Creed. The more I played, though, the more it reminded me of another game - Far Cry 3. A lot of the exploration and combat mechanics feel straight out of FC3.Really, the best parts of the game were the ones that reminded me most of Far Cry. Sadly, that means most of the stuff that was distinctly Watch_Dogs was quite underwhelming. The hacking mechanics are occasionally neat, but for the most part feel like they were never fully realized. This isn't a hacking game with some third person shooter tacked on, it's a third person shooter with some light hacking elements.Worse, some other parts of the game were spectacularly un-fun. Generally, anything involving driving was an excercise in frustration as the controls feel incredibly loose. That compounds the worst part of the game - the police chases. Supposedly that should have been one of the best parts - using your environment to aid your escape, but the exact opposite is true. If you're trying to play a ""good"" vigilante, you are penalized for hurting civilians and police - both things that are all too easy to have happen during the chases. It leads to a real disconnect (especially in the game's finale) where the game feels more like the carnage encouraging Grand Theft Auto than a game with a heroic lead.Watch_Dogs certainly wasn't worth the full retail price. Even when it eventually goes on sale I'd be hesitant to recommend it. There's a solid 25 to 30 hours of gameplay (maybe more if you're a completionist) but the actual game feels like it let down it's concept, and there were way too many missions where I was in no way having fun."
,Not Recommended,243470,10703758,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,ĴęŅƙĨǹs,"This is a tough one.PROS:- Satisfying stealth mechanics that actually payoff, and sometimes it pays to choose the stealth route, even after several failed attempts.- Very high level of voice acting, sound design, and Score (NOT the Soundtrack though!)- Very impressive array of different textures. Didn't go down too many alleys that felt exactly the same as the last, Ubisoft managed to create a highly detailed scaled down Chicago.- The mini-map, and the larger ""pause"" map, is almost perfect. THIS is how open world games should do it. One of the only issues was icons being hidden behind other icons, and having to zoom right in to see that there are actually 2 in that 1 spot.- Most controls were intuitive, even if you missed the 3000 helper hints onscreen for what to press. I should note here that I played through the whole game with a controller, and not a Mouse & KB.- I can't believe I'm listing this as a ""pro"", but I got through the majority of the game with little performance issues or crashes. I did get the occasional hang or two, but nothing keyboard-smashingly bad. Rig: i5 3570k | Asus GTX660 | 8GB Corsair Dominator RAM | Gigabyte H77N mobo- I actually loved how not all front-on collisions causes your car to come to a violent stop. It's almost like the front of the car sometimes acts like a triangle, and the front hood corners pass-through other oncoming cars' hoods. Either that is a well designed feature, or a caveat of the weird physics collision system.-I'm struggling to think of many more ""pros"" for this game, as much as I would like to.Now for the juicy bits;CONS:- uPlay is probably my #1 choice here. Thankfully I didn't have anywhere near the connection or validation issues that other users had, especially at launch. But god damn Ubisoft, actually to any publishers or developers out there, If you are going to submit your game to a DRM and eCommerce system like Steam, don't ♥♥♥♥ing include your own on top of that. It's pretty obvious what you are trying to do, convert people to your own system, but no, sorry, that♥♥♥♥♥♥isn’t gunna fly with the vast majority of gamers who have already settled into Steam, and are massively critical of any other type of DRM that is put on top of it, and rightly so.- The story. I mean seriously, what the ♥♥♥♥ is the problem with making an engaging, mysterious and thought provoking story? Plot twists don't equal drama, and the constant allusions to close ones who might betray you, is just sloppy writing. I picked up one of the characters future-betrayal WITHIN 10 SECONDS of being introduced to them. I even said it out loud ""yep, you're probably going to regret this Aiden"" and wheyyy what do you know, 26 hours later, my much maniacal powers of deduction came true. The sequel bait also leaves a funny aftertaste in your mouth after 30-40 hours of grinding through the story.- That's another one. Grinding. Why do most of the side missions feel like a grind? So devoid of any real meaning or purpose. Go here, hack camera, steal security code, kill guards, hack console, defend area, repeat Ad nauseam. Don't get me wrong, these things can be fun, even in this game... But it's the periods of ""not-fun"" that vastly outweigh the fun parts for me. Especially in the side missions. Only Criminal convoys and gang hideouts were the 2 side activities that I actually wanted to try and finish all of them. The rest were so ""meh"" I left my map littered with side mission icons I couldn't give 2 ♥♥♥♥♥ about finishing.- The physics. LO freaking L.Ok so, on-foot physics, bullet and destruction physics, all fine. In fact, because the on-foot physics feel almost directly ripped out of Assassins Creed, they are super solid, and the movement, especially change-of-direction while running, is some of the best on-foot physics around. BUT. And it's a big one; the driving physics are so horribly arcade-like & broken that 90% of the time, after you hop in a vehicle and speed off, within seconds the immersion of the game is broken, because some odd thing happens with the driving physics. I don't expect this game to be the shining example of driving physics like a Codemasters game or a GTA level game, but I mean c'mon, the driving was better in SLEEPING DOGS than it is in Watch_Dogs, and the games are tens of millions of dollars apart. In a large, open world game like this, where the main mode of transport from getting from A to B is driving, you better believe that it will have a huge impact on how the game ""feels"".- The whole thing about the graphics being scaled down due to whatever reason. I can look past ""average"" graphics, but the only part about that whole fiasco is that we are shown (and promised) one thing [e3 2012 look of W_D], but are given another. Yes the game changes during development, but that means you should redo all your ""ingame"" footage, trailers, marketing material etc etc, but they didn't, they still haven't, and if you look at the store page for Watch_Dogs, the bloody screenshots look like they are from /that/ version of the game. So high-def that they look pre-rendered.- The soundtrack (the in game radio music). FAIL. Is all I have to say to that. Maybe 1 or 2 tracks out of 50+ that are good driving songs. The rest seem out of place. Good attempt at a music management system with playlists and what not, but very poor choice of songs (variety is good, no name bands and songs not-so good).- I didn't like how easy it was to make money in this game and the lack of choices to spend the loot on. Once you gain the abilities of getting more money per person hacked, and then the added ability for the game to identify which target has ""rich bank account"" or an 'interesting' item, hacking for money goes from being a no-risk, small reward scenario, to a ridiculous cash fest that loses all meaning after a couple of hours. There are no hookers, there are no car mods, there are no fancy weapon mods, character customisation or anything like that to spend your effortless millions on, just guns and ammo, and a few cars & costumes that really don't add much to the game.To some up all of the above, this game feels emptier the more you play it. I tried so hard to justify the 85 hard earned dollars I spent on it, that ultimately the very act of having to think of a bullet point list of things to make me think, yeah, money well spent, is just downright wrong. The game has some very strong points, but even solid foundations have weak points, as does Watch_Dogs. Unfortunately those weak points are pretty easy to come by, depending on your experience, which could even be before the game has even launched.If you have played through any of these games, then don't expect much more from Watch_Dogs;Assassin's CreedTom Clancy's Splinter CellTom Clancy's Rainbow Six (Vegas and Vegas 2 mostly, gunplay is very similar [Good thing I guess])Far Cry, Car Cry 2, Far Cry 3 (+ DLCs and also when it's released, I bet Far Cry 4 has elements ported directly to and from Watch_Dogs)*Sleeping Dogs*Any GTA since 3* = Inspiration taken from, in some aspects, quite heavily (also comes with the territory of a game like this)Obviously if you've played any of those games, you will know that Ubisoft are good at what they do, and sometimes excel even, but when you mash all of those games together, you're left with a confusing pile of patchy solidity and frailness.To get a full sense of what I am talking about, I do suggest playing all those games, because THEY are worth their price tags in one way or another. But I don't feel like Watch_Dogs is, not even close. It's not the graphical or mechanical masterpiece that Assassin's Creed was when it first hit the shelves ~8 years ago, which is probably when ideas were being thrown around for W_D. I pretty much felt like more than 50% of the main story I completed just because I had paid to, not because I wanted to.Stretches a 6/10.."
,Recommended,243470,10323751,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,PurpleAnarchist,Watch_Dogs is the GTA V all PC gamers want. I've read that people were having problems on AMD systems. My system seems to be running it fine.FX-6100 processorRadeon 78XX GPUThe game glitches out sometime where I get some LARGE light patterns on the ground and some buildings despawn in the background but all and all this game is not that bad.
76561198035020037,Recommended,243470,17300026,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Rigel,i love it the first 2 mission are weird because you dont understand whats going on but after that it gets great! the open world is fantastic i recommend it to anyone who likes open world games
76561198093030085,Recommended,243470,17318896,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Jipster,"What?! a thumbs up?Well, my a honest opinion about this game is actually pretty positive i must say.This game is a totally new experience made possible by hacking and stealth combined with an awesome storyline.It's true that the game doesn't run smoothly all the time and the physics are poor but at least they fixed the loading screens and the install with patches. !Ubisoft = patches!  My overall opinion isn't so much about graphics,fps,... (they are important) but about the storyline, characters , collectibles, possibilities and the amount of time you can play this game without getting bored! This game does it right with most of them. I recommend this game to people with decent computers to get the most out of it."
,Not Recommended,243470,10641561,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,incoherent weeb noises,"This game is the♥♥♥♥♥♥under my shoe. When the creators were creating this game, I can only imagine the counteless hours of circle jerking in the same cubicle and the 30 minutes they put into this game. I'm almost certain a block of grass in minecraft is smarter than the AI in this game. It's also amazing that the next gen graphics look worse than counter strike source graphics. And why the ♥♥♥♥ does Chicage have mountains, WHYYY??? I don't understand.I honestly feel sorry for anyone who bought this game, including myself. I rather shove a teddy bear up my♥♥♥♥♥than play this game for more than 30 minutes. I get more pleasure picking up my cat's♥♥♥♥♥♥than playing this game. I would rather take a black♥♥♥♥♥♥up my♥♥♥♥♥than play this game. Even going to church is better than playing this garbage.Please, take my advice and don't buy this game. You're better off playing with yourself."
76561198086896850,Recommended,243470,10614940,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Dan,"+Interesting new hacking mechanic+Very fun multiplayer+Interesting side characters+100+ hours of gameplay (story & side missions + multiplayer)+Great storyline, very cliché, but it’s still great-Semi-boring main character-Driving is not great (but not unbearable)-Story felt cut short-Minor performance & graphical issuesThis is a very good game, I would only recommend this to people who love the open world genre. Watch_Dogs features very fun mechanics that other games don’t have. Whether you are being stealthy or going loud, the gunplay is a very fun aspect of the game.8/10."
,Not Recommended,243470,13290335,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,✠WINTER✠,μPlay
,Not Recommended,243470,10889691,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,YouTube.com/c/klowdie,"pre-ordered it on steam, good game, if you can get past the stuttering, i have the same amount of stutter whether i'm on full ultra (including texture res, no mhao, no AA + no motion blur) or whether im on the lowest settings i can possibly get, this game stutters like ♥♥♥♥, isn't optimised for AMD at all, as Ubisoft decided to♥♥♥♥♥♥lick Nvidia and worked WITH them, leaving AMD in the darkit's a decent story, if you can run it perfectly, great game, but the stuttering really puts me off personallymy specs;CPU; AMD FX6300 Six-Core 3.5GHzGPU; AMD Radeon HD 6870Ram; 6GB 1600MHz"
,Recommended,243470,10385416,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Dodger,>Try to stop crime>Criminal runs away and shoots at me>Run after him with my trusty collapsable baton>Bystander calls police>Police shoot me to death10/10 realism
,Recommended,243470,12892068,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Para_Docs,Ran over some guy who needed money for a car payment. - 10/10
76561198077374551,Recommended,243470,19144028,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,An immortal jerk.,9/10 tfw you 'bout to start a mission but sum mug starts fixering and hacking u ;_;
76561198167011975,Recommended,243470,30121162,Posted: 23 February,all,ScottDbanger,"Really fun game but it has massive frame rate drop issues, it could be my processor which is a quadcore fx 4300@3.80ghz and a gtx1060 6gb and 16gb ram bc i played this on a fx 8350@4.0ghz with a r9 290 4gb 16gb ram and it handled better, but keep that in mind that the reccomended specs are whats to go by and you'll be good."
,Not Recommended,243470,13674162,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,TheHamburglar72,"The game is terribly optimized and will not run at even 20 FPS if you are lucky on ultra settings (I have an overclocked 4670k with 2 GTX770s in SLI and 16gb of RAM running off of an SSD so there should be little to no bottlenecks). The game has a terrible VRAM usage problem. The game itself is OK. It has it's moments, but was overhyped beyond expectations. this game could have been a perfect 10 and it still would have been disappointing. Not worth $60 but if it goes on sale for a good price and you have an absolute BEAST of a pc, get it."
,Not Recommended,243470,10301046,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,right proper lad,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing raw. IT'S RAW.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tv3VCNubKPE
,Recommended,243470,10265495,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,TechieJunk,"I haven't seen a single dog yet, how do I watch them?9/10"
,Recommended,243470,17292371,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Vaulcul,"Watch Dogs can be a fun game, as far as games go.  It's similar to a mix of the Assassins Creed and Grand Theft Auto franchises... Overall, there's a variety of things to do, and they'll keep you busy.  You'll not run out of stuff to do for quite some time, giving hours of side quests and challenges to work through and complete.The issue that I have with this game is the story.  Don't get me wrong, the story is well written, the voice acting is well done as well... But, it is overwhelmingly dark.  If you play games primarily for the story like I do, you can be horribly weighed down... as the story only gets darker as you progress.  So much so, that it's almost unbearable.  There aren’t very many if any light hearted portions of the story.Any inkling of light hearted content is found in the mini games.  I know that Ubisoft was going for deep, dark, and realistic…  But, there also should be a reprieve from the weight of the story, during the story.  I really think that the writers could have taken a page from the Final Fantasy franchise, where the stories can often be dark, but will sprinkle a bit of hope or humor at intervals.  Keeping the overall dark tone, while not destroying the players soul."
76561197998850221,Not Recommended,243470,11708211,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Homer,"Game play was very simplistic and rather repetitive while the game ran, however after investing 10 hours into watch dogs I ran into the same crashes most PC users seem to have. Now I cannot even load up the intro cut-scene and both my save files (local and cloud) have been automatically overwritted. Over-hyped, under delivered and out right broken on PC. DO NOT BUY!"
,Not Recommended,243470,10259310,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Stiletto,"Welp, this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥console port wouldn't even get past the loading screen until I disabled one of my two Crossfire'd video cards. Once they fixed that and I could use both cards, the performance started plummeting. I turned down textures to minimum and put medium and high settings on everything, with no AA. This was on an Alienware M18x with dual 6990m video cards and an i7-2960XM with 16gb of ram.15 frames per second. Jumped to 20 when I looked at the wall.No ♥♥♥♥ing way. Don't waste your money."
,Not Recommended,243470,10385307,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,kingdoj0,♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME I CANT EVEN PLAY
76561198091599512,Not Recommended,243470,10266747,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Vyyrakk,THIS IS A PEICE OF OVERHYPED♥♥♥♥♥♥DO NOT BUY!
,Recommended,243470,10268297,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Traductus,"I haven't played Watch_Dogs very much (a couple of hours) but my first impression is really good.After the first mandatory Mission you're free to roam around the city and discover lots of neat distractions like, ""Crime Interventions"", ""AR-Games"" ""Cyber Trips"" (Check out the game ""Alone""! I really enjoy the dark setting in this ""trip"" and it's heavy emphasis on Stealth).BTW, the dev's did a good job on the Stealth-Mechanics, while not forcing you to stealth (for the gamers who like a nice old fashioned Shoot-out).Well, the Hacking feature is nice to toy around with it, especially if you want to listen to private phonecalls (Spunk in the drainage-System, sexual preferences, etc.) I find it quite entertaining to acquire information about the dirty little secrets of the people :DHacking is also helpful if you're trying to escape from the Police, if you can manage to activate street blockers or cause accidents after messing around with the traffic light. But to be honest, it can be quite tricky to make use of the Hacks while trying to keep the car on the street (BUT you do have a focus-feature, which allows you to slow down the time, if you wish to use that). Well, at my first few attempts to escape from the police, I had some trouble, because they're quite agressive.To escape you first have to break the line of sight and hope that they'll enter the search phase. While they're searching for you, you have to hide (preferably in a back alley and using the ""hide in car""-feature) or you have to leave the searching-zone without being detected.A word of advise: If you want to play the game fluidly, you should make sure, that you have a good rig.I play this game fine on 1920x1080 with ""High""-Settings (a few ultra-settings, chosen by the game) with:-4x 3.5Ghz (i2700k)-16GB RAM (1333Mhz) (8 should suffice, though)-Geforce GTX 780Ti  (3GB VRAM, if you plan to play on ULTRA you should have 4GB or more).[Geforce Driver: 337.88]One last thing:You'll need a ""Uplay""-Account to play this game (as well to use the online-modes)"
,Recommended,243470,10299824,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,ReaLteC,I love it and i waited a long time for it but still worth it :D
76561198022108676,Not Recommended,243470,10698507,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,rjm80,"So many glitches, crashes & frezzes, I'm getting sick of this game already"
,Recommended,243470,23515114,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Nickey P. Wilde,(This is a crypted review) >decrypting......Complete< Ahh I love the feeling of money in my bank account. The one I don't have.
,Recommended,243470,30960220,Posted: 5 April,all,s7ahL-VM,Anarchy in Chicago.Vive la Anarchy!10/10
,Not Recommended,243470,10261206,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Invaderzim58,"Absolutely appauled. Not only is the driving disgusting, and delayed but the fact that I was half way through the game and also had collected alot of the game's collectibles and done alot of the side quests and then had all this go to♥♥♥♥♥♥because of the game deciding to blue screen my entire computer and then corrupt my save file. If this wasn't bad enough, Ubisoft's pointless bloatware of a launcher which claims to 'synchronize my saves and achievements with the cloud' couldn't locate my save file.The rumors were also true, this game is optimised for Nvidia cards. I've got an AMD R9 270 which can play the game on ultra, although the FPS lag was horrible. I'd be shooting, driving, or even just strolling, and the game would just lock up my entire computer for about 2-5 seconds.You'd think that with an extra year to focus on this game they'd have looked at these bloody things.According to forums and Steam's own user-reviews, other's are also having both of these problems.On a lighter note, the game's actual core, stealth, and hacking mechanics are pretty nice. But Ubisoft really needs to get their♥♥♥♥♥♥together."
,Not Recommended,243470,10258818,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Reflect,"I do not recommend this game the only good thing about it is it has amazing visual effect probably the best looking game ever. Besides that dont waste your money or your time. The driving is terrible mario cart had better driving, the side missions are repeditive, you cant punch, you cant stop a person from fleeing in a car unless you hack everything in the map or ram their car 100 times. Please do not buy this game, just borrow it from someone they will probably just give it to you, trust me its terrible ubisoft dropped the ball. I know i will be uninstalling it, it's just a waste of hard drive space."
,Not Recommended,243470,10253957,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Dangerous_Altoid,"Hey guys, lets release a game and then be completely unable to log into uplay to actually save your games. In fact, we'll just require uplay to play this. Uplay = achilles heel.Game seems like a mix between GTA and assassins creed. Definitely has some bugs to work out though as it crashes my computer hard. New Alienware btw. The unable to login to uplay which forces me to play offline is the nail in the coffin. You would think they would be smart enough to compensate for a large crowd of people playing.My vote is no on this game until they fix these big issues. This game needed another month or two before they released it."
76561197972351370,Not Recommended,243470,10256478,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,todders,"Pretty Disappointing, Graphics, gameplay are ok. it's just get repetitive after a while."
,Not Recommended,243470,10261539,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Magic Brian,♥♥♥♥♥GAME DONT BOTHER....
,Recommended,243470,13031512,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,AirSKiller,"Tricky one... The game itself is pretty good, I really enjoyed even just wondering around town and learning interesting things about the NPC's, the campaign is pretty gliché but it still has some good missions and secondary missions are certainly not lacking.However, there was a lot of controversy surrounding the game and Ubisoft is really digging it's own grave here, the game looks nowhere near like it was presented to us in E3 even after some heavy modding, false advertising is a big no no in my book...Finishing it all up I think the game itself still deserves to be played, but think wisely, because Ubisoft sure doesn't deserve your money.7/10"
,Not Recommended,243470,10254507,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,GoneMad,"As expected, the game turned to be a complete waste of money and nerves. It's not optimized, somehow it manages to lag on low setting on High-end PC. The story is boring, seldomly interrupted by awfully made cutscenes. Also the russian voice-over is as usually awfull."
,Not Recommended,243470,10278572,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,TheIronSheikh,"The only thing you will be Watching is:1. UPlay (the piece of crap Ubisoft require us to use) not connecting to the server - therefore online play is not possible at all2. Massive stuttering, popping, overalll horrendous performance even on a high end pc (I have a gtx680 and struggle to get over 60 fps at best), MASSIVE fps drops (from 60 to 10, to 20, then 40, to 5, etc) in the space of 20 seconds.3.Vehicles are nigh on impossible to drive without hitting something while turning at slow speed4. Mouse acceleration in the menu5. Massive input lag (be ready for your character to respond 1 second later than when you want him to)6. If you want your game running semi-decent, be prepared to turn your settings to low (it looks AWFUL) and even then your fps is barely over 60This game is a very poor console port - very poor - and the only redeeming feature it is supposed to have (online play mixed in with single player campaign) does not work as the Ubisoft servers are constantly down. Without online, this game is dull, boring, expressionless, just another run of the mill, lower than average game.For all perspective buyers - wait for a month or so if you are desperate to buy this. In my opinion, the game is not very good. Ubisoft has conned me out of £39.99."
,Not Recommended,243470,10273276,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Depression,"So much hype, not much on delivered . Shame on you Ubisoft"
,Not Recommended,243470,10276242,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,ghostmech007,I only got Watch Dogs because I got a second GTX760 with a key attached to it... and I have to say Metro 2033 has never looked so good.
76561198053374568,Not Recommended,243470,10273546,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,[B0nG] Bastard,"They showed us the promised land, and gave us the ghetto.This game is pure garbage.Just yet another crappy sandbox open world game with little innovation and alot of broken promises. It's like if the Obama administration made a game.Do not support Ubisoft Montreal.I just wish I could get my money back."
,Not Recommended,243470,10284650,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,c1p0,"This Aiden guy is a complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Most campaign missions feel the same. Hacking feels completly random. A brainless monkey could just keep pressing ""E"" and complete the mission without any skill whatsoever.At this point I'm just pressing forward the campaign missions just to get my money's worth, but I doubt that would happen.Also, game looses frames when driving. WTF Ubisoft?"
76561197977646936,Not Recommended,243470,10292780,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,IGA,"GAME REVIEWThis game's hype was so incredibly high that it was practically doomed to disappoint from the beginning. Ubisoft's fault of course. They basically sold us on the idea that this game was going to be a revolutionary experience when in fact it struggles in just about every area it tries to excel in. The hacking is more of an after-thought, which was supposed to be the MAIN thing that set it apart from other similar games in the genre.During chase scenes, you're limited to 'hacking' traffic lights, blockades, bridges and they don't work how you want them to as often as you'd like them to.During shoot-outs, rarely does hacking really even necessary or even advantageous. It's not an open sandbox hacking game with shooting mechanics....rather it's a open sandbox shooter with hacking sprinkled in.The game tries to be many things at once but doesn't exceed in any of them. All aspects of the game are mediocre or good at best, but not excelent. And that's the main problem. Melee is hardly there, the driving mechanics and physics are quite atrocious, no ability to jump, shooting is good, cover system is good, hacking leaves much to be desired, AI isn't as lively or realistic as Ubisoft made it out to be, side-missions are boring after the first few, story is quite boring and cookie-cutter, and graphics are pretty good....however, not as good as shown at E3. So, disappointments around just about every corner :\But worst of all....the parts that are done O.K. soon become repetitive and boring quite early in the game.PROBLEMS WITH PC VERSION- Major frame-rate issues on systems that should NOT be having them.What I'm running:i7 3930k processor32 GIGS QUAD-Channel 2,400 MHz memoryTWO GeForce GTX 780 Ti's running in SLI/\-- THAT setup right there is having framerate issues.....yeah....ridiculous. And I'm not just talking about dips here and there, I mean it's absolutely aggravating.- The game's UI was designed for console.- Graphics options are really basic.- Wide-screen (3+ monitor) options are available, but are highly bugged when used - image is extremely zoomed in.For those of us that run nVidia Surround (not sure if the same issues will arise with Eyefinity or not), the HUD is bugged even when game resolution is set to 1920x1080. For example: the bottom-right map on the HUD is squished horizontally and stretched vertically (rendering it useless), and all game notifications pop-up dead-center of the screen (as opposed to the bottom center) which is a real problem because notifications pop-up ALL the time blocking your view. In order to resolve the issue, nVidia Surround must be disabled completely before playing the game.Overall, the game isn't TERRIBLE, but quite mediocre and a disappointment. Some may be able to over-look its short-comings and have some fun, but nothing here is memorable and may provide some mindless fun for some. Buy with caution. I would suggest waiting for a price drop."
,Not Recommended,243470,10308404,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Tracy,"Like 90% of the game's plot is just a diversion from what you originally set out to do, not to mention this game's terribad AI. Wait for Steam Super Sale if you really gotta buy Chicago ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Simulator."
,Not Recommended,243470,10261633,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,DeusENomine,Okay game. Bad coding.
,Not Recommended,243470,10256489,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Uboa,"UPLAY is a goddam mess, still can't play this game."
,Not Recommended,243470,10256197,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,r3fleCt.de ツ,"good game!bad console port!!!!uPlay NEEDED!!!!NO Steam achievements!!!!NO Steam Support [uplay only]!!!!Update-Support uPlay ONLY!!!!NO Steam Time for me [only seconds]Bought the game for 49,99 and  i cant play about the servers are too crappy, so i bought a new car, which cant driver about there is no battery inside, good job.the game has potential but i will give 4/10.without uplay 9/10"
76561198127350998,Not Recommended,243470,10256981,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,tonio171992,Honestly so dissapointed  for the past day ive been tryn to figure out why my game keep crashing  when i know y computer can play this... hell it can play league titanfall and skype while watching a movie   so i kno wit can handle this game    yet notihng but crashes when i press new game..   I want my money back and i wont accept anything less
76561198018287928,Recommended,243470,10433602,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,xDosia,"It's very pretty cool game! It's NOT GTA please...Ubisoft nice work guys,we are waiting new part!So haters eat your♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,243470,29742393,Posted: 6 February,all,adriaN$t3@m,Oh I like the game. It has it's issues but I can get by.
,Not Recommended,243470,10734168,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Synchronex,"PC release nowhere near as good as E3 presentation and is WAY too intense in terms of hardware usage for what you get. Best explained in the following sentence: Ultra textures alone will smash a whopping 3GB of GPU Memory and they don't even look that great...and that is even before you start mucking around with other settings. As for the story.....I haven't finished it yet, whatchugonnado? 6/10 (Special note: Game reviewed at ""PC V1"" stage and may change)."
,Recommended,243470,10261825,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Hamad,مجنووووووووونه  very nice اطلق لعبه في العاااااااااااااااالم
,Recommended,243470,16558860,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Ba[R]aD`,Basically Its a fun game with a very bad PC port
,Not Recommended,243470,10895692,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,alantang888,Totally can't play
,Recommended,243470,10273859,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Blade,Am I the only one that kinda likes it?Story ten outa tenCharacters eight outa eightCombat seven outa ten ~ 2esy4meDriving a car that acts and feels like a speeding tank not good. five outa ten
,Recommended,243470,10268847,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,RAMY,"CHICAGO LOVIN', HAD ME A BLAST; CHICAGO LOVIN', D*CK IN MY A**"
76561198085155509,Recommended,243470,10279563,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Castiel,"This game may have its flaws ,but once I started playing I was able to ignore them, as the story and game play in my opinion really make up for them.The open world is great and being able to hack makes this game diffrent from others and the story is compelling as well as emersive.in my opinion this game is one of the best I have played in a long time."
,Recommended,243470,10273012,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Tatsumaru Senpai (°ヮ°),AWESOME GAME MUST GET THIS!!!!!! I GIVE 9/10 RATE :D
76561197974413044,Not Recommended,243470,10258808,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,xertion,Game unplayable even with the latest beta drives from AMD. Crashes over and over. If you have AMD don't buy this game. Hopefully this can get fixed soon or I've wasted $70.00
,Not Recommended,243470,10454046,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Sorrien,Great idea with poor execution and tons and tons and tons of bugs.
,Not Recommended,243470,19083922,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,AbsoluteMSTR,"Game is poorly optimized for the PC. I gave up on trying to beat due to gameplaying being buggy, else I would have probably enjoyed this game."
76561198053687667,Not Recommended,243470,19431710,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Donald Blythe,"Controls and graphics are a mess. Story is not poignant although it tries very hard. The ""karma"" system is really not viable; there is no way to have fun playing an evil guy because you get spotted by everyone and cannot hide."
,Not Recommended,243470,10351842,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,King Arkus,Aweful game Wish I could get my $70.00 back... I would say this is the worst piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥this developer has come out with but I would be lying because pretty much everything they create is pure♥♥♥♥♥♥.
,Not Recommended,243470,11546784,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Gryffyd,"The truth is, this game is disappointing on so many levels. It has amazing graphics and features but the actual gameplay and controls can be very offputing. I agree that it can make one feel awesome, but at the moment I find the story very boring and not very gripping for such a dark backround. I can begin to respect some of the ingame characters but they feel kind of Lifeless and dull. I really enjoy some areas of this game, but other parts just don't encourage me to continue. Im honestly finding it hard to try and finish it."
76561198089224762,Not Recommended,243470,10924411,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,X-tr3m3,"Pre-purchased this game and was told to wait until the 26th for the launch. Waited till 28th before I start playing it and I DIDN'T EVEN manage to get into the game. Launch from Steam, was told CD Key invalid. Launch from UPlay re-directed to Steam. A Review? Unfortunately, no."
,Recommended,243470,13650166,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,William Shakesman,"A solid game with a far better story than GTA5 so far. Nothing is bad. The driving is alright, the shooting and stealth are good. The hacking is a gimmick and not as good as other gimmicks like JC2's grappling or the destruction in RFG but it's still a solid open world game with a story actually worth playing, unlike JC2 and RFG. I do not at all understand the hate.The multiplayer is a tense hide and seek that is quite fun.EDIT: Had a couple of glitches, slowdown here and there and some bizarre ultrahack on my game that turned EVERY stoplight into a 20 car pileup. To be honest, that latter one is the sort of glitch I would rather leave in the game.EDIT 2: The story is such wonderful pulp fun. Aiden is hacker Batman who does his best to make using an Iphone look cool."
76561198038183141,Not Recommended,243470,24002653,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Paul_the_Hutt,"Great gameplay and a lot of fun but a bit too empty and not what was promised when it was shown off and that's only when it worked. Many technical problems plague this game and I can't recommend it until they fix it, which with the second one coming out I doubt will happen. If you have a very powerful rig to throw at it, which even then may not be enough from what I've heard you may be able to run it smoothly. Such potential wasted on poor optimization. I did have fun with it though, but could only get it to work some of the time, almost as if it was just moody. It's a unique game and what I played I really liked it just didn't run well enough to recommend fully. I would have forgiven all the gameplay and story shortcomings if it had just ran properly."
,Recommended,243470,23593315,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Scout,"Figured this would be fitting considering the announcement of Watch_Dogs 2Watch underscore Dogs is an open world game made by Ubisoft Montreal. The game follows Aiden Pearce, an ace hacker who's out to find the person that got his niece killed in a car accident years prior. Meanwhile the city of Chicago Illinois, is being used as a testing ground for a new type of technology implimented into the city called ctOS, which is a state-of-the-art piece of hardware that's able to perform many functions (but mostly invading privacy of others), making the entire city almost like a police state where everything is surveilanced. Not only that, but ctOS also controls many functions of the city like lights, computers, and so on. Aiden is able to hack into ctOS and use the city to his advantage. This results in him being able to control the city at his will.The story... Yeah I'm not gonna pretend like it's great. It's got some cool side characters here and there, but Aiden himself just isn't that interesting of a character. I believe the story had huge potentional to be good because I'm very interested in the environment and the setting the game has. There's even a hacker group, Dedsec, which is messing with Aiden at the same time trying to use ctOS to accomplish their own goals. So, the setting does make it quite interesting sometimes, but unfortunately the characters themselves don't pull their own weight. Don't expect amazing writing. Perhaps the few side characters will interest you, at least. The story is simply okay.Now the gameplay is where the interesting part comes in. With having the ability to hack a lot of things in Chicago, you can perform lots of actions. To name a few, you can control the city's cameras, hack traffic lights, sabatoge various pieces of equipment on enemies and the environment, listen in on people's phone calls and text messages, and steal money from people's bank accounts through an ATM. This makes the game rather unique compared to all the other open world games out there, where it feels like you have control; even if it's indirect. During stealth sections, you're able to sabatoge enemy devices which you be a distraction, or lethal if they're carrying some kind of explosive. Some guards might be able to call in reinforcements, but you can simply break their device so none can be called in. You use the hacking to your advantage. In firefights, not so much. You'll mostly be relying on your guns and various little gadgets you carry around (Nothing terribly original mind you; sticky bombs, grenades, the usual.) Even when roaming the city, you can hack into people's bank accounts and see their phone calls as stated before. Not only that, it also shows the names, occupation, and interests of each individual; really making the world feel alive.There is also a reputation system in the game. If you perform good acts and you know, do good things, you'll be seen as a vigilante; a protector of the city and vice versa if you go on a murder spree. If you're good, people on the street with recongize who you are and praise you for doing work. Random TV broadcasts will even talk about Aiden from time to time realizing his good deeds. However, if you are a meanace to society, people will run away from you and TV broadcasts will warn people of who you are and you won't be able to do some of the activities in the city during that duration. I really like that. Again, makes the world feel alive and gives you a purpose for doing little side activities. Minor detail, but I love that kinda thing.As for activites, well, there's lots to do. You got your basic story missions, various side missions, and a plentiful number of activities to do around Chicago. Some are hacking games, some are getting rid of convoys, and others are invading personal space. It's nothing too exciting, but hey, it's more stuff to do in the game; how fun it is will be up to you. For me, personally, I clocked in about 35 hours before getting done with almost everything. The game even has a multiplayer function which incorporates PvP. You're able to hack into other player's sessions and try to harvest their data. This is done in one of two game modes: ""Tailing"" or ""Invasion"". Invasion has a player enter your session, and he's trying to hack your data. To do that, he has to be within a certain radius around you, and fill his bar up to 100%. As the bar gets higher, the radius of the hack gets smaller, so you have a higher chance of catching him. Your goal is to kill your pursuer before he fully hacks you. Tailing is the exact opposite. You do the hacking, and he tries to find you. Both of them are incredibly fun and intense.So all in all, I think Watch_Dogs is a worthwhile purchase, even at it's $30 price tag. It's a fun open world game with a very interesting and fun mechanic, and it's something you should try. I have faith Watch Dogs 2 will be even better.7/10"
76561198121690688,Recommended,243470,13874725,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Legend_Of_Kittens,"First off I would like to say that Watch Dog's is a pretty good game, the open world is just amazing, the graphics, the design , colour scheem was just awesome. It's pretty fun to exsplore the open world but what really upsets me is that even though it's a great open world the missions are noramly in boring places that are not that interesting.The missions altohugh fun at times, repeat A LOT, pretty much every mission is, go there, kill them, hack, get out of there, kill bad guys or run. This is just a really boring way to present missions and some mission seems to be thrown in just to make the game longer. It seems like all these missions were created in a day because they all seem to follow the same pattern and don't show any signs of creativity (Apart from the hacking ofcourse)As I said about mission just being thrown in there for the hell of it. Somehow the young boy managed to past a bunch of guys with guns and lock himsel in a room undetected. This was never mentioned how he did it, or why (And no, ""I was trying to save my mum) is not a vaild reason for why this mission was put into the game. It just makes me feel like the company had no ideas what so ever so they repeated every mission and threw random ones in.The storyline itsself is just plain boring, this story has been told hundreds of times in games and movies, I really wish the storyline would've atleat let us connect with the characters at first insted of just giving us one segment that features them. I don't know anything about the company who made this game, but I am pretty sure they know you can't connect with a character  after a few minutes of seeing them. If you were atleat going to pull this storyline off I would've like'd to get to know the family more and one thing about the story that is really crazy and weird, how is it ok for him to kill like 1,000 people to save 1 person, I really don't like the morals in the story and I wish another storyline would've been chosen insted .The fact that I can't jump or punch people is really annoying because there was no reason for it not to be in the game other than they are trying to standout so much that they are willing to get rid of populer features in open world to try and be diffrent.Now working the game it'sself, ducking for cover is a constant nightmare and always ends up in me dying, evne when im trying to get into a car, climb a ladder, change cover. There is always some fatal flaw that happens which results in me dying.Again about the mission, the big mission such as the prison or Iraq's hideout, which looked so big and would surly take a long time to complete, but no, they were comeplted so fast that just makes me feel like I have been lied to about this whole game.Now you are maybe wondering why I am being so negitive and giving this game a thumbs up. Well apart from it's many flaws it shows great promise, the open world is fun to exsplore and the online is really fun. I liked this game so please don't get the wrong idea.A thing to work on in the future is character development, what's the point in killing a character that I wasn't able to connect with, and why is the asian character (I forgot his name sorry) not partnering perice?, this may have saved the game.Sorry this review is all over the place and stuff, but I've spent a lot of years studying games and their development  at college and I can see were the rooms for improvments are.One final thing top♥♥♥♥♥ there is no custominastion (Sorry for spellign that wrong) It'd be nice to buy some cools shirts, jeans and not just coats, also a garage for cars and maybe being able to buy a house. I'm not sure but I hope there is a sequal to this game."
,Not Recommended,243470,13998800,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,SPAMTH3HAM,Game doesn't even have many dogs. :(
,Not Recommended,243470,10255489,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Roberto,"Typical of ubisoft to force the use of they're ♥♥♥♥♥♥ version of origins steaming pile. if you buy this game be prepared to not be able to play it as it requires you to use uplay to log in. FYI uplay is garbage. My advice, dont buy this game or anyother ubisoft title that forces uplay on you.So i finally get the game working after nothing but issues with Uplay. Turns out the game is actually complete trash. The audio isnt synced with the video and the controls are some of the worst i have ever seen. The game is so unresponsive its not even funny. Don't buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥ If you already have, i suggest you go to the ubisoft forums and complain untill you get a full refund.The framerate suffers frequent drops as well"
,Not Recommended,243470,10258319,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Moxd,"Disappointing. As others had said, the hype this one had was HUGE and it doesn't even come close.Awful AI, terrible lighting effects, boring hacking, pointless moral system and some of the worst driving mechanics in YEARS. I'm not even kidding when I say Driver from the PS1 days had better mechanics. I can't stress enough how frustrating and unplayable the chase segments are.For extra sadness, go check out the E3 2012 demo. I'm aware that an E3 demo is an E3 demo, but holy♥♥♥♥♥♥why can't we play THAT game? That game was what bought my ticket aboard the hype train. Too bad the train ran straight into an ocean of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.Wasted potential/10"
,Not Recommended,243470,10256885,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Big Buttery Potato,"Ubisoft requires Uplay, an awful 'service' which as of writing is down due to system stress. I cannot even create a Uplay account to play my game. If I would have known about the Uplay being on the PC versions of Ubisoft games ( I assumed Steam copies would never nead Uplay) I would not have bought this game. 0 /10"
,Recommended,243470,11134187,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,THE_KiRRAx [Fail Gaming],"STORYLINE:I enjoyed the storyline to this game very much. It was a bit confusing at first trying to keep up with all the characters involved since there were so many involved. Many folks suggest the storyline is cliché and over used but I found it to be quite immersive and at times, very emotional. I will admit the story seems to be a tad bit short for my taste as completing the game seemed to happen a bit too quickly…and I’m usualy bad about dragging a games story out for a long time before losing interest and never finishing.GAMEPLAY:Gameplay was spot on although I do wish more of the environment was able to be interacted with. The promise of dynamic movement by “jumping over fences or running through buildings” was cut short by limiting the areas in which these actions could be performed. The options that were given to the player were by all means fun and definitely provided many hours of wreaking havoc but just felt like I was being limited. Once the campaign is completed there seems to be a major lack of replay value as the only choices given to players is to either play solely online contracts or to delete their game and start a new one.MULTIPLAYER:The transition between offline and online gameplay is near seamless which amazes me to this day. The ability to have another player join your game with NEARLY no warnings is something I’ve personally never experienced in any games I’ve ever played. I know I’m biased due to my lack of variety of games I’ve played, so take that opinion with a grain of salt. Unfortunately there are a few tell tale signs of a player entering your game and once you (or the other player if you’re joining their game) know those signs, it tends to ruin the stealth style of gameplay that was trying to be achieved. The multitude of online game modes is enjoyable but can get old rather quickly. Free Roam seems to be a clusterf*ck of killing only, with no real point other than to just kill other players with no rewards or penalties. Online Tailing, Online Hacking, and Online Decryption seem to be the most enjoyable modes but deal their own faults. The inability to hack/tail your friends in particular (even if no rewards were given due to possible exploiting) is a major disappointment. Online Racing is rather fun most of the time although laggy players will always be the bane of the game as you feel you’ve stepped into a scene from the movie, “Jumper”, watching a rivals car jump around the street and through obstacles.GRAPHICS:I personally felt most of the games graphics were spot on with very few instances to complain about. I do encounter slight choppy framerates when in high speed escapes/chases and have crashed every so often during such situations so optimization might still be a bit of an issue. The game runs rather nicely on a mid-range PC with graphics settings near maxed out (high on most settings) excluding the common stuttering problem stated above. I cannot chock the crashing to graphics so I don’t count that against it. The game has wonderful graphics and is definitely outputting some eye candy in my opinion but there is a large following of players that are HIGHLY disappointed that the graphics do not match the quality that was shown to them in the pre-release E3 trailers.FINAL NOTES:I loved Watch_Dogs and recommend it to friends daily for the fun gameplay and immersive storyline. If you can deal with a game that still has a few bugs to work out, and is in need of some serious DLC or additional content….you might want to give this game a try. I’d give it 3.5 out of 5 stars but only due to lack of content and slight optimization problems. Hopefully Ubi will put out some more updates with additional content to help spice up the game in the near future…..especially since they offered a “season pass” for purchase."
76561198161558467,Recommended,243470,31741298,Posted: 14 May,all,The Jarhead,"""Grand Theft Auto"" style mission and story line meets ""Infamous"" reputation/action assessment and  open world map.Makes me feel like I could hack the Gibson."
,Recommended,243470,30754836,Posted: 26 March,all,A17_GaminG,"Got the game on sale for 8€, pretty neato to say the least. Spoiler alert!:It doesnt have dogsMay a lot of people disagree with me, but this game is goddamn good. It was worth my 8 euros.The story was a bit touching, although I found Aiden to be a bit of an egoist. The driving isn't that amusing. Dont treat the game like a racing game, but I got used to it. Graphicly, its ok. Although a bit monotone, but ok. Not the best optimized game, so dont expect it to run itself on a toaster.Will buy Watch Dogs 2/10TL;DR: I'm an idiot who like unappreciated games"
,Recommended,243470,10274288,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Kraze,Welcome To Sprokit's Rapid ReviewPROS :▲ Absolutely Amazing Graphics▲ Advanced AI System▲ Plenty of Enviroment To Hack▲ Really Well Made City of Chicago▲ Amazing Particle Effects▲ Superb Physics(Especially With NVidia Physics)▲ Brilliant Weather System▲ Digital Trips Are Really FUN▲ A Vast Selection of Vehicles(From Bikes To Fire Engines)CONS :■ Below Avarage Driving Mechanics■ Badly Designed Car Damage System■ Lack of Shadows From Vehicle Headlights■ No Road Names On World Map
,Recommended,243470,23477281,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Darkknight,"I honestly don't think the story is too bad but it is far from being great...on the other hand I think it is quite a fun game, I like to play the missions (well I don't care for the car parts) but I like fighting and I also enjoy messing around in the open world, I would say GTA 5 is the better game but saying I got this for $12 I would say that it'd more then worth the money because so far I have enjoyed playing the game a lot."
,Not Recommended,243470,10665142,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Rich Homie Vinyl Scratch,"Wasted 69.99 on a Directx 11 problem when I got a high end computer, Ubisoft needs to fix it or im charging them with theft"
,Recommended,243470,25388805,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,RetroVHS,"Awesome game! So glad I was finally able to play. Such an immersive world and so many side missions, you could play this game for years!"
,Not Recommended,243470,13098392,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,legume,"The most overhyped game I've seen in a long time.1. The ""hacking"" allows for mundane and predictable affects like changing stoplights and bringing up barriers. It gets old fast2. The guns feel like marshmallow shooters and give no feedback3. The driving is absolutely terrible (GTA IV was much better)4. The online play is unforgiving in a good way but gets on your nerves very quickly5. Boo Hoo story and terrible map design (think Far Cry 3 then take a steamy dump on it)"
,Recommended,243470,10276278,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,KHΛOSΗΛMMΞЯ,"It's a pretty good game, but I noticed one negative point. a BIG negative point : Uplay.So please Ubisoft and your bad platform. Go to hell or fix your servers, thanks."
76561198069378369,Not Recommended,243470,12835220,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,vanoss,uplay doesent f****** work!
,Recommended,243470,15705126,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,mctubbins (Tubbiest Player 2017),"After reinstalling, I found the fix to all my problems. I had the textures to high up for my computer, my bad entirely. I won't make a joke about this game, because it has enough gag reviews, however I would like to point out before I launch the full review, that you can drive around in a taco truck commiting crimes, I refer to it as the Taco Mobile. Pros and Cons at bottom.I'd like to start out by saying, this lived up to the hype for me. Everyone likes to whine and moan about ""Oh the graphics aren't as good as it was at E3"" ""Preformance this, preformance that!"" ""Uplay!"" I would like to clear all this up. The game isn't as good as it was at E3, and anyone who thought it was was kidding themselves. I don't feel like modding it to make it that good, the graphics are fine just the way it is.I did have slight preformance issues, but it was my own fault, and now that I fixed it, it runs just fine. In regaurds to Uplay, I think it's cute. It's genuinely cute that Ubisoft thinks they can match Steam with their own achievment system. It's cute, but annoying. Stop whining about it, they clearly won't stop, but uuuuhhhh Uplay? STOP. Geez I want freakin steam achievments not Uplay achievments. Gawd.I play this game with a controller, so my review won't include how the PC controls are. Get angry with me all you want, this is a console game, thus I play it like a console. I play the Assassins Creed serise this way, I play CoD this way, it's just more comfordable.  The controls work fine and I don't find them clunky, except pushing left stick to reload. That's it.Gameplay wise, this game is fantastic. I love it. You aren't as OP as an assassin, so most of the missions will have you relying on your phone. Guns blazing is discouraged, luring your enemies into explosions is encouraged. Speaking of enemies, the AI in this game is great. Enemies will shoot and move in on where they think you are rather than where you actually are, and generally behave like they have a half ounce of grey matter between their ears. If I'm hunting someone, they'll try to run. If I kill someone, they'll talk amongst themselves and fan out looking for me. If I detonate the explosives in someones pocket, they do their damndest to get it away from them.A major complaint I hear is that the world does not feel alive. Having actually visited Chicago once myself, let me tell you, the world feels only slightly less alive then the actual thing. If you run into someone, they'll cuss you out and send you on your way. People stop to listen to freestyle rappers, gitaur players, drummers, etc. But there are some minor things. For example, civillains only have a chance to call the cops if you steal their car. Seriously? I just ripped you from your car and you just couldn't care less huh? Also, I can run over as many people as I like, no one gives a crap. Whip out a gun in public? Cops are there almost the second you pulled out your gun.The main campaign is... Very underwhelming. I enjoyed the story personally. It's a nice little revenge plot, nothing really impressive. Aiden is one of my personal favorite characters, just because he's a pure and unfettered badass. The actual story gameplay though... It's just overglorified side quests. Speaking of side quests, this game offers few choices in that department. There's fixer contracts, aka races, there's crimes, which are way to easy, criminal convoys, fun and challenging, and then there's gang hideouts. Gang hideouts are fun, and they vary up about as much as the setting allows them to, I really can't complain about those.Lets talk online multiplayer. Many people thought that online mode was the games strong suit. I beg to differ. I turned it off because I found it frustrating to one second me on my merry little way to my mission, then BOOM! Hacker. I don't like the concept, or anything about it, but this is just my personal taste.In conclusion, Watch Dogs has it's flaws, but it's still a solid game in the end, and I'm happy with my purchase.PROS:-Fun gameplay-Buckets of Chaos-Cool story-Decent graphics-More challenging than Assassins CreedCONS:-Repetitive missions-Boring side characters-Side quests are both to easy and to hard-Multiplayer is intrusive unless turned offNOTES:-Wait til it goes on sale, 40$ isn't an acceptable asking price80/100 - Fun game, with room for improvement. I'm looking forward to Watch Dogs 2.Feel free to send me review copies if you like my ""serious"" reviews, and keep an eye out, I intend to open a propper steam curator group."
,Not Recommended,243470,10931047,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,LingyueS,THE KEY IS VIOD!DON'T BUY!
,Recommended,243470,10292989,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Papa Dragon,"I would recommend that you, in the future, play Watch Dogs. It isn't great, and certainly doesn't live up to the hype, but the elements that the developers have combined are really interesting and unique. The 'hackability' isn't overly in depth, and you end up mashing the 'Q' button to hack things, and the open world is rather lackluster and bland. Don't get me started on the driving, it is so arcady it isn't funny. Far worst than Driver San Fransisco and GTA 4 driving mechanics.HOWEVER, I think this game does have a lot of potential. While it is somewhat disappointing, I actually had quite a bit of fun. The story if fantastic, so far, and the city, and the AI, feels very human and realistic.I haven't experienced any performance issues, surprisingly, with a GTX 650ti, 16GB Ram and an i5 4670k. I'm sure Ubisoft is working on it, in an effort to improve relations with their PC audience.  Uplay is a pain, it's a rather annoying hoop to jump through when all you want to do is play the game.I don't think this game is worth $80AU. But it really is worth playing, and I'm confident it can only get better as Ubisoft addressed (hopefully) the issues that have been outlined by the players. So I reccommend holding off now, because you will be dissappointed, especially if you have an AMD card."
76561197994320365,Not Recommended,243470,15309546,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Oxfam,"!! THIS GAME WILL BLOW YOU AWAY !!in anger once you realise how bad of a port this is :(seriously just dont buy itpleaseits daylight robberyif you like to play at games at 60fps this is NOT a game for youits laggy, it stutters and looks like an xbox 360 game even on max settings.steer clear of this Ubishite failure"
,Not Recommended,243470,10276855,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Frosty,"The story is alright, gameplay is okay. Giving it a bad score due to deception and poor optimization of the game. What you saw in the E3 game preview shows you what lengths a company like Ubisoft will go in order to sell you a game. I probably would be less annoyed by this if the price tag wasn't $60. I could see this game being sold at around $40 for the effort they decided was acceptable. Right now not many people, my self included, with computers that meet the system requirements (and many who go beyond that) have plenty of technical problems, FPS drops, stuttering, even game freezing for something that looks slightly worse than GTAIV. I hoped that the saving factor for the game would be the online multiplayer portion of the game, but as we all know uplay can't cut it. A lack of push to talk leaves you hearing someone breathing into the mic. Constant disconnects from either unstable servers, or players able to exploit the system by disconnecting the internet just as you are about to win a game to keep their score up. I'll use this as a reminder when ubisoft releases future games, especially The Division, a game I was also excited about. If anything Watch Dogs should serve as example as to why gaming companies should be held accountable for deceptive advertising, and we all remember Duke Nukem Forever/Colonial Marines."
,Not Recommended,243470,12240347,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Hg Rising,"Watchdogs is a weird one. I have very mixed feelings on it, but overall I'm going to have to say my attitude toward the game is negative. I think if I had to choose one word to describe the Watchdogs experience, it would have to be ""Pop-ups"". Let me explain why.Starting from launch day, uPlay has given me issues (notably complaining that the game can't sync my game files. When I try again, it seems to have no issue syncing my game files. Every time). According to Ubisoft's tech support, I also cannot play this game with Crossfire enabled or else it crashes instantly. Funnily enough, every time it does crash, uPlay seems to rub it in my face by thanking me for playing Watchdogs. Thanks uPlay. At least Origin didn't thank me and then try to redirect me to EA's store every time Battlefield 4 crashed on me. The session review thing is completely unnecessary and I have no idea what Ubisoft thought to accomplish with it.The game is pretty poorly optimized. Even running it on my one 7970 on ultra, which should not be an issue as tech support told me repeatedly, I experience horrific framerate issues, particuarly when speeding around in cars that drift as if the roads were paved with ice and oil slicks instead of asphalt.Moving on to the actual game, the story is reasonably bland. I think maybe the high points come around the middle of the second (and by far the largest) act. After that, everything seems thrown together and proceeds at a pace that is far too quick to really be any enjoyable. A character you spend the first one or two thirds of the game relying heavily on winds up disappearing in the last quarter to wind up gunned down in about five seconds of animation.In regards to multiplayer, it goes as such: after the first few story missions, you're suddenly thrown into Darksouls Hacking Simulator 101 and told to chase down some poor jerk who is invading your game and gun him down like the dog he is. After getting your first invasion taken care of, you are then forced to invade someone else's game. At least mine became hilariously amusing as the person I invaded quickly panicked and gunned down every civilian on the block before several horribly synced police cars began flying around wildly as they led him on a police chase. They chased him across town and I sat in a parked car for all of five minutes before winning the invasion.After that initial introduction, the game treats ctOS mobile game challenges and online game opportunities much akin to popups. Occasionally, through random chance, an in-game notification will pop up on the side of the screen, asking you if you'd like to invade someone else's game, completely ignoring the entire fact that there is an in-game menu dedicated to locating and joining the same queue to invade a game. Being invaded, on the other hand, can be somewhat easy to detect. The only cars on the road who drive as recklessly as you do? Probably another player. The game doesn't even notify you most of the time if you're being sneakily tailed, and it's only been through several sheer-luck chance 5-car pile ups that I can determine that I am actually being followed. It usually ends badly and with a car riddled with bullets. Still, I can't help but think there was a more interactive and immersive way to implement in-game hacking (oh wait, they do that, too. At certain points you will hack civilians, which will then prompt the notification, which will then take you to the queue).Overall, the online stuff isn't that fun. By comparing it earlier to Darksouls, I was maybe giving it too much credit. It shares a similar idea that you can ""invade"" someone else's game, but the similarities stop there. This isn't a game where you can make life hard for a worthy advesary. Watchdogs instead tells you to not attack the other player and instead play hide-and-go-seek with them where they are given any and all weapons in their arsenal to hunt you down and kill you. To say it's likely an over-hyped mechanic wouldn't be a longshot by far. As far as I can tell it's also probably under-utilized, and likely due to the fact that it probably isn't much fun. Why stumble into someone else's game to be shot at? What's the point of that?The endgame is pretty dull, too. With no story, about the only thing you have left to do is replay the 40 some-odd single player car delivery minigames for a chance at the high-score table, attack other players, and start shootouts with the cops. Right now, I'm just mopping up the last of the mini-missions and griding for the achievements just so I can claim I hit 100% completion on this letdown of a game and never have to touch it again."
76561198048957806,Not Recommended,243470,12760734,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Bloody Bobson,"Cant even launch it, thanks to Uplay client"
,Recommended,243470,11572058,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,☭ Neon ☭,"Best open world game i have played since Saints Row The Third.The graphics are good and the game runs smoothly although i don't have the best graphics card.My favorite thing in the game is to go around the streets and search for bank accounts to hack.I would give the game 9/10 points, although I haven't played the game for so long.UPDATE! 21.12 2014I have bought a new computer and tested the game on it. I cant see any changes in the graphics, even though I now play on max graphics and earlier played on medium / low settings, the only thing im that is diffrent is that i got a lot of more fps now."
,Recommended,243470,10256857,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Keweiler,"Great Game!I do not understand why people complain about the game, It always expects more of a game!If you Like Open World and just run and kill people it's your game!And the story is good too!"
76561197964866568,Recommended,243470,10256207,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Crusader_bin,"So overhyped... No wonder I am a bit dissapointed.Driving mechanics are very important in the game, but are botched hard. Cars behave very unrealistic, kinda like tanks (though at hacked intersections they blow up instantly for some reason),Game has the worst optimization I have ever seen, with not special graphics or huge world, but stuttering strangely (and almsot the same on low as on ultra, which is strange).Stuff to do is time consuming, but not very exciting, almost boring. And this is just my first impression after few hours played.Multiplayer doesn't work too much yet, possibly because uplay is overloaded and misbehaves.We need patches and drivers. As of now the game is rather... Well, not much. 7/10 would be my score.Possibly higher, if they fix the multiplayer matchmaking (or just get the servers stable) and fix the issues the game has with optimization.It says 6 gb ram minimum, 8 recommended? It is a scam, game never used over 2.2 gigs for me. Total load of mine is 4.2/8 gb.City does seem to be detailed, there are few interresting things to do, the story is craftedy nicely... Good work, but not a breakthrough, just a proper craftmanship.For some reason, it kinda reminds me more of prototype than gta game. I can not get the same level of immersion from it for some reason.In short:Good game?Yes.Dissapointed?Yes :(Graphics?Not spectacular (below GTA V imo)Optimization?TragicMusic/SoundAverage at bestInterface?Very bad for PC (un-intuitive, surely made with consoles in mind)Driving?Tragic car physics, tragic handling and... yeah. Bad. On par maybe with Saints Row 2 or worse? Everything new has better system.Overall I would still recommend trying this game. But don't get your expectations too high. Like I said, 7+/10 is tops in my opinion."
,Not Recommended,243470,32954544,Posted: 28 June,all,0x4721,"Mandatory online elements? In story mode? When you want to start mission game tells you ""someone wants to play online, so ef you, play with him"" and makes you chase ghosts around map.That happens much too often, killing all the fun."
,Not Recommended,243470,13339275,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Zodiac,"If you're using AMD hardware, don't expect this game to run terribly well."
,Not Recommended,243470,10276057,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Crosscoded,"An albeit fun open world experience turn into a nightmare of technical issues ranging from Lost Save Game Files, Uplay Login issues and constant stuttering and loss of gameplay through constant crashing periodically every 1 to 2 hours of gameplay.You are better off buying something along the lines of GTA or saints row. Defenitely not worth 60$ in this state, or in any state for that matter. It brings nothing new to the table except the occasional 'press q to activate lights' hacking."
,Recommended,243470,21155189,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Alcatraz,"Why I review Watch Dogs you ask? Or more specifically why I do it now, almost 2 years after it's initial release?Well there are a couple of reasons for that. One of them being that I had pre-ordered the deluxe edition for about 70 bucks back then so I'd feel horrible if I wouldn't play it through at least once and since I found the time to do so, I figured why not?That aside I've noticed that this game receives quite a lot of hate and I was simply curious how much of it is actually justified (which I'm going to address below). The game was working anything but well at release which is why I decided to give it some time and play it again someday after the last patch has been released.Once I started playing it I got messaged by quite a few people and was asked why I decided to play Watch Dogs since there currently are many better games out there and some of my friends who just as me had not finished it back then were wondering what the the game's current state is, now after several fixes and updates. This was another reason why I've decided to review it once I'm done.Anyway enough talking, lets get on it. I'm gonna start with a short summary as I suspect that this is going to be a long one. Also please keep in mind that while I'm reviewing the pre-ordered deluxe edition, it isn't all that different from the regular game.Short Summary:In my opinion this game is very well worth 30 bucks (its price at the time I've written this review), if you still aren't sure whether you want to pay that much but are generally interested in the game then I'd recommend to pick it up when it's on sale.Things you should take into consideration before buying it:- Fairly buggy considering that it's been out for almost 2 years (one bug worth mentioning is that you might not be able to achieve 100% completion; important to achievement hunters).- Good looking but not very well optimized (you'll need good hardware to run it on high settings).- The story is decent/good but completely linear and therefore has no replay-value at all.- Different sidequests and cool minigames to choose from but all of them get repetitive after a while.- Multiplayer is active and fun, matchmaking works fine but most game modes are unfortunately quite imbalanced/unpolished and therefore it's probably not a multiplayer you're going to invest dozens of hours into.- Despite it's appearance, there isn't much to do in the open-world of Chicago once you've achieved 100% completion (multiplayer and minigames excluded).- You can expect a playtime of at least 50 - 60 hours if you're shooting for 100% completion with a few multiplayer matches inbetween (maybe 2 - 3 hours less as I had some exclusive content; other than that all DLCs and minigames excluded).In-Depth Review:Initially I wanted to include the in-depth review into this one but as it turned out to be longer than I expected, I decided to just link the full reviewhere(leads to a google docs document).Closing WordI find it hard to decide whether I want to give this game a positive or negative rating, being able to give neutral ratings would come in handy in situations like this.I don't think that this game deserves a negative rating in its current state for its current price but on the other hand I must admit that it simply wasn't ready to be released back then as it was way too buggy, unoptimized and unpolished accompanied by U-Play's server issues.Since I ultimately believe that it makes more sense to review the game's current state rather than its state from about 1,5 years ago (I believe the last patch had been released early September 2014), I'm going to give this game a positive rating.That being said I find it unacceptable to sell an to such an extent unfinished product (not to mention that the servers were going to♥♥♥♥♥♥at the same time) for an absurd price of ~ 70€ (pre-ordered deluxe edition). Therefore I wish I could give a negative rating for the service, support, etc. to Ubisoft (as they were both developing and publishing Watch Dogs) for not even being able to fix the most obvious bugs after their terrible release of the game.This has been the last Ubisoft game I've preordered (or even bought for that matter), which isn't going to change anytime soon unless they finally stop pursuing to become the next worst gaming company and get their♥♥♥♥♥♥together. Seeing that most of their games (currently The Division) are among the steam best sellers before even being released, I doubt that anything will change... Although... Hope dies last, right?There will most likely be another Watch Dogs game coming out in future and I certainly hope that Ubisoft pulls themselves together until then and that it's going to be different that time around as Watch Dogs has the potential to become a great franchise/series in my view, far more than it is right now."
,Not Recommended,243470,25224448,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,BOBO DESU WA,"Remember, no more pre orderEspecially Ubisoft games :("
76561198045555597,Not Recommended,243470,10259139,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,MajesticAF,Sucks.
,Not Recommended,243470,10550581,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Kilo Rat (Ratty),This game served as a good example of how not to make a game.
,Not Recommended,243470,13337784,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,BEATLES FAN24,This game is a terrible port. For me I could only play for 30mins to an hour and then it would crash but my friend couldn't even play it at all. The story is mediocre and sequal bait-y. Aiden is a bland person but the writers do a good job in showing how much of an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ he is but besides that he is not well written. The side characters are better than Aiden but it doesn't make up for his lack of character. The gameplay is really fun but the driving is awkward. The hacking is something fun to mess with  and can lead to some hilarious moments. Their is a lot to do in this game but it is quantity over quality so the side missions get repetitive and boring after awhile. Overall this game is over hyped but it isn't a terrible game it's a  good game  just a terrible PC port so I would recommend to not buy it on PC but to buy it on consoles at a cheap price.
,Not Recommended,243470,13091688,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Ilan,"Ok guys steam holiday 2014 sale nearby so :I RECOMMENDED if sale on 75% discount or above (still waste of money)I DONT RECOMMENDED if sale on 50% discount or below (I think it will be this price since the last discount only 40%)Because you can spend to another game with that money to a game that have the same fun. I pre-order this game long time ago and only played a couple hour because the disappointment. Now i played it and just finished the game.Ok lets talk about the game.Pros : Im not gonna say none but its almost avarage from another game- Open world, its very common in game this day but the city is gorgeous.- Living AI (not smart), the AI in the city have alot activity.- Hacking system,sound cool right? but its not as you expected. i found myself annoyed when the msision or to open      certaint door or key just to change camera from point to point.- Excellent stealth and combat.- There's alot of mini games but isn't that fun, like chess, drinking games, etc-♥♥♥♥♥♥...... maybe?Cons :- The main mission is just like a side mission combine with a story.- Side mission are to many because its repetitive you will get bored.- Graphic downgrade, but you can install the worse mod if you want looks like e3.- Huge Fps drop and got dips,im running it on 780 ti and i7 4770k so beware of you  if you have the recommend spec because its BS, i dont know why but the worse mod look like more stable.- There alot collectible, but isnt interesting, the collectible will unlock you a spesial mission but what you get is another same thing as a side mission its not special at all!!!-The collectible is frustrating!!! because you have to unlock a path from point to point with camera either on foot and will took time (this is a cheap way created by delevoper to spend time in this game).- The Multiplayer are fun but there's many hacker, i mean literally a hacker(cheater).- The invading in Multiplayer is annoying because you cant start any mission you cant not do anything before you find your invader, you still turn off the online mode BUT you exp online will be reset.- Of course Uplay.Conclusion :Even with my big disappointment but i have to admit i do enjoy this game, so if you have money you better spend it to another game and save this for the last. but if you dont mind buy from a greedy company and a fan of action open world games the go ahead buy this game, but seriously yo try to not buy this game."
,Not Recommended,243470,12192882,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Gaston,WHAT A PIECE OF ♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥♥THIS IS ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T I WANT MY ♥♥♥♥IN MONEY BACK YOU MOTHER♥♥♥♥IN SHITBAGS IS THIS NEXT GEN YOU PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥NO ITS NOT NEXT GEN SUCK MY MOTHER♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,243470,20105829,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,A commie jockstrap hotdog cowboy,"Ok honestly review time idk.The game is actually great, of course a wonderful e3 graphics mod added, thanks ubishit.It was actually very fun and I bought it MYSELF because only ira bought me one game and that it.Game was fun. I wish I killed Aiden's family and Clara sucks. I also wish getting stuff was less overpowered. I got a ♥♥♥♥ing aa12 in like 3 minutes.Worst part? Online Contracts. ♥♥♥♥ that, the only thing useful for them is a ♥♥♥♥ing spec ops smg. lol anti vehicle rounds? I have a ♥♥♥♥ing Piledriver shotgun from a drunk loser.8/10, needs more old men dying and less ♥♥♥♥♥y cripple people.Also ♥♥♥♥ Jordi."
,Recommended,243470,10253647,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Randy Boebandy,"This is my first major video game review so bear with me. This review is more of a first impressions kind of thing. I've only played for a good hour and a half and I have to say, this game did meet most of my expectations. I'm going to start with the bad. The game is horribly unoptimized on AMD cards which I have. I have an R9 270x and I always get a stuttering effect no matter the setting. The only way to improve it right now is to turn off V-Sync, AA, and set the GPU frames to 1. Even still, it stutters quite a bit. The graphics, while great, are not as good as the E3 2012 reveal which is kind of a dissapointment. The driving isn't bad, but I dislike the damage modeling. You can crash into so many things and your car will not have much damage to it. I wish it had a damage system like GTA: IV.  Some of the voice acting can be a bit bad, and so far the story isn't going anywhere special at the moment. (Though keep in mind it's only been 1 hour and 30 minutes).Now onto the good. The gameplay (Which I personally think matters the most) is very fun. There's a multitude of different things you can do in the city of Chicago and there is a ton of content here. Hacking is very fun and I love how every single pedestrian is interactive. You can see their background such as name, age, income, job and how hostile they are. Little touches like this bring the game to life. The physics are very impressive and I have to say that this is some of the best water effects I've seen in a game. The AI is also very good as well. They will react to different situations very organically. They may catch a quick glipse of you going into cover and rather then shrugging it off like in some games, they actually go straight to investigate. They also let their buddies know if anything is out of the ordanary. Very immersive stuff here. Lastly, I would like to mention that the animations are very well done just like in the Assassins Creed games.Overall, I am liking this game a lot. While it may not live up to all of the hype it set out to make, it is still a very fun game so far.Graphics: 8.5/10 - Very pretty game. Only negative being the bland light tone in daylight.Sound: 8/10 - Voice acting can be iffy, but the sound effects are very good.Gameplay: 9/10 - With so many things to do and hack, you will have a lot of fun with this game.Overall 8.5/10 - Very fun game.I will update my score when I beat it. This isn't a total score for the game but rather then just how much I enjoyed it at the moment. My full review will come in the next few days.I should also say that this score is not including the issues with my card I am having and I assume many others are having as well. That will reflect my final verdict."
76561197971877162,Not Recommended,243470,14889715,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Asses of Fire,"After playing dozens of open world games in my time on this planet, I can say that for 20 bucks maaabye watch dogs is worth a buy.  Definately not at 40.Its a run of the mill open world shooter.  This one has some exciting moments with hacking which creates comical ways to kill your adversaries.  Also each citizen has some pretty hilarious secrets once you profile them.I just couldn't get excited AT ALL with Watch Dogs.  The characters are bland and stereotypical.  Playing with kb&m isn't terrible, but not brilliant either.The MP is also a joke.  Every time a player hacks my game and tries to steal my data, I just leave the area and I win several hundred xp while they lose xp.  Not interested in the MP at all.The graphics are by far the biggest let down.  They look last gen.  I can run this at ultra settings at 45 fps on average and the graphics don't even look that impressive. Nothing like the tech demo Ubisoft promoted 2 years ago.If you absolutely bored stiff and can't find a game to play, then sure, buy Watch Dogs."
,Recommended,243470,22405898,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Your Pal Brian,"After finishing the game (Without side missions and junk. Not my thing), I think Watch Dogs should have a solid review. I enjoy it. Kind of a tech version of GTA. There was a weird amount of hate about the driving. Sure, the handling is a little tight. I agree. But it takes roughly two minutes to be completely used to it. The story line was entertaining enough. Buy on sale."
76561198118408634,Not Recommended,243470,16377844,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Walnut,"First off, the driving controls are to sensitive. Second, if you play with a keyboard and mouse and not a controller, you will demolish your computer in rage because of the controls sensitivity."
76561198048912663,Not Recommended,243470,12464044,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,K2L,"Got the golden gun from Uplay, could not enter the game for two month."
76561197998048996,Not Recommended,243470,10508149,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Wind,"This game feels fake and empty like a chromed plastic sword from China.The message of the game is false. The portrayal of the hacking is ridiculous to anyone with even rudimentary knowledge of how modern appliances and devices are built. For example: you can hack into and make explode the power transformers; or you can magically jump your hacks through line of sight of security cameras; or you can hack into forklifts; or you can hack into grenades of some enemies and so on...The controls on foot feel either unresponsive or laggy. It feels like your character is a half drunk with stiff neck and generally numb muscles. Try quickly looking around - the controls feel too slow. Try aiming with precision - the controls feel too fast.The stealth is simply incovenient. Separate keys to enter and exit cover. No key to just crouch or just stand. If your next cover has more than one side, you can only ""jump"" to the one that faces you. You cannot move or hide bodies. On the first disturbance your enemies will go into ""super agitated"" mode and will never exit it. Shadows appear to have no effect - if you are in line of sight at the right distance and angle, the enemy will see you. You cannot take out lights by shooting them.The driving is equaly inconvenient. The cars feel like they buffer your input up the point and then execute it all at once. The 3rd person camera swings behind the car like crazy which makes you constantly loose bearings. The default angle (which constantly gets auto-restored) of the 3rd person camera hides the front part of the car, thus you cannot do tight maneuvers without often hitting something with the nose of the car.The mission success requirements are often arbitrary and whimsical. For example, in gang dispersal missions you can't just kill the gang leader with his whole gang - you must knock the guy down. And then you can shoot him in the head, it does not matter anymore. In crime prevention missions - if the criminal sees you in the busy area at 20m distance, he will get spooked. Howether it does matter if there are 10 other people around, so long as one of those is not you. In driving missions, you escape the police and drive to one point, only then to be asked to drive to another point at the different end of the area, often having only one decent access road, while search spots pop on that road like crazy. And so on... Pointless, empty and arbitrary challenges.And police in this game are simply trigger happy idiots. It does not matter if they see you commiting a crime or not, if you have a gun in your hand or not, even if someone is shooting at you while you are unarmed. If someone fires a gun and you are nearby, the police will automatically assume you are the largest danger around and shoot you with extreme prejudice.In the end, I just could not find a reason to enjoy this game. And I found many reasons to dislike it."
,Not Recommended,243470,12398463,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Stöfferke,"A mediocre game, the gameplay is repetitive. The storyline might have made up for it, but I never bothered to get past the bossfight with Iraq. That mission is anything but fun, fair or well thought out. I uninstalled the game regretting ever have paid for it when I encountered that disaster in leveldesign."
,Recommended,243470,14640513,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,I ШΔ∏Ƭ ƬΘ DIΣ ƬƁH,"""Tell my wife...I ♥♥♥♥ed her sister!""-Random New York MobsterWHERE WAS HIS FIRE SUPPORT?"
76561198161075229,Not Recommended,243470,33260353,Posted: 4 July,all,Doctor Skidoodle,"I know people say the story can be pretty good, and I know people were accused of hopping on bandwagons, but this game really just isnt fun to play. The mechanics and physics are terrible. Such as the aiming. Not to mention, things like explosions just look horrible. I'd like a pleasant viewing experience when I've paid so much for a beefy PC. I'd say skip it, as its just another revenge story. Refunded after 2 hours of play. WD2 however is great :D Terrible phsics and questionable car physics but the story, characters, graphics and all that are fantastic."
,Not Recommended,243470,12727214,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,lil sosa macklairin,meh...?
76561197994157798,Not Recommended,243470,33106893,Posted: 1 July,all,SlippyJunk,"DON'T BUY THIS GAME... It's ♥♥♥♥ing garbage.  Not even worth 5 bucks.  Third party Uplay DRM is horrendous, takes a year to initialize the game.  The gameplay is terrible, its like playing GTA5 (a relatively good game) but you get killed all the time and have to restart missions... its impossible to escape on foot from enemy helicopters, you can be 2 blocks away from them unseen and they will find you and kill you with precision snipers.  And finally, the gameplay is repetitive and boring.  Nuff said..."
,Not Recommended,243470,24784612,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,CabooseDOTexe,"Avoid!This game does not run smooth. I actually had to buy it on console to play it and after playing through it all I can say is that it is Assassin's Creed. There are some differences but the similarities are clear. I will admit I did enjoy some things like the mini games, the info on random people was always funny with a wide variety and the hacking gameplay was a good idea. But overall Watch_Dogs was lacking. The hacking was the core gameplay mechanic that could not hold the game up. There wasn't much variety in its capablities and should have been paired up with something else to help fill the gameplay void that Watch_Dogs has. It lacks life! It feels formulaic and dull after a few hours.The worst part was when the enjoyment dropped off for me. For a while I was having fun playing around with the toys but then after I had unlocked all the major stuff I wanted, like guns and abilities, I was about 25% to 40% through the story. That's when you realize that the game threw stuff in to make the game seem longer. The main story took a long time because you'd have to drive literally cross map. Long distances with nothing in between. At least in GTA you can take a taxi but in Watch_Dogs you have to drive as collectables and other things that you NEED to get some upgrades pop up even though the upgrade may not be great.As for the story, it's dumb and your character shouldn't be mad at anyone but himself. It's hard to like anyone when rice cakes have more flavor. There are parts in the plot where it seems that the script or story boards got out of order as somethings are mentioned once then not heard about for several missions only to be brought up as the sudden explaination for what you were doing.I'm writing this now because since teh sequal is coming out I felt that it was important to say something. The sequal is like the sequal to the last airbender movie, no one was really asking for it and others just want to forget the the first one was even a thing."
,Not Recommended,243470,30726748,Posted: 25 March,all,B00!,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAMEretruned it after first few minutes of playingiusses:Technical1. Game is terribly optimized.(even after 3 years)2.The game drops to 45-50 fps for no reason. I played from 1440p to 800p and the fps drop is still constant.3.You need to lower multiple settings just to make it run on playable framerate. even after the lowered settings you might encounter stuttering and random fps drops in undemanding areas.4.The game looks terrible, Forget the downgrade the graphics even at ultra look pretty bad.(exteme bump maps on road,ugly textures on walls,etc.)All in all game is not worth buying even after 3 ♥♥♥♥ing years at cheap price.my specs:i5-4690k OC @4.1GHzgigabyte GTX 980Ti windforce edition SOC16GB RAM (DDR3 2133MHz)MSI gaming 5 motherboard"
,Not Recommended,243470,12416936,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Doggy,"To bad this game is not the best ported game from console. The performance is bad even on my high performance Machine. The highest Frames per second I got was 200 and was lag spiking whenever I was driving. There was a mod called ""The Worst Mod"" that unlocked better graphics and solved alot of the lag but yeah. Ubisoft has to fix there stuff and should not let people do it for them because they are to lazy... Team Fortress 2 for example, made in 2007 and still being updated!I Rate 4 out of 10 for this game because the game overall looked like Grand Theft Auto and the story was not good at all. The only things that where cool where online hacking and the random events you could do. I do not hope for an ""Watch Dogs 2"" or something."
,Not Recommended,243470,10484134,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,SEKCobra,"-Unskippable everything, forced ""LOOK HERE"" Tutorials♥♥♥♥♥♥writing♥♥♥♥♥♥cliches♥♥♥♥♥♥gameplay♥♥♥♥♥♥chase mechanics♥♥♥♥♥♥Morale System♥♥♥♥♥♥Helicopters you can only hack if they aren't directly above you (which they try to be) and you aim at them. Only on foot.-Everything else they did wrong.Freerun system is meh+Nice graphics+Nice engine+Good technical execution"
,Recommended,243470,12270445,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Huskies xD,"If this game was a female, I'd have sex with it."
,Recommended,243470,19718801,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,AJPC,I enjoyed this. Is it wrong?
,Recommended,243470,10255096,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,edLaika,"public class md5 {public static void main(String[] args) throws Exception {String password = ""password"";MessageDigest md = MessageDigest.getInstance(""MD5"");md.update(password.getBytes());byte byteData[] = md.digest();StringBuffer sb = new StringBuffer();for (int i = 0; i < byteData.length; i++) {sb.append(Integer.toString((byteData& 0xff) + 0x100, 16).substring(1));}System.out.println(""Digest(in hex format):: "" + sb.toString());StringBuffer hexString = new StringBuffer();for (int i = 0; i < byteData.length; i++) {String hex = Integer.toHexString(0xff & byteData);if (hex.length() == 1) {hexString.append('0');}hexString.append(hex);}System.out.println(""Digest(in hex format):: "" + hexString.toString());}}"
,Recommended,243470,19962009,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,WoolyBug,"Watch Dogs is a hard game to review. Not because of what it doesn't have, but because of the potential of what it could have been. It checks all the points when it comes to an Ubisoft Open-World game. A grand conspiracy, some sort of tower/place to unlock to allow further unlocks, and hundreds of worthless crap to unlock that never rewards the amount of time it actually took to unlock... But the main character you are playing is just not a person I like to represent. His whole demeanor is just ""bad"". He feels like a very narcassistic person, a person who in real life I would never assocait with.How can I dig into a game and really feel part of it's universe if I do not like the person I am?The game mechanics are okay, the shooting is about as solid as most open-world multi-role games like this usually are.The driving model is horrible, which is strange considering Ubisoft's racing game experience. People were initially let down with this title because Ubisoft dangled an unrealistic shiny, perfect, photo-realistic carrot in front of us, then switched it out with a carrot that had been sitting out on the counter too long.Looking back at it without those expectations of greatest though, this game looks and plays like hundreds of others post 2012 open world titles. Somewhat resembles the city they take place in? check. Has important landmarks of said location? Check. Real world life-style and social cues from that era? Check? AI feels lifeless and less like an actual city and more like a computer simulation? Check.To sum of it up, this game does what it says on the tin, but it doesn't do anything great nor does it really do anything new outside the ""hacking"" component, which any IT person would tell you is nothing like real world hacking. Real world hacking involves hundreds of late-night reading, studying and coding. Not a magic ""hack"" button as depicted in this.The story is so full of twists, turns and nameless people that with over 90 hours I still only understand the very basics. Bad guys are trying to get me, I'm  trying to find bad guys. Roll Credits.If you want a rating, then comparing to other open world games of this ilk (Grand Theft Auto, Assassin's Creeds, etc) I would rate this a 6 out of 10. COmparing to games in general I would bump it to a 7 out of 10."
76561198134442970,Not Recommended,243470,16944014,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,shunyata00,wont open just crashes computer
,Recommended,243470,10253357,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Kaiserkev,"Wow I'm shocked to see the negative reviews here! Smooth game for me so far, running at semi-Ultra settings on my 280x.I'll give Watch_Dogs 9/10, GTA V 9.5/10. It's still good! Hear me out.It's a well made game, and it's pretty good. Of course, the story and sense of exploration isn't on par with what GTA V gives. Graphics and audio are top notch! I love it. Driving isn't that great, but definitely not the ♥♥♥♥♥iest driving out there. There are a lot of things to do, but it just lacks some kinda feeling of exploration. It's quite irrational on my part, but perhaps I feel that way is because the game is too goal-oriented. Everything's on screen and you'll never wander around aimlessly. Other than that, it's really good and the sense of exploration probably is just a taste of the game's user interface. Afterall, it's a game that is themed around transparency.Definite buy, in my opinion. It didn't surpassed my expectations since its first teaser footage, but it's still great and different from other games, and you owe it to yourself to check it out!"
,Recommended,243470,10248757,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Vegan Atheist,"Superman to Metropolis, Batman to Gotham, Spiderman to New York, Aiden Pearce to ChicagoThe game is a tale of revenge (yawn), it’s about  protecting those you love (bleh), that and conspiracies (oh, those), the criminal underworld (played it), corruption (seen it), and let’s not forget hacking (you mean like Deus Ex/Bioshock/Arkham games hacking?NO.I mean HACKING everything)Single player consists of:- Story missions which are varied and interesting;-Unlocking the CTOS towers (there are a handful of them);-Stopping a military convoy;-Acting as a decoy to lure away cops for the criminals to do their deed;-Delivering vehicles with minimal damage in a set amount of time;-Locating weapons’ caches;-Locating and eliminating gang hideouts-Intercepting someone else’s packages-Playing poker ( I played high stakes and lost $ 10,000 even though I was using a camera to look at other player’s cards, no refunds);-Playing 4 virtual games. I loved “Alone” – very creepy and gripping;-As well as stopping crime (and by that I mean following one person wherein that person either kicks♥♥♥♥♥or get their♥♥♥♥♥kicked which is where you come in);Multiplayer consists of:-Intrusion:Find the hacker or hack someone by blinding in and steal their money;-Online Races;-Team deathmach with decryption of the other team’s server and then attempting to get away with it;-Taking control of cops/chopper and chasing each other;-FREE ROAM!!!In between you get to intrude into people’s lives by using your phone’s “profiler”. While I appreciate the devs showing today’s  post Raegan/post Bush America wherein most people are making something between 20K and 35K  annually, there are a few things I found that were off:-How does a fast food worker who makes $ 23,600 a year go to Iraq? Or anywhere else for that matter?;-There was a hispanic looking guy, the profiler said he opposed immigration, so I went to push him to see what's up, he replied something in Spanish...so yeah, a Spanish-only speaking dude who opposes immigration;-Others are pretty funny: ""Recently joined the apocalypse survival group"" or ""Supports anarchy"" (while wearing a suit and a tie);-A waste management guy is an “Amateur Astronomer” - hey, to each his own;-“Frequently purchases lottery tickets” - yeah, that's half of New York population right there and most of deli groceries’ business;- A 24-year old Asian guy with a white name who makes $ 71,500 a year as a webmaster reports of hearing voices;-Found a couple of sex addicts too;-A few naughty people download pirated media;- A junkie looking bald white guy who collects coupons makes $ 100.000 a year;-Once in a while you'll see a 30 something year old recovering from first stroke - btw, there are no fat people in the game, nor are there any kids, or any old people;-A 41 year old black male psychologist wearing a baseball cap backwards making $ 93,000 a year is charged with bigamy....wait what?;-Frequently visits porn sites”- yeah that’s pretty much everyone with an internet connection;-and then there are those who frequently watch torture porn....ummm...how much is ""frequently"" exactly? ;-and there are some things you'd rather NOT know - like when a guy who has a third nipple;- occasionally, you get to remote-trigger the explosives a guy is carrying, his last words were ""oh NO! tell my wife I was...."" boom!!!! As I used the profiler on the dead body it said: ""wife recently filed a restraining order"".I am obviously nit-picking just for the sake of it and I could go on and on but I’ve already spoiled enough. But I didn’t stop there, I wanted to push the game’s AI to its limits:So I stood in line at the ATM machine. A lady was in front of me, she was about to use the machine when I pushed her, she said ""excuse me"" dropped her purse on the ground and started walking in another direction - I guess this is how good the open world games are gonna get at this point.Insofar as creating this extra dimension for NPCs that we have never seen before in any open world game is something that is very peculiar. It actually “feels” sometimes that it’s a human being with an actual life, or lack thereof. However, about an hour into the game and you'll start noticing same NPCs.Ubi did try their best at having same looking NPCs wear different attires, so if you aren't looking too hard you may not notice that too much.And there are little things like when you hack trigger someone's explosives on their body they can actually pull them out and throw them away killing a civilian in the process.I am still confused about the morality system. For instance, stealing poor people’s money by withdrawing their funds from an MTA does not lower your reputation. Even if you do side missions you will keep gaining good reputation, however, in order to do those things you will frequently steal other people’s cars, break their cell phones, sometimes run over them and get them caught up in a line of fire, wreck city’s property. Now, in real world, even if one was to save the lives of 100 people but still killed one either by accident or by recklessness or WORSE, on purpose, then that person’s hero status  will be close to zero.  And I am still not sure what kind of perks I am getting by increasing notoriety.There aren’t too many comedic reliefs in the game safe for some double entendras and some very dry humor. BUT, the funniest moments of the game is when you get to monitor people’s lives when breaking into an OS Tower OR when you reach The Bunker.Back to the core.The first 20 minutes of the game kind of teach you how to pee, but it’s all within a context and all very helpful.Now this is NOT a GTA clone in the least.-there are bus stops but no buses;-there are cop cars that chase you when you commit crime but not cop cars at all if you just walk around behaving;-there are taxis but you can’t pay the cabbie to take you somewhere;-you cannot shoot while in a vehicle or on a bike;-you cannot pick your fallen enemies' weapons;-the soundtrack sucks;-there is no “leisure time” to play pool, tennis, or go out with your friends (not that these things are in the game). You have a clear mission, well, sort of, and you get the job done until you advance the next act. Oh, by the way, about the acts. There are 5 of them.  There are 9 main missions in act I, 15 main missions in act II, 6 missions in act III, 8 missions in act IV and one mission in act V.But I did experience a level of immersion wherein I did my best to NOT kill anyone and to NOT be reckless. I found it very satisfying to take down CTOS guys without killing them. When it came to mercs or gangsters then I often made an exception in their case.I LOVE disrupt engine. I love the fact that you do not just reside on an island in the middle of an ocean (Ahem, GTA III, GTA: VC, GTA IV, GTA V). The textures are damn near photo-realistic, the vistas, the sky, the way the trees and the leaves move in random unison when it’s windy, the day/night cycle, the destruction, the physics are pretty much worked out except the car damage is unrealistic. Vehicles take a lot of hits to explode or even to get dents and be undrivable. Plus, any car you drive is like a bulldozer-mowing everything down.  I didn’t like that at all.  Unfortunately when you shoot in water there are no splashes, the lip sync is nonexistent.The Map is very well done. It’s dynamic and well packed with content as well as real-life locations.The upgrade system is very neat. And playing on ""realistic"" is fun however it sucks that you get to see through walls AND see your enemies on the map all the time.I could go on and on but I’ll stop. The game has been 5 years in the making, and it shows how much effort was put in it. It has its little short comings but I see this as a next step in gaming. And this is the first game because of which I took a day off from work…"
,Recommended,243470,10248310,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Daisuke,Traffic accidents = A ton of fun/10.I am crying on how much fun I am having with traffic lights.
,Not Recommended,243470,12730702,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,[IL]Netanel(BlueCube),Uplay Uplay Uplay Uplay Uplay Uplay Uplay Uplay Uplay Uplay Uplay Uplay Uplay Uplay Uplay Uplay.
76561197974593679,Not Recommended,243470,14858139,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Ruuk,This game is about as exciting as watching Ben Stein shop for toothpaste.
,Recommended,243470,14898934,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Sir Jables,"I stole $640 from a man that had been diagnosed with pancreatic cancer, whilst sitting in an ice cream van.  I then went on to spend that money on a nice new outfit."
,Recommended,243470,10271868,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Beef Turnmail,ok yeah sure the graphics are kinda♥♥♥♥♥♥but you can talk about yiffing with guards to distract them 100/10 GOTY
,Recommended,243470,13596581,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Blasteron,I hear the horror storys of gimped grpahics and buggy gameplay at launch.I have just purchased this game recently and the graphics dont seem to be gimped any more and the game is fun to play.
76561198067851126,Not Recommended,243470,10796459,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Dread Baron Beardly,"I just can't get into this game. It is a standard, open world, do side misions and a et of main storyline missions. That in itself is not bad but this game does it all so uninpired and boring. The missions aren't that exciting. THey feel like a grind. I can't really get into the story. I am trying but I can't recommend this one. Pick it up a couple year from now for $5 if you really want to try it."
,Not Recommended,243470,10280394,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,McDylan,Wow such stutter. Much uplay. such next gen.
,Not Recommended,243470,10268920,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,LIKEUCARE,"REVIEW PENDING...Well Watch_Dogs is a stuttering mess and I'm astonished Ubisoft haven't optimized that game yet. This actually reminds me the early days of Grand Theft Auto IV, where it was a HUGE MESS at launch, for the PC version.I'll clearly take my time now with Wolfenstein The New Order until W_D gets patched. Also, apparently, Uplay kills your saves on the cloud... I haven't experienced it since I've barely played W_D but that issue is quite a big deal. Also, the mouse look on this game is jerky, then freeze, the unfreeze and back being jerky. Guess UBI haven't tested the Keyboard+Mouse settings huh?That's what I hate about Ubisoft. They make good games but their technical side (PC version not optimized, Uplay logging failures, Saves cloud failures) are totally counterintuitive, broken and totally frustrating.I'll give this game another shot in a few days. This product is just unplayable right now.OVERALL:WAIT A FEW DAYS/WEEKS BEFORE BUYING THIS GAME.RATING:STUTTERING MESSFOR UBISOFT'S SAKE, THEY BETTER OPTIMIZE / PATCH W_D SOON!"
,Recommended,243470,10256808,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Blackmill08,Ok so its a little hard to get going i had to play around with the settings to make everything work right. If your a nvidia user then just use the recommended settings and turn off motion blur.AMD users im sorry i have noticed improvements when you change the buffer to 2 and use temporalfx. The game is great hands down a great game so far and those chases are hella fun. Ran from some bad guys and went over the bridge but before i hit the bridge i hacked it to go up i made it the guy behind me no so much!!!! The game is great the optimization is not so good. But that doesnt make it a bad game. Also drive with a Controller just works so much better. Also i use a GTX titan so ya the game can use some optimizing but over all this is not GTA this city is active there is so much going on its a far superior free roam game than any other before it. Give it a chance people.
,Recommended,243470,10281903,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Ya Boi Dick Splasha,"So I wrote a review earlier but I changed up a few things and I have some different opinions.The game is unplayable at maximum settings. I however can run it fairly well at medium texture settings with everything else set to high.I do get these odd freezes quite frequently, maybe every minute, that lasts around 2 seconds, then the game just continues on perfectly.The game has not crashed yet, and it doesn't seem as if it will.If you're curious about spec requirements feel free to look at mine in my profile description to get an understanding of what I'm using it to run at the settings I stated.Gameplaywise, the mechanics are pretty cool and the concept of hacking is totally fun.The way vehicles work has gotten a bit more hate than it deserves. While they're not perfect, they're still easy to use. You just need to get the hang of it.I'm really enjoying it even though I go freeze and can't run it at ultra.I heard Ubisoft is going to fix it so it'll run smoother, so if they actually do, then I'd totally recommend the game. But for now I feel you should only buy it if you really need to get rid of 60$ and have a strong gaming computer."
76561198085600893,Not Recommended,243470,10281868,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,jjermaine13,"Would like to give a good review for this, as I had such high expectations of this being my summer time hit! Sory to say I am let down. I could not play the game first two days I spent entire time getting reboots with windows error 0xa0000001 and had no idea what that error was. After hours of online research and updates for drivers I only later found the Amd specs are so high for this game I would really need to spend an additional 200.00$ for a new Amd Radeon card to run this game halfway decent. Lucily I stumbled upon a forum with aggrieved consumer enduring my plight who suggested trying AMD Catalyst 14.6 Beta Watch Dogs performance increase. While I may no longer have error 0xa0000001, I still don't have max, heck, minimal performance for this game. Very disatisfying game. I do not recommend at this time."
76561198084630891,Not Recommended,243470,10292390,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Hoplite Six,This game is garbage.  Don't buy it
,Not Recommended,243470,10302489,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,lew,f*ck uplay
76561198017599734,Not Recommended,243470,10285844,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,viperwolf02,"SimpleConsUPLAY<--get rid of this and just hand it to steamoverhypedthe most horriable vehicle physics.........everone of two games i get motion sicknesseven high end PCs will have trouble smoothing this outgraphics are not cutting edgealot of detail was left out-others have covered thisyou cant just run up to someone and knock them over the head, but you can shoot them.ProsI bought this to hold me over until GTA5 is released for PC-it willCIty is beautifulthe AI is ok, what you would expecthacking can get old, but its still a new view into open worldthe story seems good so farThe cars look decentConclusionI would not recommend buying this game full price, i made the mistake and preordered. Will not happen with UPLAY again.I think the game has potential, but need alot of updates that i doubt uplay will put into it. Driving in this game is so so so horriable. I cannot think of a game this bad in driving/riding. Im so happy i have not played GTA5. i would have been even more disappointed in the money i spent. alot of people where hoping this would give Rockstar a challenge, but it only shows that other can attempt open world gameplay. wait for sale on steam, it will happen soon with all the negative reviews."
,Not Recommended,243470,10290965,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Nitzer,"The hacking is very straight forward. Theres little to none optimization for video quality on high end systems. I've played almost 10 hours and I'm already bored of the storyline because it doesn't offer much variety. Basically you spend like 3 hours of gameplay chasing down someone who prank called your sister. There's also little vairety of things to do when you're not playing the campaign. The mutliplayer is straight forward where you just get to free-roam or have races/hack battles. Oh, and did I mention the driving. Jesus, it's worse than gta4. ""Nex-Gen game"" my♥♥♥♥♥ Seems like they just stole all of our money and they used the E3 2012 trailer to make everyone buy it now thinkig ""this game is going to be AWESOME"".2/10 game."
76561198055706959,Recommended,243470,10299603,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,die Bratwurst,"simply the best game in my library. Fun, but can be quite difficult sometimes."
,Recommended,243470,10302334,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,★Yui★ <3,Best game ever!!!
76561198063928878,Recommended,243470,10258380,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Chuvak,"Main problem with the game is the use of UPLAY which is very heavy on the RAM and there are problems with the connection.Ubisoft need to patch the hell out of this game to make it playable on AMD cards before I recommend it to someone else. But they are multi-million dollar company, so who cares about me.EDIT: After playing some more and getting used to the driving aspect as well as with addition to AMD's patch this game grew on me. A lot of things to do. You can spend hours doing side missions and on view incidents."
,Recommended,243470,10309373,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Yarrick2k5,"24 hours of gameplay and i'm still enjoying it. I've had no problems with logging into Uplay and whilst i feel the Uplay feature is unnessecary it doesn't actually do the game any harm from my experience with it. A lot of people have reported but but i have only had a single occasion where my pc crashed running the game, i've not experienced any other glitches or bugs.The level of detail Ubi have put into designing the city is very impressive, and i have enjoyed exploring it. The main mission line for me thus far has been overal solid, i wasn't expecting a masterpiece but it's good none the less, there is also plenty to distract me in terms of side quests, various types of contracts, the smart phone augemented reality games, the digital trips, the stopping crimes, and the unsettling realisation that another person has infiltrated my game attempting to hack me. However there is a very slow queue time in finding other players to hack or play with a bit frustratingMy set up is a Quad Core AMD Phenom II 3.2GHz, with A Geforce GTX 780Ti and the game works seemless on Max settings, it is very pretty to look at.Would i reccomend this game? Yes, and i have already done so to a few friends, I believe a good philosophy is to not get swayed by the media hype companies like Ubisoft put with their games, i can understand why they want to big it up but I keep my expectations average and that way i'm not dissapointed if it falls short, but then if it does really well then i am very happy. And with this game right now, i am happy. 24 hours in and i still plan to add many more to that. To those who are sitting on the fence, wait for a steam sale and for the price to go down to like 66% or something."
76561197974704090,Not Recommended,243470,10290242,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Kaptin,not what was promisedhalf finished and half arsed.
,Not Recommended,243470,10272153,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,crazyves,"Why is it, that when i buy a game on Steam, i have to make an account on Uplay to play the game ???Despite the fact that Uplay is another useless Software and Account i dont want and i dont need, it doesn´t even work!It has very bad Account management and i´m still unable to play the game because of Uplay!Thanks for ruining the game for me Uplay! At least be honest and rename your ""service"" to Udontplay."
,Not Recommended,243470,10282346,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Aspen,"I can't recommend Watch Dogs in it's current state. It's fairly buggy and has some major FPS drops. My computer can run other new games on high, if not ultra, but occasionally chugs on this game. This is especially apparent when driving. The driving itself is awful, I crash into things constantly unlike other open world games I've played. There's also the little issue of having to launch Uplay through Steam, which is very annoying.Here's a full list of issues/complaints:- Could not launch game, had to find a fix- FPS drops- Not enough car variety, no NPCs on motorcycles- Difficult car controls- Lost ability to hack, had to restart the game- Transparent character models- Cannot cancel any mission once it's been started- Very long loading times- Few buildings to enter, most are in missions- Mouse acceleration is inconsistent"
76561198004828054,Not Recommended,243470,10312062,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,l3aronsansgland,"This game is repetitiv and therefore boring. I have the feeling that when they presented it for the first time at the E3 this was another game. The driving is so bad. You have the feeling you are playing an arcade driving game. You can smash the car 10 times if you want, nothing will happen to it. Not even a single scratch. It is said that every citizen has his own personality. Let me explain it with my words: you pull your phone and you target one of those citizens. You will see his name, his income and generally a fun fact about him. Sometimes you will have the opportunity to hack his cellphone to get his card number and that is it.About gun fights. No blood and they are way too easy even in the hardest mode. They are not dynamic at all.Big big disapointment. I do not recommand it."
,Not Recommended,243470,10291978,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,NetSlayer,"To sum it up, The protagonist experiences a car accident due to stuttering while while driving.The issues get worse from there as he is forced to use ""UPlay"" technology in order to redeem the specs of his perfect rig.4 days into the story, fighting this evil lag and I'm gripped. It really is nothing like the E3 preview as to be expected.It's better, the lack of modern day functionality and constant graphics issues... really help the player immerse themselves as a Ubisoft Customer.Sattire aside. Ubisoft has been doing this since Ghost Recon Future Soldier.Remember this...I'll be damned if ""The Division"" does not experience the following:- Poor PC optimisation. (Memory, CPU, GPU)- Poor graphics options for the PC (No particle quality settings or other deailed settings)- Strict Nat issues- Lack of Patching support- Lack of QA testing (plenty of bugs a normal player finds but QA staff cannot identify?)- SubPar Controller support and mixing errors with keyboard and mouse controls.- Lack of keybinding options- Lack of punish/reward system to encourage fair PVP- Lack of Quality immersion... (Chicago civilians don't use motorbikes, certain cars and police don't use boats?)- AI issues... (Ubisoft never could get AI right)Remember the above... It applies to alot of Ubisoft games, I'll bet you can apply it to future ones too.Ubisoft are, without a doubt... grossly incompetent in understand the needs of PC gamers.Yet in the media it is their concern and they wish to win us back. Well here's how..- Remove Uplay ( No, we are NOT joking, how many years do we have to complain to get the message through?)- Listen to the players BEFORE AND AFTER release. Don't just ignore the quality feedback on the forums..- Don't ignore feedback with  ""We take all feedback seriously..."" Start showing it. Reply with results, not false promises.- The PC is greatly customisable, A console is not. Add detailed graphics options, controller options.. We love options!- Allow PC's to use Dedicated Server options as well as classic Peer-to-peer playability.- Let us do more with our friends... The more friends you have able to play together. The better sales you will have!- Beta Server testing. Entirely campaign free. Give us a good reason to preorder... Yes we actually forgive bugs at this stage..I hope one day Ubisoft listens. Power to the player!"
,Not Recommended,243470,10417307,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Faile,"Game is way too shallow, it's fun to romp around for a while but halfway through the campaign i was already bored to death.Car control almost requires a gamepad, keyboard controls are all over the place because of the ""on/off"" type steering."
,Recommended,243470,10425367,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,✓⎝Prof. Jhon Dimbus⎠✓,"Despite all of the negative comments, I incredibly enjoyed this game. It has fun stealth gameplay and the drop-in multiplayer adds an exciting surprise whenever your free roaming. All of the hate reviews on this game are made the day of or day after release. I don't think this game quite lives up to the hype, but overall I - and everyone I know who owns this game - has loved it. 9/10."
,Recommended,243470,10396118,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,It's Alan with 2 A's,"What a game!!! I love this game, just got it, came off it to write this review. Get it. Now lets get serious, I love this, I missed my English GCSE exam to finish my mission. Now, buy it for a whole new world off imagination and the amazing skilled and amazingly graphiced driving ! 20/10! 5 Stars by Lemmiwinks Reviews on Youtube , We have over 150k Subs, Please find us on youtube!"
,Not Recommended,243470,10497654,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,joetom,"People who pirated this game have had a perfectly reasonable experience, but because I legally purchased it, I've been punished every step of the way.First I was unable to play the game because I couldn't play single player, because their servers were down. And now my local save data has been deleted because it broke while synching to a ""cloud save."" I'd take my money back if I could get it, because there's no way I'm replaying 3-4 hours of this game. Completely and total waste of money."
,Recommended,243470,10270167,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Greg_Boxall,"I hacked a fish. It sung about pimps. 10/10But seriously, do one uplay."
,Not Recommended,243470,10295228,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,The Arrow,"I have been so excited for this game since it was first announced at E3. I prepurchased this game and bought the deluxe edition buying into to how much hype was put into this game. The game has constant framerate issues (even worse if you have AMD Graphics Cards), the combat is made up of mostly quicktime events, the driving feels way to stiff, and the AI is so terrible it's laughable. The hacking isn't bad but the main problem with it is it feels watered down from what it could of been.The best part about this game is the 1v1 online hacking against other players, but it definitely isn't worth paying 59.99 for a game that is mediocre at best."
76561198067155542,Recommended,243470,10356810,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Cammosaur,The best thing in this game are the mini-games.
76561198009371311,Not Recommended,243470,10276154,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Kirlian,"My expectations were really high for this, but, in short, I was extremely disappointed because it's so poorly realised.The potential was high, and the general idea is good, but the important points when you play include also the control system and playability, not only the overall look and feel.The character controls are poor, when you need to move from one covert position to the other, and mostly when you run.The driving system is extremely bad.I will play it till the end, ok, because I bought it, but probably if I had the chance to try it before I wouldn't have bought it.Some people criticize it saying it's similar to Assassin's Creed when you run and fight, but it's not true: it's much worse.While the performance issues are something I believe they can fix (personally I find it acceptable with nvidia card), the general playstyle is something we have to live with, and I don't like it enough to save it. What a pity.... :("
,Recommended,243470,10253955,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Cydistical,"Crazy fun, even if you aren't into the hacking aspect, the gunfights are incredibly satisfying and the story actually feels like some effort went into it.[Edit: Due to the awful necessity of Uplay to play Watchdogs, I am honestly not sure whether or not to recommend this, at the time of this review I've played '2 hours' i would have played about 4-5 were it not for the fact that Uplay consistently crashes, refuses to open, doesn't connect to their servers thereby not letting me use my savegames (for some unknown reason) and other fun, game-ruining traits that Uplay has to offer:) ]"
,Recommended,243470,10270775,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,KarL,"I'm not sure how people can actually slate the gaming experience once they get through the standard Uplay bulls**t.The game itself is extremely addictive, IF, and only if, you give it a fair chance. And by a fair chance I mean completing Act 1. The problem with Watch_Dogs is it's very easy to get overwhelmed or confused from the start. Personally, I thought I was going to quit and uninstall the game after about an hour of game play. But instead, I called it a night and got some sleep. Feeling fresh the following day I decided to give it another chance considering I spent €69.99 on it. And I have to say that I am very happy that I did.Nothing special about the main story line, it's quite cliché actually, but it's still great fun to follow. What I love about the game is the side missions and the fixed contracts. The fixed contract missions are like mini versions of Splinter Cell missions. You have the option of going entirely stealth or you can go in all guns blazing. Plenty of cool features if you decide to go stealth to help you complete your mission, just like in Splinter Cell (distract enemy, etc.).Simple yet very good Skill Trees in the game that really do make a difference and they are vital to progressing in the game.Regarding online play; I haven't played much due to Uplay servers being overloaded at the moment, so it's kind of like GTA5 was in the first few days of release. But the online missions that I have played have been incredible! From street racing to invading someone else's game to hack them to retrieve data, if the Uplay servers would just get their sh*t together, it would be amazing.Contrary to popular belief, the game is well optimised for PC. I have a friend who struggled on high settings and he was able to get his game perfectly smooth by lowering some of the graphical options. This is something the latest CoD game for example, did not care for. So it would be good if people actually stopped ripping into a game from every angle just because they hate Ubisoft or because they can't login due to server overload.Yes, Uplay has been very disappointing once again, but the game itself is fantastic. I have waited a long time for Watch_Dogs and for me, it was worth the wait."
76561197971151432,Not Recommended,243470,10267427,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Kyndig,"Overall, it's a great game.  However the connectivity issues make it essentially unplayable, especially if you want to do any kind of multiplayer.  If I'd known this was going to require UPlay, I wouldn't have bought it.  Ubisoft can't launch a game right to save their lives."
,Recommended,243470,26081138,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,【Data_NotFound】,"This game, Hell fun with mulit player :DStory is very sad, I love online ;D"
76561198127550948,Not Recommended,243470,10410323,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Omegaindian84,I Can't even play it
,Recommended,243470,10578580,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Gazelle,HACKERZZZZZZZ
,Recommended,243470,10579133,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,ThePoonJab,The gameplay is great!  Too bad I had to mod it to look like E3 2012.
,Recommended,243470,10280962,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Penji,"This game is fine, all the other reviews are one massive hate bandwagon."
,Recommended,243470,10296212,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Mr Hobo,Like Skyrim but with stutters.
76561197971087002,Not Recommended,243470,10269528,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,CallmeRED,"This is a smooth rollout? Where can I get a refund? Come on guys, dont bring anything out that isnt checked and double checked to ensure they're no problems!WHere can i get a refund?????"
,Not Recommended,243470,10259876,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,J3ST3R-M4A3,"I am going back to edit this original review to now give it a thumbs down, the game is very enjoyable when it works.  However Ubisoft need to get rid of uPlay not today, not tomorrow, but right the ♥♥♥♥ now!!!!"
,Not Recommended,243470,10269804,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,-DDSSTT-,"Game looks really good, but poor optimization and the inability to play on NVidia Surround with the constant FPS drops and shutters - not to mention the game freezing/crashing causing a complete PC hard restart make this game all but unplayable. Old PC? no, my specs:Win7i7 4960X3x EVGA GTX 780 Ti super clocked64GB RAM corsair vengeance."
,Not Recommended,243470,10339839,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Abeltensor,"This game is fundamentally flawed.  Anyone who wants a good open world game should look else where.  Ubisoft tried to put their own spin on the genera and failed miserably.  The game is for the most part, very simple and the only difficulty comes from frustrating mechanics and terrible optimization.  You can find better look as well as overall better games that do exactly the same things as this one and much more.  Dont waste your time."
,Recommended,243470,10270633,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Geno,"Is it ready?No, not really. However, when it's not busy being buggy, it's a rather enjoyable game."
,Recommended,243470,10258171,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,[Way Cool Cyberbully] Clayren,"Don't beleive the hype! This game contains a grand total of ZERO dogs to watch, a big dissapointment for the dog watching community who had hoped to at last be represented in the gaming community. The shooting and hacking stuff are good so I'll give it a thumbs up bcuz i know some ppl like that sorta thing, but for those of us who enjoy dog watching its a major let-down."
76561197977177324,Not Recommended,243470,10346333,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Julle,"The positive: Looks OK, stealth and ""hacking"" gameplay is pretty good.The negative: It is VERY badly optimized, the physics are bad, the story is stupid, last mission bugs out for me, mouse sensitivity is extremely bad - borderline unplayable and you have to have uplay installed.Conclusion: Its a worse GTA in almost all aspects, buy it when its really cheap and all the bugs have been fixed if you enjoy open world games."
,Recommended,243470,10252543,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Saloman8,Bloody Uplay wont log in...
76561198083020380,Recommended,243470,13690867,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,thatswagdude,"Watch dogs I had the most mixed opinions for the game more than I have for any other it didnt deliver on what was originally promised but it had its moments enough moments to make my playthrough actually quite enjoyable.I feel the game was slightly rushed probably towards the end of development because there is some glitches and bugs but nothing gamebreaking. Chicagos open world was vast one of my favorite open worlds to explore it my have lacked a little divercity but it was incredibly slick the large buildings in the mad mile look magnefecient the cars look really slick mimicing BMWS and Mercedies cars which makes you feel badass. As much as I enjoyed the game it did have its problems so hear is the 6 things that could be improved1. shooting out of cars I know the hacking was supposed to be your weapon but it would have braught another layer to the driving2.a better song selection common I dont want to listen to emo music and rap lets listen to some glitch mob and more electronic stuff3. customization would have been greatly loved by me at least because then I could make the game my own there would be car cuztomization, gun customization, and more clothing customization4. as cool as chicago was it still lacked in the divercity department I would have liked to see the parts of the city exaggerated for example the shity part of town would look really ♥♥♥♥♥♥ graphity everywhere no cops to be found but in the rich part of town there would be more cops no craphitty huge towering builings mdern art and really rich looking ai5. make aiden pearce a much more interesting character6. have more cops and gang members roaming the streets and have shootings between the two occurTo summerize I loved the game but it did not have things it needed to make it great. size wise it is well worth 59.99$but quality wise it wasnt fully up to pare. I definetly reccommend this game to anyone who can look past this games problems and enjoy it for what it is. I give this game an 8/10"
,Recommended,243470,10270839,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Nhardog,"Tons of fun! Has a lot of activities to keep you occupied after completing parts of the main story. Dynamic events keep you on your toes and the world itself is alive and you integrate into it seamlessly. Options available on your smartphone allow you to take ""digital trips"", equivalent to drugs, throwing you into a hallucination in which you are alone having to fend of robots in the city or piloting a giant space-age mechano-spider tank destroying the city and its police."
76561197967805041,Not Recommended,243470,10508185,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,aokman,DO NOT BUY - Game requires installation of Ubisofts extra software and a seperate login. On top of this the game cannot be played offline with Steam in offline mode. The System requirements clearly state that an internet connection is only requried for multiplayer.
,Recommended,243470,12129055,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,RynnAmes,"Seeing all the other reviews and people's issues with Uplay... I for one have NO issues with Uplay or this game, except for one small thing; the controls for mouse/keyboard are utterly♥♥♥♥♥♥ I resorted to using controller, which I have in handy for console ports like this (other Ubisoft games have terrible mouse/keyboard controls and support).Other than that, people's interpretation of this game are just downright absurd. The game is polished to me, with the exception of the sun breaking into disco mode in certain parts of the game, but everything runs smooth. It's fun wrecking havoc on ctOS and the citizens of Chicago, hacking everyone's personal data, finding Bruce Wayne in the crowd, stealing their money and withdrawing it at a nearby ATM machine. Combat is fun, fluid and doesn't take long before you can master the art of escaping the police or killing bad guys with everything at your disposal.If you don't have at least a decent computer to run this game, you may/may not run into issues; I cannot run this game on max settings, but for HIGH it runs flawlessly. My system specs are;i5-3570k @ 3.40GHz, GTX 760 2GB GDDR5, 16GBs of RAM."
,Not Recommended,243470,10264764,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Spykeeboy,"I enjoy the game, while it is a bit overhyped I somehow managed to avoid ALL media about it except for the 2012 E3 demo. However, it is nowhere near worth the money and is overall very mediocre and not what was promised to the players.PROS of the game:- Good graphics (although nowhere near the E3 2012 demo quality)-New hacking concept is pretty entertaining, especially during car chases and side-quests/collectibles.-Going back to the collectibles, some of those are actually entertaining to collect (e.g. the eavesdropping/spying on random people)-Overall, a lot of content in this game-The game somehow runs at 50-60 FPS on Ultra settings on my Nvidia Geforce GTX 680 AMP! edition and an old 3rd gen i7-930 2.80 GHz (with 10 GB of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ 1333 MHz RAM).CONS:-All of the above gets old very, VERY quickly.-Big letdown in terms of ""unique, living city"" and ""car chases, parkour"". The only parkour in this game includes jumping over a fence or climbing onto a low rooftop through a pre-determined path, the car handling physics feel like I'm playing GTA III (GTA IV is heaps better on PC). The city is by no means ""living"" - again, GTA V has a much better atmosphere to it.-Uninspired, generic vehicles, nothing unique and entertaining.-No hand-to-hand combat system beyond ""press a button to take a guy down before he alerts the others"".-Stealth is very shallow (see the point above), even the hacking doesn't save it.-Terrible, very very generic gunplay (even the ""bullet-time"" doesn't save it) with a mundane collection of weapons.-There is a stupid and completely unnecessary ""reputation system"", which ruins all encounters with the police by making the player ""hated by the public""/diminishing your reputation. In short, you can't even go into a killing spree.-Terrible ragdoll/pedestrian physics. Yet again, GTA IV kicks♥♥♥♥♥in this department.-From what I have heard, the game runs terribly on much better rigs than mine (which is very surprising but unacceptable nonetheless).VERDICT: Get GTA IV and EFLC bundle and be done with it. Much, much, muuch better story, gameplay, driving physics, gunplay, not to mention tons and tons of humour, a big city with far more ""life"" to it, plus the huge potential modding gives it (want to become Iron Man? No problem! Want to have telekinesis? No problem! Want to take a dump in the street and then have a smoke after executing a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥? No problem!)"
,Recommended,243470,11304247,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Gripton,"Lets be honest, this is one of the most talked about games this year. All iv heard is ""ITS AMAZING"". However, as good as the game is. 'Good' being the word i would use, there are a few problems PC gamers may have to deal with, such as if your system runs Crossfire, you have to update your drivers, then disable/re-enable crossfire with a PC restart before stopping some freezing errors. Yes i know your probably thinking ""You need to get a better PC"" let me assure you. I dont, now i have fixed this freezing i average 60FPS on ultra. Everyone loves a freeroam game, but for game like this i would seriously recommend using a Controller. Personally im a Keyboard and Mouse guy, but for games such as this, and GTA when it comes to smooth driving you know you need a controller."
76561198152886343,Recommended,243470,15869357,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,csgoroll.com,I find that this game has a lot to offer but the police racking is a big problembut for peoples that have never played GTA V I think its a very good game
,Recommended,243470,22067492,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Moe,"This game is great, it was a little bit over hyped but still its a great game. It has a okay story but a story that you would actually like to play instead of ♥♥♥♥ing around doing nothing. I rocemmend you purchase this game on♥♥♥♥♥or when its cheaper on steam because then for the price you are paying you get a unbeliveably good game. Game is great."
,Not Recommended,243470,10264565,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Terpki,"Cant't find this game fun, maybe idea is not bad, but... To much interface for me, like almost any other Ubisoft game."
,Recommended,243470,15929715,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,ジャック,5/10 game...
,Recommended,243470,22091552,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,WaffledandDangerous,"I waited to get this game until it was 60% off, because I had read the reviews. After playing it, I honestly regret not getting it earlier for the full price. I read many of the negative reviews, but to be honest, I'm not sure if they're talking about the same game.Pros:-graphics are great and very customizable to your computer's specs-the hacking is awesome-good stealth-lots of weapons-good cover mechanics-great driving (very fun and easy to control)-love the skill tree-story seems very good so far (will update)cons:-Will melt computer with all the graphics settings turned to ultra-somewhat difficult learning curve because it has very realistic vulnerability, you really have to learn to fight strategicaly, stay behind cover, and avoid getting flanked-It may take some adjustment to get it to run nicely. I had a lot of ghosting and screen tearing until I changed GPU buffered frames to 1. Also crashed my computer when I tried running it at highest settings, but that's to be expected.I'm not necessarily saying it's for everyone, but if you want to play GTA meets Splinter Cell meets Deus Ex, then this game is for you."
76561198120377707,Recommended,243470,10407513,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,bitch pudding,this game is the best
,Not Recommended,243470,12324961,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,ZONEcold,So I heard Ubisoft are making Watch_Dogs 2.... Please correct the mistakes made in this terrible game.
76561197976901874,Recommended,243470,10272795,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Booom4ever,"no problem with the game or uplay.game is real fun, you can do a lot of stuff."
,Not Recommended,243470,10857142,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,faLk',"This is my first review so ill keep it short. Watch_Dogs really drew me in at first, but as i played it quickly seemed to lose luster as the tasks seemed more and more repetitive and easy to complete."
,Not Recommended,243470,11937254,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Malacalypse,Waste of money.  The game is boring and the driving mechanics are stupid.
,Recommended,243470,10282960,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,NovaSpectre*,TWO WORDS!!! LOVE IT!!!!
,Not Recommended,243470,10401203,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Snow,Killing a whole armed convoy to knock out a couple people is the most ridiculous mission I've ever seen.Press Q to win.Press M1 if you don't.Repeat.
,Recommended,243470,19894310,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Illuminati Donut,make it on mac
,Not Recommended,243470,10282104,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Bart,"Driving feels flighty, poorly optimized, crashes are frequent, online never finds a match. Story is buttkiss.The hacking is neat, but it most certainly does not make up for the several problems present."
,Recommended,243470,10275078,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,"Johnny, Video, & Game (1985)","I'm pretty sure that none of the people who like the game are writing reviews and that's what's going on. The people who aren't happy probably feel particularly motivated to speak out because 1) it was hyped so much, 2) the delay tends to make people feel like they better have made the game better than perfect with those 6 extra months, and 3) a lot of the problems are technical so you literally have nothing else to do but write a bad review while you wait for a patch.I've only played for a couple hours but this is definitely the exact game I expected, and I think my expectations were pretty high. All the capabilities I expected to have are here - it's basically like GTA with a form of magic. There's also other stuff I really appreciate like the ability to turn off your car and duck to hide, and the numerous different forms of multiplayer. Even the mini-games are better than one would expect - that's not chess you're seeing in the screenshots, it's chess-based puzzles, which are really fun and feel a lot less silly than playing a game in a game that you could just be playing somewhere else.The only downside that I've encountered (since I've gotten lucky with the hardware problems) is the uPlay connection, and even that, I gotta say, has been very minor for me. I had to hit the logon button four times the first time I played. Then it worked, and has worked fine ever since. Multiplayer is dodgy, but it does work - I've never been able to find a game while searching for one but I've been successfully invaded to completion (I loved it) and my friend has done the iPad vs. mode with me (we lost connection before it ended, which did suck, but it was really fun for both of us while it lasted). There's another important point: the stuttering during the driving is not a graphical/hardware problem, it's the uPlay connection being unable to keep up with your character's speed. This is good news to my ears because it means that once the network adapts in a few days or Ubisoft shells out for more servers or whatever, it'll go away. If you really can't stand it (I don't think it's game-breaking, myself), just play in offline mode. You can do that, you know! It's not Diablo 3.Bottom line: I can't imagine implementing the hacking powers better, and overall, it's the best free-roam game I've ever played. Yes, better than Red Dead Redemption (the gunplay isn't as good but that practically goes without saying). I'm really glad I didn't get scared off by this torrent of bad player reviews. The professional critics' reviews are actually more accurate on this one."
76561198119587950,Not Recommended,243470,10293251,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Osama Bin Liftin,"I havent even made it to the title screen yet. Uplay is royaly screwing me, Uplay is so worthless."
,Recommended,243470,10370399,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,UselessBrit!,0/10 No Dogs
76561197975740350,Recommended,243470,10393013,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Ibbos,"Thumbs up and almost with a star on top, for a game with 20+ hours of gameplay.The only 2 bad things i have to say about this game.1. Handling af cars - terrible - You can really feel that it has primarily been made for console. If you take a medium or fast car it will spin the wheels, and the handling through cornes are bad.2. Have to log in to Uplay. - not the brightest idea - When you launch the game through steam it opens UPlay, logs you in there and then you can start the game. This have a couple of annoying facts:  When you play is running evenif you are not running watch_dogs steam will show that you are playing the game. I know this is a tiny thing but it annoyes me. The other thing is that if the Uplays login servers are slow it can take over 1 min before you get in. Still it is a tiny issue but I dont like to waste time to startup a game.I had some issues with game crashes in the beginning, but it was my own fault since i didn't have the latest drivers from AMD. After updating them solved all crashes and lags i had.My rating: 9/10 due to the 2 above mentioned issues."
,Not Recommended,243470,13682751,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,ineedsomenachos,"Personal Rating 5/10 I did review this before with a positive rating but since then changed my mind.Watch_Dogs... sigh* was very disappointed with this game I even bought the Digital Deluxe with Season Pass for $90 Pre-Order.The game was over hyped, and Ubisoft showed off this game with amazing graphics to find out they dummed it down. My machine can handle extreme settings.. So I downloaded what's dubbed as ""The Worse Mod"" which made the game look amazing on my screen, but I did remove it to really feel how the game was intended. But I feel Ubisoft should have left those graphical capabilities in for the people who can run them, that's why we can change that stuff right?Now I understand some people report to have a terrible time even getting it to work, I'm happy to say I did not have no such issue once... Until I tried to record gameplay footage and it kept crashing until I disabled the Uplay OverlayThe game functioned very well with a controller even though periodically I had issues with it acting like I did not have one connected resulting in me playing with a keyboard for a little bit until I decided to restart the game, no big deal to me.GAMEPLAYThe game was hyped up to be this awesome sandbox experience with some free running and hacking elements and I'm sure some people including myself were comparing it to Grand Theft Auto in some to many ways... And truthfully Watch_Dogs falls short by a mile.Hacking is all done with 1 button aside from some minigames which are all the same and quite boringDriving a lot of the cars either feel like boats or like I'm on ice, now after geting the feel of each and every vehicle I got very good at controlling them and they are easily adaptable which is nice. I was saddened that you could not do Drive-Bys instead you had to Race through areas and try to find hack points which the game pretty much told you the opportune time to hack so you never miss (Hack Aimbot is OP) I feel it should be more like a timing event where I have to mentally check it on the map and guess when they run over it.. make it feel more real.To continue on the driving portions they seriously lack, it's either races, chases, escapes, or difficult Point-to-Point trials. Not many escort missions maybe a couple if I can remember them properly.Combat, there's two ways to go about it, stealth or guns blazing... frankly it's easier to mix the two and use the Spec Ops Pistol.. it's literally the only gun I used the whole game and I never bother sneaking past any one because the AI was just dumb in my opinion and were very easy to knock out or kill.I was okay with the small arsenal, I understand the situations and you really don't need a large arsenal like in other gamesAnd even with as much killing as I did, I never lost my Vigilante Rating since the Karma events (which were almost always saving someone from a potential threat) gave so much positive it was counter-intuitive especially since messing up didnt impact you much either, you actually have to work to be a bad individualMinigames, Poker was good when you played honestly instead of cheating with the camera in the room.... The drinking minigames though oh my god the last one, the hard one bits of it were so incredibly hard I rage quit several time (was trying to get all the achievements)Online, ""Just no"" its boring everything but the races is pretty boring.Soundtrack is ""okay"" it's not the best, they should have added more of a variety, I only listen to about 10 songs in the whole game.Earning money, frankly they should just remove money it's too easy when I can just hack someone and earn $12,000 do that for an hour in the rich sections and you can buy everything in the game, I know this because I did it. It's pretty much like the book ""The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo"" where Lisbeth Salander literally made herself a millionaire by hacking for a few minutes... (Great book you guys should read it)STORY: WARNING SPOILERS BE ADVISEDSTORY: WARNING SPOILERS BE ADVISEDSTORY: WARNING SPOILERS BE ADVISEDSTORY: WARNING SPOILERS BE ADVISEDOkay so we have this guy, he does bad things like hack people and people he really shouldn't hack in a city where big brother is always watching with CtoS ""Sigh"" feels like a theme with so many things. But he loses his niece because a stupid hitman messes up his job. So we play as bad guy Aiden Pierce who literally ruins everyone elses lives just to get revenge... in the process does a few good things but mainly bad things... (And on this note he can hack bank accounts and can't even get his nephew a birthday present)Aiden has almost no emotion, players can't connect with him, they can connect more with the girl he meets or the paranoid older guy about mid game (And if you do know the book I mentioned earlier this girl bears much resemblance to Lisbeth Salander except shes acts like a scared child most of the time). I felt more connected to the random events of NPCs in really awkward conversations and events when you spy on people like a creeper.Brings me to another point, Ubisoft said there was little chance to find the same NPC multiple times... I HAD to test this .. I found the exact same person in different parts of the city 67 times and I now have a log of probably a vast majority of NPCsAnd really the rest of the game is pretty self-explanitory from what I mentioned.Ubisoft even went as far to make a DLC where players can do more crappy missions with an alcoholic metal head, okay yes he has more personality but the DLC is equally as boring in my opinion.If they make a Watch_Dogs 2... just please don't unless they fix a lot of things, or Just stick with Assassin's Creed and Far Cry... I suppose though most of us are spoiled by Grand Theft Auto and some of us Saints Row"
76561198148440798,Recommended,243470,13685403,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,RegularGamers,i love this game. will the publisher release the 2nd sequel or keep updating a new mission?
,Recommended,243470,15075540,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Mental Capped Gamer,Not for everone but I did like it alot.
76561198075875158,Recommended,243470,10377988,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Skogan,My apt. buidling looks better in this game then it dose in real life. I need to move.
,Recommended,243470,10584326,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Soleurs,"The game works just fine for me, but only get it if you have an NVIDIA card. AMD cards have overheating and performance problems. Works perfectly on Windows 8.1 on a GTX 880M."
,Not Recommended,243470,10465255,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Arnkh Ghash,Unplayable.
,Recommended,243470,10388466,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,thismeanswar,Singleplayer was enjoyable even though I usually get games for multiplayer. The multiplayer was not working for me until I found a config work around about a week after I had the game. Overall not a bad game but I would not blow money on the extra stuff. I regret dropping $90
,Recommended,243470,10465019,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Troik,"- Summary -I had high hopes for this game when it was announced on the E3 in 2012 and now that I finally played it through, I have to say that I absolutely enjoyed it. Was it everything I had hoped for? No, but it was very solid.- Graphics -Despite all the noise that looked better when it was first introduced, I thought it looked pretty good on a decent machine. I do like the engine and I think they can build on that in future iterations.- Controls -WatchDogs played very well for me on Mouse&Keyboard, but steering a car lacks something, I also tried it with a Joypad but it just doesn’t feel right, maybe it’s just too much GTA5, but I hope they can improve on that.- Story -The Story was entertaining and well played out, even if it’s all just really sad. Out of the 80hours total I played this game, I think I spent maybe 10-12 hours on the story, that isn’t bad but I had hoped for more like 30hours. Maybe future DLCs will get (combined) closer to that number .- TL;DR -Very solid 8/10, hopefully more to come."
,Recommended,243470,10323214,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,RageMax,"""Чем выше ожидания, тем больше разочарование...""Вчера завершил прохождение Watch Dogs и решил поделиться своими впечатлениями. Нельзя не вспомнить историю с отсутствующим exe-шником и отключёнными серверами uplay, что ещё больше разозлило людей. Но объясняется это довольно просто. Все начали предзагрузку и не успели скачать к релизу. Из-за этого файлы просто не были добавлены в очередь, и нужно было всего-навсего проверить кэш. А uplay заработал на следующий день, когда игра была уже почти пройдена.Ну а теперь о самой игре. Первый раз, когда ты заходишь в меню, ты не понимаешь - это лаги или это так задумано. Но я уже знал, что так и задумано и просто начал копаться в настройках. Оптимальный вариант настроек игра предложила отлично, но системные требования для ульт  у этой игры заоблачные. Графическая составляющая игры достаточно хороша на ультах, ну а если играть на средних настройках, то считайте, что вы играете ради сюжета и геймплея. В игре интересный сюжет,  игра проходится на одном дыхании и проработанный до деталей геймплей. Манипуляции с камерами часто заставляют подумать, но всегда можно ворваться с оружием или тихо проникнуть к цели. Так же понравились задания, где нужно было проводить человека, следя за ним с камеры.Сюжет полностью линейный. В игре даётся только одно разветвление, которое никак не влияет на сюжет. Ну и различные ситуации, когда ты что-либо не предусмотрел, немного осложняют игру. В игре неплохой выбор оружия и машин. А вот про машины совсем отдельная история. Физика машин, мягко говоря, ужасна. Но пару уроков вождения и ездить ты уже сможешь. Физика лодок это просто facepalm. Единственный раз, когда она понадобилась, я думал, что врежусь в остров и, таким образом, остановлюсь. Но не там-то было - я его перелетел!Радует большой открытый мир с продуманной детализацией. Можно наблюдать, как город живет. Кто-то фотографируется в парке, кто-то бегает по утрам, а кто-то узнал тебя и второпях делает с тобой селфи. Дорога тоже живет. Случайные аварии, скорые машины на вызове, пробки - все это украшает город.После прохождения кампании, на которую я потратил около 12 часов, я отправился в мультиплеер и он меня порадовал. Присутствуют все режимы, которые можно было придумать: командный захват и удержание файла, взлом 1 на 1, гонки, свободный мир и уход от полиции друга, который играет с ipad. Ему высвечивается вся карта со всеми ловушками и он, управляя вертолетом, кучей машин и заграждениями в стратегическом режиме пытается помешать вам преодолеть маршрут.В целом я не очень ждал релиза этого проекта, но следил за всеми видео и получил хорошую игру в библиотеку steam. Идея реализована отлично, но оптимизация и физика машин желает лучшего. Вердикт: советую. 8,5/10."
,Not Recommended,243470,10296406,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,infinuius,"This game made me pretty upset due to the fact that only one driver source can run the game without problems, i didnt fin this out until i bought the game. I wasted 60 on a game that my computer cant run because my graphics card isnt the one that the game was originally intended for. i have had no problem with any other game on my laptop: Day Z, War Thunder. Games that are played on high Quality. I would love a refund for this piece of crap game. Friends, dont buy it unless you have the right Graphic card."
,Recommended,243470,10305895,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Daegarn,"Pretty cool game if you got the hardware for it. Optimization is pretty crap at the moment but with updated beta drivers my card (MSi R9 290x Gaming 4G) handles this game quite well on ultra. Around 60 fps most of the time so pretty playable. Gameplay is nice and storyline is interesting as well. Only the mssions get very repetetive after a while since they do not innovate very much mission-wise. Most of the missions feel the same and get boring pretty quickly. The online stuff is cool but I could not be bothered with it too much because of the long waiting times, plus you can only run/drive around while queueing up, nothing else. So far for immersion. Combined it is a cool open world game that offers some innovation but not as much as I would have honestly expected."
,Recommended,243470,10488526,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,GIMME DAT MEATBALL,"tl;dr - buy it on salePros:- The story is compelling, and the characters are richly developed- The puzzles are intuitive. Not necessarily easy to solve, but the objectives and controls are clear- The seamless integration of single player and multiplayer is unique and engagingCons:- Uplay. While I did not have any issues with activation or playing the game, I don't especially like that Ubisoft chose to add another layer between the player and the content. It feels like the launch/exit sequences were inserted to show advertising for Ubisoft's other ventures.- I did not see any value in buying the Deluxe edition over the Standard edition. The Deluxe bonus missions were not compelling, and seemed to involve a drastic jump in difficulty.Final verdict: buy it on sale. The game is good, and the faults I noticed were purely technical."
76561198038542513,Recommended,243470,10330940,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Old Man Mordaith,"I was worried picking it up. I had heard a lot of negative reviews so far. I am happy to see them unfounded. Could the release have gone smoother? Absolutely. People need to stop pre-ordering games, so the companies will have a need to release them in working condition.Graphics are fantastic. Runs smoothly on my system. Multiplayer is seemless, to the point that I didn't realize I was actually playing multiplayer.The game is great. Way better than GTA. I just am disgusted with the pre-order bs, the stupid amount of 'exclusive' content just for special editions, and DLC announced after the first week. This crap should have all been included in the game.So. Game? 10/10.Company Practice? 2/10"
76561197982348134,Not Recommended,243470,10298127,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,FRaG:. Seb,this game -_- to say that its ready to play is epic fail the game is so badly optimized that i can set every ting on low and it stil lagg when i drive a car or when i start to run freez lagg 24/7 and i use gtx 780 oc 3gb i5 2500k 3.30  16 gb of ramand stil  lagg on the lowest seting just shows it i advice you to not buy this game until they fix this♥♥♥♥♥
76561198104867874,Not Recommended,243470,10298995,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,BusTheMove,i cant even play it. it keeps crashing my pc not happy
,Recommended,243470,10704677,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Numaticin,"Well, It's certainly a massive disappointment for PC gamers at least, However, it's not a terrible game. The gameplay is solid, the driving is arcade-y and not incredibly realistic. It will take some time to get used to. The cover system is actually very nice and responsive. The shooting is decent so no real argument about the gameplay itself. But Ubisoft downgraded this game and it has very much affected my trust in the company (Not that I had all that much to begin with). The optimisation is abysmal and even on a beast of a PC it runs below 60 FPS. In short, sure it’s a good game, but it’s not a great game. Also I hate Uplay as much as the next man but it’s not all that bad. 6/10"
,Recommended,243470,10350628,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Dok,"While the game is enjoyable, it gave you to much to fast. You really didnt have to explore. It shows you were to go if you want something to do. Exploreing a new world is part of the fun in an openworld game. If the map is shown to fast it takes away enjoyment of exploring. After playing the game I cant really remember any of the locations names. If someone was to ask me to say the first thing that came to mind if they said ""Riften, Whiterun, or Solitude"" I would respond with Skyrim. I explored those cities and did plety there to have it form a memory of it. In Watch_Dogs this exploration was lacking. Once you unlocked a CTOS tower it showed you everything there was to do in that area. Eliminating any need to go find out what was there for myself.Other then the Silver platter of here's what you need to do. The game was very fun to play."
,Recommended,243470,10413750,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,[Op]Awesome™,"GTA, with elements of Assassin's Creed, Splinter Cell, and awesomeness!"
76561197965396103,Recommended,243470,10364998,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Catstronaut,"The storyline was fairly gripping, and really made me want to continue along the campaign route, yet there are LOTS of little side missions and extra content.  (Granted, most of them are the same mission over and over, except in different locations and the baddies have alternate outfits)Without giving away any real spoilers, the ending is... less than fulfilling.The controls take some getting used to, since hacking a persons information, turning all the traffic lights green, or exploding a giant steampipe are all the same button (default: Q), you occasionally aim the mouse just a liiiiittle bit to the side, and end up killing a bunch of innocents, rather than downloading someones song they had on their phone.The driving is a bit of a chore to get used to, you so much as tap the forward button and you're FLOORING IT.  With time, you end up getting used to it and car chases are nearly as much fun as they are in Grand Theft Auto games.Overall it's a decent title, and I enjoyed playing it.  Replay value for the storyline?  None, but the multiplayer modes are fairly fun, if not infuriating when you frequently get disconnected or they change the hosts location, thus dropping a bunch of players  (Hard coding is hard.)I'd say play it, but probably not for 60 bucks.  Hack on, ladies and gents."
,Not Recommended,243470,11449704,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Miller™,I dont recommend this game to people with amd and lower then Intel Core 7 its unplayable for those peopleRemember i dont recommend this game if you cant stand  the lag
,Not Recommended,243470,11450302,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Nimtolien Lairion,"The idea for this game sounds amazingly fun and original, but don't be fooled!  There so many things wrong with this game that it makes it unbearable to play whenever driving, shooting, escaping, hacking and sneaking are involved.  Do not buy this game, instead watch a let's play on Youtube."
,Recommended,243470,10275194,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Simvolick,Good game
,Recommended,243470,11365380,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,InferiorPower,"Many people reviwing this game say that it doesn't meet the hype, is not up to what was promised, etc. That is quite true.However, exploring Watch Dog's Chicago is very entertaining. Here is my breakdown of the pros and cons of the game.Pros:-Entertaing gameplay, espically with a friend-Great multiplayer, kept me going on this game well after finishing every side mission-Lots of NPCs. Generic, space-filling NPCs, but they make it feel like a real city-Wide variety of guns and tools to suit any playstyle-Great grapics. Not what we were promised, but still amazing-Mother♥♥♥♥ing Spider TankCons:-Some side activites feel forced, like they were put in so Ubi could say they had X many activties-Money is too easy to get. I had every item purchased halfway through the story-Ammo is never a concern. They may has well have given you infinite ammo-Some weapons are blatantly better than others-Unless you have a friend to play with, after completing the game there isn't too much replayability sans multiplayer-Cops have... Strange aggro systems. Smash ten people with a car? Fine. Pull out a gun in a back ally? All of Chicago is on youUplay has never irritated me, it is a minor inconvience, but not enough to stop me from enjoying the game. I highly reccomend this game to people looking for a different open world experience. Once you beat the game, jump into multiplayer (I think online hacking is the best mode). If a friend has the game, do some free roam PvP. Alot of the fun in Watch Dogs comes from creating your own situation. The game itself lacks polish, but through player interaction in PvP you can enjoy it greatly. Final opinion: 8.5/10 Good game with great ideas."
76561198082494735,Recommended,243470,11580163,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,HåQiN,"I see that many people dislike this game, but I can't see why. There are some bugs, but when you get past that; you get an amazing game, with fun gameplay, and characters that are likeable. To anyone buying this game: it's a great game, but many people dislike it because of uplay and bugs, but I say if you are thinking about it; BUY IT! You can see i have quite a few hours logged, I might just think this is one of the best games I have ever played."
,Recommended,243470,11156147,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Fell Presidenté!,"This review was written just after finishing the main story. This is a great game, despite some technical flaws and having to put up with UPlay.All in all, the story is good, despite the odd moments where you feel disconnected, but it does have a proper ending and build up, you end up liking the characters and being pulled in.Gameplay is solid, gun fights flow well (Despite the AI being so cautious and aim-bot like) so you have some fun, the car chases are where the game shines, though eventually it becomes monotonous.I'm interested to now go explore the side missions and see what the DLC has to offer.In conclusion, great game, would reccomend."
,Not Recommended,243470,10278350,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,BoredTaco,"This game is a technical disappointment and very unimaginative. Graphics/physics are pitiful compared to what was advertized a year ago, and compared to several other contemporary games."
76561197988331584,Recommended,243470,10335977,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,natb1*BK*,if your pc can run this. i highly recommend this game. its awesome
76561198105291637,Recommended,243470,10257077,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,DatGoonerNathan,This game is amazing once you can play it. I actually spent nine hours getting this to work. If you have aan AMD graphics card you will probably struggle unless you update your drive plus it averages at about 25 fps which is awful. On the bright side the gameplay is very enjoyable and the idea of it is unique making it excellent. This game would probably be better on console especially if you have an AMD graphics card. Overall I would give it a 7.5/10.
,Not Recommended,243470,10527903,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Drizzt,Just don't.
,Not Recommended,243470,10481434,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Morty,It's meh.
,Not Recommended,243470,10324346,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Twayd,"Only get this if you have an Nvidia card because I'm being forced to buy another card so I can play this ""amazing"" game. I am not exactly buying the card just for this piece of garbage, according to like, everyone. Instead I am buying it because all of the next-gen games that are being introduced to  PC and I would kind of like to play them. When I say next-gen, please don't think next-gen COD because they're getting so repetitive that it feels as if the game devs of COD are insane. Sorry for the rant, but overall this game is less functional than a dead horse."
,Recommended,243470,10562923,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,worthless,"Junk food of a game, it is filling, but you feel dirty after playing it."
76561198093995190,Recommended,243470,10569245,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,captainblobfish,fudging fabulous
,Not Recommended,243470,10339856,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Spidarmen,"Save game was corrupted ~ Act III, and can no longer play. Also corrupt save was uploaded to Uplay. Thanks Ubi!"
,Recommended,243470,11764169,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,MiniMerc meatspin.com,"It was a fun game I wan't so big on the multiplayer and all the talk about it, but the story was pretty good and I enjoyed it!"
,Not Recommended,243470,11226299,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,GrizzlyBearr,"This game is a joke. So much of a joke that i would ask for a refund.Ubisoft downgraded the PC Graphics because the consoles didnt have the specs.Aiden Pierce is the most boring character in the WHOLE GAMEI find reading civi bios more fun then knowing more about pierce.The Story: 9/10 Is one of the only good things in this game. (reminder) the story is 40h+ longI do not recommend this game, Buy it if you wish,There was too much hype for this game.There is a Skill Tree used to get more hacks and increase health,accuracy and recoil."
76561198069101240,Recommended,243470,10260266,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Mollywhop,I admit uplay isnt great but the game is fantastic ive had so much fun hacking into peoples lives and finding out what goes on in chicago. The story line has kept me into the game. havent had any frame drops that other people have had and i think i will glady spend alot of time playing this game.
,Recommended,243470,27564462,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,M1racl3,"It is, indeed, a great game to buy for. If you are into puzzles or strategy, I recommend this game"
,Recommended,243470,10256440,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,TheBatDoc,"I do not understand all those Negative Reviews.Certainly it may not run on AMD cards, which I find hard to believe, it does run perfectly smooth on my GeForce GTX760.I had none of those crashes mentions, all the videos and audio tracks worked.So far, I enjoy the game a lot. I would give it a 9 out of 10.Do buy if:-You are into games like Assassin's Creed (Climbing/Hiding/Distracting),Far Cry (Upgrading Skills),GTA (A lot of Vehicles and driving)-You have an Nvidia Graphics CardDo not buy if:-You have an AMD Graphics Card-You did not like any of the above mentioned games."
76561197961972443,Not Recommended,243470,13656183,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,thefinn,"Kinda boring game, typical ubisoft story..."
,Recommended,243470,11879331,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,SIDESTEAL,"This game cost me £1,545It was worth it."
76561198100650231,Not Recommended,243470,10350082,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,KadinAndre,"Once it looks like E3's gameplay in 2012, and runs well on higher end PCs. I'll recommend it. Until then, don't waste your money on this broken game."
76561198116137363,Not Recommended,243470,10281155,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Spexguy16,"That first level is a doozy, I've been at it for almost an hour and I can't seem to get past that Uplay Login Boss Battle."
,Recommended,243470,10349458,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Mr. DudeBro,"Made it to act two, blue screen. Re tried and made it to act three, blue screen10/10 would start over again."
76561198046262767,Recommended,243470,10350018,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Gornagik,"Top 2 open world games ever made. The other being spiderman 2. Great aesthetics, chasing collectibles is a pleasure, not a chore. Game mechanics are great, only issure is car damage is a little too forgiving especially on motorcycles but that's nitpicking. Multiplayer is great and immersive. 5/5"
,Recommended,243470,10388916,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,500midgets,"Watch Dogs was over hyped to hell and I knew that it would never live up to what people thought it would be. But i have been having tons of fun with this game and would highly recommend and if you're not too interested, wait for a sale! Runs alright on my computer, about 40-50fps average on ultra, but has a stuttering problem. There is also a lot of repetitveness in the missions but the game never really bored me. Enjoyed the story missions and I think the side missions and mini games are fun enough to 100% it. I will be going for the 100% in game and in uplay. I hope this review helped and you guys enjoy the game too!"
76561198026929000,Recommended,243470,10409989,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Anode,"this is a great game that grows on you the more you play it, there is plenty of things to do. IT is gta with a differnt take on things graphics are great considering everything that is going on, there are so many negative reviews on this game obviously down to ppl not having the system to run the game in high or ultra, i am running it on i7 quad core 16gbram an nvidia 4gb. it runs fine on high. yes uplay lets it down but defo worth a play."
76561197964630687,Recommended,243470,10290170,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,The mysteriou$ lemon,"Overall, this is a great game.  BUT, there are some things that hold this game back.  The big one, and probably this most known problem, is, you guessed it, the ♥♥♥♥ing uplay.  Uplay is pretty much Ubisofts attempt to make something like steam, and of course it went terribly wrong.  Seriously, I dont get why they keep trying it.  There was so much hype for the multiplayer but it just didnt live up to it.  All because of the goddamn uplay system.  The story is pretty generic, it has its moments, and has some emotional impact.  But it starts off a little weird, Aiden Pearce is already a hacker, and they dont really give you an idea about HOW he became a hacker and why.  The story is ok, could be better.  Of course though, the reason why ALL of us buy this game, is for the hacking and multiplayer.  I mean lets face it, thats badass.  Probably one of my favorite mechanics is focus.  Its a lot like bullet time in max payne except you cant really dodge bullets.  You can though shoot grenades and stuff out of the air which is awesome.  So the big problem is basically just uplay.  Uplay is a pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥ system, I think most would agree with me on that.  Thats one of the only setbacks in the game, I havent really found any other ones.  Overall though I do enjoy this game, but luckily Ubisoft has announced that they will fix the multiplayer soon so there is hope for multiplayer still.  Seriously though, Ubisoft has got to just let steam do the multiplayer stuff in their games.  Anyway, I reccomend this game if possibly having multiplayer not work isnt a huge problem for you."
76561198057742330,Not Recommended,243470,11078143,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,axellink,"let's get this out of the way first, watchdogs isn't a bad game. this game was way just way over hyped and it was impossible for it to live up to expectations. The game under delivers in every aspect that we were promised. The game still has its fun to be had and I think it'll be more enjoyable once they fix a lot of the bugs that it has.when the game works it runs really well and it is a really pretty game. When it's all said and done I wouldn't recommend this game at full price I would wait for to drop to like $30, is just not worth it at $60."
,Recommended,243470,12066585,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Hotfoot,"To start things off, I only recommend this game if you like open-world games and you have the system to run it.  If you like open world games like GTA, Saint's Row, and the like, you should enjoy this game.I liked this game, but it plays to my sensibilities.  I like stealth, I like being clever and sneaky and I love cyberpunk.  Make no mistake, this game is a cyberpunk game wearing a modern day skin.  You are a Netrunner, a Slicer, a Decker.  You have cybernetic enhancements that let you wirelessly control the world around you.  You can slow time down with enhanced reflexes.  You're an Edgerunner (or Shadowrunner, if you prefer).  The game calls you a ""Fixer"", but that's just another synonym.  You fight evil corporations, corrupt politicians, and criminal organizations in a quest for revenge.  It's so Cyberpunk it almost hurts that there's no chrome or neon in sight.Would this game have been better as a proper cyberpunk game?  Maybe, maybe not.  Updating the cyberpunk look to the modern day is hardly a terrible idea, and more people likely played it as a result.  That said, let me get to what I liked and didn't like about this game.Pros:-The city is large, and yet varied.  You have the financial districts, the dock area, the industrial zone, the residential suburbs, the inner city slums, and the oddly rural region of Pawnee, all of which give you a lot of variation in where you go and how it looks.  Having been to Chicago, I'm pretty sure they scaled the whole thing down, but that's always difficult to tell when you spend most of the game blasting through the streets at 80 MPH.  This though, is to be expected, but what is nice is the degree of access you have to buildings, tunnels, and the trains.  I'm still waiting on the game that gives me full access to these things, but Watch Dogs has a decent selection at least.-The Hacking is really cool.  You can do a lot of fun and creative things with the tools at your disposal, and the other toys you get, like the communications jammer, the blackout hack, and the noisemaker are a lot of fun as well.-Combat works too.  You can go quiet or you can go loud, it's your choice, and the result can change the game's experience for you.  I found it usually more fun to sneak around, use hacks, and outsmart the AI, but blasting through them can be pretty satisfying as well.-The game is very pretty, especially after downloading the graphics ""patch"".  Before that, it was just decent looking, but after, it was marvelous.-Invasions are tremendously fun and a great way to break up the missions.  The multiplayer in general is a good amount of fun, but it has some drawbacks.  Fortunately, it's more fun than it's not.-The soundtrack has some great songs in it and the ability to set your own playlist, while not that intuitive, let you set up everything rather nicely.Cons:-Combat + Stealth is perhaps too easy.  Silenced weapons and decent stealth techniques result in trivial combat most of the time.  Once I got the silenced pistol, never mind the silenced assault rifle and submachine gun, the need to pull off clever tricks in fights was limited to just about never.-Money is not an issue.  Early on you may scrape by for cash, but a couple of upgrades into cash hacking and some rich jerks later, and you're rolling in it.  I started leaving behind $1,000 prizes at hotspots for other players just because I couldn't spend it on anything more if I wanted to.  I stopped hacking people's bank accounts unless the profiler told me they were particularly contemptable individuals.-Clothing is weak.  Nearly all of the outfits are just reskins of the main outfit Aiden wears with the coat and the ballcap.  Not cool.  The best clothing option is the one with the fedora that makes you look like you're out of some Noir story, which fits the theme of the game much more closely.  But seriously, there are something like thirty outfits and they're ALL JUST RESKINS.  That's unacceptably lazy.  Of course, I got all the ones I could because I was looking for excuses to burn money.-Gun Selection is...decent.  Honestly though I just didn't care much about some of the guns.  Silenced Weapons were so good that basically anything else didn't matter.  I mean, sure, if you want to run around and do a GTA styled rampage with the semi-automatic grenade launcher, you can, but your reputation goes down the tubes, and that's about all it's good for.  You can't carry enough ammo for the really devestating stuff, and the cops never call the national guard on you or anything, so the need for the heavier hardware is limited.-The story is, at best, decent.  You will find no grand revelations here, just the usual ""Man has been done wrong, gets revenge by doing more wrong.""  Even if you max out your vigilante meter, there is a shockingly good case for you being the bad guy here.  Also, it's predictable and boring at parts, and the few times it appears to give you a moral choice ultimately don't matter until the very end of the game.-Lack of feeling like you control the narrative.  This is about player agency, and I know, big deal, the story is linear, and they don't really hide this.  From mission one, you are given a cutscene that puts you in control of the character, but you really have no control.  If you don't do the thing you're supposed to do, the game doesn't progress.  This happens multiple times throughout the game, where I am not given a choice in what to do, but at the end of the game, I finally get a choice.  Maybe that's a grand statement about something in the narrative, but I couldn't help feel cheated that moments like that didn't help define the game.-Music selection is limited and there are a good number of songs that aren't that great.  That's personal preference, but what do you want?-People cheat online and there's no in-game way to report them, even through Uplay.  You have to remember the cheater's name and make a ticket submission through ubisoft's support.  Weak.  It's really bad when people have aimbots and invulnerability cheats on for singleplayer that then get transferred to multiplayer.-Every collectable and side mission is basically skippable.  Most are fun, and they're all marked on the map and relatively easy to collect, but it is always somewhat annoying when you go through the trouble of picking up all the audio logs in the game and then do the story and are surprised by things you already know.-Game needs a fan-made graphics patch to turn on features disabled for reasons knowable only to the developers at Ubi, though I can guess.  Either way, it was a bad idea and I'm going to dock them for it.Conclusion:There's a lot I'm critical of here, and probably some points that I missed, but all that said, it is a fun game.  It's just difficult to put points like ""It's like GTA but pretty and with hacking and gunplay and invasions"" without just sounding tired.  Like I said, it's a GTA styled game and if you like those you'll probably like this one, go play it.  If you like the idea of cyberpunk no matter the window dressings, get this game, you'll probably enjoy the hell out of it.  If you do not like open world action games or cyberpunk, skip it.  There's really nothing here for you."
76561198066209629,Not Recommended,243470,12035169,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Regnilla,Do not purchase this game.  It is unplayable due to Ubisoft not caring.  Wait until it's fixed or better yet just forget about it all together.
76561197996719232,Recommended,243470,10800914,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Peregrin,"Laggy as fk, but y'know, its fun to a point. That point happens to be 12 hours in, when you finish the storyline and there's three types of side-quests left. Beautiful game, especially with E3 2012 turned on."
76561198012058611,Recommended,243470,10269063,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,S T F U,"Running it with Nvidia and this game is really legit, I'll call it Assassin's theft cell"
76561198039341682,Recommended,243470,10333290,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Pússukljúfur a.k.a Hugi,"Ok so i really enjoyed the game myself but i get where people are going with the hype. It was hyped to much by Ubisoft and they failed to deliver what they promised. I finished the story line in like 24 hours and no i did not play it for 24 hours straight.I think the story was too short and it should have been at least 40 hours. There is very little to do after you finish the story even the online free roam is really boring with no things to do at all. Lets not start about uplay a horrible service by Ubisoft which i think they did just to screw us over. I recommend this game to people who like good stories and dont want to do any thing else. My rating for Watch Dogs is a 6,5/10And English is not my native language so sorry if i misspelld something."
,Recommended,243470,10497364,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,A S H A R U B E N D Y,Stole money from a man with cancer. 10/10
76561198072427053,Recommended,243470,11127478,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Echodamus,"To get the basics out of the way: Is it a good game? Yes. Did it live up to the hype? No, but nothing really every does fully meet the hype around it. Does Ubisoft suck for nerfing it? Yes. Does Uplay still suck? Duh. Is it worth getting? Yes.Very quickly I could reconize that this game was made by Ubisoft. If you look at their two flagship series (IMO) Assassins Creed and Far Cry, its very obvious, and almost too simular. You climb towers/buildings to unlock ""vision"" in an area, a variety of ""main"" sidequests and then others that are fairly irrelivant (i.e. Hard drives in WD and the little statues in FC3), half way through the game money isn't a problem, even T-Bone and Hurk are one and the same between the games. The same goes for assassins creed mechanics, but I played Far Cry 3 more recently so its easier to draw the comparisons to Far Cry 3. All in all, the mechanics are very simular between the games, so much so that they just feel the same, like clones of each other. And if they are copying so much over from other games, I expect that would be very refined, and it isn't, but that brings me to my next point.The mechanics of the game are awful, they really hinder from having a good, fun, and fullfilling emersive experience. The game almost requires a controller over keyboard/mouse due to the driving and stealth mechanics. I get that it is very hard to overcome with a keyboard and mouse, but it really feels like they didn't even try, the controls are just awful. Next, the thrid person camera doesn't track properly, expecially when driving. It can sometimes be the most difficult aspect of fighting a enemy. But lets go back to the driving mechanics for one moment, and I this also ties into the A.I. as well. How is it when I am in the fastest car in the game, a police SUV and catch up to me? Or how they won't break the law and won't drive on a sidewalk, but running people over to try to push me into a wall is completely fine? The morality of the A.I. in the game is laughable, and when a game revolves this much around morallity, it needs to be spot on to not be a joke, which it is. Speaking of fighting... it isn't horrible. You have the typical stealth vs run and gun and everywhere in between (like other Ubisoft games, go figure). One sometimes can't kill the person, they have to ""take down"" the enemy, although they don't make it very clear whether or not one is allowed to just kill an enemy, which can be frustrating. The enemies are also blind as a bat, which I guess is added in there to make it easier, but the vision system is still poorly done, especially compared to Ubis other games. All in all, most of the mechanics are at least slightly broken, some of them just about ruin the game (like driving) but for the most part they aren't bad enough to ruin the game completely, as you can see by how many hours I racked up.They story is pretty good. Voice acting is very strong, and so are the personalities. I would have liked T-Bone to be around earlier in the game for good comedic relief, but thats very minor. But, everything was predictable (which is what makes a good story nowanddays), which I saw coming, but even still, there was no suprise or shock left in it, nothing really got at my emotions. I did enjoy making the choice at the end (again, very similar to FC3, come on Ubi, diversify, you can do it!) so I am glad they included that. The story was good, worth at least two play throughs, Jordi really made it for me, I just wish he had a bit more comedy (or a chance to entertain in place of T-Bone) but still, a good and worthwhile story.The online I didn't play much of because I can't stand it, its terrible IMO. Wasn't worth messing with.Side-quests and mini games: I don't really care for the mini-games and digital trips, but thats just me. The fixer contracts for the most part were fun, others very frustrating (and in a bad way, its no like they made it difficult, it was just a lack of refinement. Things that could have been ironed out but weren't) but for the most part a possitive experience. That various gang side missions were fun, they were enjoyable and well done, they had a range of enviroments to make it a fresh experience everytime.Would I recommend this game? Obiviously, yes, thats what I voted on. It may seem like I am really down on the game, but thats just because Ubisoft backed themselves into a corner in a lot of ways. Its fun, worth a play through or two, but it could have been so much better with just a little bit of refinement around the edges. It makes me sad to see the potential in the game compared to what it is. That being said, its a good game, but should be a great one."
,Recommended,243470,13839841,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Frenoir,this game got a bad rap for being unoptimized and graphically unimpresive after the e3 hype when it was announced. But that didnt take away from my experiance it still was to me a graphically impresive game people hyped this game up alot and it suffered from it the same thing happend with the crew and the critics are not helping either they are being to critical. sure there are games that absolutly terrible but this game was also released around GTA V and was compared to it and in some aspects yes they are similar but then again they are not.
,Recommended,243470,13856870,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,The Doctor,"Great game! Brings you into the world of hacking and bypassing. Although the only thing wrong with the hacking is you cannot hack in seconds, you need hours, or even months to, this was done in order to make the game more fun."
76561198035512666,Recommended,243470,13878198,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,SKIAAAAA,Story was predicatble and boring but gameplay was fun :D
,Recommended,243470,13913317,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Stu-Pot,"Pretty good, sort of a weak story but I liked the voice actors and acting. I'd say buy it on a sale."
,Recommended,243470,13915139,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,JohnnyVicious66,"It is not as fun as expected but still nice, got overhyped and played through pretty fast."
,Recommended,243470,10388785,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Nexxarian,"Hey, I don't see why this game is getting so much hate. I enjoy it. I'vep layed the campaign and plan on getting T-Bone's campaign, too. I think it's a great game, and will last you a little while (unless you played it like 10 hours a day like me lol)."
76561198081277296,Recommended,243470,11334747,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,alexroyleger,"Hit chick with car, with stage 4 Leukimia. 10/10"
76561198041770092,Recommended,243470,10335524,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Gloomy,Like Skyrim with amoral hacking and yiffing11/10
76561198051893211,Recommended,243470,11313721,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Jollytjerry11,GTA made sexy.
,Not Recommended,243470,10821486,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Garkair,"Awesome game, but one problem....It is horribly optimized for PC and it is Ubisoft first game to be known to get a graphics downgrade to try and put the consoles and PC to look similar.Do not buy until it is fixed or optimized if you dont have a beefy GPU."
76561198076851388,Recommended,243470,10694482,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,TheZachman18,"I'm having lots of fun with this game! Even it lags at times, it's still a lot of fun!"
,Recommended,243470,12703468,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,peps,its not bad anymore. definitely worth it
76561198134805992,Not Recommended,243470,10270373,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Damien,I dont know if anyone else has this problem but when i play this game i can run on ultra no problem but while im playing the game screen will go white or black an then come back and the screen flickers black this is the only game i have this problem with an i really like this game to hope they fix it or thats $60 down the drain.
76561198012043858,Recommended,243470,10281306,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,dEacAN,"I'm really enjoying this game. The vast city of Chicago recreated is fascinating. Just strolling on the streets, everywhere I turn I see various npcs going about their own lives almost unique in what they are doing. The multiplayer gameplay is also unique and fun. So far I've experience no crashes. I had stuttering, but after updating the latest drivers by Nvidia, It got rid most of the stutters. There's still issues with it but I'm still having quite a lot of fun with this game. I'm optimistic that Ubisoft will issue out patches to fix some of the issues. But for now they don't really pose much in making the game unplayable. My rig runs on Intel i7 4770k coupled with 8gb RAM with a GTX 770 2gb for a GPU."
,Recommended,243470,10485525,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Kadayi,"A lot of potential, but sadly saddled with an incoherent storyline that often runs counter to events in the game world that demonstrates a lack of consistent directorial overview coupled with way too many repetitive rinse & repeat missions to be considered a must play/classic. Certainly worth playing because of the things it does well, but don't expect to be blown away by it. 7/10"
,Not Recommended,243470,10827356,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,negikogok,"Nice open world, nice concept...... but a broken storytelling and a ending that just tells you ""we are making Watch Dogs 2"""
,Recommended,243470,11563924,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,『 Renegade』,"This game was fun i love what Ubisoft does with there games this was a normal game (glitches, bugs) you name it but other than that this was a really nice game i would recommend this game to other people the only thing i had wrong with my game was frames...I have a kickass system (I wont put every spec) all im going to say is i have a titan and i ran this game at 40fps sometimes 50 and i would freeze at times but other than that loved the game."
,Not Recommended,243470,10642836,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,[MVG] Legend,"Watch_Dogs had a great story, and lots of side missions to keep you playing after end game but It wasn't very well optimized for PC at all, also the graphics were not what we were promissed from E3 2012, with a mod get the E3 textures, it should be set as the default textures anyway."
,Not Recommended,243470,10287107,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,DirtyMeatSack,"You can find ""pillz"" and use them to make drugs in the game that keep you awake.Ok seriously I doubt anybody has as much time as me in this game so here goes.1. You can't shoot while driving.  while this is boring, well its just boring.2. Its not GTA.3. The games charecter is bland to make gamers think they are Clint Eastwood4. Uplay works fine.5. The driving is easy in this game, why would anyone complain.6. Who cares if it has bland guns, I like to shoot people, don't you?7. If you have graphical issues eitherA; Turn the settings downB; Get better hardwware, orC; Shut the ♥♥♥♥ up8. Ya the missions are repetative, but isn't your job and life?"
76561198058905995,Recommended,243470,10307722,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Mithos237,"My First impression:REALLY REALLY LAGGY.See, im a stupid person. i decided to get it on my computer with a dual core, nvidia geforce 720m and it runs extremely slow. you need at least a quad core for this came. But although i do only have a dual core, all on low, i do run 40 frames per second. it just isint the best to look at, with cars being rendered 20 feet ahead of you.At first i was like eh this is ok, but over time ,i did several different things1. hack into somebodys house2. hack a tower3. punch an old lady in the face with my baton4. found a beautiful man with a third nipple5. found the jesusmobile6. STILL admired the graphiccs even on lowi did a ton of  the side missions even though i just started playing, such as online hacking contracts, invading privacy, preventing crimes, and chasing down criminalsi get it what people say about the hype. but guys, this game, looks like its going to be alot of fun. this 2.5 hours has been the bet i have ever had in a video gamei rate it a  8/10. Uplay sucks. it'll get better over time, though!"
,Not Recommended,243470,10493276,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Julianne Stingray,"Why I HATED Watch_Dogs-Repetitive Gameplay-Horrible Voice actors-2D Characters (Not much personality)-Main characters seemed like they didn't exist until you actually need them-Last Boss is ""Press Q"" ""Press E"" ""Click""-Pointless moral system-No blind fire, or hip fire-All vehicles felt like they were built like sports cars- The game has Diane Young from Vampire Weekend-Gun store is USELESS! (You can loot weapons, and keep them from dead bodies.)-Horribly overpowered helicopters-Boats don't explode-No cops on water-Cops don't arrest (""You have the right to remain silent- Ah ♥♥♥♥ it, you're dead!"")-No jumping in parkour (Only climbing and falling, and vaulting)-Using alot of the same guns from Far Cry 3 (Not bad, but come on.)-L Trains stop completely when you move in front of them-Cops don't come unless civilians call police-HOBOS CAN CALL THE COPS-Useless traps-Horrible ending mission (Way to difficult.)-Can't hack things while chasing Defalt-No radio stations, just play lists-Have to find some music to get it-Game soundtrack (Not counting playlist music) is just plain bad-Some main missions have the same mechanics as side missions-Jordi sniper support is uselessBut finally, I have some pros to the game-Neat looking safehouses-A hidden easter egg named ""Uninstall the game"" Found in your steam menuI think I'm done."
,Recommended,243470,10251778,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Yashabo,"Fun game so far but it lags pretty bad when Im driving, walking it lags as well but nothing I cant deal with.***USES UPLAY DRM*** Shouldnt need to put this but I will. Any Ubisoft game is going to require UPLAY so if you don't like it dont buy from Ubisoft. I dont mind the UPLAY but I wish they would have optimized their games better. I had similar issues with Stick of truth but it was Audio not Graphical issues.I think Aiden must have explained my lag issues to CTOS because while driving I ran over a dozen civs and no police action was taken. Thank you to CTOS for understanding those deaths were caused by Ubisoft not me, the blood is on their hands.A guy walked up to me on the streets and asked for tree fiddy. I said get out of here !! You not fooling nobody lochness monster now I aint giving you no tree fiddy ya hear?!"
,Recommended,243470,11677553,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,4iY,"Игра конеечно не идеальна! Я и не ожидал другого! Начнем с плюсов.....+Игра захватывает(в принципе)+больше нет!Минусы(!)-физика так себе-геймплей однотипный-сюжет не очень(убили родственника и теперь я должен всех убить, чтобы узнать кто(Морис))-на русской версии для взлома нам показываются непонятные буквы(перейдите на англ. интерфейс-и поймете!)Больше не знаю что еще написать.Итог- 7/10"
,Not Recommended,243470,11787948,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Aflynnk,i cant even play it so no
,Recommended,243470,10309121,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,S. J. Renwood,"Watch_Dogs is a well made piece of story telling, with characters who fill in their positions very well, both infuriating you and others you want to team up with and hang on to them throughout the game. It electrifies you with the tumultuous sneaking/gun blazing/hacker's playground play style with a nearly polished finish. The story is well thought out, but all in all lacks real imagination, emulating The Punisher, or the better known Max Payne franchise and the game has a constant feel of an Assassins Creed air. Watch_Dogs is so close to these it's difficult not to see the similarities.Where Watch_Dogs is lacking is in the poignancy of events(linear play style). This I think comes from the stiff interaction the main character (Pierce) has with the NPCs he teams up with to defeat the antagonists. The problem is not with the characters or their portrayal, but with how Pierce invites them and then simply forgets them. The game tends to rip them away just as the player begins to get a feeling for the NPC. This casts them as if they're an after thought. This especially impacts the game when very interesting characters come along, leaving an unpleasant hole where interaction seems appropriate. At the end we're left with only the main character and the careless city's AI along with the randomly occurring events for activity. The next hang up is with the driving mechanics. They are pretty bad, and it's unfortunate since the game requires a car to get around the expansive city. I've played around 40 hours and completed the main story. I suggest this game, but the amount of hype and chatter this game came packaged with was misplaced."
,Not Recommended,243470,11400608,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,SmallPlague,"It's fun for a couple hours but the story isn't very interesting and the playable character is EXTREMLY bland... I did have a lot of fun with the multiplayer however, which is where most of my game hours came from... Overall I got sucked into the hype and I hope the same doesn't happen to you."
,Not Recommended,243470,11417594,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,nSi,"My review is simple, NO because you need to download a mod to get e3 graphics"
,Not Recommended,243470,10325117,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Happy1Z,well i cant evem activate game
76561198079457394,Recommended,243470,10306649,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,TeamSpeakLoser,"ive only played a little over 2 hours but reading the reviews i figured this game was going to suck, crash and probably not work but its acctually great i didnt have any of the problems other people were having the graphics were great and the gameplay is terrific. im running on high settins with a Nvidia GeForce 750 ti, i7@3.70ghz with 24 GBs of ram"
,Recommended,243470,10283526,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,xxephon,"You need to buy this game. The story is so interesting, and I NEVER bother with the story of games, I just normally enjoy the gameplay, but the story is too good. The gameplay is amazing, and the multiplayer is too. IF you progress through the story, what you unlock is what you have on the multiplayer free roam. I thought that my favourite game would always be Pokemon Emerald, or any of the Legend of Zelda games, but this game beat them all. BUY IT NOW!!!"
,Not Recommended,243470,10285001,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,YnGBL00D,"Uplay thumbs down. Graphic optimization thumbs down. Being able to shoot or run over anyone you want but only punch(take down with one button) certain ones thumbs down. The driving rev hang that pulls you forward after you are done pressing the gas(like my civic irl) thumbs down.BUT! I have faith that at some point it will be a good game, just not yet!"
76561198099191773,Recommended,243470,10256480,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,relax u gay,never buy is game NEVER!! trash Ubisoft  server(yes its useing ubisoft server) and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥TRASH OPTIMIZATION.i played this game 10min and 1 hour for fix some problem and still cant runing this game (Screen black、no response、computer crashed).Now  i cant even login the serverso trust me DO NOT BUY IT.
76561198044497106,Recommended,243470,10264992,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,SadPanda,"I have read a lot of reviews saying game won't work, I am not having any issues. This game is definitely fun but not the best. I would recommend buying it but wait a few months until its on sale. Shooting in this game is good and so is stealth but driving is awful, I had to plug in my xbox controller because if you tap on acceleration while in car you're suddenly going like 100 mph."
76561198112237762,Recommended,243470,10696824,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Uprise,"absolutely love the game, graphics are epic, game play is extraordinaire, and a nice new ideas to open world game play. i recommend it to anyone who likes Gta and other titles of open world gameplay."
,Recommended,243470,11348608,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,соленья,Amazing GameSome problems when playing at ultra with GTX770 if you want to play at that quality you will need a GTX780Ti or AMD equivalentBesides that Awesome graphicsAwesome story9.5/10
76561198043392829,Not Recommended,243470,10381044,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Mahatma_Gaydad,"The game is fun and has a cool world. But the game is buggy, suffers from low framerate and has Uplay. Until Ubisoft fixes the goddamn game it's a thumbs down from me."
,Recommended,243470,10291339,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Davidious,"I played 5 hours in the first night I got this. It is  really fun. Hauling♥♥♥♥♥through the city in different vehicles, hacking phones, and stealing money and listening to phone conversations or text messages...quests to deliver vehicles that start out with the police heading to the ""stolen car spotted"" you have to lose them, and then lose the choppers before you are allowed to turn them in. Climb your way across building tops hadk the towers on top, and this is only solo mode.Having a blast, I would say I like it as much as I liked Just Cause 2, which was AWESOME fun."
,Recommended,243470,12095768,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,kozad,"If you like GTA or Sleeping Dogs, you'll probably love this game as well. The plot is passable, but I really think this game could have been much longer - as luck would have it, the game is open word however, so you can really drag it out, and unlike GTA, parts of the map are not blocked off when you start - the whole city is your playground. Hacking, while fun and useful, could have offered more depth. The caution in one of the trailers to not just hack anyone is really overblown though, as a Blume affiliate hack will either trigger an online invasion, or trigger nothing at all. I was honestly expecting an NPC to try to kill me later in the game, or maybe even lose rep for hacking a poor person with cancer, but no, there's nothing like that offered. Over all, I love the game, it's a great waste of time."
,Not Recommended,243470,10345578,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,JBazzle,"Game looks pretty good inbetween the 10 fps i get, I dont recommend wasting your time with this game until its fixed though, then i would change my recommendation to yes. kind of annoyed that theyre releasing DLC when they should be optimising the damn game so the majority of PC users can get round to finally playing the thing.... waiting a whole damn week to play it and its so hard resisting using stronger words to express how annoyed I truly am. i call bulls%#t when they say this was made for pc. Its another god damn console port. Clear as day."
76561197969074006,Recommended,243470,10624265,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Punch Rockgroin,"Watch_Dogs is pretty fun, it isn't really a great game but it's decent. The only real downside to it is the driving, which is horrible. All in all I'd recommend it."
,Not Recommended,243470,10344434,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Vaginal Discharge,"Some things about watch_dogs I dont like:The cover system. Sometimes when being in a stealth mission where if you are spotted at any point its an instant fail, the cover system likes to say go to places you don’t want to go to. For example trying to corner around an object, it sometimes puts you way out of position and gets you seen, sending you back through a chunk of dialog.Another thing is when trying to pull away from cover. When you push space to get out of cover sometimes it is very very disobedient and instead of moving away from cover to run around, it will make you pull yourself onto a roof and get you spotted, thus failing you.Now without spoiling anything im going to say that when triggering things with from cameras or anywhere really it can select things you don’t want to set off and thus screw with your plan to clear an area pretty quickly. This will put every enemy around on alert and make it much more difficult to take down, neutralize or kill the enemy.Another point is there is a mission where you use a boat and this boat can get up to speed very very fast. You are in a small river and then if you go too fast (like I did) you will crash your boat and get it stuck. Now from this point in the mission I can say it was basically done. I just had to drive for like 10 seconds more, but the game had no way for me to continue from getting stuck. So I ended up having to mow down an army of people twice (second time was easier due to knowing the enemy spawn patterns and where to place proximity IED’s to kill everyone whilst AFK).Ive just reached a point where I’ve finished a big chapter and ended up dying like 5 times in trying to survive this fight. You can’t have a big scene without having a mountain of dialogue, and in the end I heard it so many times I nearly quit the game. The talking ran too long for the little set up for this section that was needed.Another thing that annoys me is the menu’s. This is a BIG problem. Some of the menu’s (for PC) are touchy as all hell. For example the start up screen for the main menu. I can move my mouse around 2 centimeters and have the cursor completely across the screen. Then on other menus the cursor isn’t sensitive enough. Then with the smart phone menu in-game it has no cursor, like a lot of the menus. Some menus have a cursor and are fine but some have no cursor and are touchy as all hell. When you alter your sensitivity it alters it EVERYWHERE. So if you mess it up and get your main menu fine, your in-game camera will be miles to slow at moving around making you life your mouse about 15 times to make a resolution (highly exaggerated).This game gives my computer and a few of my friends top-notch computers a run for their money on the highest settings and in these cases they drop frame rate to below 30. This game has made a poor port and isn’t optimized as much as it could have been.I’m not sure how this game would have played out had I had a controller to use but for a mouse and keyboard it can be very very painful.((NOT COMPLETE WITH CAMPAIGN STILL HAVE LIKE 9 MISSIONS LEFT AND I THINK I’VE HAD AROUND 8-10 HOURS GAMEPLAY THUS FAR))As of this point Im willing to say hold your money because this game has some issues that need to be patched as well. If you want a game you can get 10+ hours out of but can deal with the bugs and annoying mechanics, buy it, if you can't stand being forced to listen over and over to the same thing as you are trashed, dont buy it."
,Not Recommended,243470,10345640,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,AmadeusC,"A wake up call but no eye opener.It's interesting to see how our data can be hacked and used to manipulate people but other than that this game is pretty boring. Villians are so bland and cliche is laughable. One villian was so needy it was very sad and annoying, calling you every single minute.Everything was so repetitive. And it's really sad because this game has so much potential and as you play it you feel more and more frustrated at how lacklustre it actually is."
,Not Recommended,243470,10271241,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,D669959,"Amazing game! Stunning graphics and beautiful gameplay.UPDATE: I'm experiencing a LOT of lag and stuttering issues with the game. Yes, this is a very fun game with gorgeous graphics but ubisoft needs to address this issue as soon as posible because apparently I'm not the only one experiencing the same problem. I have a decent gaming PC and it really drives me crazy because the frame rates drops from 35 down to 6FPS! Seriously? UBISOFT! PLEASE update the game SOON!"
,Not Recommended,243470,10270222,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Colin,Wish I could play
,Not Recommended,243470,10296917,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,SharpEyeHodgey,"I do not recommend this game, because:* UPlay is a poor quality application, it fails to sync saves every day. It is offline now and than. Connection errors to UPlay Servers.* Multiplayer is very limited. It could have been so much more! Free roam multiplayer sounds great but in reality, gets old after 30 minutes. Free Roam really needed side missions, objectives and modes within it (Similar to Red Dead Redemptions Free Roam). Online Hacking 1 v 1 and Tailing 1 v 1 are boring after 10 games as well. The Online Decryption CAN be fun when its 4 v 4 rather than the stupid every man for himself. You are also lucky if you get into a game without lag (I'm in Australia, probably connects me to yanks everytime).Single player on the other hand can be very enjoyable, but for $70+ I don't think it is worth the money. If you are after this game for the single player and/or multiplayer, wait until this game is on sale maybe $50-$60. Hopefully by than they have fixed the problems with the game. I'll continue to play single player, multiplayer is old already unfortunately. If only they had put a little more effort into the free roam mode, it could have been really awesome."
76561197980313015,Not Recommended,243470,10305415,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Socklips,"Solid 6/10Overhyped, under-delivered. This is the decade of false promises, hand-polished cinematics / trailers featuring things you won't be doing. Extremely linnear, wonky control schemes, unrewarding tasks, pointless and unecessary stealth aspect. You literally can just forgo any silenced weapon and charge in blazing. Same result..Also, uPlay will be the downfall of UbiSoft.Due to lessons learned from this game, and its failure, I'm pretty much done preordering any game. I'll wait until its released, look to the user reviews before another purchase. The scant few bonuses you get in no way make up for the completely shallow experience Watch_Dogs gives. Do yourself a favor, play Deus Ex (Any of them), play GTA..play something else than this one."
76561197976873528,Recommended,243470,10268319,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,NetQuaker,PVP 4x4 é mto loko!
,Recommended,243470,10304083,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,st0w3,"Wow, I'm glad I just purchased this before reading the player reviews. This turned out to be a really great game. I don't have any AMD components so I can't comment on the crashing / performance issues. It runs really well for me on the highest settings. The only problem I have is an occasional hiccup while driving.Are players just pecking for attention by the negative reviews? Is it the best game ever? Nope! is it a solid 8/10, yep! Good stuff, lots of fun.Oh and the driving is fine. After reading the player reviews I thought it was going to be horrific (attention seekers?). It feels just fine. Is it Grand Turismo? Nope! All those silly attention seekers need to remember that as well :)BTW, this is my first review ever (out of 94+ games on steam), I have to speak up when I buy a good product and notice that it isn't getting any praise. Like I said, a solid 8/10. Don't let the ""cool kids"" tell you otherwise."
76561198093128809,Not Recommended,243470,10298088,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Schneider,Would be nice if you'ld actually be able to play the game! U-just-dont-Play !
,Not Recommended,243470,10298905,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,S. Cronox,"This Game was CERTAINLY not as good as I was hoping it was. If I could go back, I would go to the movies and buy a large popcorn with the $80 i spent on this."
76561198114526027,Not Recommended,243470,10296864,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Thunder Nipss,i pre orderd this game and the ♥♥♥♥ING Uplay carnt find the game to let me play it
76561197964726205,Not Recommended,243470,10298099,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,MajorPo,Awful console port that looks nothing like the game originally demo'ed at E3.  The gameplay and AI are well behind even that of GTA IV.  Don't waste your money!
76561198040370987,Not Recommended,243470,10299574,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,deranking,The game was fun but I hated the mission where you had to get Uplay to work.
,Not Recommended,243470,10295963,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,JanSolo,"This is perhaps one of the worst games I've had the misfortune of wasting my money on. Until Ubisoft respects the PC as a platform and makes the game playable, this game and everything else they have on the market should be avoided at all costs. Ubisoft - you suck and you should be ashamed of releasing this game on the PC."
,Not Recommended,243470,10295279,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,dabboxking,CPU: intel i7-2600k @ 3.40GHzRAM: 16GBGraphic: amd hd 6850 - 1GBp.s. I can't even run that damn game in windowed mode 1280x720 on low settings.
,Not Recommended,243470,10343979,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Boaring(/r/Kancolle),"i bought the game without realizing ""watchdog needs your graphic card to be compatible to DirectX11"""
,Not Recommended,243470,10340063,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Robot Nixon,"This game is shameless, poorly executed GTA knock off.Do not under any circumstances purchase this game if you are looking for an enjoyable experience.First you are saddled with Uplay, something that ubisoft is now forcing people to use with each of their games. im not sure what kind of tracking and statistics are sent back to the mothership with this bloatware necessary to play their games, but it offers no functionality, added value and lacks all redeeming qualities. Uplay alone is reason enough not to buy this game.Second. The story. oh my god the story. such a simple minded, unengaging, scratch that, NON-engaging story. at no point does this game even make an attempt to connect with its players on an emotional level. the death of your niece and the catalyst for all of this is shown in brief 30 second cutscene. no imagination at all here. no attempt to draw the player in to the emotion of the moment. Also your niece, your sisters daughter is named Lena Pierce. Did your sister marry another guy named pierce? is the big twist ending that its your kid? or could the simple minded writer not understand that way that we name our children in this country, typically you get your fathers name. so either there was some sister-boinking going on, or Nicky your sister didnt know who the father was, on the youngest of two children born 4 years apart....The story is predictable and almost non-existent, the characters are entirely one dimensional and boring cliches of characters we have all seen before, the anoying rough around the edges Fixer who helps out the main character, the tech savvy hacker that supports the main character, the annoying troubled little kid, and the very frumpy looking sister.All reasons not to by this game.Now for the ""Realistic"" representation of chicago. Chicago looks nothing like the game map. sure there are landmarks from chicago dropped onto a game map, but this isnt chicago. chicago is not made up of multiple island. the L-train station names are wrong. however, they did manage to capture the architechure of each zone, fairly accurately.The AI is awful, The guns at your disposal are meh at best. The driving, vehicle dynamics and physics system is laughable. the cars are modeled fairly well and whoever made the mis-mashes of what is on the road today did a pretty good job designing them.Overall 2/10 would not recommend. This is the last UBISOFT game I will ever purchase. Here's hoping these hacks go the way of THQ"
,Recommended,243470,10307324,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Taylor Swift,SUCKS HAIRY BALLS
,Recommended,243470,10255921,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Baljeet,"It is a VERY good game! Such a shame about the Uplay servers being down on launch day, I really wanted to do some coop with my friends! Guess i need to leave it for another day."
,Not Recommended,243470,10259149,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Young Prodigy,If you're a cucklord you'll enjoy this game.
,Not Recommended,243470,10269686,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Spoonman,"Now I know to never preorder another Ubisoft game/ RantWhen the game awas first announced I was like eh because The Division is what caught my eyeThen I changed my mind and actually starting taking interest in the game getting all hyped and whatnot.Game is fun for a while but eventually gets boring after driving aroundTHE DRIVING IS GARBAGEGraphics downgradeLooks like poop during the dayThe cops are just... -_-And the Traffic Light Hack is just the worst, I thought it was a cool idea like oh I can cause a realistic crash and people would need help and freak out the cops would show up and close the road like the E3 Demo... Nope, as soon as you hack it the drivers on the road just floor it for no reason like its a drag strip unrealistically crashing into each other which Idk about you but it bothers me alot.This game just feels super repetitive and super buggy/laggyIts like they didnt even test it on PCI dont even look forward to playing it anymore, I feel lied to by UbisoftThey ruined AC by releasing it almost yearly with B.S stories and what not and I feel Watch Dogs will be the sameLike Activision and CODOr EA and BF4With the Division and Far Cry 4 coming up I just hope they dont eff up like they did with Watch Dogs but I know for sure I will never preorder another one of their gamesCity is beautiful though, being from the Chicago area I'd say its really impressive, couldve been better if they didn't leave out key landmarks and locations.If you havent bought this game yet wait for the Summer Sale"
76561198008503880,Not Recommended,243470,10272600,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Legion,"Overall not a terrible game, but definitely not worth 60 dollars.  It has a half baked story with a main character that inexplicably has the lethality of a member of delta force.  Predictable twists and characters loaded with cliche.  Sound design overall is lacking greatly. Vehicle and weapon sound the two biggest culprits here, the weapon sounds are a joke.  And for some reason, even though it's 2014, we still have to put up with mouse control that feels like it's intentionally made poorly.  This can't be true, so obviously no one cares about the gross negative and postitive acceleration.  Poor voice acting minus 1 or 2 characters.All that being said, it will keep you entertained for the 15 or so hours it lasts. The gameplay is solid, a nice mix of vehicle and ground  combat. The one button hacking allows you to feel like there are a lot of ways to tackle a situation  along with the customizable ""talents"". The story progresses  at a decent pace. This is about all the positive things I can say about it.Overall, ubisoft doesn't seem to want to change any formulae, just the settings in which they take place. Yawn."
,Recommended,243470,10279349,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,FuntasticMVC,"I really enjoyed this game. It's quite a shame I had to go through Uplay to actually play it, but nonetheless it wasn't bad. I'm no game critique, but it's not like every game earns my approval."
,Recommended,243470,10778926,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Hyp5r,"While the initial launch on PC seemed to fail with Uplay errors and drama, this game to me felt really solid.  Sure, the graphics didn't look up to par compared to E3, and yeah, I experienced a little stutter here and there.  But after the recent patch the devs pushed out, I'm getting solid framerates now.*Other than the launch controversy, I found the game to be very enjoyable.  The story to me is definitely refreshing when compared to similar open-world video games (primarily GTA), and I found the hacking element to be a great new take on what to do in the world.  If only hacking were this easy in real life, though.While the main story will last you about 6-8 hours if you rush, it's all the extra stuff you can do that will make you stay in Chicago a little more lengthy.  From many mini-games to choose from, including digital trips, augmented reality games, a lot of side quests to complete at your leisure and multiplayer, you'll definitely find no real shortage of content.  Admittedly, I find it fun to just walk around and view everyone's profile on ctOS, but that's just me.While the hype seemed to kill it for many, and the launch definitely left a bitter taste in others' mouths, given the chance, Watch_Dogs is definitely a great game.  Full Xbox 360 controller support also helps for those who prefer to use that over the mouse+keyboard combo.  Definitely one of my favorites for this year.* For the record, I played Watch_Dogs on two PCs, one laptop with an Intel Core i7 3rd gen & NVIDIA GT 730M graphics (on low settings) and my desktop with an Intel Core i7-3770K & two NVIDIA GTX 760s running in SLI.  No overclocking is set on both of these machines.  Both seemed to run good after the recent patch."
,Recommended,243470,23563121,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,P-90x,Overall Intrestering.The Graphics was a big let down for me.I feel the trailer was different from the accual graphics given.Ive played through the campaign multiple times and it hasent given me a problem so far.
,Recommended,243470,23566622,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Generic66,I found this game very niceI was surprised that it takes about 50 hours to beat the game for most people with some free roam some times.The game was over all good just i didnt like how there is not much options of having fun one's beating all the missions gang hide outs ect.
76561198069910698,Recommended,243470,10286858,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,6er,prime game
,Recommended,243470,10373643,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Xell3h,The storyline is gribbing and makes you want to play through that without the side missions but some of them are a lot of fun. I keep coming back to this game and enjoy it's open world atmosphere and graphics a lot.
,Recommended,243470,10567595,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,SlaughterJoker,"Besides all the graphical problems/performance issues (game run like♥♥♥♥♥:/), awful driving mechanics, and the awful story, game is fun. The hacking is the core part of the game and is easy to use and fun at the same time. Hope they make a sequel of this, as I feel as many of the issues can be iron out."
76561198142287666,Recommended,243470,24144991,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,TerranGaming,one objection:ADD SINGLE PLAYER CHEATS UBISOFT. the missions get way to hard and it makes me want to dissown your games and never talk to them again. so dont disapoint. if they dont come by at least the release of watch dogs 2 or something like that your watch dogs game will join my lot of fatherless games. thanks for the rest of it though
76561198035896256,Recommended,243470,10283750,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Philipep,"I love the game, I have had very few problems. Mainly with graphics, I have to have settings low to run smooth compared to every other game I have set to max. Which sucks, but the game is still definitely fun in my opinion. Did not have a problem with Uplay either, might be because I was still logged into Uplay from a previous game I purchased from there. But all in all, great game."
,Recommended,243470,29958910,Posted: 16 February,all,thebutler2000,really love this game would rate it to anyone
,Not Recommended,243470,25636537,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Skeleton Dicks,"Well.... It's too expensive and it isn't even here on steam.... It's on uPlay, just get it there."
76561198018253149,Not Recommended,243470,10254123,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,DJCROWMAGNUM,uplay has detected an error and must close 10/10 for not being able to play now after uplay finally let me get into the main menu of the game i blue screen.... definitely worth your money
,Recommended,243470,33263969,Posted: 5 July,all,Hbib98,"i can't describe this awesome game, please help me lol"
,Recommended,243470,15790409,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,FuckNugget,"I didn't see any dogs.like seriously, where are the dogs?"
76561198106032736,Recommended,243470,33266619,Posted: 5 July,all,Maik,"Ever since I bought the game during the Watch_Dogs ‘Midweek Madness’ last year, I could not come up with the efforts the game needs in order for it to be enjoyable. I have tried playing it once, during the Christmas holidays, but could not continue. At the time, I did not really know why I could not complete the game, something was holding me back, now I do; all the negativity this game received caused me to look out for all the negativity being pointed out by people, I was not playing the game, instead, I was looking for a way to call this game bad.Since I picked up Watch_Dogs 2, I forced myself to complete Watch_Dogs first, I could not live with myself if I bought a game and all of its extra content but did not have the courage to complete the game since other people forced me to look for negativity within the game. Once I knew that I was ready to play the game, I installed it, put on my headset, grabbed my controller,  plugged it in and fired up the game.Since I had already tried playing it for 9 hours straight, I created a new game and was thrown into the life of Aiden Pearce. I remembered some parts of those 9 hours I had already played but most of it not which made me feel as if I had to explore all of its deep secrets. I continued playing the game when I had the time to and 5 days later, I had completed the game in a 13.7 hour run.I cannot believe how I said to myself that the game was bad, I cannot believe that I let other people tell me that I should not play this game, I cannot believe that…This game is great, I loved it for the biggest part, sure there are things that are not up to my likings, but that is with every game, they cannot create a game that everyone will like, at least not yet…"
,Recommended,243470,10315395,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Thomas,"Very enjoyable game, however there are many reported problems with this game. I got lucky and didn't have any when I played through, however when I go back in now I do get the stuttering that many people seem to have. It's a good game, but wait until they fix most of the problems."
,Recommended,243470,10315550,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,South Paw,Awsome gameplay. Awsome story. Awsome graphics. I have an AMD processor with an Nvidia graphics card and I have ZERO problems with this game? why all the haters?
76561198015478391,Recommended,243470,10322435,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,xKBLx Foxman,"A brillantly polished and well done game. You can literally spend ages just walking/driving around the city hacking civilians and tackling street punks. That is before you even get into the missions this game offers. From the seaside to the residental area there are tons of stories waiting for you to hack into in Watch Dogs, definitely recommend this game to others"
76561198007674701,Recommended,243470,10322263,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Radiation,I felt I needed to post a quick review of this game after I like many other AMD users had a horrible initial experience running WatchDogs on my PC. My rig far exceeds the minimum requirements to run WatchDogs however when I launched the game initially I could only play up to 5 minutes before the game froze and crashed.I knew the game had issued with AMD going in but I thought it was worth the risk seeing as Ubisoft have stated that they will be patching the game shortly. That said I thought it was worth mucking around with the default settings to see if I could find a way to play a game I'd been waiting ages for. So I went on to AMD's website and downloaded AMD Catalyst Control Centre and made sure all my drivers were up to date. I also lowered a whole bunch of in game settings and... it works! I'm now about 8 hours in and playing a mix of solo and online without a single issue.To those who have had issues I feel your pain! I was there but hopefully my fix will work for you too or the patch will help as this game is pretty sweet. I hope this helps others.
76561198126416071,Recommended,243470,10315743,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,cglydewell,"First I love this game. It's the first game in a long time that I played for 16 hours straight after I’d already been up 10. It's a lot of fun and the story is spectacular right up until the end then well it lets you down pretty hard. There is a strong indication that a second one will be made if they haven't already started working on it. Honestly I'd be perfectly fine with them keeping it in Chicago and just adding more to the already impressive city scape they have. The game is absolutely beautiful. I'm currently running an Intel duel core hyper threaded CPU clocked at around 3.6 MHz, 8GB of DDR 3 Ram, 120 GB SSD (for faster loading obviously), and last but certainly most importantly an EVGA GTX 660 Super Clocked edition graphics card. Currently my settings are at medium for most except for shaders, and something else along those lines which is at max. There is plenty of room to make the game look even better but with my set up it currently looks amazing so if you have a similar set up and are worried about some of the negative videos showing this game look less than spectacular don't worry it's still rather impressive even if you’re not running the max settings.Now for the not so good part of this review. BUGS! BUGS! BUGS! One rather annoying bug was when someone jumped into my game and was hacking me from inside of a building that he had to have been spawned into to get into or some other unmentionable method that is closely tied to what this games core gameplay is... I am less than impressed with UBISOFTS decision to make the game very narrow in terms of story choices or outcomes. I know I know they have a very set story they like to follow and it's a decent one but it could and would be better if your actions changed the outcome of some events in the story even if only slightly. I hate to compare this game with Mass Effect but I'm going to anyway. Mass Effect 3 took previous save data from Mass Effect 2 and applied it to your Mass Effect 3 playthrough so the story was essentually talored to you. However they also gave the option to NOT use data from a previous game to dictate how the story played out. Which then made the game play as though the makers of Mass Effect intended it to be all along. I won't say what or how they could have integrated this into Watchdogs but it could have been done and therefore in my mind should have. This may give something away but I'm trying to be gentle on anything that could totally ruin this game for someone so if you hate spoilers just stop reading now... Ok so one thing I love about Watchdogs is the fact it has strong character development. I personally wanted to see more of the same characters in the next because it felt as though there were so many memorable ones you didn’t really get to see each one as much as expected or should have. To me there was never that moment where the suspense paid off. So in short to much suspense not enough payoff. Here is the spoilerish. Killing likable characters that people would like to see more of before the story really takes off (which I'd imagine will be in the next Watchdogs) makes it a bit dull because you don't have the moments in the next chapter of the story where your happily remembering the good ol days where they helped craft the character your playing into who they become by the time the story ends which will be Watchdogs 3 or there abouts. I get that this is a darker story than most though so I can live with how it ended although I fell like the next one has the potential to have a disappointing ending as well. All that rambling aside it’s a great game and I know I’m looking forward to the next one.I’m just going to pop this in at the end. To me the future of gaming isn’t fancy graphics or new ways to destroy opponents. For me it’s quickly becoming about how my actions affect the outcome of the story. As well as dense urban areas where EVERY building is enterable and unique. Big map layouts are fun but in the end driving around on the street gets old even if you can cause traffic jams or cause some poor lady to teeter on the top of the bridge you just raised only to hit the gas a bit too much and go splashing down in the water below trolololol. I think I need to elaborate just a bit. The npc’s reaction was PRICELESS. “whoa… WHOAA…. whoa… WHOaaaa. WHoaaa. WHOOOAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!!!!” spash… So it's fun but personally I give it a 7 of 10.I want to be done but I'm not apparently. Uplay is REQUIRED your first time playing which really REALLY irritates me. Took me 10 tries and a forever loading wheel each time for me to finally get logged into it. Drop Uplay Ubi for the love of everything gaming kill it with FIRE."
,Recommended,243470,10315754,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,TheUnknownFactor,"I'll write the conclusion to the review first off. That is, despite a tremendous number of flaws, this game is pretty fun (even if it doesn't live up to the hype that was built up prior to release).This review will write mostly about the tremendoes number of flaws. A big part of the critique is that this game really does a really large number of things half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ A few examples:The car radio is not a radio. It's more like a CD player. There are no channels you can switch between, you can only either disable it or go to the next track. For me this mostly meant that I disabled the music when in a car. None of the music was really memorable or iconic as it is with other games.The city lives... But not really. Everyone has their own lives, and when you hack into someone's webcam or telephone they'll all have their own stories and things going on. But aside from that? There's nothing going on in the city, there is never anything in the news that is not directly related to something you did. It's quite meh.The game is alsoquite pushy when it comes to playing against others online. It won't ask you if you want other players to be able to enter your game, it's the default setting and if you don't like it you'll have to disable it yourself. Even if you've disabled it however, you'll get regular popups informing you of available online challenges. Challenges you can't even accept because you have it disabled. I wanted this game for the single player, it was quite annoying how hard Ubisoft tried to push the online crap.Combat is pretty good. Not perfect, but quite good. The weapons felt good, hacking in combat was good, usable items in combat worked fine. Combat was frankly just mostly great. There were however a few annoyances; primarily the way you'd ""stick to walls"". You can hide behind stuff by hitting the ""c"" button. That works okay (not great), but if you want to get out from behind that wall... Well it's clumpsy. It's slow, the camera is screwy. Just to reiterate though; combat overal is good.The hacking is also pretty good. There's a nice variety in things you can hack and it more or less works as you'd expect. No complaints here.Driving is also good, also not perfect. Cars handle alright, but occasionally the controls seem to lock up for no reason at all (this happened about 5 times through my complete playthrough of the main story, which means it's very far from regular). Crashing into other cars hardly does any damage to yours at all, fast cars will easily knock a truck off the street at an intersection. I'm kind of okay with that, realism isn't always the most fun. But... It does look weird.Police chases are kind of annoying. Unless you take it into the water (where only the police helicopter will follow you) it's more or less impossible to shake the police without hacking things. About the police: Unless you are being chased, there are no police cars in the game. When you are being chased police cars randomly spawn in the map, often ahead of you. Making it essentially impossible to race yourself out of a police car. This is really pretty annoying.The story in this game is mediocre.  I don't want to spoil anything, but much of it comes down to the game giving you very little motivation to actually want to do what your character wants to do (ie: kill lots of people, half of whom are more or less innocent- because 1 person was killed). It's just... Meh.Despite all of those things, the game is still fun. I might recommend to try get the game at a sale somtime though."
,Recommended,243470,10321878,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,FingerPleasure MAM ITEMKI !!,I love this game but the only thing that bother me that it needs a epic PC to run it i needed to upgrade my one but everything else is unreal.
,Not Recommended,243470,11696681,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,bman78,I Will make this easy for you guys on the fence.wait for a steam sale and buy it when it is less then 30 bucks at the most.I don't like writing reviews.  this is just a public announcenment that i will no longer buy a a game from Ubisoft and EA as well.There are a lot of other great games coming out that will keep me entertained.If you want my money you will have to earn it.
76561198118670181,Not Recommended,243470,11577012,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,bill nye the nazi spy,"""We have sent you a code to activate Watch_Dogs""Ok.*never gets code*Just a delay, I guess.*wakes up and still no code""Lets see if they can send it again. No option to send again?GG Uplay"
,Not Recommended,243470,11866620,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,2 Percent,"Uplay, Usuck."
76561198070774343,Recommended,243470,10254137,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,MrCashCat,coat physics simulator 2014
76561197976983124,Recommended,243470,11231650,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Adam X,10/10Favorite part was when I died because game froze to pop in textures.
,Recommended,243470,10314028,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Turtle,Can't get passed the first cutscene without my entire computer dying / completely crashing-10/10 Just got money suckered from my wallet
76561197978370886,Recommended,243470,13727835,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Casanova,Very nice game dont know why so many haters.
,Recommended,243470,32982910,Posted: 29 June,all,Utopian Gaming,"The world of Watch Dogs is amazing. I love open world; free roam games so already it peaked my interest.  Running it on max graphics it runs smooth and the realism is impeccable. I enjoyed the idea of being able to remotely connect to any type of electronic device and be able to manipulate it to my benefit.I praise the ctOS system but at the same time understand the problems with having such an interface that can hold every citizen and organization at ransom, its a neat but extremely dangerous setup if ever implemented in reality, lets not kid ourselves though, its it already a system? Leave that debate for another day.I enjoyed the combat in the game, CQC is always fun and the ability to infiltrate a building loaded with mercs and not even step inside is amazing, a new frontier for stealth gaming!I also enjoyed playing as a Grey Hat style hacker, the morality compass shifts in either way depending on the person playing and the character of Aiden Pierce was rather mysterious and intriguing as what I would expect based on his occupation and skills.What I did not like was the terrible arcade like driving and the sounds, each vehicle sounded nearly the same, the driving was horrendous but after awhile you get used to it. I did enjoy the sound of when a vehicle is turned on and ignition is turned on. That was neat.Overall I thoroughly enjoyed the game, with over 40hrs in game I am surely eager to get my hands on Watch Dogs 2.Overall: 8/10 [Highly Recommend]"
76561197970629017,Not Recommended,243470,10955549,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Stefu82,I think that this is a very boring game which sucks already after 3 h...
76561198032620748,Not Recommended,243470,10267072,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,King Ðoge Prima Inu,"Hyped too much, Graphics were the main reason to play this game and the story was lacking until the mid-area of the game. Ending was dissapointing aswell. Overall I would not recommend buying this game, rather watching someone play it on youtube would be satisfactory."
76561198061198238,Recommended,243470,10361029,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Beerbaby,Disclaimer: if you have an amd card dont buy this for a while it just dosent work....Homeless guy had 6k in his bank account11/10no but seriousely if you have a nvidia intel based pc (which is the majority just saying) then its totally worth the price. Its like gta but not as good multiplayer and Aiden isnt as cool as trevor or michael (or franklin you ♥♥♥♥♥♥s who i know will comment about me not mentioning him) and a cool hacking mechanic.... and it came to pc! ..... ♥♥♥♥in rockstar.... anyway totally worth it. But make sure you get the latest driver because if you dont it will suck.
76561197970744978,Recommended,243470,10950061,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,II Lagavulin II,"Probably one of the most disappointing games I've played in a long time. When I saw the original E3 footage I thought it appeared fairly stunning and the gameplay looked really good.First of all, I was astounded when I installed this and when I double-checked the settings it was on High. Graphically it takes me back to playing GTA Vice City or that ilk on the PC. A previous gen console port it maybe but there’s no excuse for it looking the way it does.I’ll confess to perhaps not giving the multiplayer aspect a really good go but the single player I’ve found turgid and repetitive.A 21st century version of Assassin's Creed is what a couple of my friends have described it as. I personally find that rather derogatory to Assassin’s Creed (I’ve enjoyed them all, particularly III and IV).In all, very disappointing and, at present, ugly to boot."
,Recommended,243470,10267817,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,JaMonkey Jpe,"Such an amazing open world game. In most games, when you finish the campaign, the rest of the game is boring, but this game is still just as fun after. Reputation is a HUGE factor in this game. If you like to go around robbing banks, killing people and causing mayhem, you will almost always have cops after you. Eventually your REP will sink so low that you will become a ""menace"" and civillians will call 911 on you even if you arent commiting a crime. One con to this game is the online ctOs app. It loses connection every time you try to use it. Other than that, the rest of the online is amazing. I would defienatly recommend this game to friends."
,Recommended,243470,28777169,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Midget Mafia,"If you're reading this, then you can read."
76561198175016026,Recommended,243470,32908209,Posted: 27 June,all,Castelitzo,Steam i buy Watch Dogs and hes doesnt give me the code what i can do|??
,Recommended,243470,30901224,Posted: 2 April,all,HamSandwich007,"I bought Watch_Dogs a couple years ago and at the time, I wasn't impressed. Then a week ago today I reinstalled it and decided to give it another go. I am happy to share with you that I have finished the game and give it a solid 7/10.Pros: Cool hacking features; massive car crashes, nice variety of vehicles, Gang Hangouts are awesome! Better than average AI. Playing this on a GTX 1080 with all settings at Ultra is a real treat.Cons: Meh story and the hero Aiden Pierce is as bland as oatmeal. Wardrobe could have been better. Chicago neighborhoods are not faithfully recreated and that is a bit of a bummer. Downtown is better but the outlying areas outside of Lake Shore Drive are confusing as hell to navigate - and I have lived here all my life!Overall this is a game worth buying on sale if you enjoy other Ubisoft titles like Assassin's Creed, Tom Clancy's, etc.My score is a solid 7/10 and will pick up Watch_Dogs 2 when it goes back on sale again."
76561198167751722,Recommended,243470,23528700,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Mister_Steak,"This game is literally Assassin's Theft Auto. While that doesn't necessarily make it a BAD game, it's going to be very familiar to anyone who has played any game in both series. I got it and the DLC for 15 dollars, and I'd say it's worth that price. Full retail at launch, not so much.Overall, a decently fun game that's worth a go if you're into the AAA titles that drop every few months."
,Recommended,243470,10279628,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,CripticCorp,"Great game, totally recommend if you have the hardware to run this, NO not laptops, NO not intergrated gpus!"
,Recommended,243470,32928794,Posted: 28 June,all,Passive Bot,Its almost like GTA. I see most people hate it. But i think its quite fun to play.
,Recommended,243470,10496632,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,imjordan745,"7.5/10Watch_Dogs is a very promising game with a 'Infamous + Grand Theft Auto + Assasins Creed' feel to it, and it pulls this off very well.The reason it is a 7.5 for me is the fact that I felt very forced to do a mission and it felt rushed. Heres an example; I finish a mission and I now feel like driving my car around to fight off the jerks picking on civilians. I park my car, help the person out, and then a piece of dialog comes out of nowhere that I have heard at least 1000 times before telling me what the current situation is and in order to stop it from playing within the next minute I have to do the next mission. This continued until I beat the game. Also, the missions themselves felt rushed. When you are in a mission and you die once it all of the sudden drops the diffuculty down to the point of which a three year old could just soar through the level, creating this enviroment of just not any fun.Secondly, the controlls feel very clunky. While in cover you will notice getting out of it without stopping any sort of cover fire is an extremely difficult task as 'Aidan' will just go to another cover or stand up while an enemy pummels you with a shotgun shell.I am also very dissapointed with Ubisoft downgrading the graphics for pc, but I fixed it with a mod, you can find the mod anywhere on the internet really.Thanks. Sorry about spelling mistakes."
,Recommended,243470,11154594,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,skl,"GTA-like open world game set in near-future Chicago+ cool setting and main story line+ hacking as an interesting concept of interacting with the world (e.g., hacking via hacked cameras)+ vehicle pursuits offer interesting alternatives to take down enemies+ nice in-game minigames (poker, AR video games, finding QR codes via cameras, etc)- repetitive gameplay in side missions- characters are a bit shallow- resources (money, ammo) are too easy to getStill a very underrated game imo"
76561198066011988,Not Recommended,243470,10284405,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,GOD BLESS,I like the game. I like everything except lagging and freezing. Why? because of laptop? because using Radeon? I can only play mission that has small area.
76561198061433613,Not Recommended,243470,10284883,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Hatchet,although a great concept the game engine is very touchy when it comes down to the make and the model of the gpu causeing lags gliches and game freezing
76561198042071917,Recommended,243470,10285431,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Aarongamma6,"All Negative reviews are geared towards optimization... I'm here to tell you what really matters. Gameplay. Now I would say if you have an AMD card do not buy the game. Uplay just sucks and of course buying it on steam doesn't solve that. Launch the game on steam it launches Uplay...No reviews on steam have even touched gameplay. I find it quite fun really. It's a very difficult game. Even the side missions have forced me to try over and over(I have not found a way to quit missions yet either). Sometimes you get a great experience trying to hack into the ctOS network for a district. Some ctOS HQs just aren't designed for anything but run and gun gameplay... There have been only 2 that I could take in complete stealth. The one they showed and designed for the gameplay demo that ubisoft released and one secluded island that actually surprised me when I found 4 people walked by a transformer(there was 9 or so on the island). The gameplay is great. You don't use the hacking as much as I wish you would and there are just a bit to many car chase missions.Last but not least, the story. Hell I love the story. It pulls you in and well I want to ♥♥♥♥ing kill Damien now! No... I want to torture him, killing him slowly at the same time. The ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ knows no limits.More on Uplay. Uplay overlay doesn't work half the time so I can't join my friends in free roam. The multiplayer is very annoying(by that I mean how people randomly intrude into your game world).I would give the game a 7/10 ATMStill though. Unless you have an AMD card I say BUY THE GAME! It's worth it."
,Not Recommended,243470,10285434,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Lister of Smeg,"Watchdogs is an apparently excellent game which you will never try because Uplay will make you wait days for it to start working, if it ever works at all."
,Recommended,243470,10541646,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,LolRecoil,10/10 would play again and again!
76561198045697432,Not Recommended,243470,10507582,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Caesarion,"UPDATE 2 years later: Felt particulary masochistic this week so decided to try this♥♥♥♥♥♥again. To make the game playable a human has to first fix the screen  being windowed always for some reason and get rid of mouse acceleration ( this ain't a console Ubi, get your♥♥♥♥♥♥in order ). After playing for a bit and messing around I've noticed the game world is actually pretty well fleshed out, too bad the game mechanics and story is so ♥♥♥♥ed. First server hacking mini-game in, the features don't show so you play the game of blind tetris trying to get to the next node....FUUUCK. Got mad, killed every Bloom employee in the vicinity, broke the movement mechanic - press left - retaiden starts circling, press forward - idiotaiden runs towards the screen, press jump - imbecilaiden goes to cover,...If you by any chance feel any anticipation for the Washed Dogs 2 thingamajig...just don't. Go save baby seals, it's a better use of your time.>>The experience of controlling a city through hacking? A viigilante seeking justice? Gorgeous graphics with memorable gameplay?<<All of these are not be found in this installment of ''Watch out for the Dogs!'' - Incredibly bland charachers and story that make you wish Aiden Pierce would jump of a skyscraper while hacking an ice-cream machine. Actually this would make the story so much more interesting. Aiden is a lifeless brick and I don't think the 30 minute intro can make you feel for his quest and vigilantism.Chichago. Blocky. Stiff. Dead. The graphics engine? Underwhelming as hell - another ploy by a software company to make you think the finished product will look anything like the gameplay promised and shown on the previous game fairs.Game mechanics or lack-there-of. You will not feel liike a powerfull vigilante. What you will feel like is a slave of a city that offers the same rehashed hacking module all over the city. You won't feel like a hacker as well - the puzzles are silly and the cTOS hacks are as underwhelming as everything else about this game. I wish they never released it and just published the trailer for the game.There.... everybody happy.Go use your money for something more worthwhile: Feed the ducks in the park and tell them about the upcoming HL3; Buy a book about game programming or hacking and get to work to creating something of an experience on your own.Enjoy life."
,Recommended,243470,13651052,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Brogaty,"In all honesty, I really like this game. Yes it can do better with its driving mechanics, its not THAT bad though. The graphics, the graphics are decent enough and still look good unlike some other games and does look like a 2014 game to me. The storyline though, it really couldve been better and is lacking lots of elements besides shoot the bad guy and then continue. In some parts for example, there was a scene were there SHOULD have been crying and sadness, instead it practically looked like they were smiling even though they were obviously sad. Yes it shouldve been worked on more, but overall. I still personally like this game and its concept of ideas.If there is a sequel to the game, I would hope for better face posings, a longer and more engaging storyline with options that could possibly even affect how the games ends off, such as Deus Ex were every choice you makes affects the outcome of the game. All in all good game. 8.5/10"
,Recommended,243470,13784205,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,efkaa,"Definetely overrated, but it's still a fun game and I'm looking forward to finishing it.A bit of a bummer that it uses Ubiplay for launching but to be honest, I couldn't really care less."
,Recommended,243470,10599729,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,// Space Cowboy :: MIRAGE,"Ended a murderous fire truck's rampage (had killed a homeless individual) that was being driven by a saboteur with a police record and inconclusive physiological evaluation.Also, it looks like stuttering was fixed, kind of... almost, needs a little more work.(shame they don't fix and enable the other effects also)Still pretty neat.0.999999999999 * 8.99999999999 out of 10"
76561198032385096,Not Recommended,243470,10387366,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Chipati,"If you would like a demo of this game please go to your local store, buy a can of pepper spray, aim it at your face and release its whole contents into your eyes, Record the rate of everytime you're actually able to see something through your repeated blicking, This is the amount of times you will be able to see a frame on this game due to its horrendous frame lag/stuttering.You want to execute that cop with your newly unlocked weapon? Let me stop your frame rate while that cop gets a nice angle to shove the barrel of his pump action into your eye socket.I was buzzed for this game but it's just another over-hyped one off, I'll admit the story is good and there is a bit of humour though you hardly get to see any of it from the amount of optimisation issues which you'll suffer from, you can say your PC is powerful enough to run 26 instances of train simutlator at the same time but it won't be enough.Talking about trains, I like them very much, so much in fact the I like to give them hugs all the time! And with this ""next-gen"" game I can! All I need to do is stand in front of one and no matter if it is travelling at mach 2, it will come to an instant stop to let me express my love. Seriously there are so many daft things you come accross that they can be funny. I had a mellee prompt on someone whilst I had a .50 calibre rifle equiped so instead of using his extendable love stick Aidan gives this person a healthy dose of 12.7mm which is fine, but when he shoots through the guys head into a transformer and blows up himself and half of chicago, that is not fine... There is also a perk for disabling helicopters whist the poice are chasing you which is handy, but due to Aidans sense of appearal you can never use it because from what I can gather the amount of collars he wears prevents him from looking directly upwards which is (oddly enough) where helicopters tend to be.TL;DR: Get GTA IV and mod it to♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,243470,10424552,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Bear,The game was amazing and i played it a lot but the game runs so slowI have a mid end alienware aroura r4 and the game still lagged i reccomend this game for ps4 or xbox one not pc
76561198046289537,Recommended,243470,10302759,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Lazar Dimov,Awesome game!!!
,Recommended,243470,10339238,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,[ST-E] Janek [UK],"I like going round and stealing money from the cancer sufferers, and the terminally ill in general. My thinking is, they don't have much time left to spend it, so I'll take it and invest in their future and the safety of their friends and families.Also, hacking in to some house to see some guy playing Russian roulette with a hooker is worth the price alone. No performance problems at all on my end, running on max with no stutter or lag.10/10."
,Recommended,243470,10364596,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Aes,"Not a bad game at all. I've really liked what I've played so far.Excluding the vehicle system, which I do not enjoy at all.If you've ever played Grand Theft Auto 5 (which is another free roam game with an arcadey car game), you will absolutely hate what watch_dogs has done with vehicles. I will even go out on a limb and suggest that you may find it lacking in comparison to every other arcade like car gameplay out there.Multiplayer is fun.Campaign is okay.Vehicles are boring and not very fun to drive. Feels tacked on."
76561198129235167,Recommended,243470,11864181,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,H3.Wh0.L4UGH$_{X-D},its ok...
,Not Recommended,243470,15119955,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Mean & Unseen,"Been waiting for Ubisoft horrid ""support"" since the game was launched. Still having a problem with U-Play telling me that the steam key is already in use.Their support is nearly non existent and when they do answer they are quite rude.Ubisoft is worse than EA & ComCast combined.EDIT: As of November 6th 2016 I still have not recieved support responces to the original or followup inquiries that resulted in the account being available."
,Not Recommended,243470,10267364,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,SadisticPotato,"After a few hours of doing sh*t, after some hours actually doing the story missions and after even more hours trying to learn how to drive a f*cking car for 200 meters withough running over 10 civillians and half a dozen street lights i still don't really know if i should recommend this game or not.-Hacking, the biggest feature of this game, is really powerful but can also cause a lot of accidents, e.g. if you want to lower a crane but your profiler thinks you want to overload a steam pipe and blow up the whole damn road. And it gets boring quite fast. AND some of the thing (e.g. hacking traffic lights) are mostly completely useless.-Driving sucks. Horrible car physics, if you ever want to get from point A to B without more accidents than your insurance can ever pay, try using a gamepad so you will only kill half of Chicagos citizens.-Extremely ret*rded civillian AI (gangsters shoot at you, civs call the cops so they can shoot you as well, they jump right in front of your car, etc.)-The story is a bit shiftless at the beginning (you is some guy and some other guy killed your nice. go find him! revenge!!) but it gets better after a few hours.-The story missions are mostly just some side missions/mini games (e.g. infiltrate the area and knock down someone, chase a car and steal data from it, hack into a private apartment, etc.) and someone is talking to you.-The shooter mechanics are kinda alright, (by far) not the best i've ever seen, but still ok.-Some funny characters that made me laugh a lot-F*ck Uplay. Period.Overall, this game is far far away from all the hype it has caused. Sadly. This game really has some great ideas but Ubisoft messed it up. Again. Wait till this game is on sale or Ubi$oft finally fixed most of the issues (including the extremely annoying driving mechanics).Overall, 4.5/10. Sadly."
,Recommended,243470,10282402,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Kat,Lack of dogs to watch.0/10
,Recommended,243470,10285043,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Fawkzi,"(NOTE: I am not taking performance issues in to account in this review because i have not had any and i am not taking Uplay/Ubiservers issues in to account here either because that's not fault of the game, that's fault of Ubi not being prepared for all the hype they created)So many negative reviews, understandable given the situation and state of the game so far for some but here's a review coming from somebody who hasn't had a hard time with the game not performing like it should.Watch_Dogs is an awesome game, really. The city is smaller than some open world games out there but it's still big enough to have plenty to do, what with the literaly hundreds of side activities to do that include 4 diffrent types of investigations, criminal convoy's, gang hideouts, fixer contracts, Crimes in progress and collectibles scattered all over virtual Chicago.As you probably allready know, the game is focused on the ability to hack and you can hack damn near everything in this game, bank accounts, system keys, road blocks, bridges, transformers, distract enemies, make enemies explode, hell you can even blow up the road by increasing pressure in the steam pipes to make them go boom.The thing i love most about it, although the hacking is awesome it is completely optional for the most part, for example..Gang Hideouts, you can go ahead and complete every single one without hacking anything, just the fact that they give you this choice shows you how they want you to play the game your way, hack or don't hack..choice is yours really (Though there are some story missions where hacking IS required, but outside of story, hacking is a complete freedom of choice deal)The story is pretty awesome, though it can feel a bit messy at times and often rushed (even when you spend several hours doing side missions before heading to the next story mission) The game also never seems to get repetative..until you get to the multiplayer. Free Roam, while fun for about half an hour is ultimately boring due to having nothing to do in the world.You jump in and that's it, feel free to throw up your ""PvP Flag"" to allow yourself to kill and be killed by other players but that's pretty much it, it got so boring in free roam that me and my friend literally spent about 45 minutes hopping from train to train, walking through and profiling each person to decide whether we should execute them or not (Alot of people died that day..)the multi-player racing is fun, reminding me a little of the racing game ""Split-Second"" where you can alter the track and creat obstacles to screw over the other racers, but in the 5-6 races i have been it it seems the same 3 tracks are recycled over and over which is a shame concidering the city is pretty big and you could probably get hundreds of tracks out of it.Blurring the lines between single and multiplayer? No not really but it -can- sometimes, people invading your game works like this, you're driving a long and you get a pop up saying another player somewhere in the world wants to hack you etc..and you can either let them and wait an eternal 2 minutes or just not bother.I like having the option to choose whether i get hacked or not but this turns the whole ""You can hack your friends game and they'll never know you're there"" statement from some of the previews a complete and utter lie and i'll explain further on that. So first things first..you have a ""Firewall"" which is what allows you to chose whether someone can intrude your game, unless you hack a blume civilian and let them call blume, blume will disable your firewall and this allows people to intrude without your choice.This is a good thing, i like this little feature BUT...you still get alert to their presence in the form of a waypoint leading to a big purple circle showing you the area they are in, while it is difficult to find them the circle gets smaller the higher the hack percentage goes up..but here is my issue with it, even when you don't find them you do find them, the game will automatically alert you to their exact position when their hack has reached 100% and now it's your job to chase them down.i do NOT like this, if a dude comes into my game, get's 100% hack before i can find him then he should be able to exit my game just as stealthily, the game essentially rewards you for failing which is kind of stupid and the game loses points there for me.All in all the game is super fun, the single player is interesting, there is plenty to do and the hacking skills are just amazing, it's unique and fresh and i can't wait for story based DLC and hopefully they add things to do in Free Roam, like poker..i'd love to play poker and other mini games with my friends.If i had to give it a score based on numbers i'd give it an 8-8.5 out of 10 for it's over all experience, taking off points for boring and repetative multiplayer, rushed feeling story and rewarding me for failing."
,Not Recommended,243470,10302191,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,.aku,so the game still isn't fixed for that uplay rewards bug?gee thanks best 70$ i ever spentpotato/10wouldn't buy again
,Not Recommended,243470,10306618,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Metal Gear Failiure,"For my first two sessions of Watch Dogs, the main problem is the load times to log into uPlay. This time, logging in took about 2 seconds. I was quite supprised. But I was even more supprised when Watch Dogs made me BLUE SCREEN while loading up my save. I blame UPlay. Fun game, not so fun client."
,Recommended,243470,10331508,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,ОБРЫГА ИЗ 2К7,"The game is a masterpiece, I waited for her back in that year and hoped for success Projects. So it Fábregas. The game is very cool and I recommend it to all play. There tightens everything and plot, and graphics (if you can be PC). And for those who say that: ""The game failure, such pazor Ubisoft"" I honestly do not care, but the fact remains, the game is gud and all who do not like it go to the forest ♥♥♥♥ing!"
76561198020721652,Recommended,243470,11781974,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Z.agge,"Vitu kura♥♥♥♥♥a, ei♥♥♥♥♥♥♥...10/10 iha jees"
,Not Recommended,243470,15663047,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Very Bad Rat,"You don't watch any dogs.wtf ubisoft, step it up"
,Not Recommended,243470,10277734,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Bo Bo,"Where to start, It's a real shame about the optimization. I think as like many who own an AMD build, or with AMD part's are suffering in frame rates, texture pop's etc etc. I would love to play this game on high/ultra even though i have a build that is capable i'm currently playing on med. The game is still fun don't get me wrong but your experience is not as it should be.The story is, well it's okay. It's not on par as games in this nature ie the GTA series but it's okay.In my view, i would wait for the price to come down or a few patches down the line. The game to me is a £20 game in it's state."
76561198134128159,Recommended,243470,16359218,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Drraagh,"Very well done, some say in style of GTA. Driving is a bit looser, so cars may sway a lot more than you're used to but the big draws are the hacking to add an extra level of challenge to puzzle areas and the intruding of your game or intruding others. With the cameras, you can make it so you never set foot in challenge areas to complete objectives, and with the invading, well, it keeps you on your feet as it it random and different each time."
,Not Recommended,243470,16407572,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,=Axton=,"OK, for friends thinking of getting this, if you enjoyed GTAV you probably won't like W_D.  This feels like they took old Splinter Cell ideas, meshed them with Assassins Creed ideas, and shoved in a few Driver San Fransisco ideas.  The problem is none of them really fully work in W_D.  And a big warning to mouse/keyboard players, the driving in this is nearly unplayable, and driving cars fast is probably 30-40% of what this game is about.For example: bikes are especially bad since vehicles almost have some sort of auto acceleration, making you wonder why your car isn't stopping when you release the throttle.  edit: could be keyboard control glitches.The things are nice in this is the new idea of hacking: cameras, people's phones, traffic barriers, and things to keep you out of trouble, that feels new.  And some places of the game do look pretty good, even without mods. Plus getting to see Chicago in a game is neat.Playing GTAV after W_D really makes me realize how much work Rockstar put into it, and yes it's not the same type of game but Ubisoft doesn't quite give you that same feel, at least the PC version doesn't, but for the summer sale price it's tough to recommend this right now. If I didn't have so many hours in I'd ask for a refund.   I hope Ubisoft Toronto is in charge of making W_D2 because they nailed the PC version of Splinter Cell Blacklist.I am going to finish at least the main story, after that I can't say, but there are alot of side mission activities for those who do enjoy the ""Ubisoft brand of entertainment""."
76561198134318868,Recommended,243470,15014288,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,mandita71,"Just finished this game and really enjoyed myself.  I don't think this game is given enough credit for the great things about it.  Graphics were beautiful, missions were a lot of fun, and the story was pretty interesting to follow.  The only negatives I saw were that the fixer contracts got pretty repetitive after awhile, and I did run into an almost game-breaking bug during one of the main story missions.  Other than that, I had a blast hacking my home city!"
,Recommended,243470,10248289,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Ahravi the waff,"Spent 90 dollars on this♥♥♥♥♥♥after a friend told me several times that the PC version would be superior to the PS4 one. Then the game doesn't even work for me, I also happen to be running an AMD GPU so there's that too, but even Nvidia users are having issues as well.I do not recommend this right now.Wish I got the Ps4 version so I could at least play right now on my ""inferior"" version.Edit: Now 6 hours just sitting here waiting for either/both a game patch and new AMD drivers.God, Nvidia is going to be the end of PC gaming. Closed source this and that and proprietary everything.New beta drivers didn't fix it, now going on 15 or so hours now.EDIT 8-5-2014Now the game finally works and it's fun, though I already played through it on PS4. Still runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥though."
,Recommended,243470,10258926,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Loomaanaatii,"Great game but the first misison is trying to login to yUnoPLAY which never worked half the time.Also, It's unplayable on my r9 280x whichis interesting, but I guess it's geared more towards nvidia cards."
76561198022092608,Recommended,243470,10500800,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,njacks4,"Great game, but it felt short. The hacking the city concept is awsome and it feels like gta iv, but way better. Make sure you set the textures to medium and it will run perfect or if your a nvidia user let geforce experience set the settings automatically for you. idk how people are having trouble with uplay, but it works perfect for me."
76561198068137189,Recommended,243470,10254340,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Aye Its Yo Boy Martinez,This game is pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥. Just kidding. Its awesome. Double JK its terrible. Triple JK it is amazing. Must play.
,Recommended,243470,10282517,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Magsilent,"Fun game, refreshing content and open world setting, but i think it needs more longer campaign, recommended."
76561198004933330,Recommended,243470,28040398,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,SpaceHamsterBoo,While Watch_Dogs received some early negative reviews I found this to be one of the more enjoyable open-world games I've played.
,Recommended,243470,10283068,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Scuba Steve,"desptie all of the bad reviews the game is getting, I atcually engoy it. If your using AMD and have a framerate issue... herehttp://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/26taib/watch_dogs_pc_owners_important_information_inside/hopefully that'll help with your problem."
76561198288104718,Recommended,243470,23462067,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,2531860934,"a vivid story ....but,i can not stand the  picture quality on pc.....that destroy a  vivid  city.but, still a good story"
,Not Recommended,243470,22294059,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Mcsantna,Driving alone kills this game.
,Recommended,243470,10756759,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,kidd,"Pretty good game all except for the fact it was overhyped and filled with random lag,"
,Recommended,243470,28063356,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,SecretLeader,Awesome storyline love it.The controls are a bit slow but alright.
,Recommended,243470,33112893,Posted: 1 July,all,Błęåčhėđ Ķįňğ,ONE OF THE BEST10/10
76561198087093618,Recommended,243470,31998618,Posted: 27 May,all,BlisterZX,"This is honestly one of the best games I´ve ever played.The GTA Atmosphere combined with strategic hacking, a complex and amazing story with emotional moments and an open world feature which makes you feel like you really have the power to change the city.At first I only wanted to play Watch_Dogs because of the hacking aspect, but I have to say that everything this game has to offer is amazing. You really get attached to the story, even emotionally. But the thing is, as a Hacker, not everything will work out as planned. But I don´t want to spoil anything, since I recommend playing through this yourself, it´s worth every second of your life.10/10 Gameplay/Atmosphere/Possibilites/Story/CharacterDesign/OverallI just love this game, and I hope you will too :D"
,Recommended,243470,23912088,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Wolf Angelus,"The gameplay is like a mix of Assassin's Creed and Grand Theft Auto, with its own element of heavily focusing on hacking. The coolest part of the game is that you can pick your playstyle for many of the missions. If you want more of an AC feel - don't use guns and do stealth / hack kills. If you want more of a GTA experience - use your guns. If you use the gun path and use the single silenced weapon, the game will be very easy. It generally isn't hard anyway except a few missions get a bit tricky, but some smart manuevers will take care of that.There are a lot of side missions which may seem a bit repetitive, but are optional. If you love the world and the game, this will feel pretty natural. The Bad Blood DLC street sweep missions are really repetitive though and not worth the time. The story itself isn't anything super new, but it is great for the environment and game style picked. It would take around 15 hours to great through just the main story. The DLC adds about 4.The game runs well with only 1 random game close throughout those 50 hours. Very worth the price when it goes on sale for $20 for the game + all DLC.Personal experience score: 9.5/10Story: 9/10 - Pretty interesting if you are into the digital / hacker world, nothing revolutionary but still goodSound: 10/10 - Good sound throughout, some creepy or tense music to fit specific momentsGraphics: 9.5/10 - Looks great, the rain is awesome and the coat movement while riding a bike was nice. Water isn't super high endControls: 8/10 - Could have been a bit more smooth, it uses Assassin's Creed type controls I foundGame Length: 10/10 - 50 Hours of content easily if you drive from point to point and go for 90% completion"
,Recommended,243470,23935160,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Luxuria,"The game has a LOT of features. You can lose HOURS in this game and surely get your moneys worth, mostly on sale.First time I played the game I was extreamly disapointed (around release), but now I am very involved.The reviews are Mixed because the game is actually pretty good. The reason people are upset with it is because of the very high expectations that it set up and it did not reach.People expected a big conspiracy vigilanty and got Aiden, the protagonist lead by his personal motives. He is not a hero and the game itself is a bit confused about his place, or at least does not manages to present him in the right light. He is not the real hacker, he is not the one who traces the calls or breaks firewalls, that thing is boring in reality so it is done by a mysterious background character.People expected amazing hacking puzzles or simulations, and got one click hacking. Well, there are some hacking pipe-like puzzles which as simple are so pretty and thematically correct that I do not mind hacking like that from time to time to gain my intel. The one button hacking is useful for high speed chases, and tactical advantage. There could have been more design for some levels to allow you to completely let you sneak and hack your way though the problem and not force you into an endless spawn of policeman, but it is not that bad.I am not a fan of fast racing but I must admit that the driving part around is amazing. The type of vehicle you pick to ride has different speed and navigation - fast car, var or even a bike. The side fixer missions offer you the Need For Speed or GTA experiance, so it does earns its recomendation.The mini games are endless. From arcade, to collectables, racing and even chess. User created arcade games are also available.The online feature of jumpign in people's games or they coming in yours to hack you or race around is really nice (you can turn it off). While you are looking around a random guy comes and starts hacking you. You have to find him and stop him. The cat and mouse game is on.The story is not very original and starts off slow. The limitations of not following the main campain is what pushes you to continue, not that much the story. But it is not bad. This is not a story rich novel game where you only follow a story.The graphics are surely updated from release. The background and the map effect is amazing!The keyboard/mouse is not favarable by this game. It is obviously made for a controller and that provides the best experiance, but it is very much playable.I NEVER had problems with UPlay, on neighter Watch_Dogs or Assasins Creed."
76561198041199233,Not Recommended,243470,10271759,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Dubious Doobie,"""Each character in watch_dogs is completely unique and they react differently in all situations""... This is what was promised, what we got were a city of dead people who walk around. I shot at a woman for about 10 seconds, she just ran around in circles  screaming xD... ""In watch_dogs we have designed a new graphics engine that emphisises this is a living, breathing city."" What we got was terrible frame-rate and pop-ins... Good job Ubisoft... Good F****** job. 11/10 DO NOT BUY!"
76561198065835974,Not Recommended,243470,10368623,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,D3viantAssassin,I like the game although they should have released the pc version as playable not unplayble. Real unhappy with this game as the fps keeps dropping all the time even on lower settings (from 60 to 30) and it crashes every 10 to 15 minutes and i have to restart my computor because the screen goes black. I actually have a nvidia gtx 780 so its not only an amd issue. Hope ubisoft release a patch soon! I have more than capable hardware to run this game on ultra yet the game is just a 100 percent unoptimized piece of trash. DONT BUY IT UNTIL THEY RELEASE A PATCH. If it wasn't for the technical issues I would actually recommend it because it is very enjoyable so dont listen to the other people. The city is lively and wonderful place to explore.
,Recommended,243470,10382273,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Monark,"For those who say this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥is mad, if you want more realism buy a gun and make it happen instead of be saying♥♥♥♥♥♥This game is awesome, it has an amazing history and if it doest have that option that want is because its watchdogs not gta or anyother game!five stars"
,Recommended,243470,10380001,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Voldemort's Nipple,"Scanned some guy: ""Has a third nipple""10/10"
,Not Recommended,243470,10418741,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Punished Simba,"Remember the E3 2012 ten minute gameplay?Remember how all of us thought the game would look that way and play that way?Yeah, me too."
,Not Recommended,243470,11136840,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Fedora the exproler,"I BOUGHT this game like over 1 month ago AND I still didn't get to play it. The steam and uplay thing is just PLAIN STUPID!!! I activated the codes on uplay but when I launch it, IT LAUNCHES STEAM. THEEEN Steam launches uPlay asking for a CD Key... And when I launch it from STEAAAM it launches uPlay asking for a CD Key that I already ACTIVATED."
,Recommended,243470,28914633,Posted: 1 January,all,Azza Kazam,"Another one of those Poobisoft games that required multiple patches before it became anything as decent as it was promised to be. The driving mechanics are pretty bad, but the overall gaming experience and story are pretty strong here! Definitely very playable with a variety of activities both online and in comapign mode..."
76561198040607225,Recommended,243470,29291301,Posted: 15 January,all,Jordan Oquias,"Was overrated, now underrated. Wouldn't call it a gem, but it's a very good game for $9."
76561198074482153,Recommended,243470,16064746,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,BennettDrill,10/10 Would roadkill again...
76561198182378489,Recommended,243470,20204812,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,ISL_Gustaf,The best game ever
76561198086034547,Recommended,243470,22186787,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Snuggles,"While it doesnt deliver the ""True next gen experience"" as promised (it doesnt even have f*cking water splashes) its alright, i had fun"
,Recommended,243470,10264888,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Bænlynn,"If Grand Theft Auto and Assassin's Creed had an affair then their lovechild would be Watch_Dogs: an open-ended free-form sandbox game about a digital vigilante and his search for answers, revenge, and justice all at the swipe of a finger. At first I wasn't that keen on some of the plot details, but a few missions into the story and it really started to grow on me. UbiSoft have taken an uncommon protagonist and despite a few hiccups they make things work.At times though the combat is klunky, one minute you're free-running after a gun-toting psychopath and the next you're trying to take out other cars on the freeway, the transition between the two is somewhat smoother than one would expect but proper utilisation of all the tricks of your trade has a higher than average diffculty curve. You'll need to do a lot of exploring, and really get to know the city to take full advantage of all these things. Also: hard as it can be to remember, you are neither Altair, Ezio, or Desmond. You're a guy from chicago, so don't try and human-blender your way through crowds of enemies.Driving ranges from artful to agonising with little telling as to which vehicles are going to handle like pigs on ice and which are going to pirouette like a ballerina on a flag pole, as a general rule the handbrake is useless unless you like plouging through crowds of innocent bystanders, so get used to dropping the 'hand' from your 'handbrake turns.' The WiFi hotspots are also a great way for players to help each other out, leaving cash and other gifts for each other. it can be handy when you're strapped for cash. Speaking of cash... Is there any better feeling than to come across a mortgage broker who makes over 100K a year and donates money to hate groups and then drain their bank account?I was mad at first when the game made me compete/play against with other players for♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off the AI, and then I just LOVED it. It's fun to track down someone who's trying to hack your phone or trying to remain inconspicuous while tailing another player, it's a neat little gimmick that adds another layer of reality to the game.I still think that there's a lot in the gameplay here that needs tightening, but that hasn't stopped me from playing it for hours at a stretch."
76561198054023535,Recommended,243470,18140503,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Catpsyche,"This is another one of those games that was totally off my radar > COMPLETELY!!!  I had absolutely no interest in playing this game from what I watched on Youtube, from the formal and informal reviews I read, to all of the promos, to a few of the (hit and miss) vids that I was unimpressed by.  Even my friends told me to try it, and would say something about running away from cops, shooting up and blowing up crap, riding around hunting down drug lords in different types of cars you can steal.  And I'm like, ""I'm NOT interested in Grand Theft Auto, racing games, hookers, robbing people, or any kind of thug mentality!""  The name itself was a complete turn off for me!  Until finally the sale price was just right, I understood that I am a Stealthy-Rogue-Hacker, choose my own demeanor in the game, and that ""I create my own kind of gameplay in Watch Dogs!""  This game is so much more than ALL OF THAT, really?!  You can choose stealth, go in guns a blazing, and/ or everything in between.  Different scenerios calls for occasionally differ measures.  There are rewards for all types of behavior ingame.  You choose what you are going to do.  It is YOUR WORLD and OPEN WORLD here!  But I would say most importantly, you are a very skilled ""Computer & Network HACKER that will not let anything or anyone stand in your way and/ or threaten the people you love.""  You play a modern day Robin Hood in the heart of America, Chicago, from the rough side, thugs side, and poor side of the tracks all the way to the elite, discreet, privilaged executives that run things from the very top of the city back, all the way down to the sewers, literally.  You are a one man show but will work with others to get what you want.  They cross you and you have a whole host of resources at your very disposal... This game is a trip, quite a ride, and will leave you longing to do all of the things that your character is fully capable of doing.  As you skill up, scale up, level up, and put down, you will be begging for more gameplay by the end... This game will have you cussing at the game and your PC on failing certain missions and cheering [*YEAAAAH!!!] when you completely those same missions.  The game is replayable, enjoyable, quite a lengthy game, and you get to choose how hard of a game to go for or how easy.  And how you play and the choices you make effects the outcome of the game, with every choice you make... I have around 120 hours in on completing the Deluxe Edition, and didn't even nearly get to play all of the side missions that I could have played, and still can continue to play.  This game is brilliant and I will play Watch Dogs II whenever they come out with it!!! ^5"
,Not Recommended,243470,10268918,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Demrise,Game is utterly unplayable for me due to horrible performance drops once you start moving. Even on the lowest settings on a PC that is better than the recommended specs the game stutters horribly. That is after fixing the bug made the game freeze after pressing the 'start new game' button.The problems posted here are not universal to all players but at the moment I wouldn't risk it. Wait a few weeks and see if it gets patched.
,Recommended,243470,10323303,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Korvx,"After hearing all the bugs and errors in this game, I thought the hype was going to die quickly. Watch Dogs has worked perfectly for me and I recommend it to anyone that enjoys an open world - third person shooter, similar to the GTA series.Campaign took longer then expected to complete since you have various minigames and missions to do along the way. Storyline was in depth and the hacking part kept me entertained for days. The fact that anyone you spy into has a unique identity and their own story is really impressive and makes me want to hack them all!Multiplayer is a great aspect of the game and very enjoyable. Online Racing was one of the first modes I entered and apart from smashing my keyboard from hitting all the traffic and trees, or missing the ramps, it was entertaining. There's a total of 5 multiplayer modes, the most popular one is ""Hacking"" which is the first mode you will play in the game. In Hacking, a fellow hacker is trying to tap into your phone nearby, you need to identify him and finally take him out. This is one of my most preferred modes in the game.AI is very alert and interactive, lots of funny moments in this game (check out my screenshots).Only con with Watch Dogs is that its developed by Ubisoft so you'll need to activate it via there software, uPlay.ctOS 2.0 vs the World."
76561198040057251,Recommended,243470,10300988,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Horny Walrus,Amazing Game
,Recommended,243470,10300327,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Fraggadazz,Thsi game is awesome. That is all to be said.
76561198061989746,Recommended,243470,10301361,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,OMG ITS WHITE,"If you're gonna buy this game make sure you have a good graphics card and quite a bit of RAM, otherwise the game will pretty much just lag."
76561198039388732,Not Recommended,243470,11836404,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Legion,"Good story but badly optimized and it has uplay the bane of the pc games.Only buy it if you only want a good story and nothing else.Expect random lagging,bugs,crashes etc.Down with uplay!"
,Recommended,243470,14171441,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,✟4²ºƒιиεssε✟°,Good game with an Xbox controller and a good PC.
76561198129897200,Recommended,243470,11814061,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Abs0lute,"Very very fun, engaging combat.  Also a very intuitive approach on stealth and hacking.  Although I wish they incorperated it(hacking) a little more into the core gameplay.  Driving is very fun, and the destruction/explosions look fantastic!"
,Recommended,243470,11822587,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,AleranChampion,Pretty good game. Just a tip if you don't want other players invading your game (working on completing the campaign mode); log on to ubisoft and turn it to offline mode.
,Recommended,243470,24031450,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Mr. Cynical,"I recommend this game on the content I got; for $15 it's totally worth it and excellent.Though I can understand the reason people almost universally hate Watch Dogs. It is NOT what was promised at E3 2012. It's not at all that good. It runs fairly poorly, the graphics are pretty average, the physics are bog-standard, the story is placeholder at best, and the weapon/vehicle/apparel roster is pretty bare without DLC. If you paid $79 day-one price, you got play'd, son. But for $15? Hell yeah.Performance Numbers:Setup: GTX 970 @ stock + i5 4690k @ stockSettings: High + TheWorse Mod @ 1920x1080FPS: 60 usually, dips to 50 when driving, very rarely 45 during explosions or crashes in populated areasFor me and any potential buyers, coming after the numerous early patches and server fusterclucks means it's a lot better than the universal opinion suggests. The vehicles are fun to drive and handle fairly realistically, the online is hella fun (spying on other players without them knowing is shamelessly fun) and the gameplay is well done. The world is massive and populated, with all sorts of people, vehicles and sidequests appearing in their respective locations. The missions are large and numerous, but it never feels like the devs are just ""making work"" to pad the runtime. It's very well polished in terms of features and the difficulty proved amusingly challenging (though I recommend ""realistic"" even to those new to the game; otherwise it's ""Press X to win"")Now, mods; since this is a PC game, after all. I intended to use the multiplayer so I only used the ""TheWorse E3"" mod, which is a graphics reconfiguration that more closely mimicks the E3 demo we saw without modifying gameplay (so multiplayer is still fair), though there are many other mods to try should the vanilla experience bore you."
76561198091080698,Recommended,243470,28314786,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,[V.I.P]Moodyman2275,"""I don't look back anymore. I don't regret. I look forward. Everything is connected, and I'll use that to expose, to protect, and if necessary… to punish.""-Edgy Protagonist"
,Not Recommended,243470,10697888,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Fallen 270,0/10So broken I couldn't watch dogs.
,Recommended,243470,10757602,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,theCountofKeys,"Watch Dogs delivered 100% of what was advertised. So many big E3 announcements end up being disappointing upon release, and after so many Fables, it was great to boot up this game and be greeted with exactly what I had been waiting for for two years. In this regard, Ubisoft did everything exactly right.In short, if you were immediately excited by the first trailer of Watch Dogs, you'll definitely be satisfied with the final product!"
,Not Recommended,243470,11114430,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Sectus,"A very interesting take on modern applications of technology such as the internet, security, and city-wide control systems, Watch_Dogs is definitely an enjoyable experience. The campaign plays out the tragic story of Aiden Pearce, a vigilante grey hat hacker who searches for the cause of the death of his niece.While the campaign is definitely a decently written part of the game, the primary, and most boasted feature of the game is what is referred to as 'online hacking'. This segment features the player entering the world of another player and attempting to install a 'backdoor' into their phone to steal information. Though the premise is original, and the gameplay was enjoyable there for a while, the online play is plagued with fatal mistakes in design that allow players to exploit the system in order to avoid losing points for losing at any given mission.Most of the time, players simply leave the game mid-session in order to avoid their punishment. Sadly, this exploit works both ways, so even if I find myself being hacked, and I discover the hacker, they are easily able to quick the mission and avoid losing points.Really, most of the game's hype relied on this online aspect, and the fact that it is ruined by young kids with a poor sense of sportsmanship detracts from the overall appeal. In my opinion, the campaign alone is not enough to make up for the massive holes in the online feature. Until this is updated to prevent such slimy cheats, I say you save your money on this one."
,Recommended,243470,13916904,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,DayZRP.com Haraldsson,amazing game!
76561198012551368,Not Recommended,243470,10357434,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Crimzon187,Fix the loading screen cant get past the never ending loading screen of doom ill rate a good review on this when you either remove uplay from watch dogs or you fix the damn game so its enjoyable for computer 60 dollars for nothing and no refund thanks
,Not Recommended,243470,10266059,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Smithy,"Not one for writing reviews but i would like to recommend people not to buy this at least not untill the Uplay issues are fixed. Odd's are you wont even be able to get into the game to play not sure why they pushed the launch of Watch dogs back, it clearly was not to fix uplay/server issues."
,Not Recommended,243470,10266211,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,BillDerwent,"Totally, utterly and thoroughly disappointed with this purchase.First attempts to play failed due to Ubisoft and their infuriating 'Uplay' - which fails more often than it works. Of course, updates on what was going on were not forthcoming. This morning I tried before heading out to work, and it ran. Success! Home tonight, tried again, and it starts failing in a perpetual 'update required' loop. I've now uninstalled it. 40 quid not well spent.I cannot put in to words how pathetic this launch was, and how uninterested I am in playing this now. Total and utter waste of my money. It will be my last purchase from Ubisoft while they insist on using UPlay.::Edited to Include::So I waited and waited, then re-installed and blah. Eventually managed to play the game. It feels like Grand Theft Auto and the classic Lotus Esprit game mated and this is it's offspring. For a game in which driving plays a large part, the mechanics feel awful. Nothing feels fluid and smooth, which frankly, is a big thorn in this game."
76561197970499534,Not Recommended,243470,10266566,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,AwfulRob,"It's like a cake with beautiful icing and delicious cheerys.  Only the cake itself is pretty average.There's fun to be had but so much of this game is clunky and amateur.  Instant fail stealth missions, cars that have all the grip of a horse running on ice and autosaves *before* a cutscene grrrrGo play Saints Row 4 or GTAV instead"
76561198035633731,Not Recommended,243470,10266551,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,cnxracer,"When I first saw this game, I thought that it was going to be amazing.  And it was!  For about 5 minutes.  After you complete the starting mission, you get thrown into a world with a bunch of stuff to do.  But, none of the stuff is interesting.  Most of it is go here and kill these people, or bash these people over the head.  Except for the hacking missions, which are cool, but after you do the same general thing 20-30+ times, it gets really old, and then just becomes a grind.  Now, the driving.  Oh, god, the driving.  I don't play many games that use cars as a means of transportation, or as the basis.  But, wow, I've never seen a game handle this badly with vehicles.But the WORST part of this game isn't the content of the game (which, while boring, isn't too bad.  It works correctly).  It's how badly it plays.  Unlike a lot of these reviews, I don't get massive FPS drops, or just plain low FPS.  However, the game just doesn't work with multiple screens.  I run my rig with 2 screens, and it just doesn't understand that the computer should have only one mouse.  It keeps the computer's mouse on my second screen while the game has it's own.  I try to right click to aim, I open the options drop down on my other screen.  I try to left click to fire, I'm opening Chrome on the other screen.  Which, of course, instantly pauses the game.  So, just about any time I get into any combat, my game will pause every 10-15 seconds, because I need to actually fight.Overall, do NOT recommend.  This game sounds good on paper, but when you actually play it, you just feel that they didn't care and were rushing it out too fast."
76561197984902417,Not Recommended,243470,10312682,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Giffmoney,"Played around 40 hours, beat the campaign and any side quests that interested me, all that’s left is to uninstall. This game was all hype, while I enjoyed it enough to finish the game, I have absolutely NO desire to complete it in entirety or to play though again on hard. It's VERY system heavy I do not recommend to anybody who isn’t using a state of the art rig or close to it. I can't help but feel as though I've wasted my money. There are more immersive open world experiences out there. Back to DARK SOULS!!!!!"
,Recommended,243470,10398461,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Damien Crow,"Good game but could have been better. Great potential for a sequel since Ubisoft has a record of making an OK first impression but fixing their mistakes and improving vastly as they go. Story is decent though many missions, storyline or side, feel repetative since many of the side mission dynamics are either introduced or over implimented in the main storyline. Overuse of collection and completion objectives, gets tiring after a while. Multiplayer aspects can be fun though doing them also adds to completion and being good at them can unlock things to contribute to the singleplayer campaign which tends to bother me since as a completionist, it requires I play enough to get good at multiplayer in order to get all unlocks. Mini games within the game (which include full games of chess and poker) are also unlocks and can take a fairly long time to complete. Combat is fun, driving and chases with hacking is a blast. Minor use of delays and un-necessary game mechanics to make chases/fights more challenging since they clearly would not be otherwise. Overall the current metascore (which sits currently at 78 for PC) feels accurate. It's good, it's fun, but has lots of room for improvement."
76561198310213696,Recommended,243470,33097110,Posted: 1 July,all,DarkFoutain,"I was suprised by how much fun this game is. The hacking is really quite satisfying and enjoyable. Other then that it is litterally gta but with a smaller map, no air vehichles, and no multiplayer. The graphics are nice enough. Well worth it for 8 dollars steam sale price.7/10 would hack your bank account again"
,Recommended,243470,10282264,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,[L],"The Watch_Dogs hype was huge prior to the release of this game. Maybe a little too much hype. The storyline is in-depth and strong. Character emotions can sometimes create an effect on the player. The ability to control almost every single electronic device in the city is amazing. The player's morale is questioned throughout the game. Steal her hard earned money? Or leave it untouched? Hack into his text messages to find possible criminal activity? Or let the crime commence. These are just a few of the player controled feats in Watch_Dogs. While the story is great, the weapons are good as well. There is a variety of weapons and vehicles in the game. The weapons are not the easiest to control, but that is a good thing. It brings challenge to the game. However, everyone at Ubisoft Reflections (the geniuses behind the vehicles) must have all been high during development of the vehicles. Almost every single car handles poorly (drifting in garbage trucks is dangerous). Driving with a keyboard is difficult until you can get the feel of the cars and learn to drift properly so you dont slam into every poor pedestrian on the sidewalk. Using a controller is better for driving right now. The graphics are not what they were in the trailers. Night time looks amazing while day time looks rushed and poorly designed (My settings are maxed out, no luck.) Although many are complaining about bugs and crashes, I personally have not come across any issues as of yet. (A good 12 hours of play time). Watch_Dogs is an amazing game that can improve. The game is working and isn't unplayable. Make sure you can run the game first, as low-end pcs have zero chance of running past the intro. (That goes for most intel users as well.) If your pc can handle Watch_Dogs, then you should get it. Don't complain about uplay or use it as an excuse not to get the game. It's worth it. Watch_Dogs : 9.5/10"
,Recommended,243470,29312575,Posted: 17 January,all,LookingForDuoPUBG(KenNHK),Good game :3
76561197980732470,Not Recommended,243470,10267356,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,WOW CHEESE PIZZA,"Uplay is the worst thing Ubisoft could have done. If i could I would get my money back for this game. Gameplay, when available, is ok. For me Uplay is the nail in the coffin. Whoever thought up that idea needs to be fired and not allowed to work in the gaming industry."
,Recommended,243470,35106771,Posted: 21 September,all,RandomMinez,Love it :3
,Recommended,243470,28756260,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Snips<<Tf2 anniversary hype,A must buy game if you like 1.Hacking.                              2.Setting of explosives by hacking 3.Causing huge accidents by    hacking.                                Driving in this game is pretty bad and hard like others say but a game is not all about driving u know.
76561198050137963,Recommended,243470,19548779,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,polsch,"Despite a few minor bugs, all I have to say is I found this game truly engaging and fun, with good open-world mechanics, missions, visuals, and stutter-free graphics, running at locked 60 fps so far. Recommended"
,Recommended,243470,10277916,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,envY,"The game does not look like the E3 footage, Ubisoft lied to us and it looks kinda meh.The game runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥and is not optimized. Furthermore, it's a horrible console port.BUT: It is fun! The city feels alive and overall the gameplay is quite entertaining."
,Recommended,243470,18151765,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,XmattbeeX,"I thought the story and single player experience was great. Once they fixed the graphics issues, this game was a blast."
,Recommended,243470,15233000,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,GUNSLINGERN7,I really Enjoyed this game. Great game play and Story. Good Variety Desent replayability. Very Fun.
,Recommended,243470,23818692,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Gothmog,"This game is no GTA killer but it is good in it's own right, provided that you download mods, like The Worse to enhance the graphics of the game and to improve performance as well. The story is not bad but it's script could use some work I dislike how Aiden Pierce is in the game. I like the hacking puzzles but the problem I have with the game is the awful driving controls which take getting used to. The DLC is worth getting as well and I would buy the game is along with it's DLC on sale."
,Recommended,243470,10330543,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Ruiner X,This game is amasing! Its GTA for hackers.
,Not Recommended,243470,13397843,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Brapapapapa,"Bought this game for 20 bucks when it cost 60.I regret my decision.Game is full of bugs.I HATE the vehicle physics, they are simpily bad.The game audio is ATROCIOUSThis game was  overhyped, wish i saved my 20 bucks because other games were on sale for the same price when i bought it.Save your money"
76561198355808814,Recommended,243470,30787515,Posted: 27 March,all,谈笑风生蛤蛤?,"Watch dog is a geat game,but the game have too many bugs ，and I want to say Ubisoft's server like a♥♥♥♥♥♥We are genuin game's victim."
,Recommended,243470,30790291,Posted: 28 March,all,Clipper01745,"I dont understand why people hate on this game so much, Its a very good game and yes I know people say it has FPS drops but its a massive world so driving arround huge areas is going to drop some FPS due to map loading between areas.Thsi I found was alot better when I maxed out the ""Max GPU Frame Buffer"" option and also installing to a SSD or faster drive will help.The hacking part is not as good or as imersive as Watch Dogs 2 same can be said for the driving. But still if you level up your Driving perk and dont expect mussle cars to turn and handle like a hot hatch at speeds the driving is decent.All in all I give it a solid 7 out of 10 and well worth picking up on sale, I got it for £12 ($15 USD) during its last sale and have not regreted it all."
,Recommended,243470,24237238,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,FD God,"Died because of ubisoft, slowly was pushed out by 600+ developers. Full of bugs but is overall a great game, don't have too high expectations."
,Recommended,243470,10957331,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Moo,"Amazing game. Might be a little laggy for some computers, but this game is really good. You should get it."
76561197966087654,Recommended,243470,10252037,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Munkeh_boi,"Well first of all i dont understand all the issues everyone is having with this game. Im playing on maximum spec with the in game options and the only framerate drop i get is when i drive at high speeds Im runningGeForce GTX 660 TiAMD Phenoom II X4 965 processor16GB RAMWindows 7 unltimate 64bitNow to the reviewI will say i agree that this game was rather over-hyped but thats just the media doing its job. Its probably not worth the price tag i paid (£44.99 for the deluxe edition) and id say a better estimate would be about £25-£30The driving mechanics are good but i tend to find the cornering a little slow, almost a half second delay between pressing the key to turn and the car actually turning.. with practice though this becomes a non issue. At first be prepared to lose reputation as you accidently mow down civilians though :/ Every car in the game having an internal camera view is a nice touch, even if the interiors all look pretty much the same.The cover system i actually find easy to get used to and the gunplay is better than i was expecting. Dont get me wrong its no CoD or Counter strike but with the aim assist turned off its satisfying if a little recoil happy with some wepons. There are perks you can get by spending skill points that reduce this however. There are a decent amount of wepons in the game to choose from that range in power and price as you would expect.The mini games dotted around are fun to try out but do become repetative as its just the same thing in a different location, the challenges your given to get special rewards for completing these games make it worth perservering with them and they are generally fairly easy to complete.The stealth system is good as you have to actually work at not being discovered by patrolling gaurds or criminals doing there thing and the melee take downs are fun to see the first few times but become a bit repetative eventually.Now to the hacking feature.. Ive not unlocked all the features yet such as raising bridges but what you can do is pretty fun. wandering around looking at civilian profiles can provide some entertainment as they have some unusual things there but as you progress youll probably find that this too gets a bit repetative, unless you have a good imagination and use the things you can hack in interesting ways (such as using the blockers to launch unsuspecting cars into the air or using water pipes to make people fly backwards)Graphically the surroundings are well put together and look great, as i said above im playing on max spec with my machine and not having any real difficulties so i cant say what it would be like on lower spec machines. There is good variation in vehicles and civilians within each district as well as the buildings themselves although they could have put more interiors in. This has been the call of many gamers for years with almost every sandbox game though so if any dev ever does it i dont think it will be soon :/Ive turned all the online functions off as that just doesnt interest me at the moment but i may stick them on again at some point and then ill edit my review with the findings.Overall i am enjoying playing this game and would reccomend that anyone interested in it wait a little while for it to either come down in price or go on sale. With the perk tree there is a decent amount of replayability at least at the start when you start to decide if you want to be a 'good' or 'bad' guy and if you want to go all guns blazing or stealth.Id give it a 8/10"
76561198008996077,Recommended,243470,11887544,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Yeddy Splatatatatata,"after playing this game for so long I can say that it brings much lols and pleasures. I love going into the city crashing into people with my heavily armored vehicles and running over people without much of problem from the police. You can even do it slowly in front of people and they wont call the police :D. Chicago is great. Oh, and even if you are near a police station and you're causing a mass histeria by blowing up vehicles and killing tons of people as long as the comms are down they wont respond :D"
,Not Recommended,243470,10269416,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Huynim,The first mission is quite a difficult one where you have to repeatedly try to log in to the Uplay mainframe.
76561198043755015,Recommended,243470,10435943,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,You'reAdopted,This game is so intense very hard at times but worth it at the end
76561198302159683,Recommended,243470,35268312,Posted: 28 September,all,metroidman25,It's a great open world game to do anything I highly recommend it if you like that kind of thing
,Recommended,243470,35392165,Posted: 1 October,all,ŦħE TARÐIS,"Well, I try to play the game and every Online lobby has a legit hacker in it.the only problem I have is the legit hackers and the fact that theres quite a few exploits to kill in Online.10/10 Would use EasyAntiCheat again.3/10 Would play Online Watch_Dogs again10/10 Would play Watch_Dogs again"
,Recommended,243470,11351179,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,951Jimbo,"UPDATE ***** Just looking at other reviews, it seems that a majority of the negative reviews are from people whose PCs cannot run the game.  This game will require a good graphic card and a better CPU, see the published recommended specs*****This game is seriously good.  If you have enjoyed the Grant Theft auto series you will like this game.  If you thought the gameplay of GTA was good but you weren’t fond of the mature themes, I suspect this will fit the bill.   When the game first released I remember seeing lots of video showing the hacking aspects of the game; such as raising protective shields, blowing up stream pipes, etc.  But in the actual gameplay it is often very similar to GTA.  Pull out your favorite gun, blow everyone away, escape by a hi-jacked car.  Its far less raunchy than GTA (but still has some nudity and language), the story is that of a moral dilemma, and the stealth play is VERY well done.The graphics are stunning.  There has been a lot of controversy about the visuals being less impressive than first demoed at E3.  But this isn’t surprising given the level of performance complaints.  Whilst I cannot run even a “high” present with an i5 4670 and a GTX 770 – the game still looks good once you get the settings right.  Keep in mind, our console counterparts are running the game on “medium” locked at 30FPS at 792p.  Overall the game is stunning.  My $00.02: run textures and level of detail on high if possible (will need 2gb video card) and see where you are at.  If you still have FPS room turn on some Antialiasing (tx if you have NVidia) and turn water on high along with MBOA+.Gameplay is overall good.  I felt very compelled to complete the next mission so that I could see the story unfold.  Once the main story is played through there are a lot of side missions: creating a good value for money argument in its favor.  The cars drive quite well for an open world game, it’s pretty impressive compared to older open world titles like GTA4.  The guns handle and play well.  You will NEVER run out of ammo unlike GTA titles.  My only complaint is that auto aim cannot be completely turned off.  The controls are a bit awkward.  Ubisoft recommends playing with a controller, however I disagree.  A slight tweaking of the controls can help a lot.  I setup the controls like Hitman Absolution: Ctrl is profiler, Caps lock is weapon draw (hold for wheel), and tab is cell phone menu.The story is one about the morals of revenge.  It was somewhat predictable, but well done.  The ending leaves you with a choice, which doesn’t impact much IMO, but lets you define your character.  I really wanted to see more about Dedsec (the hacker group), but maybe that’s being saved for a DLC or sequel.Overall, I would give the game 4/5 stars.  I take a bit away because the out of the box controls are a bit odd, and I think the game could have been better optimized for PC."
,Recommended,243470,30688847,Posted: 23 March,all,Dimitrensen,"Very nice prespective of gangster Chicago, lots of action and great concept. I finished the main story and carried on playing the side quests cause I liked it so much! However after main story is completed you are pretty much done with playing. Worth it!"
,Recommended,243470,32948238,Posted: 28 June,all,proteinfolder,"Ok game, the beginning is quite weak, but history picks up after the first act. I do not recomend playing it as a good-guy/stealth. It is much more fun playing as a the punisher."
76561198370857769,Recommended,243470,32965597,Posted: 28 June,all,Twenty Seven,Very Awesome Story I'd Play It Again Over GTA 5's Story But There Both Good Games
76561198121110527,Recommended,243470,32957137,Posted: 28 June,all,davidguimard21,superb
,Recommended,243470,10547387,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Martsmac,Poorly optimized even for high end systems. But an enjoyable game. Not without it's faults. 3GB of VRAM per card recommended to max out graphics.
,Recommended,243470,10262108,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Penys,WOW SO GUUD GAME MUCH HACK SO STEALTH WOW 10/10 IGN wow doges play the doges man
,Not Recommended,243470,10315830,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,badmadbug,"Do. Not. Buy. THATGraphics from ps3, physic... well... from NES i think. Very boring gameplay, maybe first 30 minutes you feel it's like something new - then you repeat an repeat those 30 minutes 'till the end. And no optimisation for pc at all, a game'll lag on ANY machine. It's better to wait for -75% sale."
,Not Recommended,243470,10436107,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Lacool,horrible
,Recommended,243470,11154716,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Rosetta Laine,Its The Best!
76561198033769414,Recommended,243470,12016907,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Masked_Man,"Awsome game.Good graphics, amazing story and realistic gameplay.an AAA game that You need to check out!"
,Recommended,243470,11916494,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Zero,Best Game
,Recommended,243470,10424679,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Cropped Pr0n,"Some things I dislike about the game, the story takes a long time to get going, that sucks since the main character, Aiden, is a bit boring...You also can't shoot from your car and the radio sucks.Other than that, it's a good challenge and a lot of fun, with a decent storyline. So I'd still reccomend it."
,Recommended,243470,10261464,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,♰ _BlInD_ Camper,Ok... so i am standing waiting for online contract to start and here boom idiot slams brakes and another hits him in the back.... SO REAL :)Another accident walking in the park ...trying to steal bank accounts... some criminal stabs another civilian or steals something from him and starts running away... so i start pursuit...MAN this game is awesome so many random events that happen it makes my experience more fantastic...this game gets 10/10 from me8/10 for music.... could have done better. :)
76561198044021787,Recommended,243470,10261458,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Dcode,"Ok I will have to admit first hand, no i have not been in the group that reports of continuous crashes, and i too have an AMD higher end build with a fx 4170, sapphire 2Gb 7850, 16Gb DDR3, and ASUS Sabertooth Mobo and must say that i was a little dissapointed i couldnt max the game above 40fps considering i max BF4 at a stable 60. Beyond that though the game still looks incredible on medium settings at 1080p in my opinion. Yes i have my special features like shadows and reflections turned down but i still find the game looks really good and considering us PC players are probably not going to see GTA 5 anytime soon, or any other decent open world games comming out in the near future (over the summer at least) then Watch_Dogs still proves to be on the upper level of games that have been lacking lately. The story in Watch_Dogs is great and when i can get involved into a game to conect with the characters as much as i did with those in this game then i want to continue playing to see what they are going to throw at me next. I also need to say that i play this on a gamepad controller and compared to mouse i think for this game its the way to go i mean it can be played on mouse and keyboard but i find everything flows and the mechanics of the game seem to react much better on a controller (i have same opinion about the batman arkham games too).Im going to lay out some pros and cons and impressions of the game at my current 6 hour mark of playing.Pros-Story is incredible and it really connects you to the characters through the development of Aiden's life-Grahics might be a little buggy and slow on max but even on lower settings make the game look great-My game has been bug free (why im not sure but it is) no crashes and even Uplay is working (which is strange for my past experiences with it)-I have not felt it being repetitive unlike any other game out there thats open world i mean i would love it if the game never had a mission that felt similar the next time but the truth is that there will never be a game like that and at least this one gives you the freedom to play the game how you want it and your choices actually make a difference to the world around you.-The game world is very involving making you feel like you can make a difference rather than being the hero behind the scenes that everyone could care less about as the story progresses based on your choices of handling certain situations civilians and media will react different around you and this makes for a very good dynamic game when you want to change things up.-There are plenty of other great parts about this game and did it live up to the hype of the new age of video games no maybe not but it deffinitly tops my worth $60 games which so far only 2 other games have lived up to (skyrim, and Halo Sorry people been a Halo fanboy since CE never going to change)Cons-because many people are reporting it makes it an issue and that is the chance that you too might experience the crashes and Uplay problems but knowing Ubisoft and the amount of money put into this game they are working on getting it straightend out as fast as possible.-Uplay (nuf said)-Game doesnt seem so photoreal that it should be running so poorly on max settings i mean its nice looking but its not uber PC only material-Driving takes quite a bit of skill and some cars (mainly muscle types) seem to get out of control a little to easy but after enough practice i actually really liked the driving system a ton (this comming from an avid Forza Motorsport, Gran turismo, PGR , need for speed, burnout player)-If you plan on being stealthy so far there is only one gun i really use (silenced 1911) otherwise stealth goes out the window for any other gun, but the amount of guns to have is very large which is why this is a con why have so many guns if i cant get a chance to use them in other places than massive gun fightsOverall this is still a fantastic game and it sucks so many people are having problems with it but normally the pattern i see when people are having issues like that is when their connection speeds and ping is much higher than normal (might not be everyone but just noting a reacuring problem i see in other games too). Plus with how much publicity this game got its no wonder Ubisoft's servers are having problems everyone probably overloaded them just like any other big retail release would (i mean perfect examble: BF4 game wouldnt work for almost 2 weeks after it came out and still rough today) If you are considering it give it about a week or two see how things straighten out and then make your decision personally im happy with my purchase and i havnt bought another $60 retail game since BF4 and before that Halo 4."
,Recommended,243470,17454802,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Very Buttery Bread,Meh.....
,Recommended,243470,10871623,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Lock,"Sure if you're looking for GTA V on Watch_Dogs, then you're going to be disappointed, but if you're just looking for a great sandbox game on its own, then you're in the right place.Watch_Dogs personality hangs on the hacking theme, unique in a game like this. While the story it's not an oscar winner material, it's not bad either and can be considered some kind of criticism to how we live these days, but the real strengths about this game are in its gameplay, multiplayer and content(side missions, collectibles and stuff).It's a game definitely worth your time. Of course it had some problems on launch day (server and performance issues, mostly solved by now), but this seems to be a problem with the industry these days, not the game. And if you are complaining about the graphics, just use the TheWorseMod and be done with it. ;)My veredict 8/10."
,Not Recommended,243470,10367632,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,BACI SAVAR 스,60$'a BİLGİSAYARINIZI SİKİYO
,Recommended,243470,10285674,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Kytoro187,I hacked into a phone conversation and a man was talking about how bad he had to pee when he was having sex. Would hack again.You buy now!
,Recommended,243470,28911433,Posted: 1 January,all,Happy HünterZ,"What could be better than a cool game about hackers?Well, to be honest, a lot of things.7/10"
,Not Recommended,243470,29317176,Posted: 17 January,all,Sandels2200,FPS Drops all the time even on low settings even though I have MSI GTX 1060 Gaming X 6G. You might want to play this if you don't care about the fps constantly dropping from 60 to 30.
76561197965481428,Recommended,243470,10340768,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,ПƗǤĦŦM₳ɌƐ,"Such a addicting game! the lighting,shaders,specular maps are truly next gen, just make sure u have a badass gpu, yes there is still some bugs and glitches but minor other then a stuttering issue which is getting fixed. It's a pretty unique open world game, it was a lil slow first hours but once u get into it its amazing and alot of fun.only dissapointments for me where no more melee and martial arts fighting, all guns and takedowns but nonetheless its a fun game just thought sleeping dogs was really great with that martial arts system and shouldve added some of that into this.The storyline is pretty good not that far in and people joining my game seamlessly all of a sudden catch u off guard and are kinda funny sometimes, the hacking is alot of fun and a great way to get rid of pursuers in the car without having to shoot at them.All in all i enjoy this game, it might be a lil overhyped but is not a bad game at all so many MISLEADING reviews just becuase they can not run this game or complaining about uplay, or just ♥♥♥♥♥ing about something instead of giving a good review."
76561198080114182,Recommended,243470,10259691,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,jake_craun,"I see a lot of reviews downvoting this game, however I haven't had any real trouble with it. I did have trouble at the uplay login screen until I loged in offline. After that, I was in the game. I was first expierencing framerate issues, so I turned down the graphics to medium, now the game runs smooth, not one frame rate skip, and the game still looks great. With all of the technicalities taken care of, I can enjoy the game for what it is, and it is great! Fantastic and unique graphics, voice acting, gameplay, and story! The game alone is worth the money because it is so good, but the game also has other awesome modes that makes this game a steal. This is one of my favorite games and I reccomend it to everyone I know."
,Recommended,243470,10380811,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,"Heatrex- Itse Me, Mario!","Watchdogs,...well lets say first of all, it's goodbut, it's just like GTA, but count some ""hacking"" in itdont get me wrong it's a damn good game and i didnt complete it yet."
,Not Recommended,243470,11425180,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,psychopete,Not worth £45. Absolute garbage!
,Recommended,243470,11519807,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Panda,Good Game Over hyped tho.
76561198010913134,Not Recommended,243470,10258385,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,arnaud.razanam,"Do not buy this game until it drops price, like seriously drops price.First and foremost, graphics isn't everything HOWEVER I am truly sick and tired of devloppers making their 'trailers' and 'gameplay' footage look fantastic when in fact the actaul game itself isn't even close to that. Almost another Aliens Colniel marines we have here ! Instead of stupid ai, we have endless lag !Anyways, the game. Storyline so far, good it is fun and I do love the ability to nose into peoples lives it would of been nice to have say all buildings exploreable etc The side activities, mostly are fun and not too much of a chore to do. The gun play is ok. The multiplayer is fun if it is what you like doing and there isn't any loading screens etc, its all part of the enviroment/gameplay which is great. The driving could be a lot better but isn't bad either. The ONLY uniqueness about it is the hacking ability which in its way gives npc's life and interesting car chase.However, like all other gamers here. I have had a LOT of trouble trying to launch watch dogs. The first attempt failed to even get Uplay to work. The I crashed once during gameplay, lag on all settings it doesnt matter whther its ultra, high, medium or low. For me its even worse when I enter a car chase. This totally breaks immersion in a game that I do like but hate because of all the lag and thus due to that I focus on mostly all the negative points. Sounds are also off at times but that is most likely due to lag.So final verdict, putting aside the lag, crashing and more lag. Its an ok-enjoyable game, storyline and its side activities make it enjoyable but for how long I don't really know. But with the bad poitns its a game that should of been delayed further instead of thrown out with so many issuse."
76561198004217808,Not Recommended,243470,17272521,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Ahota the Bombad,"Horrible, piece of trash, If they hand it to you free, request a refund."
,Not Recommended,243470,11540967,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Liktor,"What a Godawful game.One of the, if not most, overhyped game of recent years.If you like disappointments AND wasting $60, then buy this game."
76561198243195506,Recommended,243470,23514566,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,pygarion,"it's a real cool game.. endless thigs to reveal and recover... to observe, to  spy and hack.... to visit and learn..... to drive , fight or even kill...... to investigate.....  ... .. .. . . . ... or just to walk around and enjoy the atmosphere of Chicagofor me the game is highly entertaining and addictive"
,Recommended,243470,18004968,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Tvde1,"Great game! The driving is really not that bad, and the hacking ability is awesome!. And for the ones complaining about the graphics being worse than showed in the trailer, go download a to make them even more nice!"
76561198126643447,Recommended,243470,28678508,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,daily plays,there are many ups and downs about this game because the free roam can be quite fun but certain missions can be very repetetive but certain ones can be very fun and especaily the dlc. I think i would reccomend this game :)
,Recommended,243470,10270627,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Shuck You,"am i the only one enjoying the game without crashing? and yes does have some optimization issues, would be wise to wait like a month or two before buying just so some updates get out"
,Recommended,243470,14345570,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Adam.,This game got a ton of bad reviews. I loved it.
,Recommended,243470,10268891,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Dejays,"Just saw someone walking to a woman, pull out a gun and yell: DEMON! and shot her. Couldn't help but laugh."
,Recommended,243470,10272188,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Voice Anon,"Alright, I'm going to be honest with my review right now. There's a bit of me that's conflicted on the parts of optimization, though that's later for me to discuss. To begin with, the game was like a mix between Deus Ex and Assassins Creed, which, although I don't prefer, saw to be a good combination. Now, the platforming and having to jump between a countless amount of computer cameras, security cameras, all to twist some pipes in the magic hacking realm of his iPhone did seem a bit boring.The way they were to compensate was with little commands to activate grenades, jam comms, or distract guards . . . If you're doing stealth or are -forced- to do stealth. I myself took the stealth route and upgraded my stealth, hacking, and driving all the way up. For a portion of the game, it's pretty damn boring, and I'd prefer more fast travels instead of being forced to relive activating that one overhead sign to say ,""Such hack, many board,"" or something along the lines. Regardless, after a while with the top heavy driving system that reminded me of Saints Row 3 and 4, I got accustomed to it all.Weaponry in the game is pretty nice, though I'd like a different system to maintain what weapons you want, like how Farcry could let you only carry four of the weapons you needed. Something akin to that or the 'favorite' system on Skyrim. The ♥♥♥♥ty UI for guns and also the in game menu seem to be made up for in the action, where I can just start chain reactions, or raise a barrier and watch some loon slam right into it and out of his windshield (Not really).Sound quality is meager, and voice acting is alright, I suppose. Explosions tend to drown out any talking, and the subtitles in English are delayed by a few seconds. I had to go into the settings and adjust everything around, when you'd assume a game would start with a perfectly optimized sound system going for them. One of the cool things with music, though, is your ability to choose what plays in your car, and even have it play outside of your car. I was able to take one Rap song, a Folk song, and some Electro and just listen to that without any other 'crap'.The major negativity for this game is on the hand of if you're an AMD user, since this game is optimized for Nvidia. Even though Nvidia graphics are meant for this game, when you start getting in a car and even slipping past thirty miles per an hour, you start to see frame skipping. I myself was playing windowless 1280x720 on the lowest settings to confirm the fact that even with the lowest of graphics and AA, there's still heavy frame skipping. Hopefully they'll be able to get patches out to make it so the game is optimized not only with Nvidia better, but work with AMD without skipping, crashing, and frustrated users typing in negatively about Watch_Dogs.Another tid-bit which was mildly infuriating was the fact I had to open up Uplay again to play the game, which seems to be Ubisoft's standard now for their games. I understand the company is trying to be the next Steam in a sense, and I don't mind having them dream . . . At the least they shouldn't shove it down our throats. Another thing to add is the fact I was playing for a few hours without internet and everything was just find, so I don't understand why people speak about the game being DRM. I mean, sure, to get chased by other hackers who own the game you need internet, but that's ♥♥♥♥ing obvious.Multiplayer handles alright: Game modes are limited, boring, and free roam is confusing. Although it says free roam, you're restricted from doing missions within the free roam with buddies, and you get put on a team, so it's like a team deathmatch if anything. There are the normal people with white triangles over their head, and the bad 'fixer'/'hacker' people who come and kill you. Sure, it saves from the stress of having to hide from being shot down, and maybe they should take away the big arrows so when I hide in my car they can't detect me.My final verdict for the game without optimization would be at a 7.5, though with patches for bugs, such as the time I was chasing the Hacker DEFALT and fell through the map, and also updates on their optimization, I'm sure this game will sit at a solid 8.8 on my scale. I'd suggest picking up this game when it's on sale, and sticking with the normal version. Deluxe is just extra money being ripped from your pockets, and maybe, just -maybe- you should get this game full price -when- they patch it up.Posted: May 29 @ 2:53am"
,Recommended,243470,11115418,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Simon K,First relevant competitor to GTA in genre of open world city sandbox games
76561198060836013,Not Recommended,243470,10927460,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,anarchist135,PRE ORDER???????????????????????????????????????????????????????????FUUUUCK!!!!!!!!!! SUUUUUUUUUCK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Crooks go to hell.
,Not Recommended,243470,10930076,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,DarkniczZ,Activated the game but the game still asks for activation. Can't even play the game now. Waste of money and time.
,Not Recommended,243470,10932413,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,The Kürtinator,Game is stuck at loading screen. Only way to exit when it is stuck is force restart computer. Can't even open task manager. Please fix.
,Not Recommended,243470,10291648,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Ninth Prophet,Don't waste your money and drive space with this awful excuse for a product.
,Recommended,243470,10294626,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Chum Bucket,"Watch_Dogs is an amazing game and people should understand that if you are going to review a game, the client being used to run said game is irrelevant. A review on a game should be commenting on the game itself and it's gameplay as well as graphics rather than if Uplay is having problems or not. If your game is crashing, just lower the settings. I have a♥♥♥♥♥♥computer and can still run this game perfectly at medium settings.In other words, ignore all the negative reviews saying that the game is bad because of client or crashing issues, as aside from those factors, the game is possibly one of the best games of 2014.Also, if the game crashes and says it dosent support your driver, go to the website of said driver and update it. It's what happened to me and that is how I fixed it.P.S Uplay does suck....."
,Not Recommended,243470,10291105,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Anro,"Can't really say much about the game, SINCE IT WONT STOP ♥♥♥♥ING CRASHING!"
76561198042810046,Recommended,243470,11977065,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,FloorHacks,Luv it ^^
,Not Recommended,243470,27912531,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,BlackStarUK,"Forget this being a letdown as a showcase of next generation console gaming, this would have been merely good if it had been released years earlier. Even with hindsight that this game failed to live up to its lofty promises, one can't help but still feel drained and irratated that they wasted their time on this game.It's not the worse sandbox game, but there something wrong with the sum of its parts that make for a broken whole; The hacking becomes tedious, the side quests and collectables become a chore to get, the game can't decide if it wants to be loose (driving is like ice skating while drunk) or too immersive (well done for making Poker boring Ubisoft!), forced stealth sections, action either being unfair or easily broken via explosives, Pierce being a schizophrenic hyporcrite...oh and nice job of ruining Clara. And this is just gameplay as technically the game is badly optimised and the graphics, while solid, start it feel drab and lifeless...These are just some of the issues that take away from the initial thrill of playing this game and make it settle into some forced self-punishment to finish the game.Okay it's not all bad, despite the above. The driving missions of the game - once you get use to the wonky physics of the vehicles - are a lot of fun (mainly because the game gives you some leeway, Clara - until end game - along with Jordi, Iraq and Damien are likeable and using explosives to take out unsuspecting enemies is fun (if again, cheap thanks to the D.I.Y anywhere crafting).But after completion, the game leaves nothing but a sour taste in your mouth and temptation to demand compensation from Ubisoft for 20+ hours wasted and on that I can't recommened it, even if it's on sale. Let's hope Watch Dogs 2 is a VAST improvement, like Assassin's Creed 2 was to the first one (...It must be a Ubisoft thing)"
,Recommended,243470,10353051,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Keikogi,"Going to start this review with a slight discomforting fact that my ""future proof"" PC isnt so future proof anymore. This game takes a BEAST rig, and even people with computers better than mine get 10x worse framerate than I do. Theres a problem with the memory managment that needs some fixing/patches. Nothing that a few config file tweaks cant fix, and also doing more research online I was able to minimize my game stuttering up to 90%. I get about 50-60 average FPS with 2x TXAA (most of the time I cant use TXAA in any games, so to be able to do so in this game is extremely impressive) There is very little stutter in my game now, turning off windows aero helps a lot to clear a few megs of VRAM for the game. Also having it on an SSD doesnt hurt at all.Now for gameplay, sure its a bit shallow and there could have been a lot more inventive things to do with the hacking. Mostly your time consists of finding rich peoples bank accounts for your own personal leeching or finding system keys to build custom devices like blackout tools and ""Jams Coms"" which stops any and all cellphone/radio use in the radius. Other NPC hacking activities include the online portion, where any given NPC in your SP game could potentially have a bounty on their head and you can hack into their SP game and try to recover data from their phones, or if youre being invaded you have to track the hacker down and kill him before he hacks you or escapes the area after being detected.Main missions include the ability to either be stealth or aggresive, both with payouts but stealth pays out more experience and reputation for remaining undetected. You can choose to engage enemies in a variety of ways, infiltrating the security cameras and tagging all the enemies is the best way to start any stealth approach. Enemies that are tagged can be seen through walls and have their movements tracked. You can hack enemies phones to distract them with bogus text messages or annoying ringtones, you can even set off their grenades on their holsters causing them to either freak out or ditch it somewhere nearby causing another bigger distraction. The best way to go about the mission is purly in your hands. Most of the time the game doesnt have many stipulations which make you stay undetected, so you can sneak in and take down your target with non lethal force and sneak out, our run in kill everyone you see and leave before backup has a chance to know whats going on. Stealth is always the most statisfying for me, and it pays out much more exp and rep. I also enjoy going a bit rambo when I cant seem to find a good stealth approach.Side activities include chess minigames, texas hold em poker, drinking games and many more side missions like ""digital trips"" which are basically like a portal into the Saints Row IV universe and the entire gameworld is changed into either a goofy psychadelic shroom trip or a post apocalyptic zombie racer. Other planned DLC includes a robot invasion army which you can fight off in one of the trips.Driving is one of the most enjoyable parts of the game imo, almost enjoy it more than driving in GTAV simply because of the inside car dash camera. It adds so much immersion and it feels realistic up to point, but not too real. Its still arcadish in its own right but keeps the control in the players hands, not much fishtailing unless its on purpose. The ability to listen to the radio outside of the car on foot is also a major plus, makes for some interesting parkour chases.Shooting is fluid and precise, the models sometimes move in funky directions when shot but most of the time it looks believable and the animations are top notch, on 120hz refresh rate its cream buttery smooth, as with the driving. The cover system is reminiscent of most 3rd person shooters like Gears or Rainbow Six Vegas, with quick cover to cover actions and fluid parkour wall climbing. Not as in depth as Assassins Creed but remains believable to real world standards anyway.The graphics and sound are amazing, I find myself having to stop and take breaks just to take in the amazing atmosphere of the game. With high textures and ultra settings the game still shines, Ultra textures looks amazing as well but suffers with stutter on my 2gb VRAM 680. With that said high still holds up to next gen standards, and the little touches like TXAA smoke effects and rain droplettes on everything including cars and the character, the game looks even more amazing when its storming. At 120hz the game is buttery smooth and it feels amazing to play, truly put time and effort into the game world and the sound of the city is unique to the windy city of Chicago, and the voice acting is well done and immersive. The water in the game is outstanding with reflections of the skyscrapes stretching across the whole body of water. The pop-in is minor and is only truly noticable if youre trying to see it. Cars in the game will stay where you previously parked them but cars driving on the road will disappear after you drive a certain distance away (GTAIV & V were really good at making this not happen)The story is what youd expect a vigalante's backstory to be. Searching for revenge while trying to uphold peace and order in the city in whatever way possible, by taking out criminal gang hideouts or busting random crimes on the street. The city provides much to do in free roam and keeps you entertained with all the little phone calls you can listen in on and text messages you can spy on. Theres random events in the game like criminal convoys or items of interest to find if you listen closely. The online portion is fun but I havent even tried the free roam portion yet, not too sure what its all about. As for the other game modes, racing is by far my favorite because I love cars and the driving in this game is fun with a gamepad (yes I play with a gamepad, its more comfortable anyways)All in all I would say this game is definately worth playing if youve got the system requirements to handle it, if not buy it for PS4 because I can honestly say its probably very disappointing on 360/PS3. Even on PS4 the game is locked at 30fps, so PC is the best choice if you can afford to run it well. Most of the gameplay elements have never been done before but a lot of the core mechanics are pretty much the same, not much has changed in the formula but Watch_Dogs certainly breathed new life into open world sandbox games and what you can and cant do in them.9/10, loses 1 point for being poorly optimized. Dont understand why UBI couldnt see this problem early on and people with PC's worlds greater than mine cant even pull half the framerate im getting on my i5 2500k @ 4.3ghz with a GTX 680 2GB and 16GB of DDR3.Play this game, or become the victim."
,Recommended,243470,10343994,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Common Mistake,"I started playing this game just as you would with GTA running around doing random stuff, random missions, some story line and loads of taking money from anndom strangers. But then I began to pay attention to my surroundings, all these computer people going about with their own little lives, I started actually looking at who's phone calls and texts I was hacking, seeing their own personal lives, jobs and incomes and some random info such as ""recently had plastic surgery"" or ""on multiple anti-anxiety meds"".  The converstaions they had, from people grieving over death to people talking about their sex lives. Do you have any qualms emptying the bank account of someone suffering from cancer?And then there are fire trucks, one came past me lights and sirens going so I decided to follow it to see what the issue was. And as I was driving I was thinking ""I'm gonna be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥if just keeps drivingha round the city with lights and sirens going. But no an announcement came over their radio that I could somehow with my clever phone also here, ""All units stand down, emmergency call has been cancelled."" I was dissapointed, I wanted to see a fire or a car crash, not that I hadn't caused plenty of those things myself, what with hacking traffic lights and blowing up electricity generators. It's fun to do that, just stand on a busy street corner and hack the lights. They all turn green at once and everyone guns it. There is chaos and often explosions, the lights go to flashing red for a while till the system can reset itelf or something. pedestrinas are shouting calling emmergency services, asking if anyone is hurt.  I remember standing there in awe as all these people did their thing. Then I heard approaching sirens, ""this is going to be interesting"" I thought. An ambulance hurtled around a far corner and came racing towards the chaos I had caused. It screeched to a halt on the footpath  but not before ploughing into a car. It then reversed a bit, gunned forwards and rammed the car, &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; I thought, ""Is this how the emmergency serviced behave in America"". As I stood watching this spectacle I recieved a notification that a crime was about to take place nearby. I reluctantly left the scene to perform my vigilante duties, but not before witnessing the ambulance eventually driving past my scene of destruction and speeding off up the road lights and sirens still wailing,""where the ♥♥♥♥ is it going?"" I thought, but I could not race to find out, I had work to do.It must appear odd at times, but I have become rather emmersed in this little city here. I will often stand around on a street corner seeing who walks past and briefly looking at a snippet of their lives, or emptying their bank accouunts before suddenly shooting off at a full sprint straight accross the road without even looking, relying on my parkour abilities to slide over any bonnets that appear,(Hoods for you Americans), before sliding up to a wall and pearing into a dark alley. Casting glances around a corner I spot the possible victim, ""what Kind of stupid old women would be standing in a dark alley way at 2 in the morning faffing about with her mobile phone?"" I could not comprehend this woman. then there he was, walking down the alley towards her, casting cautionary glances around himself. I must remain out of sight or else  he'll just walk off, I have to catch him in the act, this also means I must be near enough to get to him quickly before he harms old Mrs Cordella. He gets close then begins shouting in the old womans face ""It's a demon, it's a demon!"" ""Well she should at least be put off from standing around in dark alleys now at least"" I thought before running out to quickly beat the guy with my retractable baton. She runs off into the street screaming bloody murder and stop to check on my victim, he's a 47 year old bible reader and ex psychiatric patient. ""Figures!"" And I walk out to carry on watchig people."
,Not Recommended,243470,25235671,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Alucinari,"Chrashes, chrashes, chrashes..."
,Not Recommended,243470,10361873,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Gh0st iN ThE MaChiNe,"90 percent of the time this game crashes, and its pathetic. It is as bad as a half wit child tasked with solving a calculus equation.The 10 percent of the time his game works, it is sweet. Sweet like a plump c**k. Juicy and unhealthy. For I shall burn away my sin with the purity of fire."
76561198041755970,Not Recommended,243470,11024715,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Nocan,1. Started the game. Didn't work.2. Started the game. Didn't work.3.Started the game. Still didn't work.4. Started the game. Didn't work.5. Started the game.6. Started the campaign.7. Game crashed five minutes in.
76561198132434805,Not Recommended,243470,11145315,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,[CBG] manyoman,It is not what I was promised. Feels like I wasted that money for three days of average fun.
76561198109736371,Recommended,243470,16029604,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,TradeSkinsFast.com / DESTENY,Game is awesome but cent play like shud play laging like BOSSS all becose I am runing intel core i33227U 1.90GHz and cent ubgrade my pc more thatsso shame :(
,Recommended,243470,10319447,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Xplendy,"BEST GAME EVER!!!!!!!! That or I have just been waiting for this game too long. Almost two whole years man, two whole freaking years."
,Not Recommended,243470,11617875,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Panda_Ears,i want my money back.. or at least store credit.. this game is a huge disappointment.
,Not Recommended,243470,10497193,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,fenlander,"The game is broken for the PC, do not get it until this either enters a sale or they manage to fix the problems."
,Recommended,243470,12130079,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,RP X,"Good game, enjoyed playing it but can get boring. I reccomend you buy it on sale."
,Recommended,243470,21251751,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,suisieg,"A solid 9/10. Watch_Dogs was used by terrible game journos as a scapegoat for their pretentious anti-fun agendas. Aiden is a blank slate hacker dude that the player is supposed to insert themselves into. The Story isn't mind-blowing but it supports the gameplay well. There's loads of TECHNOLOGY. The multiplayer is legitimately awesome. I'm mad that Watch_Dogs got such a bad rap, and I hope eventually the devs get vindication. Clearly a lot of love and passion went into making the game."
,Recommended,243470,10272374,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,DeathWarrant,"Does Watch_Dogs live up to the hype? Not necessarily. But what this game does, it does it well.What can you do?You can hack various items in the environment to assist you in gameplay. This can be a civilian whose back account you just raided, or even a traffic light causing the traffic chaos to crash up cop cars.The AI in the game is rather intelligent, gangs not so much, but the police are professional, they will hunt you down and if they lose you, start scans throughout the city.The game is a strange mixture between Assassins Creed titles, and draws from GTA in some aspects. The cover system is very similar to the latest splinter cell titles.The good:Graphics, the game is beautiful.AI, they do have their derpy moments.Morality, you can be a badass who people fear, or such a goody goody that people will take	 your picture in the street.Other players can invade your world, this can be turned off though.The bad:Game isn’t perfect but nothing that a good optimization patch can’t fix.Lots of people whining in forums as they didn’t keep up to date with news of the game and 	realise the system   requirements. Yes, the game wants a beefy setup, but it makes very good	 use of it. In the time I have played I have yet to encounter a crash of any kind.Would I recommend it? Yes! 8/10 Hope this helps in someway."
76561198017360076,Not Recommended,243470,10260101,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Jack,The first mission is quite a difficult one where you have to repeatedly try to log in to the Uplay mainframe.
76561198085045446,Recommended,243470,16516215,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Hentie Dj,"it has sum wonkey things that could be fixed but this is still 1 of the best games iv ever played. dont get tricked by all the bad reviews  i havent had any of those problems or glitches, and the game play is amazing its just cars they messed up on but if your good at gaming youll have no problem when you ajust. o and cops are easy af those people complaining their to hard suck at gaming because i dont have that problem at all infact i like cops chasing me better in this than GTA 5 its more realistic in this game and they dont automatickly alwayse know your location you can actrily get away from them."
,Not Recommended,243470,12725391,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Edward Duncan,"It's written in small in the required hardware section, but let me talk a little about it. It is REQUIRED that you have a recent graphic card. The game will not launch at all if it detect an old card. Don't waste your money if you are unsure if you graphic card fits in."
,Not Recommended,243470,13730664,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Rogue,"Over-hyped trash. The combat is downright wonky and even on easy difficulty killing a simple fixer is like killing the ender dragon. The HUD is super intrusive and you can't tell which bar says what. Poor mechanics and very bad on the video card.The main mission-line is very nice, but everything outside of that makes me go ""blech!"" I was also forced to set up a uPlay account, which I did not want. Online sucks. All in all, Watch_Dogs gets a 2/10."
,Recommended,243470,11145619,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Luckylaga,"nice epic games, you must buy this one"
,Not Recommended,243470,10269642,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Duen,Works great as a stopmotion clusterfu*k.
,Recommended,243470,10337294,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,nugmaster,ily
76561198028079515,Not Recommended,243470,10908377,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Lamza (ラムザ),"!!~Did't But This Game~!!I Spent 69.99 USD  , the activation code is not working...ubisoft ...please fix it ...crazy...."
76561198028917482,Not Recommended,243470,10909136,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Cluel3zz,"I personaly found this game to be ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. The driving Phyisic where competley stupid, as you could blow up a car just by simply driving into at high speed with a lorry.And i did not understand how people can tell that you had shot someone with you used a silenced weapon."
76561197993436598,Recommended,243470,31486485,Posted: 1 May,all,Judge Rutherford,"The ultimate bargin bin AAA game. Or so you have been led to believe by every reviewer out there. I have installed played an hour and deleted this game twice. On the third time something happened and I feel that Watch_Dogs is an excellent game. The combat is deep if you use all the hacking tools etc.. The guns are good. The city very pretty. You can edit the songs that play on the radio. Get cars delivered immediately. Aiden Pierce is the biggest Edgelord in gaming history but the other characters aren't bad at all. Except for Jacks, Nicole and T-Bone. The game is still pretty despite the downgrade. Driving cars is a challenge but the bikes are very simple to perfect. The actual game runs about as hard as the car handleing however. Still a solid reccomend. You do need to play more than 3 hours to get into it."
76561198018445478,Recommended,243470,31189435,Posted: 16 April,all,MiguelArchangel777,Well after waiting a few years for a 1080ti to be able to run watch dogs 1 at full ultra settings and 3D vision from helixmod.. I gotta say I really enjoyed playing this title. No issues whatsoever after the patches fixed most of the performance bugs. The story is good. The gameplay is good but not perfect as its version 1 of watch dogs. I really liked the main character and the bad guys were interesting too. This game is worth the price atm. I paid full price back in the day and it was riddled with problems. However I'm glad I got to play it at full ultra settings in 3D vision.. beautiful game even for today's standards. I give it a solid 8/10.
,Recommended,243470,31291435,Posted: 22 April,all,Gumihox,+Nice Hacking Game.-Short Story.
,Recommended,243470,28084869,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,LAUR ︻芫═──,nice game
,Recommended,243470,24007255,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Clintasauraus,it's real good
,Recommended,243470,30984741,Posted: 6 April,all,kkgg84,"Pros: Combat is fun and engaging. And when I say combat I mean that it's fun to headshot thugs that don't know I'm comming.Cons: You can't climb down ladders... Weird, right? He knows how to climb up, just not down..."
,Recommended,243470,28051907,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,@Dimstyle7 | Low-End gamer UwU,Good storyline and also good graphic.. Love it!!
,Recommended,243470,10266927,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Morgan Freeman,"This game has been getting a lot of crap reviews and I can see why. Sure the game didn't live up to its hype but that doesn't mean it isn't a good game. This game is beautiful to look at and ♥♥♥♥ to mess around in. The story, in my opinion, is great and I've only just finished the first chapter. Yeah they use Uplay and that sucks but what they said about multiplayer blending seamlessly with singleplayer is kinda true. They did a really good job with this game just made too many promises they couldn't fullfil. This game is definitely worth the purchase and I know for sure that I will definitely be playing much, much more of this game."
,Recommended,243470,10268226,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,MANLY,"This is certainly an interesting game. I have played the game with zero issues in framerate, ubisoft Uplay connection, or any other issue including crashes what so ever. I am running with an AMD card and the connection to any server is quick, and I don't have the best internet. If your on the fence about this game with the problems people been having running rampant on the recommendations board, try it. The gameplay is fun and diverse to say the least, it's definately worth what it's worth, even if there are some server problems at the moment."
,Not Recommended,243470,10277821,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Duke Of Jam,"this is a gimmicky, over hyped, unintuitive piece of crap. you'll grow bored of the hacking with an hour or 2, you'll grow bored of the lack luster ""combat/stealth"" almost instantly and you will immediatily hate the abyssmal driving mechanics. 3/10"
,Recommended,243470,10255670,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,dylan,"working well for me , had stutters with my older driver downloaded the latest nvidia driver (i have gtx 660 gigabyte oc) and had no crashes in the last hour i played , feel bad for amd players though :/"
,Recommended,243470,10288578,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,miwn,"A great game, if you don't happen to be one of the many people complaining about uplay, it still has the steam overlay when you launch it via steam and the screenshots go through.Anyway, you can just link your account to uplay.. well that seems to be what I've done but I have no idea how. ;pAlrighty well onto the game anyway, It's a great game.Nevermind the graphics, the un-optimization or the buggy lighting effects and stuff.. they will get patched, it's sort of necessary if Ubisoft still wants to make money off of this game.Okay, I keep going off-track.The story, It's great.It was very addicting.. well for me atleast, It is sort of short with like a day of story and then its onto side missions and all of those good things, nevertheless it's a great plot. Nearer to the end it gets a little deeper, thats the part where you get sucked in.. seeking revenge.It also utilises the true power of these ""Next-Generation"" games, it has a great gameplay style along with a neat AI system that reacts just like anyone would in real life.There is also a system which chooses between whether you are a hero, loved by the city of Chicago, or whether you're a criminal. It's great to see it's a sort of choice making game, although there isn't many choices between whether you can save people and all during cut-scenes.. It just happens no matter what.So, conclusion is;It's a great game if you like open world, choice sorta decision making games, it really makes you think if you want to, say kill a civilian as it will get you a bad title on your name and if you try to buy something or you're seen in public people will be scared and call the police, or reject your service.I would rate it a 7/10 due to the buggy release, but I do believe it will be fixed.Anywho.. it's a great game and if you have a good enough rig to run it at low, DEFINATELY pick it up if you think it is appealing to you, I made no second thoughts and I didn't watch any story gameplay incase of spoilers.. I recommed you do aswell."
,Recommended,243470,10288957,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Aurone,"I think that all of these reviews about it not being AS good as the hype are true, but it is still an amazing game. I have a AMD graphics card and i have had only 1 problem and that is it. The story is pretty long, but i am still in Act 2. Graphics really good, gameplay good, Driving is not so good. When you drive a car it feels disconnected and is hard to turn, but over all it is a really good game.8.5/10 Will play for a while"
,Recommended,243470,10504208,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Teetlez,"Many may say that watch_dogs is a bad product and has stuttering issues and many other problems about the game. However, my experience is quite the opposite. I have a GTX 650 TI  and I can run everything at high settings at around 30-45 FPS with little to no stuttering issues. Also if you get TheWorse's mod you don't have to worry about how the developers turned down the intenseity of the graphics. Overall I say that this game is totaly worth the money and even though some may have issues with the game others will not. But that is just my opinion."
76561198034170954,Recommended,243470,10320540,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Swimmer,"Well its a wonderfull game. Not all that it was hyped up to be but enjoyable. Keep in mind this is after you go thru 20-30 hoops with specificly setting up your graphics card processor and plugging memory. And thats if you dont bluescreen daily and have your save point wiped or ""not match uplague"". Once the game is fixed as i said it is fun it is not nextgen like most games now claim to be. But after you get over the shallow plot start it does become emersive.  Its fun to play it how you want but it would be nice if being an evil ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ on the game had more negative effects acting like a menace with stupid cops dosent make you feel like your being hunted to bad wich it honestly should and i wish it did. Other than the games issues with you know starting staying on so you can play it and a couple other game issues wich i have pointed out as i said it is fun and it is a game that you can waste all the time you want on. Core componants are Quest line and Multiplayer so if you dont like multiplayer expect to put the game down in about 4-5 days. GAMEPLAY 7/10-BUGS/ABILITY TO RUN 4/10-STUFF TO DO 10/10-GAME DEV 4/10Due to xbox and ps4 smashing thru the walls to make a profit. As expected with most games at the momment it seems the devs focused on makeing the console's run the games smoothly while the pc department sat on their rears eating cupcakes watching mlp on their tablets. It runs for pc....sometimes.....may work for a while but it seems like they did 50% of what people should actualy be able to expect from a solid releace. Keep in mind hickups are understandable but people on pc have just recived the most expencive ""beta phase"" game ever and to tack on insult dlc dlc dlc dlc dlc cant say that phrase enough. For some gamers out there you remember the time games cost 20$ then 25$ then 50$ oh my i was worried where this was going then....BUT THEN... It starts looking like a steam black friday sale on acid. We are clawing over 60$ games with 20-30$ dlc and f#%king stickers and lolipops that make us feel special.... I hate to say it but prices are going up every dev out their is comeing out the woodwork pushing half finished or nontested games calling it nextgen just to get a quick buck. And then crawling in a hole waiting for the blowover and popping back up with another (not even going to say it) Whatever you need to make money charge us extra we are adicts give us our fix. BUT for the money we are paying this $h*t should be worth it and nowadays it isnt. Now i know im going to get the ""symathetics"" and the mouth breathing trolls on my back for this one. But For this kind of money i think i may stick it in something elce...something smarter.....less complicated...and something i know will do the job 100% of the time.....you know whats it called crack....crack would be a better investment."
,Recommended,243470,10321395,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,pressST4RT,"I'm not sure why this game is getting all the crap that it is. It's exactly what was promised, minus the graphics bugs of course. Those bugs, though, have been addressed and are currently being worked on.Overall, I've had a lot of fun with this game. The feeling of a fixer's car slamming into the blockers you just hacked up is extremely satisfying. It makes you feel powerful and gives you the ability to change the game and how things work. The camera-hacking is like a huge puzzle/stealth game. The multiplayer is loads of fun whethere you're playing with friends or joining random strangers in free-roam. The seamless multiplayer is extremely impressive, as well."
,Recommended,243470,10321695,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,S.Kanto,I am the King of Steam Pipes! And a pro from stealing from dying people. L337/10- Would of been 10 if the driving mechanics were better and that launch date stuttering. But still a solid game! It delivers! 8/10
76561198023323505,Not Recommended,243470,10329659,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,JohnCena,"Horrible game, Can't even run it on a 3970x @ 4.5 Ghz with sli 780s and 16 gb of ram. (YES THATS WITH THE DRIVER)Meanwhile my buddy can run this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game on Ultra everything (yes textures too) a 3770k @ 3.5 ghz with sli 6970s with 16 gb ram does that make sense?NO. His vram is 2gb  mines 3gb and supposidly they are claiming you need 4 gb vram which is utter nonsence since again my friend has 2 gb and gets ZERO STUTTERS EVER. total crap game"
,Recommended,243470,10261546,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,iim.ochi,"Great multiplayer and singleplayer! easy to lose the cop! and great graphics, but sadly i cant open steam overlay.. but its a great game"
,Not Recommended,243470,14925597,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Jimothy,Not even Ubisoft can pronouce it right. Its Watch UNDERSCORE Dogs.  Fairly linear and boring alone.
76561198006594137,Not Recommended,243470,12252808,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Dietrich_Von_Carstein,Customer support is among the worst i've ever encountered. Uplay is evil. I am not touching another ubisoft title till they scrap that garbage.
76561198325840457,Recommended,243470,30761352,Posted: 26 March,all,Thunder,awesome
,Recommended,243470,11619492,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Omega_Biohazard,Best Game Ever Recommended For Anyone Who Like Hacking And GTA In One
76561198157039714,Recommended,243470,17449446,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,KuBo,AWESOME
,Recommended,243470,18051176,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Super Pimp Daddy Wagon,Just finished this game and really enjoyed it.  The puzzles when hacking weren't really all that hard but controlling the city was really fun.
,Recommended,243470,18140558,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Sephitian,I ♥♥♥♥ing hate UPLAY
,Recommended,243470,10257493,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Sir Ravix,https://scontent-a-lax.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xfp1/t1.0-9/10308259_10201902599111927_1927356592639212247_n.jpg.Enough said.
76561198067707932,Recommended,243470,10293676,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Mr_PooMore,"Great Story, Awesome Innovative Gameplay,INCREDIBLEgraphics (No joke) Only possible on PC even with the Lowest Settings, And the most immersive open world I have yet to play. Random events, amazingly smart AI that really make the game with the level of intelligence they have, and the Level of Detail they put into Chicago goes underappreciated. Itfeelslike a living city. But yeah, those random events really killed it for me. and yeah, it might be better than GTA IV's open world. The Story is gripping, the Driving mechanics are tight (though they do take getting used to), the Shooting is the my favorite from a game, the graphics are SERIOUSLY good, the World Feels HUGE when you play it with many different distinct districs (Pawnee is my favorite), your own morality is challenged in the game well, there are Many fun missions to play (24 hours oof playtime now and halfway done with campaign), <--not to mention more randomly generated for forever to come. The game is just overall a masterpiece to be honest. Theonlydownsides I've experienced are performance and optimization issues as of launch week, but EVEN ON MINIMUM SETTINGS the game looks and feels stunning. Watch dogs deserves its 9.2/10 rating"
,Recommended,243470,10315716,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,planky,"I think i need a doctorI cant stop playing it,,,,Send help ples"
76561197960433260,Recommended,243470,10303375,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,,10/10
,Recommended,243470,10306301,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Crimson Rain,"Ok so I see most of these reviews are crazy negative and mostly about Uplay or UDontPlay as it seems. I'm not having any issues however and I'm not using a top end system with epic qualities at all. My internet is nothing special and I'm nowhere near Ubisoft servers yet I'm alright as are the people who get Hacked, Tailed and cyber-stalked by me through a billion cameras (in game of course...) so I'd like to say that this game, when you get it working, is absolutely amazing in my opinion at least. There are quite a few things I'd pick on however which make Ubisoft seem a little lazy and a little disappointing especially as it was delayed in release.A sample of the negatives I have are:- Repeated character models that are just given new names.- Random bits of litter all fly perfectly together across the road in set little groups rather than being obviously individual, it's not physics if a piece of paper floats the same as an empty can rolls- Same groups of people doing the same things but with different names. At least mix the groups up a little. The beatbox group for example. The guy and 2 sometimes 3 girls. Always a blonde girl with glasses and often an african american girl too. They almost always are wearing fish-net stockings or whatever they're called.- Bike handling is a little tacky- I've seen floating hedges- You can drive through telegraph poles with ease but not through a tiny little shrub- You ragdoll too easily considering you can parkour around the place. Seems a little ironic to suddenly lose your agility- Not much blood, not no blood but not much. This isn't such a big one to me but it seems to be for others so it's on this list- Sometimes voices for characters don't actually match the character- You can't reply to messages from the mobile players on the ctOS mobile appThat's the negatives out the way, sort of. Here are some positives:- Car handling is very nice, each car sounds unique (mostly) although some appear to be the same sound just tuned down or up a little but the handling itself is different for each car and really makes you feel the weight of the vehicle you drive- Just the fact they've given each person an identity is bloody impressive even if it's randomly generated.- A huge amount of content to keep you busy- Skill trees- The fact you can hack into somones game without them knowing you're there, unless you hack me... I'll know cos i'm ninja.- ctOS Mobile App is a really awesome feature. Good if you want to earn notoriety. I've memorised every route now because I've done that so much- Good radio music selection. Would be nice if you could skip back a track though instead of only going forward- Stealth in this game is amazing. I play through on hard and it gives a good challenge most of the time. The ability of locating your targets through cameras and tracking their paths makes for a well planned and professional feel when you execute an entire set of people without even alerting them at all. Self acomplishment +1- Ability to summon a car within proximity to you (most of the time)- Being able to die in 1 shot. I like that. Seems more realistic since you can kill someone with one shot in life. Makes you not just run in totally OP guns blazing- Phone a friend. Well hearing someone else do it. It's hilarious some of the calls and texts you can hack. And spying on some people is hilarious. Won't spoil it for you but seriously just do it xD You may hear or see some of the same eventually but that's expected. They don't have an unlimited supply of these things- Character clothing options. This is more neutral. Sure there are a lot of clothes but you can only buy a full set - hat, gloves, scarfy thing, long coat, interestingly boring shoes and far too many tassels. But you still look sexy so it's worth it.- Making money isn't hard either so I wouldn't worry about that.There are probably more things I could add to this list but it's super late and my brain has fallen out of my head and my eyes are slowly melting down my face so I can't think of much more.Oh and to you people who thought it'd be cool to actually hack the game to become top of leaderboards with well over 1 million points in under a day... seriously what's the point. It's not even possible. I know, I actually did some maths to figure it out.I hope you guys find this review thing useful and that I haven't actually ruined the game for you by saying too much but hey, what can you expect when you search up reviews! :DMy recommendation: Buy it. If you're unsure, find a friend who has it and ask if you can try it out. It's always safe to try before you buy."
,Not Recommended,243470,23955957,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Saint [TEC] Walker,"Watchdogs... is not a bad game. It is a bad AAA game. Mechanically it feels fine. The AI is dumb as brains and doesn't fit the kinds of mechanics that you as a player have. It looks beautiful... but is poorly optimized and as everyone knows you have to modify ingame files to get the representation Ubisoft gave us at E3... Sensing a trend yet?Combat is good, your character has tens of weapons to choose from and although they're given a star rating system i've never felt that a 5-star was INFINITELY more powerful than a 1-star or better in every situation with the exception of sniper rifles and grenade launchers... the problem with combat is the game's morals and indicision about whether it wants to be a stealth game or action game. Aiden (the main character) has a tendency to ignore his cover and just stand outside of it when he wants to shoot. No, i don't mean he leans out, I mean HE LITERALLY EXPOSES HIS ENTIRE BODY AND LEGS TO SHOOT FROM FULL COVER. So that'd mean rewarding players more for the stealth side of the game, right? If you remain in-cover you can easily flank enemies and just pick them off one by one, right? Well no. One enemy sees you and the entire group they're associated with know exactly where you're at, so once you've popped the head off one even with a silenced weapon, the entire group will turn to look at you. It doesn't help that there's literally no cover in 80% of the game that you can use to your advantage. In the story areas you get nicely set up areas for stealth and that kind of combat... in open world you pretty much have to drag enemy groups to an area you know you've faught in before in order to have a fair chance at the fight. The AI is tankier and more accurate than you, it just is, deal with it. So just escape, right? ""The game intends for you to escape, obviously, if the combat is so stacked against you and stealth is impossible once found."" I hear you saying... well... no. Bikes are the fastest vehicle and you can be thrown off of the bike by literally going into the air and coming back down on the weels if you had more than 3 seconds of Air-timel... or if you hit the tires perpendicular to your momentum... or you bump into another car going 5 mph... or you try going through a tree that has branches and a trunk slightly bigger than Aiden's fingers. Oh, and to top it off, you don't get a headstart. You can immobalize the enemy's entire fleet of vehicles and the second they've been removed off the map they teleport to the edge of the minimap with brand new vehicles going top speed and full knowledge of exactly where you are. Oh, and how do they stop you? Do they shoot out your tires or try to turn you down side-paths to corner you? Nah, just spawn more of themselves ahead of you to come at you in oncoming traffic, then turn into you to have the highest surface area. And once you're out of the fight, if that happens, you're good, right? Nope. In most missions the game will immediately begin ""scanning"" for you, which consists of putting big yellow circles on the map in the direction the game will think you will go. You can't hide from the circles in a garage or anything, you literally just have to turn around or try to go through as fast as possible. This includes on the long unavoidable tunnels that you need to traverse to go from the city to the outlying area.That's enough of the gameplay though, onto Story. Story is... interesting. It mostly involves Aiden's plot for revenge on the people who caused the death of his niece. Oh, and he's a badboy. Yep. That's it. Aiden kidnaps a dude, gets his sister kidnapped, kills some people, meets a girl, kills some people, meets a ""legendary"" hacker, kills some people, hacks some stuff, loses the girl, loses his friend, and then saves his sister and gets his revenge by killing a mob boss. If you think i'm joking, i seriously recommend you go watch a youtube walkthrough of the game. Aiden's only characterization is ""Give me my sister back so I can go kill the guys who killed my niece."" He's a shallow and moronic character that I can't stand. Pretty much the only fun part of the story is that it's the only part of the game that gives you the opportunity to fight in areas that are actually good arenas. Everywhere else you fight will be purely stacked against you as Cops will spawn at will in any of the four cardinal directions and use their cars as cover when you're using a sign that'll disentigrate in 3 shots anyway.Well just use your car as cover, right? They'll just advance on you until you're forced to get into the car, at which point Aiden will calmly and slowly open the door, get in, and start the engine. I've legitimately had cops 15 feet away put me down while Aiden was finishing the animation to get into a car when i started the animation at full health.There are multitudes of side objectives to partake in but none of them I would call fun. Most of them involve ""Find the terminal to hack"" or ""find five"". There ae also events around the city called Fixer Contracts where Aiden takes on a contract for $ and EXP to take care of a problem for someone. There's several types, the most common are to steal a car and deliver it to a drop-off point while the police continue to search for you after you lose them and you can't turn the car in if they know where you are. Oh and the drop point changes if the police see you within 200 Meters of it. Some fixer contracts involve a convoy that Aiden has to stop. In most of these Convoy jobs Aiden simply has to knock out one f the 15 guys in the convoy... knock out. Not kill, not immobalize his vehicle,  the only way to knock out the enemy is to melee him. You have to kill every other enemy - and they will continously call for backup - in one of the many cover-less open streets that i've talked about previously until everyone except for that one man - who could be able to call in reinforcements or could've died ages ago if you were just allowed to shoot the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ - and then you have to get within 2 meters to melee him. They're usually equipped with shotguns, and rarely miss like I discussed before. I bought this game knowing it was a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥and enjoyed the first 25 hours but the more and more I played it the more and more I realized just HOW♥♥♥♥♥♥it was, as all the flaws became more and more apparent.The game does have an Online Multiplayer mode, one that consists of various sysems like 'Follow the host while he tries to get away from you' or 'Hide from the host while staying in this ever-shrinking circle'. In both of these modes if you try to kill the host you will lose the event but the host can kill you any time he wants to. Every other mode is eight-player randomness, there's no real point to any of it.All in all just save yourself the time and money, avoid Watchdogs and it's upcoming sequel; this is an unacceptable level of conflicting mechanics and features."
,Recommended,243470,10288885,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Pef,There are boobs in the game so game is 17/10. I highly recommend this game to anyone who likes boobs.
,Recommended,243470,10267811,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Turban Senpai,Well. This game was supposed to be developed for PC as the lead console. Sounded like BS. Still feels and performs like another Ubisoft ♥♥♥♥♥♥ PC port.After you actually get the game to run (good luck) the game is actually really enjoyable basically giving you a heavily modded GTA game. The graphics were toned down a lot compared to what they showed us before but I feel like it still look decent compared a lot of current games.
76561197987751489,Not Recommended,243470,17802059,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Godfather-Of-Filth,"By no means could this be considered a comprehensive review, more of a first impressions truth be told.This game certainly seemed to offer quite a lot but within a very short period of time serious problems become obvious. For an open world game the driving is very poor, heavy stearing is an issue and makes Sleeping Dogs driving feel positively great by comparison.I also took serious issue with an early side mission which was very unclear as to what the objective was and forced multiple retries to make any progress, it then emerged that certain enemies had to be taken down in hand to hand combat (they were heavily armed). It was particularly unforgiving and given the absence of a melee mechanic other than context based I can only comment that the game appeard to lack  polish.There are other areas of the game which have struck me as flawed but it will take mroe time to make a full and proper decision. Certainly, at face value, I wouldn't recommend this unless bought at a heavily discounted price."
,Not Recommended,243470,10258583,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,c1ng3d,"I would very easily recommend this game if it was in a playable state. The ability to hack to take out enemies, cause distractions and impede pursuers is very unique. The characters and environment are modeled well, and the story has been compelling thus far. I, however, cannot get the game to run with a steady framerate regardless of the settings. I have installed the latest drivers for my graphics card, and I have played with the in game settings for at least an hour. The only improvement to be had is a jump from 20fps on foot, and 5 fps driving to about 30 fps on foot, and 15 fps driving. Combat also causes massive framerate drops from around 30 fps down to about 15 fps. Uplay isn't exactly functional either. I would say wait until Ubisoft feels the♥♥♥♥♥♥hit the fan and they will hopefully patch the game to run better across all hardware.Update as of 6-15: I can no longer even launch the game, I will either get a CTD with an error as the splash screen pops up, or the screen will go black and the game will CTD without an error. Burn in hell Ubisoft."
76561198207716400,Recommended,243470,30691754,Posted: 23 March,all,TheyCallMeFoxy,"A little to grim compared to the 2nd, but still a fantastic game (in my opinion)"
76561198025869551,Recommended,243470,10520528,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,yrulaughing418,"Only two real complaints:a) Physics is problematic. Cars and other objects don't have enough mass. Vehicle handling is fine, but it's strangely difficult to crash your car; you either harmlessly smash through things or harmlessly bounce off of things. I think this was a design choice, it makes hacking (distracted driving) more forgiving, but it still feels weird. It's impossible to shake the cops by ramming them into things, since collisions don't matterb) No jumping. There's context-sensitive vaulting and climbing, which works fine most of the time, but occasionally you'll run into impassable waist-high obstacles that weren't programmed for climbing. GTA series does this better, with both jumping and climbing on one button"
,Recommended,243470,10263358,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,hz (in nz for 6 months),This game is f***ing amazing!!
,Recommended,243470,10258938,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Jason,"Ignore ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ non-recommendations. I recommend this game for anyone who likes open world games like GTA, and who likes technology. This is a fun game and I'm going to be spending 40+ hours on it. ♥♥♥♥ all the ♥♥♥♥♥♥s with way too high of expectations."
,Not Recommended,243470,16560441,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,IGRA4O SKRRRR,Laggs like♥♥♥♥♥♥driving is♥♥♥♥♥♥story is♥♥♥♥♥♥mechanic is♥♥♥♥♥♥ the game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ubisoft is♥♥♥♥♥♥Hope you enjoy it !!!
,Not Recommended,243470,10259591,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Arcus Praetorian,Does. Not. Work.
76561198102827519,Recommended,243470,10260379,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Crazador,AWESOME!!! Just Need A S*x Scene Lol..
76561197970637026,Recommended,243470,18396664,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,chaodyn,"Well, even with all the time spent in-game, I can hardly reccomend this game. As per usual, killing civillians and having fun is punished in the single player. Thankfully not as much as in the AC games, but still. Cars are mostly realisitc in design, which is a bit sad. And they all handel horribly... Two cars though, stand out. The infamous taco truck, which I quickly grew bored with, and the luciano. I love my luciano. Essentially, it's a bright purple cartoon car. And yet the police never seem to remember that it's practically the only car I use, so if they're after me just look for that. Pretty poor police AI on the whole actually. And the AI civillians call the cops over the stupidest things. I've literally ended up in chases for driving like a regular car on the road, doing nothing the AI didn't do. Oh well, let's give the multiplayer freeroam a try...*Shoots random passerby**Reputation is unchanged*0_0So yeah, most of my time has been spent going on rampages in the mp freeroam, usually accompanied by 4-5 others. This leads to my guess as to it's playerbase: Most people with 100+ hours and/or are still playing must be wreacking havoc in the multiplayer. Not that I blame them, it's the main reason I'm reccomending this.[arbitrary number score here], can't be bothered to play more singleplayer, but will be cruising in purple cartoon car and commiting massacre until the game starts not letting me in. If this sounds appealing to you, give it a buy."
76561197961216103,Recommended,243470,18821086,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Jobbo,"Good open world game but not as good as you-know-whatThe world is beautiful and it seems that most of the bugs that plagued it on release have been ironed out. The story is a decent length and all the characters are believeable and voiced really well. It has the feel of a good techno-thrillerHowever, beyond the main story there isn't much in this game. There aren't really any side missions to speak of, just side activities that get you bonus points or cash, and after a while they aren't worth doing. The main reason for this is because in Watch Dogs, hacking makes you God.Generally, the game is quite easy, mainly because of the afore mentioned godlike abilities granted by hacking the environment, but also because most of the weapons and craftable items are entirely unnecessary. I honestly used 2 guns for the entire game: silenced pistol and MP5 for when♥♥♥♥♥♥got intense. The most useful craftable items are explosives... I think I used a 'lure' maybe 3 times in the whole game.Its difficult to understand exactlywhatAiden Pearce is.. Spec Ops? Ex Police? its definitely something like that but he also knows a massive amount about hacking...? It doesn't make sense that he can completely ruin an army of para-military private security types or lethal gangsters..Anyways, I really enjoyed it as it was an interesting twist on the open world style game, the story was great and it has a ton of cool moments. Once you've finished it though, you'll probably not revisit Chicago too often"
76561197989858664,Recommended,243470,12744515,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,tommynocker001,"This game is not great, but not so terrible.I was stopped from doing a main mission three times because 'other people were online'.The driving controls are also a little soggy and I tend to find that gun play is a little off... but it has a good story and some interesting characters so there is something that keeps drawing me back. The world is colourful and interesting to explore and the mini games are quite fun to play. It'll take me a while to finish the plot (my sneak skills are really poor) but at least it won't hinder my fun driving around the city hacking peoples phones and web cams... buy it while it's in the bargain bins, it's worth the money."
,Not Recommended,243470,12045206,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Ro-500™ がるるー,I was promised there would be dogs.There are no dogs.
,Recommended,243470,10265520,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Jav1,"I find this game funny to play despite of some other reviews. There are a lot of things to do ingame and the map of Chicago if pretty big and varied. The visuals al pretty good too but you need a powerful machine to move it if you set everything at max: 4 cores CPU, a high-end VGA with 3GB VRAM (GeForce GTX 780 for example) and 8 GB RAM. Of course if you decrease some settings you don't need those specs. Moreover there are some potential fixes to improve the performance and I also think that some of performance improvements will be added in upcoming patches (like almost always).The worst thing I find about WD is the price. I think it's very expensive being a PC game. Other thing I don't like is Uplay service. As I write these lines, Uplay is offline, making impossible to sync your WD data with the cloud and having online features. I hope these services will be restored in the next days.Despite of these things I think this is a must-have for any open world game lover as I am."
,Recommended,243470,10265762,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Sisoma Gmo Munden,"I don't get all the hate about Watch_Dogs, sure it's badly optimized, but just put the settings lower.The game may not be as it was markedet, but it is still very good, very good gameplay, feels awesome to just walk around the city, very immersive.And it's using Uplay, which is kinda bad, but the only thing I hear people complaining about Uplay, is the servers, but ofcourse the servers were gonna crash.All in all I would recommend this game."
,Recommended,243470,10322919,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Bokor,"It looks like I'm one of the rare few who not only enjoy this game, but never had a problem with UPlay (I played it since the first minutes of launch.) I also play it on Ultra settings with rare framerate issues.I was actually surprised to see all of the negative reviews/publicity.I thought the hacking mechanic was quite fun, and reminded me of Gunpoint."
,Recommended,243470,33011535,Posted: 29 June,all,✪ MikusGG,The story is sooooooo good
,Not Recommended,243470,10282923,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Dr. Kevorkian,"meh had some fun parts but overall just felt like a weak gta clone.  Yay for for bosses being ""click this button to win"" or another crappy qte.  Don't even get me started on the ending.  Should have been a 20 or 30$ game at most.  Only real good thing about this game is the soundtrack."
,Not Recommended,243470,10269799,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,DrewS1998 (Lembas Bread),"Let me start off by saying that I actually like the gameplay and story of the game. And this is where my support stops. The graphics ar kind of♥♥♥♥♥♥ they don't look horrible but they look nothing like the E3 gameplay everybody saw. It screwed over AMD user, such as my-self,(I have an AMD X4 750K processor and an AMD R9 270x graphics card, I know not the best but not horrible) I also am playing within the bounds of my hardware I am using the settings that Ubisoft auto detected me to and what they said my 2gb graphics card could do, including AAx8, which even when I turn it down, I seem to drop more frames. Also, after running it on High and droping copius amounts of frames I decided to try to turn it down to medium to try and smooth it a bit, not only did the graphics look like Medal of Honor: Finest Hour from the PS2, the frame rate dropped even lower! I may not have tons of time in the game, but I did not find the hacking to be a ""gimmick"" as some people have said, I genuanly enjoyed it. But the driving is horrible, at first I thought it was just me being horrible, but after reading that people felt the same way about it and relising that it is just a bad mechanic makes me angry, I litteraly cannot pull my car into the street without hitting at least 5 cars. Not to mention that with a draw distance of about 5 feet in front of you, you could be driving down a clear street when all of a sudden a car just spawnes in in front of you and you try to turn a bit to get out of the way and your car turns ALL the way and you crash into the wall. I am not even going to mention uPlay, excluding where I just mentioned I wouldnt mention it. But I'll end with if Ubisoft gave a flying ♥♥♥♥ about the PC market they would have spent a little more effort thant just taking the console version, needless to say♥♥♥♥♥♥  and spitting on it and then while reaching for a microfiber cloth to clean it , accadentally grabbing sand-paper and scratching the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of it then saying ""meh"" and giving it to us. But again good gameplay as well as story."
,Not Recommended,243470,10270576,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Sir Q,"Content promised that wasn't given such as the ability to coop as presented here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gJj9GmuNaew(which to me at least was about 20% of the fun as I wanted to help buddies out while sitting in a lecture).Missions aren't what you see in the trailers, far from in fact.The story is short, can with ease complete it within a day.The most fun you will likely have is hacking into other peoples' games and running over them with cars. That kinda gets old fast tho.To rub salt into the wound, it is hard to enter the game due to uPlay and even if you do enter it will have trouble connecting you to other people.Single-player wise, the most fun I've had was criminal convoys - you intercept a few cars and then either escape or kill thm all and that was that.Stopping crimes is simplistic, you can basically sit in a car then run over the criminal with no issue and almost get the same reward. Even if you go on foot there is little problem catching them.You can't use weapons while driving either and sometimes will go far without being able to hack something to stop the police or someone you are chasing.Did I mention that the ctOS hacks glitch? Jam communication doesn't always work for example and sometimes things won't do what you tell them to or they revert to the state they were in before (closing half-way and then opening again). Which gets a lot worse online.The grabbing and the covering mechanic isn't impressive. Can't even count the times I've died because it didn't grab onto something or cover behind something. Especially annoying is it when he can't walk over stuff that are like 0.75 meters, but can walk over things 0.5 or 1 meters easily. My favorite of these issues is when he won't perform a takedown and you end up getting your face blown off or when he just won't go into cover and you get shot to death because of it.Tho at least they have some amusing music.Tho through all of this it is still a fun experience, just not a 60€ experience in my opinion."
,Not Recommended,243470,10277465,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,PhonicUK,"I don't think I've once actually exited this game, it has crashed every time. It's unreliability is quite impressive."
76561198026753907,Not Recommended,243470,10296322,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Naith,♥♥♥♥ UPLAY!!
,Not Recommended,243470,10295242,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Beonu,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing junk! If you can get it to actually play let me know and then I might have something diffrent to say ...last time I pre-order anything on steam.
,Not Recommended,243470,10270873,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Awful Citizen,"This game is a GTA Wannabe with hacking elements that are pretty lame imho.  The controls alone are going to make you miserable.  The game engine is poorly optimized.  I honestly regret buying this game.  Worst $60 spent.The game doesnt have a manual save, it's all Autosave enabled which sucks because if you fail a mission you have to start from the beginning.  There is no HUD so figuring where you are pointing is a real pain in the♥♥♥♥♥♥  Making a typical gunfight pretty annoying.I feel the game engine is pretty but it doesnt feel optimized...  If you have two monitors and you play fullscreen the mouse constantly runs off the screen and it kicks you out of the game.Then there is UPLAY... I don't have to get in that part, since you all know how annoying it is.If you feel I am misjuding the game, go ahead spend the $60 smackaroos, and in about 3hrs you are going to be feeling pretty disappointed too.The only  way to enjoy this game unfortunately will be with a Trainer... Thank god for Cheathappens..."
,Recommended,243470,10413449,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Lymanity,"I've been a pretty big fan of the whole open world genre in the vein of GTA 3 onwards and this title does not disappoint, but it does have a few annoying things.First of all, Radeon HD 7770 and 2.9 ghz x4. Had no problems with crashes and I was able to run the game on sub-normal settings. Some of the textures left a little to be desired, but it didn't bother me too much.The soundtrack is cool. It's got some songs you normally wouldn't hear. They're niche genres. The problem is that when you get near missions or even side quests the game will turn off the tracks in favor of its OST. That annoyed me a lot.The gameplay is pretty decent. It presents a challange at all times during the story missions. It's not ""easy"", but it's not extremely difficult either. So, I applaud that a dev actually managed to figure out how to do difficulty correctly.The side missions are numerous, probably around 82 all in all? That's not counting collectables and stuff like that. The side missions don't suck, which is suprising for an open world game.The story is compelling, though sometimes you forget why you're doing what you're doing. Unfortunately, the story also involves kids and for some reason no one can write kids in any way except helpless and annoying.The game does try to make some social commentary to make us all think about the state of connectivity we're all in with our cell phones and all that jazz. It does a good job at it, but I feel like it made less of an impact on me due to the fact that I don't own a cell phone and apparently that means I live on Mars?In conclusion, it's a pretty good title. I had a lot of fun with it. As of right now (June 9, 2014) There are widespread performance issues being reported, so I would hold off if you don't want to risk having the game not work."
,Recommended,243470,14960131,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Ghost,I'm just a random guy who loves this game! Driving is the only bad thing i have seen in this game.This game works fine on my pc and I recommend to buy this on sale. :)
,Recommended,243470,33339023,Posted: 7 July,all,A New Hope,Amazing graphics and storyline.
76561198109468519,Recommended,243470,33044331,Posted: 30 June,all,Hoodini (Magic Owl),Hacker man hacking with his hacking tools doing things hacker men do.
76561198047575045,Not Recommended,243470,10257359,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Jedz,"What a dissapointment.The game constantly crashes, Uplay does not load half the time.I use a GTX660Ti, 8GB of ram on a i5 2500k and the game runs on dog♥♥♥♥♥♥on high graphic settings, specially when driving.The game play is however interesting and something different, but the fact that you can't even play it.It's a kick in the balls after paying $80 for the Deluxe edition."
,Recommended,243470,19863355,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,風の音,Pretty good....
,Not Recommended,243470,16063729,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Nick Filkin,It turned out to be fuuuukeng sh*t
76561198093434792,Not Recommended,243470,11923175,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,punky brewster,"level 1: wait for ubisoft to fix the damn game and stop making dlc's, level 2: log into ubisoft, level 3: hope it works this ♥♥♥♥ing time"
76561197973135684,Not Recommended,243470,15351717,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Werwolf786/Suyash,"Ok,I have been waiting for this game for the last year or so. I finally went and bought it. BOY am i dissapointed by it.My system specs are as follows:Operating System : Win 8.1Processor : Intel Core i7 -4702MQ @ 2.20GHz 8CPURAM       : 8 GB RAMDirect X  : DirectX 11Graphics Card: NVIDIA GeFORCE GT 740M 4GBI cannot even get past the stadium because when i try to use the camera's to hack, it lags badly. I have turned the settings at the lowest settings and still cannot get it to work properply. BOY did i waste 40$. My drivers are updated. Still the same. Forums has no answer for this.Do yourself a favor, do not buy this."
76561198078240204,Recommended,243470,10293971,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,kreeperslayer45,"You guys are idiots. They took the time to make this game. First of all, you idiots (the people who are reviewing this game) are complainining about having trouble with Uplay. Maybe, this game is so popular that Uplay servers ae overloaded! Ever considered that? Second (And last) of all, you are complaining about the graphics. Either you don't have a good enough computer, or you  just are too ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ or lazy to change the graphics. This game is way better than something you guys could make. 10/10"
76561197972478106,Recommended,243470,30600786,Posted: 18 March,all,paster of the muppets {IRL},Awesome!!  One of my all time favourites!  Few Bugs and glitches but nothing thats a deal breaker.
76561198077174355,Recommended,243470,29683807,Posted: 3 February,all,fmat30,This game is very awesome and feels very worth-it... with the discount of course :)
,Not Recommended,243470,10498497,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,chillgreg,Ubisoft needed money so I donated 60 bucks to the poor frenchies. The game is like an ethiopian scam. I'm losing sleep and my hair is falling out.PS ctOS = come take our souls
,Not Recommended,243470,13648006,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Blinky126,"Its not what it lived up to, I was that guy who reads the reviews and most are negative and then thought to my self 'it cant be that bad' so i ended up buying it, lucky on sale. I was so disapointed at this game, driving is bad, walking is bad, story is bad and the whole game is bad. The game is also hard to run on my pc anyway (And my pc can run BF4 on ulture same with cod and ect) so... I dont think this game is worth the money unless it went to £10."
,Recommended,243470,30348867,Posted: 5 March,all,DDB CYBERNETICS,I approve
76561198008219288,Recommended,243470,10267716,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Degenerate Potato Molester,I stole 4 grand from a Scientologist. 10/10 GOTY
76561198054564148,Recommended,243470,33650042,Posted: 19 July,all,Pain,"Watch_Dogs is a game back then that I got really excited to play, the gameplay was interesting and Chicago was so beautiful! Unfortunately the gamer's fell through the conspiracy of the graphics downgrade on release. And the look of it now I was pretty disapointed. But that doesn't really lower my score that much, I enjoyed the gameplay of the game, it plays like a modern Assassin's Creed or Splinter Cell. I really like the leveling up in the game too, where you earn perk points by doing certain missions and levelling up which allows you to do certain and useful things during side quests and the main missions. However the driving in this game doesn't feel smooth, it much harder to steer and drive with Keybaord and Mouse, and I have played the Xbox One version of the game and I do not see a difference between the two. The story is pretty much a skinned version of Assassin's Creed in the modern day era, some of the characters were memorable and in my opinion Aiden Pierce is a badass character. I really liked him as a protagonist. T-Bone was an awesome character and one of my favourites is Jordy Chin, God I frickin' love that guy. Once you finish the game theres not much replayablility to the game, besides doing some sidequests if you're aiming for 100% in the progression. But what bugs me the most in this game is the fact that customisation of Aiden has been done poorly, in an Open World game with Cars like GTA or Sleeping Dogs I expect deep customisation. Overall this game earns an 8/10, it may be disapointing to some but in my opinion I liked it a lot. I do however recommend to get this game on Sale."
,Not Recommended,243470,16609891,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Cydrox,"What great things to do in this game. You're not even allowed to jump over a rock and the only thing you can buy in a Fast Food place is an energy drink. Even though those points I've mentioned are small things, Watch_Dogs just doesn't provide enough content.Oh and you practically do nothing in Multiplayer, nothing..."
76561198103645590,Recommended,243470,21062277,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Czarcasm,"I freaking love this game. I understand the hate as it was hyped a ton, but it's still pretty fun!"
76561198011506495,Not Recommended,243470,10263230,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Sabella,"This is an amazing hacking simulator.  First it installs software you didn't ask for that makes it impossible to play it.  Then it removes $60 from your checking account.  And that's just the introduction!  I've spent hours scouring the dark corners of the Internet for obscure DLLs, updating device drivers, and toggling overlays in an epic struggle with DRM!  I feel like a real hacker.  I still haven't gotten past the Ubisoft logo but I feel like I'm making real progress!10/10 would grab ankles and take it in the Ubisoft again."
,Recommended,243470,24900388,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,miNa,It would be better if you could move the character with your mouse like in Farcry and AC. Not easy to play if you have a half crippled left hand like me. I had to buy a controller with joysticks.
76561198012071265,Recommended,243470,24902222,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,WoodenDOOM,I love the multiplayer in this game.
76561198136132156,Recommended,243470,30073783,Posted: 20 February,all,Denz,"The game certainly does not deserve all the hate being directed at it, most of which existed due to the high expectations being placed onto the game during its pre-release, and as well Ubi's usual tactics of releasing a brilliant trailer that took away the lights from the actual game.The game gives a unique experience of hacking, an idea that has not being properly explored by other games. It is very fun to try out different hacking skills, (raising bridges, exploding steam pipes, hacking people's phone conversations). The storyline was also pretty cool about how an investigation/vengeance turned Aiden into a vigilante whose duty would be to cleanse Chicago of its notorious criminals. However the plot could have done better about the mind of Aiden and the struggle he is facing along his quest. Multiplayer hacking is exciting; numerous guns to try out; various side missions (gang hideouts and convoy missions). There is a little bit of problem with the graphics and driving but overall the game is satisfactory and certainly worth to get while on sales."
76561198045791126,Recommended,243470,27128595,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Tom Thrusterman,"Not a total disappointment, but it could have been better+ Good game mechanics+ Shooting feels really good+ Graphics are decent+ The city feels alive+ Hacking is fun+ Multiplayer if great- Slow paced story- Dullest protagonist- Lots of glithces and performance issues- Bad driving mechanics- Towers™____________________________A good experience overall, but GTA V is largely superior. Purchase only if you very like open-world GTA-style games."
,Recommended,243470,10511038,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,RAZOR,"Great Campaign! This game is a must have if you enjoy the concept of computers and hacking.There are tons of cars, guns, and clothes!8/10"
76561198008557277,Recommended,243470,14915375,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,heppsan,"This is an open world game with a fun twist with the hacking part, even if the hacking is a bit simplistic and the story isn't the best.I'm having really fun with it!And the rain effects, smoke and particle effects from gunplay and explosions are really good.The biggest problem with it is the physics of the vehicles, they literally handle like garbage!!With no weight or g forces what so ever, and this goes for both cars and boats.. .I wish they had made it more like Driver San Francisco in that regard, and hope they will improve this if they ever do a sequel!"
,Recommended,243470,10259063,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,ComradeWinston,"At the very least, I can say this game is something of a mechanical masterpiece aside from some of the sticky console mechanics that are all too obvious. You can't even completely turn auto-assist off.The hacking is satisfying enough, allowing you to manipulate practically everything electronic in site. From being able to burst a small pipe aside a building to stun targets or a pipe beneath the streets to blast a multitude of cars into the sky, there are at least about a dozen or two different things you can deploy or implode to serve your needs.Surprisingly the AI is extremely good, often flanking and working together for once. Even police, often not much more than fodder, are lethal and dogged pursuers you would do well to avoid altogether. Though the one issue with the game's world is how awkwardly forgiving and unforgiving it can be. For as much as police are deadly, unless they're summoned by a mission's script, you will rarely be able to catch their attention if ever; you can run over several pedestrians and a number of things on any given side walk without an ounce of heat gained.Visually, it isn't as impressive as it was previously, even at maximum settings. The textures were clearly downgraded among other things. Another major issue in that department would be the extremely short load distance, allowing you only to see a couple hundred meters in front of you a whole bunch of objects phasing into the world and probably being the source of a great deal of lag when driving at high speeds. However theWorse Modmakes the game both look and run better. If you've got a super rig, you can make it look just as good if not better than it was at its E3 reveal.The multiplayer modes are all quite good, allowing you to do a variety of things; racing, capture the flag(decryption), plain old classic coop world roaming with a limitation of eight players, among others including the 1v1 modes and so on. Granted Uplay is a terrible service, so if you really hate Ubisoft's DRM & digital store be aware the game will be based off of their ♥♥♥♥♥♥ service.Some would say the main character is the boring stereotypical badass protagonist, however I consider him perfect for the type of game this is. They provide just enough of a foundation of motive that allows the player to have whatever play style they prefer. Want to be silent and sneaky, saving people in the dark dank alleyways or kill lots of people and steal everybody's money? Have at it.In the end, most problems lie in the performance department, aside from the previously mentioned awkward ludonarrative dissonance in the world's reaction to the player's actions. And on a general side note, guns feel pretty powerful, explosions aren't Hollywood pyrotechnic displays, making it a more realistic grounded experience in contrast to something like Saints Row or GTA."
,Recommended,243470,28084317,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,an@seancool.com,"Watchdogs combines several elements from Assasins Creed, Far Cry and GTA V into an open world epos that took me into a nice journey with tons of quests, sneak and shoot stuff and fooling around with my hacking skills.The arechitecture of the world is nice, the weather effects, the environment, the ""living"" streets.The main char is boring so, lacks ""charakter"", and the side missions just take time but did not feel rewaring to me.The digital trips add a fantastic layer to the game tho, you HAVE to mess around with the Spidertank-Trip, it is like Just Cause and Serious Sam had a baby.While WD can't compete with GTA V it has it strengths and let me easily dive 40+ hours into this game, I still have to finish the Blood DLC.WD is a solid 7/10 for me."
,Recommended,243470,14871875,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Wilef,"I liked this game for more of a roaming game, runnign around doing random♥♥♥♥♥♥ instead of actually doing missions, I found it more enjoyable.I didn't really like the driving on faster cars, I liked driving trucks and vans, faster cars were too sensitive and couldnt turn to well *atleast for me*  Seemed like it tried to drive like GTA, but something with it was just, off.Other than that I found it fairly good, the missions werent terrible I just couldnt enjoy them.Also I personally didnt like the online hacking thing, just seems annoying to me."
,Recommended,243470,23593087,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Classic Sonic,It got the AK47 right unlike GTAV.
,Recommended,243470,10308487,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,00Donkey,"This is a great game overall! And all but 2 of the multiplayer game-mode's are ACTUALY FUN! DESPITE the fact that, when you DO invade someone's game world, they KNOW YOUR COMMING and that ruins the point of hacking and invading, (youre supposed to be ablle to catch them offguard according to the game's advertising, AND youre told you can ""invade the games of your friends"" butat the moment, SADLY,... You cant!.. (FOR NOW, at least.)BUT... there's MORE THAN A FEW inconsistancies in that,... despite that about 1/3rd OF THE MAP BEING WATER,... the police have ZERO BOATS and NEVER pull out more than one helicopter to follow you,... so evading the police is as simple as hacking the police helicopter so that it cant follow you for a short time, and stepping onto a boat and floating down the river as fast as u can!...And Speaking of the in-game Police,... What's probably the most annoying INCONSISTENCY,... Was there is ZERO POLICE patrols so you can LITTERALLY DO WHATEVER YOU WANT, until a civilian calls them, and you LITTERALLY just take their phone away and its over with!...and that TAKES AWAY from the whole ""Playing a hacker who can get in unnoticed and evade getting caught""...when the reality is, you can do whatever you want and the ""cameras the city installed EVERYWHERE to PREVENT CRIME, doesnt EVER EVEN TRY TO REPORT YOU OR even random civilians who rob/shoot eachother... it seem's to me that the game was a bit rushed towards the end of its devlopment but sadly that's FAST becoming the ""industry norm"" where they rush the poor dev's to keep investor's happy and sadly it takes away from the game, and worse it's becoming NORMAL to make investor's and publishing agencies happy and settling for ""mediocrity"" as far as the satisfaction of the gamer's themselves... BUT.... back to watchdogs,...it IS overall WORTH THE $60 dollar price-tag!.. in my opinion... which is RARE these days, you can tell the dev's put ALOT OF WORK into making it fun to play! and i'm only halfway through act-2 of 5! And the high sales this game has shown pretty much GUARENTEE'S there to be a ""Watchdog's-2"" and i'm HOPING  that the Dev's are allowed to TAKE THIER SWEET TIME (and also make enemies more than just ""near-sighted-clones of assassin's creed enemies!""...and i hope they're allowed to take their time, like they're doing with ""Mirror's Edge-2"" and hopefully the sequel is allowed to be the game (you can tell after a few hours of playing) that the Developer's WANTED to make! and not the game that Developers were forced to push out due to budget and time contraints!all in all, i still reccomend this game and if you wait till it's in the $20dolllar range like I did with ""Sleeping dog's"" then you'll REALLY be happy WITH IT! BUT it MOST CERTAINLY IS, WORTH THE $60 dollar price tag!AFTER-THOUGHT= ALMOST FORGOT TO MENTION, that its still a little buggy, in that, i've crashed to desktop about 4 times in the passed 70+hours of gameplay, but as i mentioned before it's STILL worth it! and who knows it COULD just be my machine but i doubt it considering i'm running an AMD-Radeon HD 7850 Graphics card, with 8ghz of 1600-speed Corsair RAM as well an ASROCK motherboard run by an INTEL IVY-Bridge: i5 3570(K) model (NOT OVERCLOCKED). So i KNOW my system can handle the game just fine. i anyone reads this and is crashin to desktop from time to time, please let me know that its not just me! lol"
,Recommended,243470,32898698,Posted: 27 June,all,Funtime Foxy,epic
,Not Recommended,243470,10254605,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Codes_Mahoney,"Firstly, I couldn't review this game until I had 5 minutes play time, when I had already played for at least 3-4 hours. Secondly, I wish I would have waited to read the steam reviews. Immediately I'm faced with this crappy UPlay login junk which I dispise, so already I'm already a little peeved. Then, from there, I'd say I have a pretty good rig with a GTX 770 and yet car chases tend to momentarily freeze and refresh, even with the graphics turned down to High after they auto detect to Ultra. The running/walking seems clunky to me since you often have to a do a full running circle before you turn around. The whole ""hacking"" concept sounds cool... but all you do is press q to pretty much wave your magic cell phone and take control of stuff. All in all, I guess I just wish I had waited, and known better. I'll probably still trudge through it a bit more, since I spent 60 bucks on it, but I'm just not all that enthuzed at this point."
,Recommended,243470,27323992,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Jane's Vagina,"Lots of fun, decent story"
76561198089857707,Recommended,243470,27497764,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Lil Wil,GTA 5 but lot less violance
,Not Recommended,243470,10259124,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,KDirty,"I would not wish this game on my worst enemy. The graphics are literally unacceptable for the year 2014. I have 2 nVidia GPUs in SLI, which means I have TWO GPUs made by the people who paid money to keep the code out of AMD's hands. I can't imagine what AMD users are going through right now, and I my heart goes out to them.Do not do this. I had been waiting for this game for 2 years, and despite all of the bad press it had received, I thought I would give it the benefit of the doubt. If you're on the fence, you'd be better off attempting to eat the fence, choke, and die than jump on the Watch_Dogs side of the fence and purchase this game.You do not want your rig pumping as hard as it can to render horrendously shaded and skinned graphics, or cutscenes where eyebrows are just smudges rather than rendered hair. Don't. Just don't. Do something else. I have seen better skins in Minecraft."
,Not Recommended,243470,10259080,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,NeoNevus,"This game runs horrid, plays horrid, feels horrid. Why Ubisoft? You had Years to create a good game and this is what you came up with! >:/ It's sad to see such potential wasted on Bad controls, Bad Gunplay, not 'Next-Gen Graphics', Boring Driving, and a (so far scattered story). Honestly, i wasnt hyped for this so im not as♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥as some people. Although, i can honestly say this is not worth your money. Go buy something worth it... please."
76561198081790692,Not Recommended,243470,10261098,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,pl0x ¯\(º_o)/¯,The game stops working after the ubisoft logo....pfft.. :/
76561197961412521,Not Recommended,243470,10254147,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Mad,Ubisoft strikes again! Yet another case of consolitis has infected the PC gaming world. Game is unplayible for a lot of people. Entering a car drops the FPS byt 20-50 for most players which is honestly a ludicrous situation. Its not like we suddenly have a full dashboard being displayed to massivly increase the poly count. If your onbe of the poor suckers afflicted by this expect the usual 4-8 months before Ubisoft even admits its a problem before they start working on it ... after all .. they won't see the problem on thier consoles.
76561197989205193,Not Recommended,243470,10254295,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Akuma,uplay wont let me play.... what a crap idea to make me sign on through steam AND uplay... i hate this
76561198103202498,Not Recommended,243470,10254371,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Mr. Wiggles,Watch_Dogs is Dog♥♥♥♥♥♥GOTY.
,Not Recommended,243470,10261082,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Abyss,"Error ""Disrupt_b64.dll"" is an error that makes watch_dogs crash straight after the ubisoft logo and a large majority of people have it. It is not to do with any system requirements but simply to do with the game itself - meaning that there is no way for the player to avoid it. Some are dodging the error by playing in offline mode but this does not work for me. The game is currently unplayable - anybody thinking of getting this game should wait until the error is fixed. Also, using uplay was NOT a good idea as now nobody likes it as a reult. 0/10 Literally unplayable"
76561198047455977,Not Recommended,243470,10259115,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,smokeinmyeyes2,"The uplay DRM makes this impossible to play. I spent over 8 hours till I could finally play the game.  Afterwards, I found the game was just....boring.  The world was lifeless, the acting and writing was cliche' and predictable.Most annoying of all is the driving controls are AWFUL.  There's a good amount of lag that makes driving feel like it's steering an elephant on rollerskates.The guns are boring and the cover mechanic is glitchy.The game does look nice in certain areas, but the performance problems made even that suck.  I have a top of the line gaming laptop with a gtx780 and the game would stutter so much it gave me a headache.  Note, other times it ran smooth as butter, so I'm wondering if it's the DRM or whatever, because my PC wasn't taxed at all.All in all, i'd give it a 7/10.  It's worth a few hours on a lazy sunday, but definitely not worth $60 and definitely not worth the hype.  It's a shame, I was really looking forward to this game."
,Not Recommended,243470,10259111,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,majik16106,"I see a lot of people complaining about the AMD processors and they may lead you to believe that if you have Nvidia you are safe. The politics of choosing a company to give development info to aside.. let me assure you if you have an Nvidia card you still will have TONS of issues.I am super disappointed and can only hope patches are incoming. My PC can play modded skyrim on ultra, Ds2, Oblivion with tons of mods, borderlands 2, shift2, any mmo, Tomb Raider, Portal 2, whatever on Ultra. I'm still having trouble getting this game to be playable on ""high"". I am getting severe screen stuttering/lag whenever cops chase or crowded driving areas. Lots of frame dropping just walking or running around.This is aside from the fact that the game play isn't exactly what they promised. I would love to expand on that, but at the moment game just isn't playable for me. I'd rather wait for a patch then drop settings all down to ""low"" just so i can find out how dissapointing the rest of the game is."
,Not Recommended,243470,10254020,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Infected Granny,It runs off of uplay and the uplay wont connect to the enternat and it seas to connect support but they dont have the problem listed and they dont have live people.
,Not Recommended,243470,10254842,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,shadow_ninja9,"This review might not be entirely fair only because I've never played Watch_Dogs. Although I spent $60 on it, I am totally unable to launch the game because of UPlay. Despite having an account and a working internet connection, it refuses to allow me to play the game. I have been trying to connect for a good solid hour now, to no avail. This is garbage and, in my case, literally unplayable. I've always hated Ubisoft for the garbage they pull with their PC games but for whatever reason I thought this time would be different. Unsurprisingly, I was mistaken."
76561198121606129,Not Recommended,243470,10260934,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Swyn-,5/10
,Recommended,243470,24120118,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Chase Quinnell,Good story.   E3 graphics downgrade was pretty disappointing but overall I enjoyed my experience.  Hacking could have been better.
,Recommended,243470,15008414,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,ZanyScum,"37 hours without DLCs until the end scene for me.When I played, at first I hated the game, just because of the really bad cars.This game is about driving, hacking and shooting and because of the cars 1/3 of the game is really bad.The story is very often bad too.You are a super hacker with tools and friends which should give you a lot of power.Someone kidnapps your sister and you just follow his orders because ""there is no other way""?Super hacker, right?You have the most searched for data on your hard disk, someone hacks you...""he is downloading, we have to track him back or we will lose all the data""....sure... what about disconnecting your network?You have hideout, what for? Sleeping? What for?You can get a lot of money, what for? Weapons? And then?This game is so bad in so many way, nevertheless, I played to the end.Because some of the game content is just fun to play.I love the weapons. All of them. Silenced sub machine guns,grenade launchers, sniper rifles, assault guns or just over powered revolvers.You can slow the time (""focus"") but I only used it in my car to time the explosion rightwhich will destroy the other car(s).You have some tools like grenades, remote triggers grenades, landmine like grenades and so on.You really have a lot of firepower.If three enemy vehicles full of enemies approach and two vehicles get destroyed by proximity minesand you lob a grenade from your grenade launcher at the third, your enemies are no more -> fun.Go into missions guns blazing or all silent, hack through cameras and kill with technology,sneak unseen or kill all enemies? Your choice in many of the missions.Lots of side missions, good looking city and did I mention the real bad cars?""Hacking"" is just pressing a button (""Q"") at the correct time or for the correct objects.But you have a lot of options. Distract enemies, make their explosives explode,explode objects near the enemies or just use the cameras to tag all enemiesso you get updated information about them on your minimap.Everything in me shouts: do NOT recommend this game,but hey, I DID finish it, and I had fun.So, yes, get it for cheap and have fun!Btw, I had no bugs until the very end when the end scene would not stop.Gtx 660 TI with ultra settings"
,Recommended,243470,19177796,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,FCB,"I was on the hate train when this game launched. When I first installed and launched it, I absolutely despised it. I was annoyed by the game mechanics, and simply hated the abomination the driving was. However, after about an year, I reinstalled it today, and honestly, it was a great decision.It looks like we simply ignored the good aspects of this game when it was launched and focused purely on what Ubisoft did wrong. However the pros are vast compared to the cons. Sure, the story might feel a bit stupid but the voice acting of Pearce has made me really feel attached to his character. I despised the mechanics because they were quite different from what I was used to, but now, once I got the hang of it, they feel like an absolute charm.The world is filled with stuff to do and most of the time I have found myself doing side activities rather than the story itself. There is just so much to do. The stealth mechanics are brilliant and the satisfaction you get after successfully infiltrating a gang hideout cannot be described in words. The hacking minigame is extremely clever and is infrequent so you don't get annoyed by it. Other than that, the concept of hotspots and other little things in the world are an absolute delight. Trust me, the open world is amazing.The only problem I have with this is the performance. I am on a laptop so I cannot complain that much. With the huge amount of things to do and the absolutely delightful gameplay, the graphics can be excused.Overall, Watch Dogs is a solid game which is hugely underrated. Go ahead, buy it and you won't regret it."
76561198104490681,Not Recommended,243470,13686211,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Hugh Mungus,Game Dosnt Get Past the Loading screen Its Terrible >:(
,Recommended,243470,19692913,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,kawa,"Blah blah E3 Ubisoft blunder it's♥♥♥♥♥♥ It's actually pretty ok if you don't take any expectations into it, I'd give it a 7/10 if asked for a number. I actually enjoyed it enough to play through it twice."
,Recommended,243470,28824480,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Bbraun2,"Finished the whole game in 10 hrs, no sleep xD"
,Recommended,243470,16984315,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,rick astley,poop
,Not Recommended,243470,24288831,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Chinoborracho,"I won't lie, this game is genuinely fun.But it's highly, highly lacking for an open world game. In about 5 hours, you've seen all the minigames and mission types. You're introduced to most of the powers available to you, there isn't much reason to get better weapons or unlock better cars, all of them have roughly the same utility.It's almost as if the missions were designed with just the core gameplay in mind with no attempts to tailor challenges or encounters to benefit from an upgraded character or to accomodate multiple playstyles.Furthermore, the world feels incredibly shallow. People have randomized everything (appearances, background, kinks, money). I saw a construction worker hit on a lawyer while drunk in a railyyard. Uh, wut? I get that they were going for the ""hey, the random stranger encounters for GTA4 were cool!"" but it feels cynical and plastic here.My biggest gripes are in the mechanical interplay between Aidan's abilities and the gameplay loop. I HAVE to get into a vehicle chase and I HAVE to use a ctOS hack to take the vehicle down and I HAVE to tackle him on foot? I can't use satchel charges to cut him off from a vehicle? I can't just do a Pit maneuver? This is the exact opposite of MGSV, where multiple mechanics can be used to accomplish the same goal.I feel like the dev's ambitions were far more grand and the game was forced into a narrow frame of repeated and narratively boring hoops. The only part of the game I genuinely like are the ctOS towers and unlocking the Batcave, Watch_Dogs should be commended for some of the best puzzle platforming I've seen in a while. But resources were spent on cutscenes, voice acting, and text conversations that the player might not ever see, and that's unfortunate.I give it Puzzle Platforming and Voyeurism / 10."
76561198126726522,Recommended,243470,29789503,Posted: 8 February,all,Jake From Statefarm,"*The review says that I have about 35 hours but for some reason my hours have been drastically decreasing, for example Payday 2 went from my 472+ hours down to somewhere below 200...*Watch_Dogs, a wonderful game. Good graphics on literally any level of detail. The game runs very smoothly, has wonderful side-missions and a superb storyline. At first I experienced slight trouble with the whole UPlay deal, but it was swiftly fixed by itself.I would reccommend this game to those of 14+ do to some nudity, but the language and violence isn't half as bad as ERSB would like us all to think.There is one thing I am not seeing in too many reviews. The invasion/hacking online issue. For all I know, you don't have a choice on if you get hacked and have to search for the player or not. But you have a choice on if you'd like to hack others or not. The game is wonderful for the price and I would go up to $50.00 (USD) with ease!Would I reccommend this game? Without a doubt, I love Watch_Dogs even more then Payday 2 and I have as recently stated more than 472 hours! Put clearly, I reccommend this game to anyone asking about it.Thank you for reading my review, I hope it helped and also hope that you have a wonderful day/night!"
76561198012374319,Recommended,243470,35080835,Posted: 20 September,all,Le Cid,Well... yeah... the outright lies of the trailers and the downgrades that happened brought shame on Ubisoft.But it's still a good game.
,Recommended,243470,29269304,Posted: 15 January,all,Laptop Ranger,"I don't know what to say about this game.I mean, I'm enjoying the story, and that's it.The mission are varied, well made and fun.The side missions are there just to be there, honestly, they really suck, you insta fail them, mostly are the sameAnother thing that really sucks are the stealth mecanics, the enemy spots you from 50 meters in one second, this really sucks.The graphics are ok, at night when raining it looks very nice.Multiplayer is a blast! I'm having such a good time hacking other players, racing againts them, it's really fun !If you are looking for an angry protagonist, with a prety decent story ( so far, I'am at act II) then I recomend it.If you are looking for a GTA sandbox style game, well, this one is not for you ..."
76561198054062443,Recommended,243470,13890171,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,jwrath,"I haven't had any FPS issues at all. I am running everything on ultra but the anti aliasing. I am running it on 1920x1080p 680m sli i7 computer too. I beat it with its dlc and I have to say, it is one of the most beautiful games I have ever seen! I wasn't bored at all during the game! I recommend it to everyone!"
,Recommended,243470,13897581,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,morovinger88,on the end of 2014 (with all patch) its one of the best open world. have tons of activity and storyline pretty smooth.
76561198200165997,Recommended,243470,21941994,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Ginsy~,Can't afford GTA V? This game is the best alternate choice.
,Recommended,243470,10322181,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Hendrix,"I can see a good evolving franchise like AC, it does get a bit repetitive but there are enough side missions and things to do in the world to vary it and some missions can become really really frustratingly difficult.Sure it had a few teething issues with Uplay but is that really a reason to dismiss the whole game? No you have to be an utter ♥♥♥♥wit, frankly PC gamers are lucky we even get games on PC anymore. Don't review a game if you haven't even played it yet, your not reviewing Uplay bloody mongheads.I see a lot of people moaning about it, they clearly either don't have a good enough PC or are COD fans. It took me a couple of goes at the start to figure out that it is much easier to be stealth than all guns blazing which in many stealthy games like the splinter cell series just sucked and I hated them, so it's nice to be able to be stealthy and have fun with it. But stealth doesn't mean you can't go around shooting people in the head with your silenced 9mm, the AI don't automatically know where you are when you shoot either which is a bonus and slightly more real, equally though some times it is impossible to be stealth and you have to kill every mother ♥♥♥♥er in the room.Car chases are the most annoying parts, the chase camera is the single most irritating chase camera ever and cars are a little bit to sensitive on the wheel and you end up having needles collisions that cause you to lose the mission sometimes.I have been playing it almost solidly after getting it (well actually, before I realised how to play it properly I switched it off a lot of times with disgust and irritation) and I have to say visually stunning and great concept, the mechanics are similar to AC as you would expect but varied enough that the gameplay style is much more varied, very very reminiscent of GTA but better, I would probably go as far as saying despite the lack of exaggerated humour and violence you see in GTA, it kind of beats GTA at it's own game just by being a bit more logical with it all (except not being able to shoot from a car, that is sometimes irritating when you are being hit with a shower of bullets). I look forward to it's evolution."
76561197970849175,Not Recommended,243470,23793564,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Pants,"I just could not bring myself to finish the game. It really is the peak of simplistic, dumbed down story, graphicaly downgraded, minigame bloated product. The characters are boring, dialogues can be skipped after some time and the plot is just another generic revenge story.The only thing I found interesting, are the tidbits you learn about the pedestrians and the surveilance videos of ctOS. Other than that there is nothing really engaging, although there might be people who like to gather crates \ hard disks \ audio messages around the map or play one of the five minigames on the in-game smatphone instead of progressing in a good plot."
,Recommended,243470,14201816,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Niko Bellic,"If you can run it, it's excellent. If you can't.... well... you should probably skip this game."
,Recommended,243470,10268420,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,aDfkL!!,"Ok so let me first start off by saying this is my first review I've ever done but I feel the need to clear some things up and rid some of the herd mentality bashing this game. There may be spoilers.Watch Dogs puts you in the feet of Aiden Pearce, a 30 ish man who suffered a great loss at the death of his daughter Lena Pearce who was killed by gunman on a hired hit. This leads aiden down a path that he really can't avoid hacking into chicagos new ""ctOS"" system, working with underground crime syndicates, and human trafficking. All in all the story is somewhat bland aiden mopes around a lot and is usually manic deppresive about the state of everything. We start to see a slight change in his mentality somewhat in the beginning of the story where he essentially ""picks himself up by the bootstraps"". It also helps that he gets♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off easily when people ♥♥♥♥ with his family. He reminds me almost of a family friendly ""Punisher"" willing to go to extreme lengths to protect or avenge his family yet not quite stick a guys hand into a wood chipper. Instead he threatens a guy for example with 60 years in prison if he decides to snitch and reveal that aiden was the one involved in a murder.You would think that making a prison sentence change for a person would be kinda hard for a guy not involved with law enforcement. Well for Aiden it isn't, with his phone he has control over the entire city from knowing everything about  anyone he passes by. To being able to predict possible crimes about to start in the area then having the option to stop them (if you do stop them and take down the suspect you get a boost to your reputation among the citizens of chicago). He can change traffic signals, barricads, bridges, road spikes, cause miniature blackouts, or even whole city wide blackouts. While this definetly helps when you get into tough situations facing multiple enemies if you don't play the cards your given right. Aiden will die, he isn't like most protaginists in video games anymore Aiden can die easily if you don't watch how you play. Sure the guy is the best hacker in the city and he has sick parkour moves but just like us he's human, and just like us he dies from multiple gun shot wounds.As I stated eariler the story does get kinda bland at some points but it gets better with certain people you meet, such as Jordi Chin a top level fixer who is being payed by Aiden for his help. Personally I love Jordi he provides an almost dark humor to things to counter act Aidens usually steely intense-I gotta save my family-nature. He provides great character support and makes me hate Aiden a little less. Other people you will meet for example are Clara Lille, T-Bone, and ""Iraq"". All of these characters offer something to the table to help mold Aiden into what he eventually becomes.I personally didn't have any notable problems other then stuttering and frame drops when driving at high speeds which was fixed by simply lowering the graphics options although while I played on High the graphics were beautiful the weather effects were great and it was nice to see how it affected the surroundings the main reason behind the stuttering for me was the fact that I have a 4 year old computer that is outdated by now (Gtx 580, i7-2600k, 8 gigs of ram) which is perfectly understandable and acceptable for the lack of loading screens when entering areas or different parts of the city (the only times I've noticed it will do a loading screen is when you fast travel).The controls were a dissapointment I will say that, the aiming felt sluggish and it almost felt if Aiden was unsure of whether or not he actually wanted to killed people, the driving mechanics really need some work although you get used to it after a while when you start using the hand brake it still could use a lot of work I started to see myself favoring large trucks because it felt like they handled better even in the city. Also the game ui is meant for consoles for obvious reasons, even though the graphics were pc focused the UI was not. When using your smart phone you have to move your mouse to select or navigate the menus instead of the usual wasd or arrow keys. While it does server to mimic you swiping the screen to navigate your fancy phone it gets tiring if you're using the phone interface a lot.The games redeeming factor comes into its online play which even now, needs some work. While playing your singleplayer game you can and will at times be ""invaded"" by another player ala Dark Souls style. This is usually when its a 1v1 ""online hacking"" mission your job is to find the ""invader"" and kill them before they steal your data and you lose a ton of your noteriety. It can get very intense as you're trying to hide from the person trying to kill you or you're desperately looking for the invader as you watch the percentage go even higher. As I said online play needs some work it takes a while to join someones session (the avg wait time is wrong by a lot) and even then its not a gurantee that you will stay connected to the session. The best example I've seen of this is in the games ctOS Mobile Challange. This is where you the person at the computer can go head to head against another user on their phone. They control the cops and barricades and all the other nasty bits that you would usually have at your disposal and your job is to make it to an end destination in time without being arrested a great idea and it does work ""sometimes"" but its to buggy and reliant on each users connection to work perfectly.All in all this game is a mixed bag it has its shining moments but it also has its moments where you ask what were the developers thinking. What I can say is, is that this game is not a failure but more of what we are to expect in the game industry in this day and age when it comes to the major  ""big 3"". I'd give the game a 7.8/10.DISCLAIMER: I've only put in around 22 hours into the game and I'm not even half way finished with the story while it may feel like it goes quickly it really doesn't you can also do a lot of things outside of the story and outside of multiplayer such as exploring areas playing mini games or even just preventing crims or doing fixer contracts."
76561198025030468,Recommended,243470,10260043,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,NERDWARS1,"I have not had any crashes in my hours of playing this game.  It borrows a lot of elements from the Assassins Creed franchise, but brings some of its own elements to the table.  The one thing I like to say about this game is when it is good it is good, but when it is bad it is horrible.  Thankfully the good outweighs the bad.  I can not say that I would reccomend this game over and of these: Saints Row 3-4, Sleeping Dogs (they share a word), GTA 5 (If you have access to a PS3), GTA 4,  Deus Ex Human Revolution, or even the new AC 4.  If, like me, you have played all of these then absolutely get this game.Pros-Stealth Mechanics-Shooting-Hacking System-TONS OF CONTENT (You could probably get about 40+ hours worth)Cons-Terrible Driving-Weak Story-Side Quests get repetitive-Frustrating Rubber Banding from Cops."
,Recommended,243470,23506327,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,The Night King,"I'm not quite sure why alot of people disliked this game enough to give it a negative rep. Im guessing if they did their specs are less than minimal. This game is great, graphics are fantastic, gameplay is amazing. I will say the realistic difficulty is still quite easy. If you can run the game and have the money. Its a great choice to pass the time."
,Not Recommended,243470,10264242,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Deathstrike,"Save yourself the time and money, don't buy this. Don't give Ubisoft anything for what this has become after what we were shown at E3."
,Recommended,243470,10389521,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,kickboxerblue,"This game is soooo sick. Its like GTA, Mission Impossible, and Assassins Creed all had a baby together.  Not much more you could ask for.  Its got the Cars, Guns, Espionage, Hacking, and ""OPEN WORLD"" to keep you busy for hours while always having something new to do.  With so many possible outcomes, determined upon your actions, the game is almost endless.  If I had more money, I'd buy a copy of this game for everybody on my firends list :D"
,Recommended,243470,35350816,Posted: 30 September,all,N3xus,StopJust stopDon't compare third person shooters with GTAJust don'tThis game is mainly made for the story
,Recommended,243470,28493666,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,de_bayan  skinsjar.com,NICE GAME
,Not Recommended,243470,11101346,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,SweetTeeth,"So after finishing the whole game and playing a good bit of online, I can can honestly say this.1. Story is very damn bland, feels like a Batman story line that all told to the devs though a can with a string.2.  Proformance issues is a big problem, there is a mod that lessens studders and crashes along with making the game look like the E3 2012 ""Gameplay"" if you want to call it that.3. uPlay is needed to play, enough said.4. Driving, physics, and shooting mechanics seem to have been their second to last priority.5. There is no getting your money back if you pay for it and say ""I cannot play your game without destroying my harddrive graphics card from all these crashes and game saves croupting."" to ubisoft support. Mind you I sent that request to support a week into the release.6. All DLC/Pre-order outfits/guns are either given or out matched by other items in game.7. DLC seems like the other quarter of this half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥game.8. In multiplayer you have an option between a select few AI's and not wanna be Batman.9. Multiplayer has no offical servers, matches are hosted by players with the worst ping.10. The coolest thing in watch dogs was right before the end when you get the chance to use and app on your phone to stop a peace maker like in this video(http://youtu.be/cI8IJeuyeZw?t=7m2s)and thats about it.Oh and fare warning to those who get this unfinished half @5$3|) game, you will probably crash a lot more than usual when you hear of Default and get done with the peace maker part, thats where I seemed to crash the most."
,Not Recommended,243470,13092484,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,shutupfox,"In this game you play as Aiden Pierce, a down on his luck dad who has crazy misadventures while trying to solve the murder of an 16th century Duke. Using the powers of compassion, kindness, and also apps, he battles against Chicago in a race to be the best.That would have been a more interesting premise. If you like assassins creed but hate all the climbing, this one is for you."
76561198043338423,Not Recommended,243470,10259584,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Epickiller10,"I love the game.. when i can play it........ if you have an AMD graphics card as i do STAY THE ♥♥♥♥ AWAY it is unoptimised to♥♥♥♥♥♥and unplayable due to the many, MANY crashes.. i am lucky if i get an hour without crashes. and furthermore, when it crashes it breaks the ♥♥♥♥ out of my pc and i am unable to do anything but hold the power button and hope it ends painlesslyHow my rating was influenced:Gameplay 10/10 from what i have seen ( i love it idc what anyone else says)crashes -200000000000000000/10"
76561198067602115,Not Recommended,243470,14035433,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,oobie doobie,no
,Not Recommended,243470,12753835,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Hubz,Fun for a bit but gets very boring.
,Recommended,243470,10259923,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,TinyTein,"I love this best thing i ever do when i play this is check the graphic setting and adjust to my computer spec and see how it work out and later improve it more to see if there any issue so far playing on High/Ultra with no problem.Check setting for which graphic card your running for Anti Anli and lower to spec needs. Ombient occlusion best be at +low then the default they have.AMD used MSAA for anti anli, Nvidia user used TSAA ^^ hope this help everyone"
76561198077131026,Not Recommended,243470,11066763,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,哭泣食尸鬼,♥♥♥♥u ubi♥♥♥♥♥u uplay
,Not Recommended,243470,12736526,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Jimmyv,This game has a great idea but the execusion is bland and gets boring quite fast.
,Not Recommended,243470,12736388,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,ANGELO MERKELƘERP,Worst game I've ever bought at full price.
,Recommended,243470,11606549,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Millimeter Peter,"Hacked into a computer, and saw a man extend his♥♥♥♥♥♥♥20/10"
,Not Recommended,243470,12754532,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Orange,"Can't run it sometimes, when I can any explosion or shot from a gun crashes the game."
76561198059729510,Not Recommended,243470,10549032,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Satan,"I'm going to start with what's good: the combt, the stealth, and the NPCs (they are very detailed)Now what's bad: EVERYTHING ELSE, the story is♥♥♥♥♥♥ the characters suck (all but one), the driving is awful (some people say it's realistic, but it isn't, play FORZA 5, which has realistic driving, and compare it to the♥♥♥♥♥♥driving in Watch Dogs), lack of car and weapon customization, over half the missions (only criminal convoys are fun), the narritive, the optimization (or lack there of), the fact that Uplay's♥♥♥♥♥♥servers never work.That's about it, I wouldn't buy it for anything over $10 (I made the mistake of buying the Deluxe version day 1 for $70), Ubisoft screwed up on this, but hopefully the second one is better. BTW there is going to be a second because the ending of this was just sequel bait."
,Recommended,243470,23596427,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,☢AlieN☢,"I Really don't understand why there is so much negative reviews about this game of course it has some pros but it's not so bad because this game is like GTA. But about Hackers, also there is some stuff from Far Cry series but Hacking is most important and most awesome thing about this game.So don't look at this bad Reviews, they probably from guys who expect graphics like at E3 2012, but it was abvious that they didn't make this graphics for final version of the game so if u like GTA or Far Cry you will like this game a lot!"
,Recommended,243470,17270725,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,RexX51,"Its good, i don't know why everybody is hating  it"
76561198077678192,Recommended,243470,15092865,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Zenti,I like to wash dogs
76561198104601838,Not Recommended,243470,15595787,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Carina,"Let's begin with the good parts (at least to me) of this game:1) It takes forever to finish the campaign2) The map is huge and you can practically drive anything3) The most fun I had while playing was reading the information about people or watching them do stupid things (like a woman standing in front of an occupied toilet and desperately trying not to♥♥♥♥♥♥her pants)4) The above makes you feel like a god and after the 20 something hours I have played so far, it still hasn't become boring5) Personally, I loved the hacking idea. No explanation needed. When you manage to solve a riddle à la ""Put the Cube in the square hole"" and can then creepily stalk people like you just accomplished something big in real life, you probably know what I mean.6) COLLECTIBLES: They are everywhere. Some of them can only be collected after a certain event in the story, some you can find all the time. As a person who enjoys and loves running around and picking stuff up for hours (le skyrim trauma), this was probably the best part of the game, unfortunately the most annoying as well (read a)...)Now let's get to the things that really annoyed me as a regular, not-so-pro gamer:a) I'd rather choose myself when I play a game online and when i don't. Being constantly interrupted in whatever I was doing ingame just to be annoyed by another player might be fun sometimes but most of the time it made me incredibly mad.b) Due to this online thing my game was constantly lagging because of bad interwebs - once again: If I think my computer and me can handel intense online Pvp-playing, that's exactly what I will do.c) There are many functions in this game that were much more extensive than other games I have played so far. It took me about 24 playing hours to find out were to look up all the things you can do in this game. The insane amount of features is a good thing, in my opinion, since players can develop their own style of solving the various tasks they have to face in Watchdogs. However, had I read all the instructions and explanations in the beginning or at least all that weren't completely self-explanatory, Aiden would have done nothing but standing around for the first two or three hours or, on other occasions, I would have to read helpful advices while I was trying to escape 10 police cars and 2 helicopers, which is impossible for a woman and car game beginner like me...d) This is just pointless complaining from now on, but the story did not make too much sense to me and still managed to be obvious, there were practically no facial expressions on ANY character in this game, other ubisoft games that were released years before this one hatLet's get to the conclusion:Do NOT underestimate my complaining about the online thing and if you don't particularly enjoy driving games or shooters, you should probably not play this game. Also, for the last two genres, there are definitely better games than this one. If you like spending hours in a game and enjoying the little things, you will find plenty in Watch_Dogs and might consider buying it anyway."
,Not Recommended,243470,12720324,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,origin00x,mouse acceleration and controls issues in general
,Not Recommended,243470,12757753,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Tready,"There is some good to Watch_Dogs like the missions where you hack several cameras in succesion and when you use hacked traffic lights and steam pipes on the cops. But this game's shallow bag of tricks gets old and repetitive very fast. Even with a price reduction, I don't think Watch_Dogs is worth your time. This game was WAY overhyped and the nonsensical, lazy storyline will do nothing to engage you. Also having to deal with Ubisofts ""Uplay"" is a completely unwelcome pain. Give it up Ubisoft...nobody wants your half-hearted attempt at a Steam clone!"
,Not Recommended,243470,12802193,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,RoleplayeR,"Finally had the time to finish the game so here's a review.The game had incredible potential but failed miserably in too many important aspects to be good.What I liked about the game:-Setting. It's awesome, ctOS is incredible, deadsec, rogue hackers, usual gangsters and ""all_controlling_corporations"", all that blends great in this particular title. The city looks great and is pretty dope to just run around in.-Variety of systems. The mechanisms for this game to be variative and interesting is there. Bunch of different minigames, hacking, contracts, whatever. They could do great things with it.What is OK in this game:-Characters and story. Nothing groundbreaking but it was ok. Some characters are interesting, some are cliche, overall I finished it for the story and wasn't THAT disappointed.-Combat system. Usual shoter stuff. Different enemy types, different weapons (though weapon system is really badly designed, as most of the game is ;D), cover, shoot stuff in head. Would be borderline boring but add hacking and it becomes quite fun.What is really wrong:-It's a console game. The controls are weird. The smart ""I_help_you_aim"" system might be cool for controllers, but it's obnoxious for a keyboard. I am not a ♥♥♥♥ing moron I know which minimap icon I want to pick (and the system won't let me, trying to correct me to another closest one). You obvoiusly can't look upward in the sky in most situations (and helicopter which you want to hack is always there), because humans can't do that. Car/weapon/phone interfaces are♥♥♥♥♥♥ (which is usual for a game adapted for gamepads).-Gameplay is repetitive and offers NO sense of achievement. I didn't care about getting skillpoints or leveling around 3 hours into the game. The skillsystem is forced and uninteresting. I've spent all my like 50 skillpoints near the end of the game just for lulz. The contracts are so similar it's not interesting doing then, it's also not a challenge at all. And there is no point in doing them, because there is barely any reward. Money is not needed in the game ever. There is no point in buying anything except top weapons (and you can do it pretty easily in the first 3-4 hours), then your weapon progression is freezed. There are many systems implemented, but none got really polished and designed to the end.-Uplay. Forced uplay, no steam achievements and interactions. ♥♥♥♥ that♥♥♥♥♥♥ (also ""failed to synchronize save games with cloud"" after 50% of game sessions. Are you serious?)-Locked in local language. They locked me into playing in russian language which is not cool. Noone does that, but for this game they decided to do. I don't like it.-Game is still bugged in performance and freeze aspects, but there are DLC already. As usual with these types of releases though. They're here to make money, not a good game.Considering I preordered this one I am severely disappointed. Do not buy and don't preorder the 2nd one (which will come for sure). Let's see if they learn from mistakes."
76561198134379650,Recommended,243470,19994529,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Quantum Waffle,"I'm not going to say that I wasn't dissapointed when I played this game.I mean come on, who wasn't? You could sworn this game looked life like at E3 and the story was going to be awesome as hell, but alll we got was an overhyped game.It's not a bad game though, it's actually quite good.Ignoring all the hype, what you get is a game with decent enough graphics, cool gameplay, a detailed map of chicago and an ""OK"" story.  It makes for a decent game that will take you around 40 something hours to fully play out.There are lots of reviews here saying that game is crap, or saying that it's garbage. But I'm gonna bet that those people were expecting miracles from this game when it was first revealed.  This game isn't garbage. It certainly isn't gold, but it's just decent.Recently I started playing this game again. It's been over a year since I last played this game. I forgot the hype and just played the game. And I enjoyed it.I'm not saying you buy this game ASAP, but consider it, especially if this game is 50% off on a sale or something."
,Recommended,243470,10824434,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,snoop,"A Fun game, good ubisoft graphics, pretty good story, with great side characters but a bland main character in Aiden Pierce. The Side missions are fun at first, especially the Gang Hideouts but get very repetetive and old quickly. Driving and combat are very well refined, I wish there had been a bit more to hack to add to that feature though. overall a decent game with a maximum of 50 hours, but we'll see what Ubisoft can do with the DLC, hopefully not just guns and outfits."
,Recommended,243470,10275289,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,SherkHA,"I don't know why this game has sooo many negative reviews about it crashing, system specs,and other various reasons. I enjoy the game, it runs smooth for me and rarely crashes. I love hacking people for money and stopping crime. I also love causing accidents by hacking the traffic lights and making everyone go through the light at the same time lol. I am only a few missions in the game, and it is really fun. I also enjoy the multiplayer as well, especially if you play with a friend or 7 friends in free roam.At the end I recommend this game to a friend or stranger 10/10"
,Not Recommended,243470,12755325,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Jaggedbubbles,"Watch_Dogs is a mediocre at best entry into a genre already dominated by the likes of Grand Theft Auto and Assassin's Creed.While ""hacking"" is an integral part of the game, it is literally the easiest thing to do. You just need to make sure you're within a certain distance and have battery life on your cell phone. If you don't, you just need to wait a few minutes (or less) and you'll have a bar. There is a small puzzle/mini-game during certain hacks, but they are only tedious at best.An interesting bit is the drop in of other players in a sort of miniquest or sidegame. I've never initiated any of these online quests, but I have been a target. You are basically tasked to find the other player within a specific time frame (before all your data is ""hacked""). I've found some and lost some, so it does at least seem fairly balanced.Aiden Pearce - the protagonist - is very, very dull. He has little to no character - even in the moments where he is supposed to be brooding or even angry, it's so monotonous you might miss it. The side characters - Nicky, Jordi, etc. - at least bring a little personality to the table, but it's few and far between and can't make up for Aiden.This game is fun for the first few hours, but, like many other similar games, it suffers from repetition. Personally, I'd skip it or get it when it's absurdly cheap. If you do choose to get it, I would look into ""The Worse"" mod - it makes the game absolutely stunning to look it."
,Not Recommended,243470,13680167,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Spice Boy Moptop,This game runs like a fat kid in P.E.
,Recommended,243470,10357890,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Titan,"A perfect mix of Assassins Creed, GTA, and strategy elements. It is truly amazing."
76561198104828279,Not Recommended,243470,14859899,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,TheHypochondriacMC,"This was one of the geniunely biggest disappoints I've ever played.  I was so excited for this game.  I live in Chicago, and it's my favorite place in the world.  The city in this game is not Chicago.  Its nothing like Chicago.  It doesn't feel like Chicago.  It doesn't even feel like a city.  It feels like a video game.  On top of that, the gameplay is super repetitive.  They make it seem like you could do stealth or guns blazing, but ultimately a large amount of missions basically force you to use guns.  But the gun physics are terrible.  Aiming is rigid.  Everything is rigid.  The dialogue is a joke.  The story is dull.  It's full of extra stuff that doesn't need to be in a game.  Why is playing poker a side mission?  It's also poorly coded.  The size of the file is huge, and the game requires a relatively new graphics card, but the graphics aren't that impressive.  It feels rushed.  And, much like everything from Ubisoft these days, it just feels like a rush job to make some money.I'm geniunely sad right now just writing.  This could have been so much better."
,Recommended,243470,10259808,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,The Cheesey One,"Does this game live upto to the hype? No, but do i care? Not really im having too much fun hacking ♥♥♥♥e and generally causing mischief.While the game does looks pretty awesome it is poorly optimised, i get around 45 - 50fps on high settings on my rig (I7 950, ATI 7870, 6gig of ram)Id recommend waiting till this goes on sale before you buy it, but still buy this game :-)"
,Recommended,243470,12106647,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Dark Side of the Moon,"Watch_Dogs is a fun game. Many people say its bad and very buggy, yes its a buggy game but in no way is the game bad.+ The grathics are very good but they were ment to be better.+ The Story is okay but I am going to give it a plus becasue its not a bad story and it starts off good.+ The controls are great and the animations make them feell very smooth and realistic.+ There are lots of side missions to do so there is alot of things to do.+ The open world really does feel alive when you can interact with lots of things.+ The idea of the game is very orignal with feels completly new when you first play it.+ The music fits very well and is played at the right moments.- The port to PC is very bad...- There are lots of bugs within the game which sometimes breaks the game.- The side missions are very similer and feel the same.I think Watch_Dogs is a great game and is has lots of things to do in it. Its worth the money... That is if you can run the thing. I would give a 7 out of 10. I would recomend it to freinds and fans of open worlds."
,Recommended,243470,10380200,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Starshadowx2,"Like a cross of Assasin's Creed and Grand Theft Auto, but hyper-modern. Great story, lots of things to do, amazing graphics, 10/10."
,Not Recommended,243470,10318977,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,TisAKitty,"Wasn't worth the weight.  I give it a 4/10.  E3 2012 was nowhere close to what this game is.  Ubishill should be ashamed of themselves.  I would pay $10 at most for this, too bad I had already bought into the hype from 2012 and ended up paying for the $80 season pass and deluxe edition.  uPlay sucks and for them to force it on us after them saying it is not required is bs.  What a disappointment."
,Recommended,243470,10271630,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,ZombiePyroNinja,"Well I think it's good8ish/10EDIT: Now that I have beaten it after like 40 hours or so, I am fully content with my purchase of this game. But as of right now I have lucked out and have not had any crashes, BSOD's or a bug involving a crash every time you reach the credits of the game (Friend of mine encountering this problem)."
76561198169050299,Recommended,243470,19422773,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,DeltaHuluBWK,Assassin's Creed mixed with any movie that has computer hacking. Fun to play and I like the reputation/notoriety meter.
,Recommended,243470,16969276,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,keetee,muy bueno 9.1/10
,Recommended,243470,20992916,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Alan Parsons,"Sadly:- Some issues with framerate.- Side missions get repetitive after you've done a few- Ubisoft DRM- Some derpy behaviour from pedestrians / drivers.However:- Combat is fun- Hacking is implemented nicely, in a way that changes your combat approach if you use it- Car chases / escapes kept me entertained- Cool setting- Online multiplayer integrated in an interesting wayI recommend it, especially if you don't care about all the release drama that went on"
76561198025321941,Recommended,243470,10266035,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,yibbys,Haven't been to the toilet for 3 days. 10/10
,Recommended,243470,11192947,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,[Lâz¥]Pârädøx,"Great game, but I wish there was a little bit more fleshed out freeplay.. It seems kind of bland at the moment."
76561198093911712,Recommended,243470,10266346,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Solmyr,It's fun to play. What else matters?
76561198054104002,Recommended,243470,10268242,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Kyskyskyskyskyskys,"first of all i had 0 problems with the game it runs on 60 fps everything on high no laggs.Now i just played through the game and it took me around 25 hours with some side/gang/crime missionsThe first third was pretty weak and i was really close to quitting the game because the gameplay its just simple and the story wasnt deep.but then i just kept playing and the game really got me hooked in.the characters got intresting the missions got intresting and i saw some really gorgeous places.after all the game isnt really a masterpiece but i enjoyed it especially the ability to choose how to solve a problem like sneak, hacking or just kill everything with your assault weapon.i rate 7/10 would buy :)i really hope ubisoft will fix the problems somepeopel have with the game since its atleast worth the price on pc"
,Recommended,243470,10279432,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,XUTEN,"It's not perfect. But it's damn good.Maybe I'm not picky enough, but I don't care if the reflections on every building are perfect or there is 1 or 2 clipping areas.It's fun. That's what really matters.It has a bit of everything, sandbox explorations, action shooter, puzzles, stealth, even really neat min games I didn’t expect, plus a really interesting approach on multiplayer. Quite unique.Not the best, but definitely not the worst either.I could use a patch with better optimization, but besides that, future alternative Chicago is cool.8.8/10"
,Recommended,243470,10268018,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,JakeLS4,Overall Watch_Dogs is an excellent game. The graphics are excellent on Nvidia hardware and the game runs smoothly with no crashes. I am very happy with my purchase.
,Not Recommended,243470,10329877,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,MrMofo,"STAY AWAY FROM THIS GAME.I really wish I would have read the countless down ratings on this... ok, well, they can probably be counted - but, I digress.I seriously wasted an entire day trying to get it to work - disabling  crossfire, disabling other monitors, changing every settings I can find for graphics and anything else I think might help -- every driver on my computer."
76561198041670444,Not Recommended,243470,10292785,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,ATaco,"Whenever I'm given the right to actually play this game by our ubisoft over♥♥♥♥♥, it crashes trying to do the most primary features of the game, Blackout. I expected that something they flaunted would be easily spported, but no, I'm not allowed to play the game I spent $80.Other then that great looking game and the gameplay's wonderful.When you can play it."
,Not Recommended,243470,10296713,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,tumanovsky,"Good image, good sound, good idea, bad engine optimization and too many things wrong for AAA product.2 x 680GTX SLI gives around 15fps with drops to 1-2fps.Very disappointed."
76561198054852666,Not Recommended,243470,10328555,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Slimdragoon,"Same old open world game as Grand Theft auto. Driving from one location to the next is half the game. Driving is poorly simulaed and boring.Stealth and gunplay is done better than GTO4. There is no melee combat. Hacking is a one button press to activate pipelines, doors, bridges oh my is it lame. I think they accidently deleted all the fun in the world. It seems dead, except a few people walking around that you may or may not hack with x button to randomly steal money from them... Lame! As a whole Id rate the game a 6 but if you just stick to the main questline and just pray you can beat it to be done with it fast....its rated a 6.5. They should have added melee combat and random gangs all over the city that chase you and or force you to fight. But no Its an open world with a very linear gameplay. Very disapointed in Naughty Dogs for making this half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥gameplay."
,Recommended,243470,23737603,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Floyd_Destroyer,Game is Under Rated. I had a good time with it
,Recommended,243470,26139573,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Perfidious,"Despite a lot of reviews I rather enjoy Watch_Dogs.The game runs well on my system and looks pretty great at 4k almost maxed out, the fps os a solid 60 only dropping to the mid 50's while driving. The only thing in the game that looks terrible is driving in first person mode, there was absolutely no time spent on the car interiors, but I drive 3rd person so it doesn't bother me.The sounds are pretty good, ambient and voice acting are stellar, where as the music is pretty blah. The radio in the cars is no comparison to the GTA series.The controls on the pc are pretty good, driving is a bit of a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ I have found the best way to drive is to not touch the mouse at all while controlling the cars, it is a little strange at first, but works so much better.I am only half way through the story and so far it has kept me interested, there are a lot of side missions to do and theyre actually quite well done. Hacking into another players game is a blast, whether it is just following them or hacking them it is an enjoyable experience.TL:DR pick it up on sale.System specs:i7 4790k2x gtx970 sli32gb ramwin 10"
,Recommended,243470,10277119,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Мистер Утя,"While the game iself is incredible (loads of side-missions, interesting gameplay-mechanics and many little features that made me stay in-game for almost 17 hours), Uplay is the only thing that makes me quit it and un-install the app at once. I haven't figured out the reasons it can't sync my saves from time to time or why it's constantly losing connection. I guess it's random which is even worse. Also it's badly optimized for AMD cards because I had to install beta-drivers that were released a day after watch_dog's release. I guess somebody at Ubi office shook hands with Nvidia on this one.+ Mechanics+ Big open-world with many side-mission that more interesting than main story+ Great visuals (don't look at console trailers, pc-version is very good-looking- uplay- bad optimizationThere is also region-lock for Russian Federation with restriction to russian-language only. It's bad but it can be fixed manually just by adding soundfiles from english version of the game.My advise: wait a little while before buying this game until Ubi fixes their crappy Uplay and will optimize this game for AMD-cards."
,Not Recommended,243470,11761413,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Shino,"In watch dogs you play as a melodramatic virgin with a hat. Basically this swagmaster tried to be cool but got caught with a marijuana a dude was like ""damn dude, I was I was as swag as this dude"" so he ordered a swag delivery boy to steal the swagmaster's swag, but the swag delivery boy accidently killed the swagmaster's niece. So it turned the swagmaster into a melodramtic virgin wth no friends. So you beat the hell out of people with a baton until nobody wants to be your friend.-420/10"
76561198045639969,Recommended,243470,13888377,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Nynir,"This game really does a good job connecting you with the characters. There are some characters that you really want to kill, and others that you can relate to, and feel bad for. Then there are others, that you want to kill, but then you realize why they did what they did, and it was because they did have to do what they did because if they didn't do what they did the people would do to them what they didn't do that they were told they should do. Did.Another plus is of course the fact that you get to run over people. 10/10. Would steal $400,000 from random civillians again."
76561198184230557,Recommended,243470,30094726,Posted: 21 February,all,Polo,good game
,Recommended,243470,16397172,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,skeeeter,i dont know why everyone is hates this game i found the story and gameplay fantastic
76561198048095818,Recommended,243470,10263844,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Job Center Josh,"Very fun and hard game with lots of things going on. Don't want to play a mission go around and do side mission, collect and more there is nothing you can't do in Watch Dogs."
,Not Recommended,243470,10261519,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,cocoloccomaya,"ai, driving controls, gameplay and etc.. this game is ugly and bad..5/10"
76561198159283416,Recommended,243470,30267112,Posted: 1 March,all,Cal0 (YYY),Watch dogs catch me after first moment after i start play dat. Ofc some problems with graphic part of the game shoud be solved but anyway great game and head character Aiden aswell
,Recommended,243470,19325981,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Prembil,"The problem is... That they put all hacking into the one button... I know, they maybe want to show that hacking is easy... But it crashed the whole gameplay... Wanna blow up something up, they're shooting at me... Quick... I pointed on that thing in ground or whatever... Yes... I'll hack camera and i'll watch, how they're shooting and killing me from above...Another thing is... Vehicles... It's funny how much unrelistic it is but... Change is life... I ....guess... (not really, it's horrible)That is not problem and it's funny... Especially for me then... But the weird side of this car mistery is... That you've just bumped to somebody and he get his car crashed... Tottaly destroyed...Story ? You will get the point... I don't like that online hacking much... It's boring... You just want to play missions and you have to catch some laggy guy... So i had to swicht it off after several attacks... Well... The story about it self is funny, there is also drama....I don't know... If they will make WD2.... I'll buy it anyway 'cause the idea is good... Hope they will fix the second side then...."
76561198036534292,Recommended,243470,33963304,Posted: 1 August,all,"Boris ""No-Bark"" Strugatsky","A good number of people have said bad things about Watchdogs, but I enjoy this game very much, despite that. With the Worse Mod, which restores the lighting and high resolution textures of the E3 demos, this game looks very good. It also maintains a steady framerate at ultra settings.The gameplay is similar to the newer Deus Ex games, albeit dumbed down. The game encourages a player to tackle each scenario from many angles and with many options. I found myself playing one of the gang hideout side missions for 40 minutes, because the parking garage it was located in had three different means of entry and so many differing ways to accomplish my goal. The side missions, albeit quite similar to the checklist type ones seen in Assassins Creed and Far Cry, are fun if you enjoyed them in those series. Driving is definitely the worst aspect of this game, it has some of the worst vehicle handling and physics I've ever seen in a game.This game has a good story, in my opinion. It is very dark and gritty, the characters are fleshed out (especially if you take the time to collect audio logs) and interesting, and the missions are fun. The game, similarly to Deus Ex, also has a very fleshed out setting. Through world building dialogue and events, the player really gets a sense of the hyper-surveiled Chicago setting.Overall, I would reccomend this game, but make sure to install the worse mod for graphical fixes."
,Not Recommended,243470,11317023,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,DMentMan,"its not what i expected, not what anyone expected really, not worth the money."
76561197982035439,Recommended,243470,17748429,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Superbee,Fun open world game similar to the GTA games but with hacking (sort of). I never got caught up in the pre release hype so I wasnt disapointed like so many other reviewers (although I understand their concerns) I just had alot of fun playing the game.
,Recommended,243470,24327021,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,yllianos,I thought this was a pretty okay game. Played this to get ready for Watch_Dogs 2.
,Not Recommended,243470,14836197,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,||-Nihi-||,"This game is not very hard to point out it's never ending pile of flaws and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Yeh, you remember E3? Well ♥♥♥♥ you because this is just a deluted, boring, repetitive pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥ This is one of those games that should have been sold for a max of 30 dollars.Your going to look at my hours and be like ""Yo, why the negative review you got 190+ hours. Well about that im pretty sure the game was so boring I went to get a cup of tea and forgot it was running when I got back and I let it run for a few days. Tl;Dr: Don't buy this game unless it's on sale! (Sorry about bad writing and grammar, i'm a lazy typer).Edit:Don't forget even after months of release the game barely runs on high end hardware and the stuttering issues! Also be sure not to forget how bad and boring the multiplayer is along with Uplay being a thing and half the time the damn program doesn't work XD!"
76561198293362897,Recommended,243470,28787446,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,GV7,"blaa blaa blaa ""this games is so bad optimized...sucks...""For me, this games is the best game in the Steam.This game is so fun that I have already played 3x from start to end.- Amazing graphics- History- Open world- Mechanics of the game between the NPCs- MusicAnd much more...If you think buy it, the go ahead..."
76561198004432452,Recommended,243470,11423141,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,noodleinacan,If you like Grand Theft Auto  This Game is for you!!!The Police Chases I find are more fun on this game because you can actually hide from the police
76561198041928745,Not Recommended,243470,10275381,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,All Lives Matter,"AMD 7950 - Intel 3770K i7 - 8GB G.Skill RAM - SSD - Win 7 64 (CLEAN INSTALL)First. Let me say I really, REALLY wanted to like this game!   Like most others, I was counting down the days until the games release.  Once released, I couldn't play due to Ubisoft's  poor server identification/logon managment.  If I was lucky enough to play, I would fall though the world at random times or jump over an obstacle only to never land on the other side.  Textures will drop out or fade into one another, creating a shoddy impressionistic painting effect.  More often than not, the game would crash due to low memory, I guess 8GB is not enough?  There are so many graphical glitches and charcters disappearing, not to mention, your charachter will down right vanish, in the games current state, It is unplayable; a stutterfest.I hate to compare a game to another,  but this game remindes me of a stale versions of grand theft auto, where the cities NPC are broken, and with the texture issues, you can watch them change race before your eyes, morphing from black to white and halfway inbetween.The save system is Seriously flawed, I'll get the same phone calls from previous missions, randomly thoughout the game.  This game could've, should've been more!  I feel like I was given an unfinshed, glitchy, stuttery beta.  But hey, that seems to be the norm today, right?"
76561198036151398,Recommended,243470,10258924,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Bassy,It's sad to see how many people are having problems with this game.....I guess because of my set up Im lucky able to play on high graphics and havent crashed once. Uplay hasent messed up my fun either. I wish they would have launched it better because I'm having loads of fun in it.....but not many to share it with :( I recommend this game to anyone who has a Geforce GTX 660 Ti and 8g's of ram. Others should wait until Ubisoft fixes there ♥♥♥♥up......
,Recommended,243470,10260019,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,{*PsYcHo*} Derodric,"I havn't experienced any problems with the game or Uplay thus far. People seem to be reviewing Uplay more than the game, but that is not what I am here to do. Granted I am not that far into the game yet, but from what I have experienced, it looks like it is going to be fun. I have both Nvidia and AMD components for a rather cheap computer and have been playing on full graphics with no lag. Though, I must stress that the driving system in the game isn't very good. I was expecting a more GTA style of driving, but it really isn't. It's hard to drive down the street and not end up in some guy's backyard. (I have tried it with both Mouse/Keyboard and Xbox 360 Controller). All in all. Solid game that has a lot of potential with an interesting story thus far and interesting characters. The game falls short in the driving aspect; however, with practice, I am sure one can learn to not crash...  that badly.."
,Recommended,243470,10267182,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,MℜSqƱifler®™,"Watch_DogsThis review is subjective and entirely my own opinion, feel free to agree or disagree with it.This game is brilliant despite some bugs and a very serious issue with framerate. This game has been out for two years now and sadly Ubisoft has done very little in the way of fixing these issues, which is very disappointing because this game has serious potential. But this has been Ubisoft's way for years, while I enjoy their games they always seem to be hit-and-miss on the PC versions.This game features a rather wide variety of things to do, the single player alone has kept me entertained for 200+ hours (I have played it on 2 systems) and the multiplayer, while likely underpopulated now still offers hours of fun gameplay.ProsDespite what many say I believe this game has fantastic graphics.Enjoyable gameplay.Fantastic shooting mechanics.Character movement is brilliant and the free-running aspect was very fluid.Aiden Pierce is actually a great character, despite what some may say I find him to be one of the more interesting video game characters.Interesting story.The city of Chicago feels alive and real, it's very easy to immerse yourself in this world.Great stealth mechanics.Varied gameplay with plenty of side missions.Interesting characters.ConsDriving mechanics are terrible.Framerate issues still persist after 2 years.Police and the CtoS scans are incredibly annoying and make almost no sense.This may be a pro or con depending on what type of gamer you are but there are a lot of collectables in this game, which is typical for a Ubisoft game and many of them are not typically enjoyable.SummaryWatch_Dogs is a mixed bag, it has great potential and could easily be a fantastic game, but a few things let it down and unlike most games, these things are a real detriment to the overall quality of the game. I'd definitely recommend this game, but only get it on sale, do not pay full price for this game."
,Recommended,243470,29708890,Posted: 4 February,all,6Four9,"after 2 years i played this game , and after i play Watch Dogs 2 i can review this game is still bad , the graphic and other thing is great , but the optimazion is really poor , 7/10 for this game i actaully 50% recommend this game , because why ? because i really disappointed cause bought this game with Deluxe version :(so sadbut still because this game is standalone with ""Hack"" thing i still recomend this (50%)"
,Not Recommended,243470,24072607,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,jeepracer98,"All the mechanics are terrible, but the hacking which is the biggest part is actually pretty well done.  Everything else is rough though, the driving is especially bad, it just feels bad.  I'd say get it when it becomes $5 or something"
76561198034369896,Not Recommended,243470,11933199,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Minho A7,"ubisoft is a company that lost its focus.a year ago i could remember them for AC. AC brotherhood and everything up was pretty decend.but it went bad at AC3. the game was crap. people did not like the setting and the storyafter this they wanted to give us a quality game. namely AC BLACK FLAG. however it was made for consoles and not for PC. The game lacked in optimisation and they never really did anything about it. I do however remember a blog in wich Sylvain Trottier(associate producer) said. ""If it doesn't run on your PC, then you put a bigger GPU"" and later they pretty much screwed every gaming computer that uses AMD with this ""We are very proud of the PC version of Assassin’s Creed IV Black Flag. The game runs well on low-end PC’s and lots of additional features were added for higher-end machines, allowing each and every customer to fully enjoy the experience on their PCs. Our partnership with Nvidia that saw our respective engineering teams work together to develop a highly optimised PC version also demonstrates our commitment to the platform. On top of this, additional features were implemented such as: keyboard and mouse optimized control, three screen support, higher resolution support including 4K support, unique effects and technologies, including NVIDIA HBAO+ (occlusion), NVIDIA PCSS, NVIDIA TXAA and NVIDIA GPU-accelerated PhysX in an upcoming patch.""the next ""big title"" was this game. WATCH_DOGS.oh boy... they lied to us again...they developed a mod called ""E3 MOD""it ENHANCES the game. however the end product will be a reduced version of it. causing all sorts of PFS stutters and performance issues. untill someone from the gaming community noticed it and simply turned it back on. now know as ""watch dogs theworse mod""i would recommend no one to ever buy a ubisoft game again untill they are the company they used to be.tl;drthe game is a bunch of lies and does not work the way it should, its not even the way it was showcased and promised to us. they just want your money"
,Recommended,243470,10372246,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Gatsu,"+ Pretty good open world game.+ You have many ways to approach mission targets.+ Good amount of stealth gameplay.+ You can hack different things around the city and use against enemies.+ Will teach you how to become a pro hacker.+ A lot of extra side missions/collectibles.- Main character and story are pretty boring.- Has some traditional Ubisoft tailing missions.- No usable flying vehicles or car customizations.- There are some bugs, which Ubisoft will hopefully fix someday."
76561198070037738,Not Recommended,243470,11177827,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,masmost2000,Did not live up to the hype. After 8 hours I found myself bored and out of things to do. The story is extremely dull and the most fun I had was uninstalling this glitchy mess. Overall a waste of 60 bucks.3/10 DO NOT BUY!EDIT:I just launched it and played it for a few minutes and suprisingly.......ITS STILL BAD!
76561198080771505,Not Recommended,243470,23622612,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,ShadowFox,not even worth 5$ ubisoft blow their load
,Not Recommended,243470,10403278,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Archi,"Very buggy at this moment, cannot recommend until graphics issues are resolved. Play Assassin's Creed 4 or GTA IV instead."
,Recommended,243470,15244881,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Pivid Vink,"Watch_Dogs is nowhere near as bad of a game as many of these reviews will lead you to believe; yes, the PR disaster at release was horrible, however the companies' practives should not have an effect on the game's own merits.Watch_dogs is a fun entry to a new take on open-world games; it's definitely worth a $40 dollar price tag, specially if your goal is to have fun in single player, enjoying an interesting narrative albeit with a bland protagnist. The true gem here is the game's hacking mechanics and NPC profiling which will keep you entertained for hours on end."
76561198021403416,Recommended,243470,10263976,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,ROBDBANK,"great game , runs great on ultra with 7970"
,Recommended,243470,12178262,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,danmillered,Watch_Dogs is a bit like Marmite. You love it or you hate it.
,Recommended,243470,10389813,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,RvB Caboose,"I'll probably get flogged for saying this, but I had absolutely no issues from day 1. I saw another guy with a 780Ti running 30fps standing still, well I get a solid 70 at all times. Story was ok, evironment was ok, hacking gets repetitive as well as environment and the things you can manipulate. That said I had a lot of fun with this title and give it a 8/10.Full review here:http://fg-2.com/2014/06/06/review-watch_dogs/"
,Recommended,243470,10341779,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,blyat,"A delightful open-world playground with terrific graphics, lots of activities and brilliant hacking gameplay. Poor plotting and the lack of a more courageous treatment of its up-to-date scenario keeps Watch Dogs from playing in the same league as Rockstar's masterpieces.9/10"
76561197998155459,Not Recommended,243470,12754707,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,crispyKritter,"♥♥♥♥♥♥ cut scenes, 10 minute intro you can't skip it, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t uplay account required.  2/10 would not play."
,Recommended,243470,10479797,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,☭YodaJames☭ (Kunde),"This game is an in-depth story of person known to us as the character 'Kolijba'. It is based within this character he is one of the first decents of man, he main objective is to hunt the Dogs to the brink of extinction. But first Kolijba must learn how the dogs work amongst there own society, he must become a Dog to watch. That is why I rate this game a 7/10 6 pixel graphics add a nice feel but does lead to some disappointment during the cut scenes and the soundtrack was amazing but didn't round it off for me. Well I hope this help, request more reviews atiama♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥@bigpond.com.au"
,Recommended,243470,10259774,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Nihlus,"If this game had come out in 2013 i would say it was the best game of 2013. This game is beautiful. The only downside I could see is the hardware. If you dont have a good gaming computer, get this game on console, its worth it.Edit: Don't get on pc if you use majority AMD tech. Ubisoft got paid off by Nvidia (I use nvidia, so this isnt from personal expirience).Edit 2: I only have 3 hours on steam, but i played a cracked version before it came out. I have close to 20 hours (give or take) on the cracked version. Great game, get it."
,Not Recommended,243470,27670273,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Joker Dan,"The game is very much a one-trip-pony that gets boring really fast. Ubi$oft failed to deliver on a number of things they originally promised within the game pre-launch.Comabt is clunky, driving mechanics are poor, the hacking is, lets face it, a gimmick. The only redeeming factor is that there is some kind of story but even that is mediocre at best. Poor effor."
76561198044505240,Not Recommended,243470,31027278,Posted: 8 April,all,M3g4m4n,GTA-esque world. Hacking fairly fun but quite repeating content. Options not getting saved and the auto aim cant be turned off.
,Recommended,243470,13933846,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Ҝ ʀ ʏ ғ ғ ɪ ɴ,"A GTA like, but with a better story!"
,Not Recommended,243470,10524847,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Timmeh,"Worst optimisation of any PC game I have ever played, I should have bought it for PS3."
,Recommended,243470,12105580,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Catholicism: Revengeance,I launched the game and it crashed.UdisappointSoft.
,Recommended,243470,13872274,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Lord Spy™,"Excellent game, you haven't had fun until you played watch dogs.Day one: LAME NEVER PLAY THIS GAME AGAIN LAGGY ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Day two: BEST GAME EVER PLOX!"
,Not Recommended,243470,11482065,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,🎃Spooky Shy Guy🎃,I Cant Even play the game without it crashing so much and It made me go through an account i know I will never use.
,Recommended,243470,10642713,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,[κρά]Goose,"After completing the game, this is an excellent game, could not get enough of it! but now I have completed the campaign I feel the multiplayer lets this game down severly as you can either free roam, Race, Tail someone in a restricted area, 1v1 hacking which is good but yet it is in a restricted area again.An overall rating for this game would be 6/10Singleplayer: 9/10Multiplayer: 4/10I would highly reccomend buying this game for the single player but not multiplayer!"
,Not Recommended,243470,10277985,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,[F|H]Stronkie,"Well , Let me just say this first. I was looking forward for this game. I watched the E3 trailer and I thought yes this is it. Then it went quiet for a long time. I thought it might have been canceld. Then they announced that they postpone their release and they release a video why they did that. I was ok and happy they decided to sort out the bugs and gameplay.Then beginning this year I saw new footage popping up.. In many fora people were complaining. UBISOFT what have you done with the graphics. Yes they indeed looked worse now. Even the two video's played on the store page of steam are much better in quality. I thought and said. Well ok. It is ok.. They game will still rock on PC.27 may is almost there. Illigal copy enters the scene. People are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥about the way the games looks / feels and plays on the PC. Ah well .. People said.. must the cause the pirated copy is somehow screwed.Then 27-05-2014.. Me (stronkie) being happy finally play time.. I could indeed preload the game on the 26th.. but I had to delete the preload due the fact I had no space on C.Installed the game and I start playing with it. No bugs, hickups and or other game breaking things.. I was eager to play. Kept on playing for hours.. Then in the evening.. UPLAY service began to crumble.. No more connections possible.. But that did not stop me from playing.. I kept on playing the single player.. Then it hit me.. and I began to look at the game itself..For me the hype was over. I landed with both feet on the ground and looked at the game with an total different perspective. I began to notice tha bad graphics , the lack of good schadows , good reflections . Even the gameplay started to become repitive to me. And I went to bed .This morning I woke up.. and the game , for me , was not interesting enough to even start up. I am halfway act II. And now looking back at all the things they promised me.. The game lacks a lot of things. So I have to agree with all the bad reviews here.. This is not the game being promised.. this is  just one of many.. The hacking is boring. They style how you play it , is more like a bad GTA clone.I hate to say this , but I am not happy that I bought the pre order of the Deluxe Edition.Maybe they can streamline it better  , make it better playable.. But for me is the fun over. I do not even have the urge anymore to start the game. I went back to Landmark and other games.Sorry UbiSoft , I will wait until the next of your games are long long out.. before I would buy any game of you."
,Not Recommended,243470,14990068,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Vendrick Wamar,Would buy again
,Not Recommended,243470,11440405,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,i like ur pants,So highly dissapointed as I bought into the Hype of Watch Dogs. I had big hopes for this game but was a major let down. Oh wellz. Money down the drain -_-
,Recommended,243470,10279566,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,more like bore-hammer,"No clue what on Earth people are talking about. Quit whining about uPlay and play the game. Sorry you have to click extra buttons. Regarding the game itself, though, it's absolutely incredible. Story is solid so far, gameplay is smooth, and the multiplayer is boss. It's amazing just how much there is in the game besides the story line. I have around 15 hours so far and haven't even finished the first act. With gang hideouts, random crimes, and criminal convoys, along with challenges, unlocks, and a ton of other stuff, there is just too much to talk about in one review. Overall I would have to give this game at least a 9/10, maybe a 10/10 if the story proves to be good.TL;DR - The game's great. Don't listen to people who whine about uPlay and play it. Seriously, it's gud."
,Recommended,243470,23494357,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Sundia❄,"This is my favourite game (so far)!Basics : You, the player, are a hacker. Using ctOS.Pros :-Reputation-Digital trips (Madness, Alone, Psychedelic, Spider-Tank)-Poker (with cheats)-Shell game (that I did 30 attempts and failed every third attempt)-Digital games (NVZN and Cash Run)-Chess, classic-Save people-Much moreCons : Controls died on me once, that was not fun, not one bit.DLC's :-Watch Dogs: Bad Blood (second story/singleplayer mode)-Conspiracy! (an extra digital trip)-Access Granted Pack (Unlocks a new outfit and perk for every mission you do)Pro Tip : If your planning to get all DLC's, get the Season Pass for 20-25% off.[Beware of the sequel coming out November 15, 2016. :D]"
76561198024922437,Recommended,243470,14233107,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Santa,"This is a hard game to recommend but since Steam is either Yes or No, I'll say Yes with some caveats.After buying the game at release but giving up time and time again because of bugs, I gave it another chance in December and things seem to work pretty good now.I did finish the main game, and also the DLC playing as the other character.  I tried to finish as much of the ""filler"" side quest stuff too, but man there was a lot of really not fun stuff they dreamed up.  Anything to do with the driving or trying to escape the police I just hated.  (tip - swim/boat away) Also I did not like the missions where you had to only injure one guy in the sector.  The virtual reality stuff, even the DLC one, was meh, except for the spider tank one - which got old after a few tries.  There seemed to be a lot of online stuff available, but the only one I could ever figure out was the hacking invasion one - that was pretty cool, but the rest seemed uninteresting.  The whole game just seemed like it was put together by too many different teams and committees and had so much stuff that was a waste and not enough good/fun stuff that made the story interesting.One admission - I both live and work in Downtown Chicago, and yes while it's not an exact reproduction, they did a pretty good job at capturing some of the look and sounds of the city.One of the main drawbacks was the voice-acting of the main character - I hated it!  The whiny nasal sound reciting stupid dialog was terrible!  What were they thinking???  Also the usual Ubisoft thing of hiring obviously french/canadian voice actors trying to talk ""American"" was jarring sometimes.  Couldn't they hire more than the ONE Chicago guy I kept hearing over and over again in the background???So in summary, yes it's worth checking out if you find it one sale but set your expectations low.  (PS: I know it says I played it 94 hours but I think that is a disconnect between STEAM and UPLAY - I had the game paused for hours sometimes and it must of counted that time too)"
,Not Recommended,243470,33478135,Posted: 12 July,all,Kismet,"I bought the complete edition when it was on sale and I have completed the main game, the Bad Blood DLC and most of the other DLC.Visually and aesthetically, it's good. The open world is gorgeous and feels huge. I really want to love this game but I can't because the driving is terrible. The driving is the biggest letdown.I can accept that maybe personally I am just terrible at driving games but looking at other reviews, I see it's not just me. It can be a thrill to speed down highways on a motorcycle but otherwise, vehicle handling is horrible. It can be like you're driving on a frozen lake and all your tyres have been replaced with roller skates. When driving is such a core part of the game, it's a shame that it's so bad.I've skipped a lot of the driving related side missions, which in the main game is basically all the Fixer missions. I can just about do most Criminal Convoy, Getaway and Interception missions but missions like Decoy and Transporter that are against the clock are impossible for me.Is it weird that I liked the Bad Blood DLC more than the main game? Unless I'm playing a game purely for the story, I'll be playing it like a puzzle to be solved. I really liked Bad Blood because I got to play it stealthy, using T-Bone's R/C car.I guess the good thing about playing Watch_Dogs when it's already been out for three years is that all the technical bugs have been fixed, even if gameplay issues like the driving haven't been. Apparently the game had issues on AMD systems but I haven't noticed any issues. Uplay was apparently an issue on Day 1 but three years later, no problem.I hear that the driving has not improved in Watch_Dogs 2 so it doesn't look like I'll be buying that."
,Not Recommended,243470,12717517,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Kanye West at his Kanye Best,Never buying a Ubishit game again
,Recommended,243470,10258150,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,slow cooker recipes from 1922,"I feel a bit bad for ubisoft, as a fan of their games on several platforms from years ago. I hate to see all the negative reviews as well, but I can't do anything but agree. I am trying to like the game, and I appreciate the story so far, but as a user with AMD cards, I am very disappointed with the news.First few minutes the game crashes because of low memory while my RAM is at 30%, then I get a bunch of other errors that seemingly fixed themselves. I had to lower all my settings to low to then get mentally abused by low framerates. Ubisoft deserves these bad reviews. It's like they didn't debug the game before release. Driving is horrible."
,Not Recommended,243470,21042193,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,InfectedOzone,"Technically my review is both good and bad. Yes, I recommend the game itself. NO I do not recommend it on PC. The game is poorly optimized and literally freezes for 5 seconds every 10 seconds or so. It's aggravating and a complete waste of time. If you do buy the game, buy it for console. You'll actually be able to enjoy the thing."
,Recommended,243470,22731946,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Vinyoli,"It's a great game. People started to hate on him because of the visual downgrade and Ubisoft's excessive marketing. But don't worry, you'll have a lot of fun with this game."
,Not Recommended,243470,16388670,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Whome,buying 25 toasts is better than buying 1 ubisoft game
76561198055819674,Not Recommended,243470,12707177,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,HAM-DAWG,meh
,Recommended,243470,13158542,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,NecroTed,Stalking Simulator 2014
,Not Recommended,243470,24871135,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Retro Mad Scientist,"I regretted pre-ordering Watch_Dogs. It isn't a bad game per say, but it wasn't really worth the price tag. If you can get it for under $20, I would say it's worth buying."
,Recommended,243470,10274140,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,PoXeW,Amezing!!!
76561198057477985,Recommended,243470,11289501,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,私はこのゲームをするのがへたいです,"I love this game! its so much fun, and the free roam is just amazing. dispite what others say about it, it's still an awesome game."
,Not Recommended,243470,23483987,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Fujiwara Tofu Profile,"If you think that driving in GTAV is the worst thing that you can do. Try driving in this game. Andd... Boring, but goo-, nah. BORING"
76561198064646942,Not Recommended,243470,19975952,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,IDK LOL,"I originally hated watch_dogs for it's poor optimisation. Now I hate it for it's poor everything else. Watch_dogs is a game that wants to be a movie. That's quite blatant. It's very story-heavy and to it's defence; the story missions do link togethjer quite seemlessly, however this means that I didn't complete much side-game content. I only tore myself away fron the story once to play some of the minigames available, then I tore myself away from them to grind my legs into lasagne.The main character sounds like he swallowed a cheese grater. His voice is all grumbly and mumbly and I'd be lost if I didn't put subtitles on. But fortunately for watch_dogs, I keep subtitles on all the time. Aiden's motivation Isn't even that strong. He involves himself in a life of crime, he is targeted by an assasin which leads to the death of his neice so Aiden just continues to indulge in crime. I mean serioulsy, his neice? A daughter or wife I could get, but Aiden kills so many people because of it that I just stopped sympathising. The game attempts to bring this up, but then just drops it like a cheating girlfriend. Aiden has the durability of a housefly in combat, which could be understandable because the game has a pretty strong stealth system, albeit annoying cover, but you're frequently flung into firefights with long in-game cutscenes between them. One particular incident was during a boss fight, where I assume you were supposed to blow the guy up, but the hacking system kept switching targets while I had the button pressed and I kept blowing myself up!"
,Recommended,243470,13874933,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,[FP] Dr. McKay,"Although Uplay does indeed suck, I've found myself surprised with how much fun I've been having with this game. It's pretty generic as far as open-world sandbox games go, but the hacking mechanics (which are about as realistic as CSI, but they're still fun anyway) make for a really fun addition.The dialogue is bland and outright boring, but the story is somewhat decent and it's really just fun to blow up pursuing cars by raising bollards in front of them."
,Recommended,243470,10258771,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,adamaust,"Cracking game, and I really recommend it if you are a fan of self harm and tortu- sorry, I meant using uPlay."
76561198041253398,Recommended,243470,10258324,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Jeremiah Gottwald,"Dang. It told me I couldn't run it cause my good ol' nVidia GTS 450 couldn't handle it. Game runs like a charm on medium. Having tons of fun hacking anyone with a bank account open on their phone. Controls are kinda funky at first, but you get used to them.Electronic billboards say funny things. 9/10"
,Recommended,243470,10258473,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Tilup,"I'll give a REAL reveiw of this game, that isn't just a message saying UPLAY,NOT. (Ignore my hours, I have almost 12 additional hours clocked in because I had to play the game in off-line node for a bit because UPLAY wasn't connecting).Okay. So I wanted to go into Watch Dogs knowing nothing about it, because I liked the idea, so I stayed well away from the hype. I never looked at a video for it, nothing. All I knew was it was a modern sandbox game, with semi-rpg elements, and it had hacking.So Here is what is good about the game-TThe_Storys™: it feels very contemperary and like it can only be told either today, or within the next 3-4 years. I do not see myself seeing this story as relevant beyond then, which I am okay with, the game is self-aware of its setting, and doesn't push its bounderies too much in that regard. The Characters are interesting in the fact that they don't really talk much about them so you can kind of adlib what their hobbies must by or maybe what type of ice cream they like. But you still get the total sense that THIS MAN IS SERIOUS and THIS GIRL IS SERIOUS BUT LIKES A GOOD JOKE and THIS GUY IS A♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and THIS GUY IS OBVIOUSLY BRITISH BECAUSE HE HAS BAD TEETH.-TThe_Sidewalks™: Walking feels like you're actually walking, because its slow, tedious, and is there for you to get to your next car. It's a sandbox game, so that is fine. You have unlimited sprint which is nice, as well as your hold space bar to do the whole free-running thing, but it has its limits. It has more ground in reality in the fact that you are more likely to take more time jumping the fence, than you would just running an extra two feet through the gate. Overall, most of your time spent walking will be because you're stealing money from bank accounts, tracking people down like you're ♥♥♥♥ing BATMAN or invading peoples person lives and space.-TThe_Streets™: Driving feels like you have a car, ontop of a car, ontop of a giant go-cart. The Driving is difficult to pick up, and very difficult or master, however, it's not bad. I suggest to avoid cars and just ride a motorcycle like you're BATMAN and your Batmobile was hit by an RPG. Your hitbox for the cars and huge and the physics are laughable, however I don't mean that in a bad way. I mean that in a ""It's very forgiving and its very fun"" way. Did you hit a car going 110 MPH on in your sports car? No problem, Newton be damned, your car will stop and the other car will go flying farther than a ♥♥♥♥ing paper foot-ball being aimed at a girls cleavage in highschool.-TThe_Gunplays™: Basically, shooting guns is easy. You point the gun, bullets come out, things die. This game goes a little crazy with recoil, but if it didn't you'd have no reason to upgade your weapons, so I'm okay with it. I think it is an OK philosophy to give you ♥♥♥♥♥♥ gear early on as long as there is eventually better-gear down the road.-TThe_Multiplayers™: It's fun. It reminds me a lot of Dark Souls, which I have a lot of time spent on. It's a good combination of Tag, Hide and Seek, and Kill the Carrier, in that order. It is a lot of fun, and by far the shining point of the game. It does at the moment take a while to find someone, I think honestly, Ubisoft should merge the console servers with the PC servers so that all three genders can play the game together without having to wait forever to find someone.-OOther_Thoughts™: Yeah, Uplay sucks, however Watch_Dogs™ is a very good game, in the definition of a game. It's nothing spectacular, it's not thought provoking like BioShock Infinite, or a thrill ride like BioShock Infinite, or as pretty looking as BioShock Infinite, but if you want a sandbox game for PC that takes itself seriously, and still waiting on that GTA5 port to PC, well, you may as well pick this game up."
,Recommended,243470,29697453,Posted: 4 February,all,Earthhtrae,old but still very satisfy to play
,Recommended,243470,23469469,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,mass coonery,"Constant frame drops, but still a fun game. Recommend picking it up when it is on sale"
76561198305125101,Not Recommended,243470,28155828,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,garethphilpott,"Great concept, ruined by some terrible game mechanics.Poor driving and combat really make the game drag.The hacking side however, while a little corny, is tons of fun and just gets better as you level."
76561198312758472,Recommended,243470,30214285,Posted: 26 February,all,✪DizzasterZ,THIS GAME IS AMAZING
76561198258202968,Not Recommended,243470,23485710,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,ctleong227,bought it on sale. regret it. dont buy it even it's on sale.
,Not Recommended,243470,11605451,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Kelsoren,"On PC the port is broken. awful frames and graphical issues, unplayable"
,Not Recommended,243470,12711662,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,WineAndPizza,"For people who doesnt have good computer... I do not recommand. This game is designed to play on platform of PS4/3,XBOX ONE/360. If you do not have good computer, then don't buy it. Also, they do not make any patch like GTA 5 does.Game itself is awesome. It feels more like assassin's creed and GTA combined."
76561198087006644,Not Recommended,243470,12699003,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,marster13,its the most lagest game i have ever played  and is badly octimize plus the graphics have been downgrade
,Not Recommended,243470,12699937,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,DarkSpaceCEO,Buying this game first day was a horrific experience that i don't think i will ever manage to forget in the forseable future. This game on launch was terribly optimized and framerates on even the best GPU's were in the 30's FPS; not to mention most of the graphical assets that were revealed at E3 several years prior were utterly torn out of the game entirely. What we are left with is a great concept that was soiled by developers rushing a game and a expensive product with the integrity of a wet paper bag. Thanks Ubisoft. NEVER AGAIN
76561198018253138,Not Recommended,243470,10469533,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,:),Most dissapointing game of 2014
76561198080036329,Not Recommended,243470,10252674,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,FragShip,"Installed this game on 2 different PCs but both are crashing. I reinstalled the game after downloading all the data a new and ... again it crashes after logging in into that ""ubisoft""-uplay thing. Most of the times it is not even possible to login into the uplay-network. The game is (for now) not worth a cent because I haven't seen anything that would be worth anything from that so called ""blockbuster"". Typically Ubisoft - don't realy like this publisher ..."
76561198014145401,Not Recommended,243470,10254694,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,stefan,"My initial review on the day of release was this:Currently I am unable to play because of uplay so my review stands at this ""uplay sucks balls don't buy this crap""But once uplay got its♥♥♥♥♥♥together and i played the game my reivew now stands at ""this game is average and certainly didn't live up to the hype."""
,Not Recommended,243470,10251455,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Dronez,"Spent 9 hours playing, come on today and my save is lost. Uplay can go ♥♥♥♥ itself"
,Not Recommended,243470,10320854,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,aXises,this♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,243470,22022761,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Stillness guy,Good gameplay and concept... so many more to do but so repeat too.If this game have more of hacker and shooter tricks to do and upgrade this game will beat GTA(for my list)but It's not.feel too bad for this game but still a good game to play.. just hope for more tricks
,Recommended,243470,23462415,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,bruh,"Can I give this game a 'meh' rather than yes or no?I don't think all the hate is deserved, but this game certainly shows its flaws. Despite that, I did have a lot of fun playing it, so maybe pick it up if it's on sale."
,Not Recommended,243470,23719622,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Munmen,"You have 25 guns and you're not allowed to shoot anyone but everyone is allowed to shoot youALRIGHTY THENFailing Missions because you have to do non-lethal takedown of targets. There are no cameras in the area so you can't find your target unless they're in close range so you accidentally shoot them. They run away and there are no cars around so they escape. You're trying to have fun so you switch up your weapons/gadgets but the heavy kills you with a long range shotgun before you can fight.The story has more fallacies than a five year old's lie. Aiden loves to murder people; he has no conscience nor qualms about hurting people if it salves his own sense of accomplishment. He hears the tapes of his would-be assassin and shows no empathy. He plays along with the hacker who betrayed him when there are very many more efficient ways to deal with him. Aiden Pearce's idea of caring is to annihilate everyone who even dares to look at his nephew Jacks. If that isn't a sign of psychosis then I don't know what is.Gameplay-wise is the biggest flop. The mission parameters often force you to go into heavily guarded areas without killing anyone. Shooting and moving are fairly straightforward, although most firefights are from cover because this man has a glass jaw. That being said, combat is far too complicated and really has no synergy. You can hack, which manipulates objects and overrides cameras for surveillance. You can use gadgets, which mostly cause mayhem and will likely spook your target or alert the enemy who then add more defences. You could use one of your many guns, but then you accidentally shoot your target and fail the mission. Seriously, why are we still pretending that leaving one person alive and fifty people dead makes a difference?The cars all have speed muzzles.You'll probably just use Jam Coms, the Grenade Launcher, the Destroyer, the 1911 Silenced, and the ACR exclusively.I've never had less fun playing a game than thisCool concept of futuristic city, poor character development, terrible level design. If you bought this, get a refund.TLDR: 5/10 story   6/10 gameplay    7/10 graphics but 3/10 for disgusting facesPS If you can't find a ctOS data box, use a guide. You'll probably never find it yourself because they were hidden by a maniac."
76561198044266460,Not Recommended,243470,16374199,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Tote,I can't start a game because it crashes when i try to load a new game.
,Not Recommended,243470,16303066,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,[C]at-capturer,Pro:Nice driving environment.Con:BORING OPENWORLD EVER!!Noob story.P.S. I bought this game at around 50 dollar. Now it's about 30 dollar in my country.
,Not Recommended,243470,16372593,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Kommando,"It had a lot of potential but really fails to make you care about the characters, about the only feelings I had for the protagonist <insert name here> was when I came across the bundle of flowers by the road signifying where his child died. It was sad, but didn't draw me more into the story.When I played near release the game mercilessly punished me for getting into a car, the game is pretty, but poorly optimised. Even at low quality settings, running around on foot would have no issues but the rapid scenery changes of driving would grind my gaming system to the point where driving was a mixture of luck and input lag. Not great for an open world game.It also requires the terrible Ubisoft Play Steam-like DRM and content delivery thing. Which is cumbersome and and a turn off.Positives, its very pretty. And the interaction with the Internet of Things made for some challanging puzzles. The QR code scavanger hunt was inventive and the AR games give a peek into our smartphone dominated future.This game is a bundle of great ideas and setpieces, eye opening concepts as to what it will be like to live 10 years from now and the issues we'll face with privacy, data monoliths and the pervasive internet. As a story, meh. I've read better sci-fi, the reading list at the back of Eclipse Phase will point you to many.As a game.  Eh... I would have been rewarded to wait.  This will be my last preorder.And now I will load it up again to see if anything has changed."
76561198040963835,Not Recommended,243470,12558937,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,seanr8,"Boring game. Was glitchy when I played it. Graphics would simply stop on my GTX770 when driving for half a second or so. Driving is more like boating. I only have 18hrs in it because I got bored one time, put it on pause, then went to work and had more fun there than playing this game."
76561198032374691,Not Recommended,243470,12719475,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,MadeULook,"See those 63 hours up there? Yes the 63 hours I spent after losing all my save data. TWICE. Now let's actually talk about this shall we?Watch Dogs is a game about hacking. No, it's a game about controlling the world's biggest ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ using the world's most OP phone to hack traffic lights just to cause large traffic accidents because it's funny. Traffic in Chicago must be a total ♥♥♥♥♥. Seriously though, Adien is probably one of the biggest jerks I've ever played in a game that already suffers from poor narrative structure, disappointing graphics, so-so gameplay, and to top it off Watch Dogs is one of the most over hyped games I've ever played. Oh, the PC port is absolute crap too. Did I mention that?You start Watch Dogs as Adien Pearce who has a massive sister complex, okay not really but he might as well. He is traumatized by the death of his niece and thought it was a great career choice to drop everything in his life and become a vigilante because he wants to avenge his niece's death. I get the writers are trying to help us feel the woe towards Adien but he is just so unlikeable. He does everything in the game taking zero consideration for the safety of others and clearly not giving a damn about anything else but his own personal vendetta. I hated they tried to make him look like a good guy when it's clear he's a selfish human being who is clearly consumed by seeking revenge. It doesn’t help that the story is so cliched and predictable. You know that one scene from that one hacker movie that was awesome? It's in here too, expect not nearly as awesome. Plus the fact Adien sounds like Batman with strep throat and the cheesy, lame writing certainly didn't help. Oh, and the ending is also terrible to top it off.The gameplay is a mixed bag as there were some things I did enjoy. Driving felt smooth despite the fact  that I was able to almost completely phase though cars in some rare occasions (AKA the driving physics could use some work). Plus, I felt the core gunplay was actually pretty solid and each weapon felt like it packed a pretty decent punch to it making it feel satisfying to pop a slug into an enemy's skull or some unfortunate civilian who happened to just be near your murder spree. So not everything is bad on the gameplay front. My issues start to arrive with the missions.Nearly every mission and side-mission in the game feels like it came from other Ubisoft games (you know just like almost every other mainline Ubisoft game since Assassin's Creed). To where the whole game feels like it's trying way too hard to be different from the crowd. It ends up feeling like a half-done GTA clone with uncreative mission objectives and overall boring mission design that eventually starts to feel repetitive after awhile. Without an engaging plot I got kind of bored with the overall game design.Which brings us to the Watch Dogs main gimmick. The world's most OP cell phone you'll spend half your time causing traffic accidents due to ♥♥♥♥ing with traffic lights. It's alright and honestly it's a bit more simplistic than I would've liked. All you really do is press the X button and hold it for a second then watch stuff happen (I used a controller). I was hoping it got a bit more complex later on but considering I can blow up steam pipes and back Chicago traffic up for months on end I was pretty content. It's alright but nothing too special and I certainly had my fair share of fun with it.Graphiclly, oh boy this one's a doozy. However, let me say, although the game obviously isn't as great looking from E3 2012 it still looks alright. It's still able to pull off some nice visual touches here and there with some nice looking cutscenes. Also I gotta give massive praise to the animation and mo-cap teams for doing such an excellent job. All the individual animations the denzens of Chicago have to Adien's swag walk really helped sell me on immersion in the city. I was really impressed with how alive the city became and was one of the few things I really loved about the game.Overall Watch Dogs is one hell of a game to write up. Is the game a colossal disappointment? You bet! But there is still hope as I think with a fantastic squeal that fixes up there problems, Watch Dogs can really become something special. Despite my issues I can see a great game that's just brimming to get out of it's shell and have a chance to shine. For now though, I'll just sit back playing a jackass, wannabe strep throat Batman with a OP cell who loves to cause traffic accidents."
,Not Recommended,243470,12594034,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Ghosts of Jupiter,"Watch Dogs was pretty lame. Issues that broke the game for me:1 The multiplayer was terrible. Roaming together was pathetic, you couldn't even play the phone laser games with your coop buddy. Being invaded, or invading was also bad. Attackers would invade and generally just waste your time. And defenders would always pull guns out and start blasting everyone in site, but if you don't run you are the haker and get shot. If you did run, you would leave the boundry and lose. Mobile mode was a joke too.2. Huge inconsistencies in the plot. Slight spoiler. In one mission Clara pulls her gun and start murdering fools with you at a hotel. In a further mission you need to kill a guy and she gets all butt hurt. Stuff like that broke this game for me.3. Driving physics were bad. your car could slam any hting out of the way like they were balloons. Catering to the no penalties for being bad at games console crowd.This was suppose to be next gen. What the hell happened?"
76561198013180332,Not Recommended,243470,11488270,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Midago will return asap :),"I don't have a problem with watchdogs, my problem is sadly the lack of true pc support for the thousands of players who are having problems and UPLAY, i might have given this a kind review had UPLAY not once again stuffed up my game.  I know it is UPLAY because i was playing watchdogs fine before it updated and woah soon i found that my game was freezing and i couldnt even start a new game, then i found out my saves had been corrupted and only after deleting my old saves could i start a new game.   This has happened with previous games and shows that they don't give a pooh!!!!  I understand that some don't have issues with the drm but really so long as UBI are still making money by selling games on steam then do they really need it.  Ubi have some great games coming and this is putting me off shame cos i was looking forward to getting AC Unity :(  Only not reccommended because of UPLAY"
,Recommended,243470,10324684,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Archy Senpai [RTOZ],"Lacking the ability to actually watch dogs aside (or... if you're so inclined, move bags to a truck and then to a boat for Hector), this game is quite solid, even if somewhat overhyped. I've heard of people experiencing quite a few issues, but the one issue I did encounter... was that my game is set to windowed mode by default. So, every so often, right click aim to left click shoot somebody would... close the game. But once, I set it to full screen, this problem disappeared, and I found myself quite enjoying the game.Sure some there may be downsides, but what game doesn't have downsides? The driving isn't great, so I find myself preparing to run everywhere. I also quite like the ability to travel on trains... it's something different. This of course, leads to the CTOS. The connections within the city, and how things link up together are quite interesting, especially when you chain hack cameras to get to your objectives without even needing to fire a shot, or enter the area. Hacking is quite the new mechanic, and while there isn't really anything new to it once you've done it a few times, it is very interesting and fun. Especially if you end up roaming and hacking a random passerby... for obscenely large amounts of cash they should not possibly have. Or you blow up a power box. Or change the traffic lights. Or, of course, activate blockers while being chased...Even without playing through the campaign, it is possible to have a lot of fun just free roaming around the map, helping ordinary civilians through crime prevention or doing other things like privacy invasion... The city of Chicago is realized quite well, and looks very nice. It is also interesting to see the detail put into every individual you encounter, and some of their descriptions, or vices, maybe, can be quite... amusing. As can some of the phone conversations or text exchanges you can listen in on or read.And last but not least: the campaign itself. While Watch_Dogs does not have an expansive cast of characters, they all accomplish their job quite well and the storyline is quite solid and interesting.Is it worth $75 (or maybe more or less, depending on where you live)? Maybe not, but the game is enjoyable. Watch_Dogs might not be a must-have, but it is certainly fun."
,Not Recommended,243470,20282413,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Mitchtman,"the potential was real, the idea great, but the game sucks....."
76561198116683311,Not Recommended,243470,11101008,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,WATTBA,"No just not !!! i pre order this game and was really looking forward, i saw is some game that will beat GTAV or PC version of GTA but you can hack everthing, unfortunately i was wrong.OK so, lets first start talk about the graphcis is poor really SH!T almost like Saint Row 3 i mean come on even GTA IV can beat Watch_Dogs graphics in 2014 ! a game that come out in 2008 can beat a game come out in 2014 SERIOUSLY ??? (i did heard that the console version of Watch_Dogs are way better than PC,maybe this is just not a PC game ?)what is wrong with Ubisoft OMG...... just forget i also spend 40 bloody british pound for this game, i really dont mind about spend money on the game i love but sometime when is come to the game you will not get a goddamn penny from my pocket !Is the game a open world ? yep pretty much you can drive around city, run over people, rob shop, theres only 2 type of shop availble for you to actually SHOPPING Clothes shop and gun store.i feel like the Ubisoft actually stole those thing from rockstar...... but with some really rubbish graphics and added hack.Everyone Watch_Dogs this whole game is focus on one thing adn that is hacking so, whats you can actually hack ? like other game you get skill point after complete each different mission and you can spend on skill tree like control bridage and road block those really simple thing.I don't normally post bad review,but i just want speak thing of true."
,Recommended,243470,10500938,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,16 flavours of salt,Pretty fun. There's a fish that sings so 10/10 is an obvious.
76561197983066806,Not Recommended,243470,12710718,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,JESTER LEWIS,"The graphic is ok. Also the idea. Gameplay, story, characters, missions: ont worth it. Wait for GTA V."
,Not Recommended,243470,12699834,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,СняιѕВаяđ,"Full of single player and multiplayer bugs, what could have been a great game its nothing but frustration due to many problems. Not recommeded!"
,Not Recommended,243470,12710378,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Chimping out,Probably one of the most overhyped game in gaming history. The gameplay is unique but the port is terrible. Wait untill it's onsale because this game is not worth 60$ +
,Recommended,243470,12798514,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,-GuardiaN- #Road2dIIVA,This game is awesome
,Recommended,243470,13051855,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,PHILIPPonPC,"Hipe was way to high, but its still a fun game."
76561198015682171,Recommended,243470,26108484,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,torch672,"Let me start by saying I am not a big Ubisoft fan, limited replays if any is a real down point, their conspiracy phobia series  Assassins was terrible with the exception of Black Flag. If youi ignored the poorly done attempt to copy a Dan Brown novel and just played the pirate end of it, it was a great game. Watch Dogs on the other hand, even with all of Ubisoft's crap, was an incredibly good game. Much, much more better written then GTAV, and if you think I am down on GTAV check my hours played. I can't say enough about Watch Dogs. I won't say my age but know that I loved my Commodore 64 and even earlier my Colico pong console and have played everything from red storm rising, to wing commander, and every genre since. So I know a little about what I am talking about. I am not looking forward, for the first time toi a new GTA game, they have gone to the kiddies that steal their parents credit card and probably will be just online next version. GTAV was a omen, terribly written story and catered stricking to their online children with their shark dollars or whatever they are. Ubisoft pushes really hard for online play also, but hasn't forgot us SP's.  I was going to do pros and cons but I'm sorry, WD's is just so well done, rare to find anymore. oOnly con is they need to loosen up a little and allow modders and ability to save different levels of the game."
76561198061867213,Not Recommended,243470,12426012,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,rentjur,What can I say that has not already been said? Nothing really.Do not buy this cr*p!!!!And may I add don't buy UBI-cr*p!
76561198288518785,Recommended,243470,28712166,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,♛ ĞŐĶÚĹ ♛ farmskins.com,"The must have game for hack lovers and this game is more realastic with weakness , In other games it takes lot of bullets to take out us whereas this guy has very less potential but much good in hacking so this game is essentailsPROS*Good graphics*Good enviroment*online environment*Hard to play and challengingrate it 10/10"
,Not Recommended,243470,16373548,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,TeoTeoTeo,Get's really repetitive and just boring
,Not Recommended,243470,32791741,Posted: 25 June,all,Lord Marsden,Game Dosen't Really know what it wants to be. On console I played the whole game being a angel but everyone still called me a vigilante. If the graphics worry you just isntall the E3 conversion mod. Dont buy unless its like 10 bux or unless you like boring repetitive gameplay
,Not Recommended,243470,12727325,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,TrueDuality,"I had high hopes for this game, but quicly found it lacking. The uplay launcher and series of menu systems quickly irritated me before I even got to the game. The cinematics are ""artful"" in a seizure inducing glimpse kind of way making it difficult to follow what is actually happening and the general gameplay has the sluggish feel you'd expect from a console that limits your ability to look around and interact with your environment.I barely got into the game before giving it up so it could potentially have a compelling story, but it wasn't worth getting far enough into the game to find out. This is the first time I've ever wanted a refund from a steam purchase, pity they don't allow those... I wouldn't waste your time on it."
76561198058783615,Recommended,243470,12752699,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,CapitalC,"Great Game.Good storyline, Great multiplayer, but when messing around solo its less engaging than GTA.Still highly recommend.One thing is Ubisodt NEEDS to stop allowing payers to disconnect from an invasion at 98% with no penalty"
,Recommended,243470,17240914,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Dagorath,"Pros:- The city of Chicago is rendered in gorgeous detail- Great graphics- Great premise of a 'digital Big Brother'- Hacking everything you set your eyes on is a blast- Some really really fun campaign and side missions- Multiplayer is handled quite well (other players can 'invade' your game if you enable it)Cons:- Unrelatable protagonist and characters - entirely unbelievable- Atrocious plot - a mix of hacker geek culture combined with a typical vigilante-becoming-the-monsters-he's-hunting-gang-culture plotBuy it - if you enjoy action, immersive worlds and challenging multiplayer. Buy it on sale! Say £12.Don't buy it - if you are expecting a Rockstar-standard plot (like Max Payne or GTA).Edit: The DLC 'Bad Blood' gives hours of fun in terms of a new three-Act campaign and numerous side missions. The side missions and hacking are generally more difficult than those in the main game; for instance you have to take down militia leaders without killing anyone. The characters are still one-dimensional but at least they stay in character. Good fun!"
76561198009430218,Recommended,243470,22576838,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,JacoRay,"The initial reviews for Watch Dogs on PC were relatively mixed due to poor performance and optimization, all of which can be blamed on Ubisoft Montreal. Nearly two years later, I finally got my hands on the game and plowed right through the campaign; and I have to say, it's definitely a good game. I can't say when Ubisoft patched it so the performance issues are no longer there, but the game runs perfectly fine.Now, the game itself. Watch Dogs is a good game and a great new IP for Ubisoft to play with. It was definitely a breath of fresh air after constant releases of Assassin's Creed and Far Cry games. The story revolves around Aiden Pearce, othwerwise known as ""The Vigilante"" or ""Fox"", as he tries to uncover who put out a hit on him that led to the death of his niece. Aiden is a professional hacker and utilizes his knowledge to hack his way into the ctOS where he's able to track his targets. It's a well written story with a number of unique characters, twists and turns, a great soundtrack from the guy that worked on Hannibal, great graphics, great animation, shocking scenes in the ghetto; all around, great game.9.4/10"
,Not Recommended,243470,12404374,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,katsu curry,Ugh.Play GTA V or Assassin's Creed IV: Black Flag.I uninstalled this game after total frustration with performance. The plot and characters are contrived.Note: I wanted this game to be something special. I really did.
,Recommended,243470,10255018,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,mrevilrobguy,I'm disappointed because you do not actually watch dogs in this.  Even though its not what i thought it was this game is pretty badass... I used a blocker to launch a player into orbit... that was cool...
76561198162632100,Not Recommended,243470,34777097,Posted: 6 September,all,Siddharth207,"I honestly love watchdogs. The only reason I am not recomending this game is because of Uplay. Even though I have played this game for a while, suddenly it does not show up on my uplay account even after activating it. Now according to Ubisoft I do not own this game anymore and hence I am unable to play it. I tried contacting support but their response did not help since they just said this game does not belong to my account.Dont buy it, beacuse Uplay screwed me over."
76561198139528629,Not Recommended,243470,16384472,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,chrisegouk,"SAVE YOUR MONEY AND SANITY! DO NOT BUY THIS POS! DO NOT BUY! DO NOT BUY! DO NOT BUY! DO NOT BUY!I don't usually write reviews, but this game infuriated me enough to do that.I think everyone that bought into this game's hype and bought it should be awarded the Darwin Award.And I will lead the way by awarding myself about ten of those.Bought the game, played probably about 2 hours last night, quit the game and today it would never load, nor allow to restart the game without crashing. I payed £10 effectively for an ingame menu!DO NOT BUY! DO NOT BUY! DO NOT BUY! DO NOT BUY! DO NOT BUY! DO NOT BUY! DO NOT BUY! DO NOT BUY!Edit: Managed to go past the ingame menu and get it to work. Worst PC port I have ever played. Keeps on crashing for no reason, fills up the page file and then crashes, crashes in the 'you're dead' screen. gets 'this application has been tampered with - steam won't allow it to start' error.Silverlining to all of this, it seems the people that did the ""porting"" for this PC ""port"" managed to endow the game with all the qualities of a certain human gender on a certain time of the month:'You just casually chillin, hacking that lady over there's phone? You are cheatin on me with that ♥♥♥♥♥? Crash your♥♥♥♥♥to desktop!You died ♥♥♥♥♥? I'mma kick your♥♥♥♥♥to the desktop!You wanna start the game sucka? Well I got a headache and won't start.'"
76561198059439380,Recommended,243470,10251177,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Brigade 2506,"Yes it was over-hyped but overall it's a fun game.Just be careful what you hacked, killed 10 civilians before I knew what I did.EDITWhile some people have been having problems with login into Uplay,I only have the problem of going online a few times, servers probably getting thrashed."
76561198206700368,Not Recommended,243470,16904786,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,craawlings,"I dont know if this is a problem for anyone else, but the game is super laggy. When I close the game, my computer seems to have no lag at all, but the game is so laggy I can barely play."
76561198098665738,Recommended,243470,10251570,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,RYYAN-KING,amazing game.
,Recommended,243470,10306948,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Hobbes,"So. I'll skip over any discussion about optimisation and speed, my system being the terrifying beast that it is did not have any issues running this game at max settings and didn't drop below 60 fps. We can ignore the technical discussions and I'll leave that to the rest of the Steamiverse (yes, that's a word, I've made it, it exists) to discuss.The big question is how does Watch_Dogs compare to the two important benchmarks in the field, the first being the immediate predecessor - Assassins Creed 4: Black Flag, And the second being GTA V. This is where the discussion starts getting a bit tricky, it would be far too easy for me to TLDR the review as Hacking Creed : White Jacket, but that's essentially what you're getting. The open world -feels- a lot like the AC4 open world, in so much as it's full of window dressing but ultimately you can boil it down to some shops which you buy stuff from, and a mass of side quest markers that you can interact with.There's a but. Some things have been *lost* from the trip from AC4 to W_D, most notably that the Bunker feels like the biggest missed opportunity for Ubi imaginable, this could, should have been the place where Aiden and co built up a base and resources to open investigations, side quests and other opportunities, but in the end it's ""just another hideout"". That came across as a big disappointment, and I'm amazed that Ubi missed a trick on this.The story too, for all the sophistication of the toolset and the world, isn't as sophisticated as it should have been. It's played as a straight revenge plot, when there was so much more that it -could- have been. The whole plot concerning bellweather and the political rigging, blume and the CTOS and how it connected to Chicago, these are themes that could have been explored in so much more depth, giving texture and a much more significant plot to proceedings, but instead we end up destroying a lot of the criminal underworld because Aiden is angry. Angry Aiden. This game demanded better writing, AC4 -got- better writing, why this game didn't, I'm a little bemused by.My problem is that this game has a lot going for it, the AR games are insanity akin to SR4, the digital trips represent Ubi at their blood dragon best, Songsneak is a very clever idea, and the multiplayer implementation when it works (which isn't always as reliable as you might wish) is perhaps a collection of some of the most brilliantly thought out espionage gamemodes in an open world to come together. There's a lot of good here, but unlike CTOS, it's not interconnected, instead the brilliance is scattered among seperate threads that spiral off in different directions, and you end up seeing fragments of what could have been. A great game reduced to merely -very good- because Ubi perhaps lacked the bravery to commit to something more.Buyers remorse then, hmmm, no. I think in time, with the no doubt mass of DLC that will come down the pipe for it including T-Bone's campaign, we'll see a more fleshed out experience and possibly Ubi willing to experiment more with the themes they touched on in Aiden's story, but neither can I unconditionally recommend it. This is a good game that strives for greatness, but sadly falls just short. Unlike GTA V it lacks the sheer quantity of things to do to make it feel like a world come alive, and unlike AC 4 it lacks the ""epic feeling"" that made you grin when you were being a mighty pirate.So close and yet so far."
76561197982294166,Not Recommended,243470,18636610,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,animal_PLANET,"Gameplay is smooth. Graphics are great but the story is very generic and lacking. The city is small and feels empty. Barely anyone around. Hacking part was ok, but I dont think Ubisoft knew what direction they wanted to go in this game. There is about 100 different side missions. They keep popping up on screen and become very annoying. Map is cluttered just like in Assassins creed series and becomes tedious. They weren't fun to do especially how repetitive it was for as many as they had.Seems pointless to upgrade skills except hacking as it did very little to give you a boost. I didn't feel like it was any improvement from when you started the game. Especially for combat. You gain so much $$$ so quickly you can just buy all the high powered guns right away including the grenade launcher which just clears house and get things done.Overall it's a long played out game of cat and mouse. Some parts I enjoyed but were few and far between. I wont be looking foward to a sequel and do not recommend this game at all."
,Recommended,243470,10253540,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Klosjaarrr,"Epic gameplay, I love the mechanics. Graphics are okay, could be slightly better. The hacking is very smooth and the storyline is really good."
,Recommended,243470,11195436,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Kenuty,"I thumbed this game up for what it offered and the experience, not for unoptimization or complaints about uplay. I wish I can have a thumb that goes in between. Because I thought the game was decent and just good, not great or game breakingly innovative but a good experience to play.To start off you play as Aiden pearce who is a hacker and a vigilante one at that. He was hacking on a job when he called it quit causing a tragedy to happen. You'll have to play to understand. The game offers some decent storytelling that was worth playing for the experience, though is very linear in terms of choices and paths you can pick and decide.You can only choose some choices to be  good or evil in what you do which doesn't really alternate too much of the storyline at all.The game is an openworld roaming with the gameplay involving alot of stealth and  cover shooting mechanic with the ability to hack thrown in  which can be fun and quite entertaining until it becomes a bit repetitive. Literally you can open a phone look at someone and as long as a person has a device on them you'll see thier information appear which is completely randomized, which can be quiteinteresting. The missions has plenty of missions you can take on which can be repetitive and the main storyline mission and not much more than that, the game has a good experience but didn't offer meatier content.. There is limited parkouring and climbing you can do but you cannot jump in this game which drives me in♥♥♥♥ingsane  (in one of my video going for a top of the ledge(see bottom). The game itself has a nice leveling system set up in a way so that you can unlock new abilities that you progress enabling cooler and better hack. They are cool but the idea wears out after you unlocked the last one. Aside from that you can also craft items that will aid you in your missions.The graphics are decent but the physics to the game felt very i and too solid. The texture itself can be pretty at some area but downright horrible in other areas along with poor optimization and locked graphical enhancements. Also with mod you can get a more stable play of the game + graphics that was shown to you at E3.The multiplayer in the game is really intresting, as long as the game is set public people can basically invade you during the game anytime they want and once that happens you'll have to find them to rank up. At the time Uplay was having massive issues because of the amount of people logging in and the server not being able to handle it, whenever I could get my hands on the multiplay it was fun and enjoyable, though now none of that problem exist because people have moved on and only a handful still plays. One of the multiplayer mode that should had been enjoyable is free roaming but instead there is NOTHING TO DO and that mode is completely BORING because there isn't anything to do besides shennenigans. Also note there is no anti cheat of any kind implemented so the cheating going on now deterred me from the multiplayer and so I moved on.The game itself uses Uplay which might suck but the game belongs to them so what can you do except voice out your opinion about this.Optimization really is not that great for this game, alot of the materials that looks great for it is hidden, which a modder found out about and unleashed.Be warned about system specs though. Hopefully people will be able to enjoy this title but it seems most of the complaints are specs, optimization problems etc because the massive issue is certain people can run it fine, many cannot so hopefully patch fix this. I can run it fine so my review is on the game itself.This is my spec and it works atm.+CPU: Intel Core i7-3960X Extreme Edition +Memory: 64 gig ddr3 2133 Gskill +Video Card: 1x =EVGA 680 GTX SIGNATURE EDITION SUPERCLOCKED+  voice acting and dialogue really well done voice acting on aiden and nice job on the other characters.+ The Story is decent.+ Graphic options that tries to push pc to limit (Note: But fails due to optimization problems atm) Does/will look good if it works and when it works. too bad it didn't look like E3.+ Hacking is a really fun concept but could use alot more work in the future otherwise sometimes repetitive in terms of missions etc camera switching jumping.+  music and soundtracks fit the game perfectly+ Tons of weapons and perk unlocks+ Openworld roaming of up to 8 players, 1 vs 1 hacking, tailgating, racing, and game invasions. adding replayability. + leaderboard rankings. Though uplay was down on the first day+ 20 hours if you take your time to find EVERYTHING, 10-12 hours if you rush the single mission+ Very Good Amount of Collectables to unlock from side missions to minigames you can play + multiplayer to unlock perks, weapons, and vehicles.-While multiplayer is fun, the Free roam mode needs alot of work, it is SUPER BORING and offers nothing to do at all besides driving around and shennenigans.-Not the next gen game as they promised. The graphics were hidden so it caused an uproar until it was unlocked.-Physics are not next gen at all. Things felt very solid alot of time.- Uplay service is MEH, having problems finding the multiplayer game when you want to, takes 2-3 mins to find a game. In fact its not working right now so I am bummed out, WAS working fine.- The specs will affect some people hard, in fact many people, but the game does run fine for some and really horrid for others.- Game will require you to purchase Deluxe edition + Season pass to get the full content + hours more of contents. Otherwise you're missing out- Driving Could use alot more work, only great when you update perks a bit but not much, not only that car feels like heavy bricks in terms of handling, when you bump into things it goes flying but the car takes no damage unless you take really really hard hits. Damage also isn't as great but looks fine.-You'll have to get deluxe and then seasonpass and then more to get more content of course...- Optimization sucks and sucks hard, IT SUCKS THE HELL OUTTA YOUR PC, IT NEEDS WORK HOPEFULLY WITH PATCHES!  Some people are able to play this game flawlessly, Others cannot. So I can only imagine the problems and hell they are going through.- doesn't have enough content.- No anti cheat, cheaters plague the game multiplayer now and so I moved on.Thats pretty much it, enough said it is a great game, worth the purchase if you can RUN IT and probabaly a good play thus far until something better comes along. Waiting on GTA VI've retyped this entire thing because the original one looked like♥♥♥♥♥♥and I was unsatisfied with it.Come invade me if you find me. When Uplay works.Uplay - Kenuty- This is why not being able to jump in the game is stupid-https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cPa8EcHiQbI&list=UUXGd7RegfStA25hUftOyVfw-Online Gameplay video-https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IHAwkbDqSSE&list=UUXGd7RegfStA25hUftOyVfw-Video Review -https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=05HjlcQXSG4&index=4&list=UUXGd7RegfStA25hUftOyVfw"
,Recommended,243470,12321338,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Sully,"A bit too many people will disagree with me when I say that Watch_Dogs was actually a really good game. No, it did not live up to it’s expectations but when you look past what you WANTED and see what you actually got, it is a really really fun game! Ya, a few bugs and very blah side missions and activities but the game was A LOT of fun! It took me 48 hours to get through almost everything before I got bored so I really think Watch Dogs is worth your money! I highly recommend this game!"
,Not Recommended,243470,20116635,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,SplizZ,"Pro:-nice grafics ( you need a good computer to run it on ultra though)-hacking stuff is fun-police in common and police chases are kinda realistic and funCon:-driving system is horrible (worst i've ever seen in a triple A title)-you cant shoot out of cars-weapon feeling is not very good (my personal opinion)-story ist just not interesting and pretty repetitive (chase that guy, kill that guy, hack this device, and so on...)Conclusion:It's fun at first if you run it on Ultra and the performance is doing allright aswell butthe hacking becomes repetitive after a while and the driving is just annoying. So it was fun to me for likean hour but then it just bored me and I stopped playing it. In my opinion for 15€ you could buy it and try it outyourself. Decide wether you like it or not-keep it and play it-or just refund it."
76561198068180188,Recommended,243470,10248238,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,[UL] jokerpoker5rp,"Watch dogs is a great game with great machanics in it, hacking, driving, shooting feels dynamic and fun, everything about the game is fantastic....other than poor optimazation....I run GTX770 with i7 Intel and 8GB game on Ultra (Which system detects automatically) game drops from 70 Fps to 20 Fps at random moments, most times in cars when driving. Nvidia and AMD better  realease some kind of patch or maybe Ubisoft has yet to optimaze it. For now BUYER BE AWARE THIS IS A GREAT GAME BUT POORLY OPTIMAZED. Pc port is great (Other than poor optimazation) alot of Graphical settings to choose from, game is both Controller compatible, and K/B, however i recommend getting a controller for a better experience when driving. Overall its a GOTY no doubt...Just please someone OPTIMAZE IT!'EDIT: Finished main missions of story, took me 25 hours, i can say that other than optimization issues (which Ubisoft announced to fix) this game is worth buying...yes it may have its flaws and it may be an outcome of shady advertising tactic (E3 2012 Gamplay fake) but its still a above average open world game...true it stands no where near GTAV but also those are 2 diefferent games for me so in conclusion I'm happy with my purchase....plus i didn't even touched multiplayer or additional mission."
,Not Recommended,243470,10262139,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Rock,This Game Is Good But Not Everyone Has A Pure Piece Of processing power to stop it from crashing ALL THE DAMN TIME!!!
76561198063791368,Recommended,243470,10341298,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,jacobieachi,i love to wash dogs and there are none in this game
,Recommended,243470,10294290,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,DarkEvE,"Honestly, after completing the game, ♥♥♥♥ the naysayers, majority of the negative reviews are from people that don't realise their computers can not run this game so they end up blaming the game itself.The graphics might not look as good as the E3 version but if you think the game looks bad you need your eyes double checked, because I have been running this game on the high settings on 1920 x 1080 and all I can say is I have no words for how amazing this game looks from walking down the street at night whilst the rain pours down to driving through the waters during the day, the envoirment really gives the game alot of good deads.Now the story, without going into much, it really messes with you around the end but I feel the game progresses very well in terms of how the story is told, you really learn each major character's personallity, it doesnt feel rushed in and everyone plays their part nicely so you understand them all at the end.I honestly, have no words to describe how much fun I have had from start to finish. Majority of AAA titles i have played they have just bored me to tears including the GTA series as they felt empty but with this game it felt different, hopefully they make a sequel down the line!"
,Recommended,243470,10341966,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Kinthiri,"Watch Dogs is... Watch DogsWatch Dogs is exactly what it set out to be. Whether you're happy with the result or not, it is what Ubisoft promised us. Unfortunately, that is all it is.A lot of people are comparing Watch Dogs to GTA5. Fair enough. That is the last truly big title in the genre and, while it is only available on consoles at the moment, it is the defining series for open world games. Unfortunately, too many people can't see past the comparisons and so we end up with a situation where people want GTA5, try to play the game as if it were GTA5, and are very disappointed when it's nothing at all like GTA5.What it isWatch Dogs is a game focused on stealth and ""hacking."" That means that often it is better to take time on missions and scout them out for a bit beforehand, rather than just to running in gunning. It also means your skills progression becomes important in an almost RPG like manner.It does have a very good shooter platform and I found the cover system to be very good. There were only a few times where it got in the way. But once youlearnhow to use it, there shouldn't be any issues.DrivingThe game is not a driving game. Which is sad given how much emphasis is put on driving missions. Cars perform pretty strangely and don't feel very well balanced. Handling is pretty poor regardless of the car. Its either too slow to steer or the steering is so sensitve you'll end up spinning out a lot during chases. I think this is to try and force you to use the evade tactic more often rather than try to run away.Having said that, the evade tactics are actually pretty compelling. Pull into a dark alley, shut off the car and duck under the dash. Any persuers checking the alley will just see a car. If you get your skill high enough, they can almost be right beside you before they detect you. Often, they won't even come into the alley if you're deep enough in.You can also use the environment to hide. I found that when the helicopter is chasing me, pulling into an under-ground garage, closing the door behind me, and hiding there is by far the best method. Police can't/won't chase you in there, the helicopter can't see you. Lots of alleys also have bollards you can use to block the alley behind you.You cannot shoot from a car you are driving. If you're playing in multiplayer, passengers can shoot, but the driver cannot. In single player, you're the only player so you're always driving. Everyone screams that Just Cause 2 and GTA can all do this, why can't Watch Dogs? Well, the answer is simple. Ubisoft wants you to use the environment as a weapon instead.HackingI really enjoy this mechanic to the game. At one point near the beginning of the game you have to hack into a CTOS site full of guards. A little difficult given by that point I hadn't actually unlocked much of the skills tree at all and fighting was pretty useless for me.Hacking cameras from outside the target area, then jumping from camera to camera before eventually being able to hack the panel that was my actual target was quite a challenge. Doing it without having the guards know I was there was actually a thrill in this kind of game.The hacking mechanic is not bad. It does feel a little contrived. You have a super powerful cellphone with a ""hack"" button that willtake over any device, steal money, invade building networks, control the traffic lights, bollards, bridges, blow up steam pipes, cause city wide blackouts, or just local blackouts, identify every enemy in the areaand .... The list goes on.It is necessary to get your hacking skills up because without them you will suffer in the car. You can't use weapons, so you have to use the environment. Raise bollards, change the traffic lights so cars block the intersection. Blow up steam pipes or raise bridges. Gimp your hacking at your peril.StealthIf you want to play the game as a simple run and gun style such as GTA, you're going to struggle. Youcando it, but you will need to put lots of skill points into the combat tree very early in the game, which will affect other skills you might prefer, such as crafting skills and hacking skills.A key aspect of the game is that you can achieve most missions any number of ways. Sure, you could go into a gang hideout guns blazing, but I guarantee that'll make the mission damn difficult and by the time you get near your objective, reinforcements will have been called in.This isn't Thief, but if you follow a more stealthy path, the game will give you far greater rewards. Use the silenced pistol instead of the big D50. Or the silenced SMG rather than the massive assault rifle. It can be a lot easier to sneak around an arena and take out targets quietly, one by one, rather than have all the enemies in the area descending on your location.The game definitely rewards you if you take either a hacking or stealth based method to the submissions over a shoot-everything-that-moves kind of approach.StoryIts very hard to like Aiden Pearce at first. He's not a compelling character. He has a very dark and brooding personality. Almost Batman-ish. He never smiles, he never actually shows any real emotion until the end of the first Act, going into the second Act.The other difficulty is that there are all these characters swarming around, but none of them really make an impact on the game in the first Act. In the second Act you start to see some of them become a little more central to the story. The first Act of the story is not great. But it starts to pick up in the second Act.Unfortunately, thats about as much as I can say about the story. At this point I'm over 32 hours of game time and still only half way through Act 2 on my first play through. I decided that rather than run through the game at a fast pace I'd rather spend the time to learn the game. I wanted to figure out the mechanics of the gameplay, get my character a little advanced so he has a few more useful skills under his belt. And I'm glad I've done this.MultiplayerThis is a lot of fun. Jumping into a game and tailing someone, or hacking them without getting caught, is a good version of the ol' cat-n-mouse style of game play. The only part that has bothered me is the frequency of requests from mobile players. But I generally ignore them at the moment.Ultimately I think the multiplayer games will be the longevity of this title. They are definitely more fun than the normal side missions thrown across the map. While the AI in the game is not bad, its still a game AI and doesn't compare to going head to head with a human player.Bottom LineWatch Dogs has it's faults. Actually, it has quite a few.I'm not addressing the UPlay problems or performance issues that people have had on the PC version. I don't have a powerful machine, so when it said I should stick to Medium detail I went with it. I play at medium with the screen at 1080p. That's good enough for me. I'm more interested in the game mechanics and story.Ultimately, if you take the game on its own merits and don't try to play it as a GTA/Just Cause 2 clone, you will enjoy the game. It is a lot of fun and there are enough extra's to do in the game that you'll not run out of things to do for a long while. Replay factor is high, I'm tempted to restart the game just to do some of the side missions (like the gang hideouts) again.Overall I rate the game 7/10. A lot of the glitches and performance problems can be resolved with updates. If it used Steam instead of UPlay for Achievements and Multiplayer, I'd maybe even go to 8/10.Rated : 7 / 10 (-1 for UPlay)"
,Recommended,243470,11073704,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Spooky Doctor Applejack,"I've never played GTA but I've seen some gameplay of it (GTA V) and people say It's a lot like that, but I don't care, It's different.Graphics - 9/10Combat - prob 4/10Music very goodOnline mode - pretty goodThe only bad things about this game is the driving a bit and the news reports every time y'all get in2 a car.Also the song 'Chase' I do believe it's called, should b played a lot when chasing a criminal. (running, like in the Official PS4 Gameplay Trailer)But if y'all r really interested in technology I'd say play it, but not for the price, ooooh no. Mayb about 40% - 50% off the price."
76561198039950833,Recommended,243470,10348170,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Pupper,Game is bad waste of money
76561198074073482,Not Recommended,243470,13810707,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,hadar1yuval,"I spent money on this and as soon as I tried to open it after installing, it just didn't work, the game won't open and nothing happens this is  absolute ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t!!!"
76561198089980926,Recommended,243470,12191053,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Jackal,"ok chill, its ok game, not great 6-7, k?story is bad, driving is -meh-  but its fun if you like a dulled down gta...And now everyone hates me..."
,Recommended,243470,16196611,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Benjamin Hanna,"you play as this mega dude who was involved in a car accident that resulted in the death of his neice. He is slightly upset and decides to spend the rest of his life tracking down those responsible for her murder. He puts his hacking ability to the test after downloading an application that does all of the work for him and waves around a gun hoping for the best.The protagonist in quite a selfish manner, takes the lives of more people than he can count to avenge the death of his neice and in doing so pushes all of his remaining family members further and further away in turn basically killing himself.It's alright, you drive and shoot and listen to music and press buttons to 'hack' things.6/10 would hack again."
,Recommended,243470,10327999,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Ivanrock,Well truth be told not the greatest gameGameplay 6/10Story 8/10would be a great game if had some sort of co-op but get's to boring if playing by youreself
76561197972229478,Not Recommended,243470,10323209,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,mattf0124,"Its been nearly a week and the game is as broken as it was at launch....think this is the last full price launch day Ubisoft title I will ever purchase.....waiting a few months for the game to be significantly cheaper and actually work is the better play for the gamer....and if we all started doing that, things would change in short order......but as long as pre orders and launch window sales stay high, they have no problem shipping broken game and taking their sweet time with fixes."
,Not Recommended,243470,10323550,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,OvenFriedRice,"Sleeping Dogs is the better Dogs game, get that instead. everything's better there."
,Not Recommended,243470,10291656,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,SuperiorBrick,"Full of bugs, online capabilities almost never work, hacking gimmick is boring, stuttering all the bloody time, car physics are terrible. Maybe with a massive patch to fix all this crap it might be playable. Till then, into the trash it goes."
,Recommended,243470,10479585,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Kalthramis,"This is a bit dicey.So, I'll start by saying I enjoyed this game, and will be returning to finish the side quests some day.It's fun, it's polished, it plays well. But it is by no means perfect. And I'm going to get the bad out of the way first.Featuring bland characters and an uninteresting storyline, Ubisoft delivers a game that didn't function on PC at release and is horrendously ugly compared to the supposed ""in-game"" promotional demo footage.If you're hoping for a ""Grey-zone good guy who has to do bad things,"" you aren't going to get it with this game. While the story tries to be that (and the promo-material REALLY tried to be that), at the end of the day, you're really just a♥♥♥♥♥♥regardless of how you behave in the game. There is no cut-and-dry troubled hero. You're a selfish prick who hurts people.Lacking in customization and suffering from ""lots of weapons that are actually all the same and clutter your inventory""-syndrome, Watch_Dogs is more than a stone-throw behind competing titles like GTAV and Saints Row in this respect.The multiplayer is also troubled. It quickly becomes intrusive and stressful - an annoyance that disrupts game flow and, unless you're really good at it, more likely to leave you frustrated than happy to play it. It becomes scary to be outside of a mission. (As such, most people stay away from it - I reached ""top 7%"" in a few hours of multiplay) While the flaws are difficult to point out briefly, suffice to say there are some serious design flaws in the entire system.There are many more, minor flaws with the game. But for now, the good:Hacking is fun. Hacking is really fun. Hacking other players is fun. The chases (of which there are plenty) are fun. At the end of the day, you're a sneaky hacker doing hacker things and sneaking around beating people up. It's fun. The gameplay is the savior of this game. As are the extras. I'm not a completionist - I don't care about achievements or finding all 500 items. But in Watch_Dogs, they present you things in chunks - ""Find 10 briefcases to unlock a mission that ties in with that one part in the main story.""That's good. That's very good. It makes me WANT to go hunt that stuff down. So I did. It's good.The ending was pretty good, too. The buildup was nice, and the final few missions really bring everything together. They wrap up enough to leave you satisfied, but leave just enough open to justify a sequel. Even if the story is pretty lame and predictable, they did a good job at making it feel good when you finished.There are some fairly minor design decisions throughout the game that also get props (just little things; like being able to shoot someone after a cinematic) that ultimately leaves me with a good impression of the game.Overall, it's a decent title. Maybe it isn't worth 60$. I've gotten around 30 hours out of it so far, having finished nearly everything. Maybe it isn't GTAV, maybe it isn't Bad Rats.But it's decent."
,Not Recommended,243470,10351161,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Darth 50.98.251.81,"Sorry to say, this game is not worth the $60. The story itself is ok, but when you have problems ranging from mouse acceleration YOU CANNOT TURN OFF to repetitive side missions and bland characters, the game shows its true self. Do not be fooled by the hype."
,Not Recommended,243470,10291375,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Blackt1g3rs,"you give us the code for extra content not TO PLAY THE DAMN GAME when i sent my code to ubisoft to see why it wont work they said thisHello blackt1g3rs,Recently you requested personal assistance from Ubisoft Customer Service. Below you will find a response to your recent request for support. Please do not reply directly to this email.Bruno @ Ubisoft Customer Service:""Thanks for contacting us about your issue.The code that you have send us is not for the full game, the code is only for the ULC extra content, and this code will not unlock the game.The best way you have to solve your issue would be, contacting your retailer and get more information why you only have the extra content code.Thanks for your time and understanding.""see that valve thats YOUR FAULT if you buy it on disk or from ubisoft its fine but from you ♥♥♥♥ THAT you dont give us crap you WILL either give me a activation code or a refund because it flies in all of your policies i spent 40 bucks on this and you dont even give me the activtion  code and dont blame ubisoft for this valve should have checked that this product works and my cousin who got in says its a poorly optimised  laggy low res non responive and buggy mess that should not happen you couldnt have spent a little more money to see this works with small titles sure but not triple a anticipated games with a lot of preorders its not ubisofts fault its YOURS VALVE YOURS and let me tell you this is the last time im letting you slip up  im keeping an eye on you and if you steal my money 1 more time OH boy"
,Recommended,243470,10324884,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,PRO_Krypto™,"Ok let me start off by saying that I hate uplay in its entirety, and I hope that the more, money at the cost of simple ease, redundancy and really everybody’s convenience stops because they have like twenty games on uplay and its pointless just go throug steam and make a deal.But to the game itself, I put in a good fifteen hours in to the game at launch and I have only really been able to do that with a couple games. The game alone is a fantastic work of open world awesomeness that combines the f*cking around that people love from the saints row games and meshes it in to almost all the story elements that you must have from almost all of rockstars games. And the only reason all the review sites are giving this game bad reviews is because of the problems from uplay, and because instead backing up and patching some the game for a few months the DEVS decided to make it look prettier, I am all for that but if it is at the risk of putting the whole project in jeopardy then it is a bad call.I love the game to death and the story is not very long and the  boss fights are not that spectacular the game makes up for it in the rest of the game making exploding a junction box look like a digital nuke went off is really cool, And the street npcs felt important and I kind of felt bad killing them and they would react to everything you would do.I’m not going to spoil anything, but people are saying the ending sucks but I think it fitted in to the whole game like an ice cube in a blue chip ♥♥♥♥♥s ♥♥♥♥♥♥, in other words it worked well and really the game didn't disappoint and after you beat it the game has so much left to offer when you’re done like that blue chip I was talking about.Instead of ranting any longer I’m going to put it in simple points with one or two and some words numbers to save time.>gameplay: Fantastic. 8/10>story: not bad. 7/10>driving: acadie but it feels good. 7/10>single player: fun and it never leaves you waiting to do stuff. 8/10>multi-player: almost the same as single player. 7/10>characters: npcs feel important to the game. 8/10>mini-game: its f*cking mini-game galore up in here. 9/10>customization options: almost non-existent. 3/10>bugs: anything less than the recommended specs you’re f*cked 2/10>in all the game is an 8.7/10the game is fun and has a lot to offer but is held back by all the bugs from uplay and poor optimization. the only thing I have left to say is, is GTA5 on pc?"
,Recommended,243470,10330070,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Big Boy Braeden,"Fantastic game with amazing core gameplay. The good storyline, dynamicly generated content, and interactive world make it a must play."
,Recommended,243470,10324423,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,[SOUL],"this might be the only positive review this game got on steam, at least for now... true the games does run like sh*t i use a 3 GB gtx 670 with 16 gigs of ram and 3.5 ghz i7, and i'm still struggling to get 30fps on low to medium settings, but the gameplay is not as bad as people are saying, it's the other way around, the plot was although not epic, it was interesting, there some plot twist here and there, and the game even let you choose on how do you want to complete a mission, either go in guns blazing, or do it ninja style with stealth and use your hacking skills to the max, or combine both for badass moments, side missions are interesting, tho it kinda get's repetitive after you complete about 20 side missions... . i could keep on saying about what this games does right, but it would be biased if i do that 'cause as of now, the game is still broken, but seriously after they fix this game i would recommend that you buy this game...ok now cons (since this is not a BIASED review based on the graphics and how the game runs alone)1. the police, no it's not the A.I, the A.I are intellegent, makes you feel like they are real cops, what i meant by the cops here are their cars, if you got chased by a police no matter by a coupe or SUV police car, they all have the force of a tank, i mean, even if u use a big♥♥♥♥♥SUV.... if a police car rams the side of your car to get you to the side of the road... there's nothing you can do except stop or wait until you crash,2. ctOS scan, now this is my biggest problems, after you start a crime, sometimes it will trigger a city scan marked by circles on the minimap, if this happens, well, you are fcked 'cause there are nothing you can do about it... now u might think this is easy to dodge.. BUT IT'S NOT... it moves to quick and the area of scan per circles is TOO ♥♥♥♥♥♥ WIDE, and if you dodge all of them  A NEW CIRCLE COMEs RIGHT IN FRONT OF YOUR ♥♥♥♥♥♥ FACE AND GOES TO WHATEVER WAY YOU ARE GOING the only thing u can do is delay it with a jammer and even that is impossible to stop you from being detected by ctOS scans because even though its jammed, the circles will keep on coming3. the jammer device capacity limit, u can bring up to 20 lures but you can only bring 5 of jammers? come on ubisoft4.camera issue while driving, while being chased by a helicopter, if you were chased by a helicopter the only way to delay it's advance is to aim it by your camera and hack it... its perfect while you are standing, you can look wherever you want to but when you are driving that's a different story, cause you can't look up WTF? it makes the helicopter hacking skills pretty much useless, u can hack a heli while driving but you need a bridge to jump high, and focus meter (which slows down time) which is really hard and frustrating to do, might as well get out of your car and snipe the ♥♥♥♥♥5. you can't shoot from cars or motorcycle.. yup.... WTF right? i mean, why? i understand that aiden uses his phones too while driving so he can wield a gun..., but can they at least give us an option like for example, if you are shooting while driving, you can't hack anything, that sounds logical enough...that is all for my reviewsP.S : for those  people comparing this to GTA V and said that they don't like the hacking system,...... what? GTA is not as hard as watch dogs? watch dogs too hard for ya? too bad... i feel sorry for you..."
76561198020957794,Recommended,243470,10329950,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Fernand,Woof woof says the stalking doge.♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,243470,11938053,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Monstercat™,This is an awesome game just so you know ^^
,Recommended,243470,20997175,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Simon Maid,Hacker+Grand Theft Auto.Profile-guided optimizations are relatively poor.7/10
,Not Recommended,243470,14057197,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,cr4ckerj4ck,♥♥♥♥♥♥ port
,Recommended,243470,10259442,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Maverick,"""Utterly unoptimized for AMD cards"" I call B***S***!First,I have an amd radeon 7770 it runs the game great havn't had one crash. Ever think it might be on your end? Uplay works fine dosnt do anything to keep me out. I dont think you should be posting stuff about a game that isnt working for you.. play it then find the flaws.Pros:I find the game itself quite fun, the driving is nice and fluid, Shooting system can be a little clunky at first but you get used to it works fine after the first couple missions, and the hacking is a nice additon to this type of game it adds a lot of fun escaping from cops or just trying to kill a couple enemies. The hacking adds more diversity to how you can play the game itself you can go in guns blazing and end up fine or you can hack cameras and not get noticed by one gaurd.Cons:Ok the game isn't perfect but when is a game ""perfect"". Day in the game seems a little washed out and colorless, at night the city looks great and then you kinda dread it going to day just to see the color's and lights fade to white. This is here because it is a problem and a hard one to ignore non the less i would recommend it to a friend."
76561198047865464,Recommended,243470,10259517,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,☣♕༻ƵӠƦʘ༺♕☣,2Awsome4Words2Describe
,Recommended,243470,19456010,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,RolanDecoy,"Quick notes (full review to come):Pro's:Looks really good, down to the wet leather jacket.Turned car radio off because I find it distracting, but there are some great tracks in there to be unlocked.Very large and vibrant open world.Interesting hide / sneaking mechanics.Lots of methods of 'hacking', looking throught camera's, triggering the bombs some security guards seem to be carrying, etc.Extensive skillset to develop.Basic but effective crafting system.Game helps prevent rage-quitting by crashing at the right moments (under Pro's because that literally just happened).Con's:Game is laggy as hell at some points, fluid as plasma at others.No low resolution textures (which is fine, but the options seem incomplete when starting at Medium).Vehicles & objects appear out of thin air.No crouch button, just a hide button which appears to have some similar results (but usually invites a battle for controls).Turning Online missions off doesn't actually turn Online missions off.When offered an Online mission (even though it's turned off in the options) the game exhibits huge lag, seriously disrupting gameplay.No hacking, other than a minigame (hacking is actually done by aiming the camera and holding Q).AI sometimes leads subjects you need to protected into suicide."
76561197985863237,Recommended,243470,22130648,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,ThreeDee,"Watch Dogs is a brolliant game. i dont fully understand the critisism that it gets because i absolutely love it and it is a brillian piece of work. The first ever gameplay was millions times better than the actual game, but for reasons unknown due to reasons, ubisoft had to make a few changes. But that doesn't make the game bad, it is still a brilliant idea that hadn't been tried before (atleased not to the same level). hacking works brilliantly and gunplay works well. Although the driving is like driving whilst ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥d and high. even after being downgraded watch dogs is brillianty and i would recoment. But i do hope Watch Dogs 2 pulls a Assassins creed 2 where it gets it's♥♥♥♥♥♥together. P.S YOU CAN'T WATCH DOGS! (WORST FAULT!)"
76561198076851347,Recommended,243470,10255277,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Welrion,"Good game , good fps , nice graphics , no crashes. But I have problem with online multiplayer matchmaking... Finding multiplayer game is taking long time for me ... It says average time is 3 minutes but I waited maybe 5-6 minutes for my second mp game. My first mp game was funny and the game started much faster than the second , it was tail 1 vs 1 , I cannot find my other 1vs1 games anymore. I dunno if there is not much players playing online or the problem is somewhere in my gamesets.One more problem ... I've unlocked a reward on Uplay for Uplay units and I can't use it in game."
,Recommended,243470,28176819,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Yeet,I can drive better in Mario Kart
,Recommended,243470,11476052,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,T3K-No. 17,"----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------REVIEW TO THE WATCH_DOGS VIDEO GAME PROGRAM;!:SPOILERS AHEAD:!Watch_Dogs was probably one of he most anticipated games of the year. It consisted around a character whom worked with his partner in crime to rob a 5-Star Hotel. Now you play as Vigilante Aiden Pearce, whom uses his phone to control the city around him while trying to find the person responsible for his nieces death.The Pros: You get to control things within the city with your phone. The map is also open world, which means there is tons of places to explore. Not to mention the everlasting crimes that you can stop within the city of Chicago, DLC's en route, and the entertaining online gameplay (Which you can disable).The Cons (Depending on how you look at it): The campaign felt a bit rushed. The beginning was slow, and then mid way through the game it speeds up like crazy. There are no flying vehicles in the game but that is a given. The graphics within the game as some may have noticed is not the same as the one displayed in the E3 trailer, however this can be remidied by downloading The Worsemod.Overall I liked the game and would recommend it to whomever is interested, and has the money to pay for it.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------END OF REVIEW-T3K-No. 15"
76561198014835496,Recommended,243470,13883606,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,nereus101,"This game was totally overhyped. That is definitely true. That being said, I feel that perhaps peope were a bit too harsh on Watch_Dogs because expectations were not met. Sleeping Dogs, Saints Row, and GTA are all better games but this one is still alright though it certainly lacks the depth, gameplay diversity, and replayibility of the aformentioned titles. Graphics are solid, Driving mechanics suck, escaping online hacks can be oddly and frustatratingly easy, but great effort at trying to be different. Oh, and, where the hell are the 30 car pile ups??!! was really looking forward to that...  7/10"
,Not Recommended,243470,11384177,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Smokey Barrister,"An absolute mess. With issues relating to both game design, narrative, and representation, Watch_Dogs is not only one of the weaker Ubisoft titles in recent memory but also the most disappointing.For one thing, the game itself suffers from issues of mission design, devolving into either repetition or frustration or both. What with the Ubisoft staple of ""follow and don't be seen"" as well as some sprinkling of insta-fail stealth missions and boring combat sequences, there's not a whole lot going for Watch_Dogs in terms of interesting design. The final few missions are absolutely dreadful and, above all, simply not fun.The characters are, if anything, even worse. Aidan Pearce is quite possibly the most unlikable protagonist in any Ubisoft game, ever. Connor Kenway, the protagonist of Assassin's Creed III, and Altair Ibn-La'Ahad, the main character of the original Assassin's Creed, were both seen as unlikable by many players as well. If that is the case, then those players have not played Watch_Dogs, because Aidan Pearce takes the cake. He's stupid, he's careless, he's boring and one-dimensional, and he's overshadowed by a cast of side characters that, on the whole, are more interesting than he will ever be.Also, let's take a moment to talk about representation. Watch_Dogs is chock-full of issues of representation, teeming with both lazy stereotypes and downright racist and sexist caricatures. A foray into a sex slave auction comes across as gratuitous and wholly unnecessary, while most of the black characters in the game are dumb gangbangers and criminals. By contrast, the side character of color, Jordi Chin, is great, the most interesting of the bunch and, guess what, not stereotyped one bit. Why is it that the Asian character is portrayed well but the black characters aren't?The character of Clara Lille is undoubtedly inspired by Stieg Larsson's beloved hacker Lisbeth Salander, but this homage comes across as hollow and unconvincing. Aidan's sister, Nicky, serves as the primary damsel in distress of the game, and while it's refreshing to see a damsel in distress who isn't a love interest of the main character, Nicky is still a damsel in distress who spends the vast majority of the game locked up, unseen, and, overall, irrelevant apart from giving Aidan (and the player) a reason for continuing.The narrative is a jumbled mess of a revenge tale, with multiple antagonists stealing each other's thunder and nothing actually making much sense. The scope and scale of the story, with the layers of corporate espionage and political intrigue, are great but don't add up to very much in the end.It's just such a shame, because the game that was shown at E3 2012 looked so good. It looked different, it looked fresh, and above all, it looked fun. Watch_Dogs is not fun. It's just disappointing. It could have been so much more, yet in the end, it settled for mediocrity. A thoroughly average game, and a waste of players' time."
,Recommended,243470,10477719,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,EddezeNNN,10/10 Love the story love the grapichs love this game i highly recommend this game to everybody :)
,Not Recommended,243470,10629940,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Curious,"Another game ruined by ubisoft taking a great concept and running it into the ground at the first oppurtunity. Bad port, bad gameplay, intentionally lowered graphics quality (probably from port laziness), overpriced, day 3 terrible dlc unrelated to the game, awful mulitplayer with warping players, coop with nothing to do, no end game content to speak of. Terrible story and characterisation. Portrayl of women is terrible, this dev team seem to actually hate women compared to gta or saints row who are just disgusting about them."
,Recommended,243470,11403092,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Dr.Seal,I like this game so much! its just the hacking thats realy cool! and the graphics are real good.
76561198068174000,Not Recommended,243470,10418971,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,GOAT,This is the second of two games Ubisoft have ported horribly to PC. Please stop porting if you can't do it right!!!
,Recommended,243470,10399656,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,kaakao,"Not next-gen, but it's fun. Very overhyped, mediocre experience."
,Not Recommended,243470,13681409,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Cheabred,"This is the worse game i have played ever, cant even play it because i get the same FPS on maxed out as i do on low, and its unplayable."
,Recommended,243470,15489981,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Puinguin,"I feel bad that this has such low ratings but i guess its kinda a life lesson. Dont promise things u cant deliver, if you didnt overhype it so much and cheat us out fo the graphics thismight have had a better score. Yes, it can get repetative, whith all the side missions feeling the same but this was my first openworld multiplayer game and for that i engoyed it. There isnt even close to as much♥♥♥♥♥♥to do in gta but i still enjoyed it. I reccomend buying this game on your past experiences, are your expectations extremly high, thinking its gonna be the new gta? dont buy it. But are you just looking for something a little different, to spend around 60 hours on, and just say, ""hey, it wasnt amazing, but i enjoyed it none the less"". Then Buy it."
,Recommended,243470,10357850,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,JoeyCarbo,"A great game, GTA mixed with Splintercell with a Mass Effect UI. But disappointing due to external factors which have nothing to do with the game itself.The good:An open world, free-roam game which actually has fun multiplayer instead of the ol' free roam mode. Online hacking, tailing, decrypting and racing is totally worth it.Gameplay is fantastic and ""new"". Riding cameras, hacking and using the city of Chicago to your will is truly a new kind of gameplay I haven't seen before.The bad:Steam launches Uplay, and Uplay launches Watch_Dogs. Sometimes Steam doesn't register hours played. Uplay is buggy just like Origin was when Battlefield 3 launched. Ubisoft wants us to use Uplay - haha. Also it seems that the game runs badly on ADM hardware and high-end Nvidia GPU's.I would like to see some features added which should've been added in the first place - especially after the 6-month delay; custom music, sit on chairs/benches, removal of the weird mouse movement and smoothing the overall money/item system.So basically it's a great game but it's launch on the PC has been very messy due to bugs, Uplay fail and some illogical things in the game itself. The game itself is a 9/10 but I wouldn't have pre-ordered it if I knew it would launch through Uplay and have so many bugs that need patching."
,Not Recommended,243470,16343404,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Naked Warrior,"I've put 'not recommended' overall - if you see this going for a tenner though, it's worth a few hours of your time.I had, what can only be described as mild fun (still fun though). Untill someone invaded my game, stole something from me (no idea what it was or if it was worth being upset about) and hid in an armoured car until I got bored of shooting it.Hacking is and isn't fun. Good times are quick successes with enemies such as activating grenades, however these seem fairly repetitive.Driving is abysmal. Next gen; I think not. I won't even go into it, Ubisoft should be embarrased, I know I was playing it.Speaking of Ubisoft, once again tormented by the insanely irritating DRM that is Uplay (software that has only one redeeming feature - it is not Origin).Just glad I didn't have to activate any radio towers..."
,Recommended,243470,14214325,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,wee wee,"Very good - Hacking is my sort of thing.Good combat and great Storyline, as well as good online play, along with great DLC.9.6/10."
76561197999100179,Recommended,243470,15259458,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Larromana,"Excellent game, great graphics, highly recommended"
76561197976460508,Recommended,243470,10931319,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Suicide,"I've heard a lot of people say that this game was hyped up to much but in my opinion it was about what I expected. It was a solid game with a good story, great graphics with an interesting multiplayer. Plenty of side missions makes this a game that can be played for hours but unless you really like the multiplayer, which was fun if not annoying sometimes, there isn't a whole lot of replayability. But I guess that's why there is alwasy the DLC!"
,Recommended,243470,10268529,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,MessyEcho,"Watch Dogs... Where should I start? This game is amazingly fun but with an abundance of flaws and glitches this game is just on the edge of good. Lets get the cons out of the way first. Ubisoft, creator of ""Watch Dogs"" have failed us with this service named ""Uplay"" It looks like it's just used to annoy us and for little reward purposes. This game should just launch not have a ""Uplay"" launcher. Nivida Graphics cards work fine with this game, make it look beautiful actually, but if you have an AMD GPU then your out of luck without the AMD Catalyst it seems. Many glitches and laggy problems with the Multiplayer make the mode bad for some people. But it is also very fun multiplayer minus the glitches.Next the pros. Watch Dogs looks great many good little feature such as water droplets make this game very dynamic.Hacking is ok. It is too simple though, you press Q to hack everything and Z for the ""Profiler"". The Skills Tree is very big allowing you to build Aiden to how you see fit. You can also buy new outfits for Aiden, but they're all the same style except for new hats and colours. Many weapons keep the game fun, but they're slightly similar. The story is amazing. The story follows protaginist Aiden Pierce on a journey to find the person that sent a man to kill him, but killed his 6 year old daughter instead.  Stealth is also a good feature using cameras and distractions to sneak your way around.Time for the Verdict. Is Watch Dogs as good as a franchise such as the infamous GTA V (Grand Theft Auto Five)? The answer? No. GTA V offers a bigger map and more variety in vehicles. But, would I reccomend Watch Dogs? Yes. It offers alot of fun stealth gameplay along with many weapons and vehicles, but still does not lived up to the hype that it claimed to be. Watch Dogs as of now is 60.00$ and does not look like it's dropping anytime soon."
,Recommended,243470,10340689,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Toast Malone,"Personally, I felt that Watch_Dogs was a pretty fun experience. I came into this game not having very high expectations and personally I think that helped me enjoy the game more. I know Uplay is a hassle to use and that it's just a useless piece of 3rd Party DRM software, but I wouldn't base my whole review around that. Watch_Dogs has an awesome, alive, city to explore and mess around in. Most of the environment is pretty interactible without being too overpowering. Tons of minigames and/or sidequests. The story took me about 13-14 hours to complete alone (without any sidequest). Gunplay was fun, for me at least, manipulating the environment for fights was fun and interesting. The story was a little above average, mostly just a revenge tale. Morality system is a nice little bonus to the game. Multiplayer was interesting. I felt like it was like Dark Souls, in the sense of invading a single player game, but at the same time I enjoyed the whole cat and mouse concept to the multiplayer. I would honestly recommend Watch_Dogs to someone who is looking for a fun open world experience, unless they run AMD (Unless they have fixed it yet?)."
76561198124111803,Recommended,243470,14215165,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,fsociety,9/10 GOOD GAME
76561198072095429,Recommended,243470,14293407,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,NervXT,"Personally, I found the game fun and challenging when you turn the game up to its highest setting of difficulty.  Then, it actually started to present a challenge.  I actually started enjoying getting killed in the fight because that means I had to re-think my strategy.  So much of what makes Watch Dogs work is the fact that you have to utilize your skills to strategies ways to take down strongholds or have to best the best of Chicago PD.  No matter how you want to approach the situation, there is a path for you...usually.My biggest problem I have with the game is the idea that my choices matter.  There are several times I would clear a level completely unnoticed but shortly after the police, who were not involved until this point, somehow pinpoint my location.  How they know I'm involved with the crime or how they know what my location while using a new and hacked phone is beyond me.  It totally breaks the illusion that you are in control of the information which, I gather, is what they are trying to convey to us.  The ultimate demise is that, after all you seem to know about cTOs, you continue to do bad things and use it for your own will.As far as story and character development, it's pretty much a bust.  Our main hero, the one we are supposed to relate to, is pretty much a blank slate and continues to be a blank slate throughout. In fact, I would equate Aiden Pierce to a terrorist because no matter what, it doesn't stop him from putting people he loves in harms way and stealing money from honest people.  Aiden is a horrible role-model and whatever character was supposed to be fleshed out of him died a horrible death.  Maybe there is more to Aiden's suffering but I feel that should have been somewhat fleshed out with the first iteration of the series.  I can't sympathies with a character like him.  The story, altogether, was pretty predictable and just okay.Ultimately, this game was not bad but not great.  It felt like too many different pieces were shoe-horned in to make an “open-world” experience but ultimately fell short.  It also felt incredibly similar to Far Cry 3 which is not exactly a problem but a trend I hope I don't see continue."
,Recommended,243470,10279999,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Gamer Grill <3,"if you have a better nividia graphics card, you should be fine. if you have a lower-end one, you will have some crashes.But, if you can load it, i highly reccommend buying it. 10/10 from me!"
,Recommended,243470,14303493,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,nicolaiflou,"Its modern to hate on ubisoft, however you can really feel how much time, love, care, and energy the devs has to into Watch_dogs. Yes Ubisoft has probably pushed the game out too early, and I still find bugs. The game is not too well running either. Im an 4770k@4,4 and GTX 770 2gb.You can really feel how the game world is alive, and it’s amazing to see pedestrians react to the situation you for upon the.  I do believe that it’s the greedy top of UBI that pushed this game, not the devs.Amerzing game."
,Recommended,243470,14965207,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,YouMadBro,"I bought this game when it was on sale and I can just recommend buying this game to everyone who loves open world / GTA like games. I've got none of all those FPS stutters or graphic bugs so far so I can't complain about them. The story is pretty fascinating and often requires a bit of strategy. The multiplayer itself isn't bad but not even rougly as good as the story, so it's definitely not for people that buy this game because of its multiplayer."
,Recommended,243470,15348805,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,The Wrath,"Opposed to what most of the bad reviews say, it is an awesome game."
76561198065413562,Recommended,243470,13678760,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,linkthe3rd,i would recommend this game if you are a very patsiant person unlike me. And also if you you don't mind ice skate driving
76561198090728489,Recommended,243470,14232273,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Khan Artist,I Think the next one will be better
,Not Recommended,243470,10283666,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Classicsniper00,"This game was way too over hyped in the beginning. The driving is absolute crap. The Perfromance and frame rates are terrible, and no matter what level you set your quality to, the graphics still look like baby barf. Sleeping dogs had better facial graphics than this game for god sakes.Other than the cons, It had a fantastic story, fantastic voice acting, and over all a fun experience (Which was ruined here and there by the frame drops).I would give this game a 9/10 were it not for the terrible optimization of the game. (Police chases were more of a punishment than an enjoyment due to frames dropping down into single digits not just for me but about half a dozen of my PC friends who all have top of the line builds.) But I do have to take it into cosideration so my overall would have to be a 6.5/10."
,Not Recommended,243470,11527688,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Rootin Tootin Putin,Utter mediocre♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,243470,10293378,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,salv,This game is amazing. Saying this in a non-fanboy way i have had 0 problems launching/playing/connecting to the game.
76561198038508414,Recommended,243470,10390196,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,prep4this,One of the greatest games released this year! EXTREMELY recommended.
,Recommended,243470,10528126,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Harpotos,It's like Assassin's Creed with phones.
76561197967489027,Recommended,243470,10540249,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Cas,I enjoyed playing this game although its badly optimized. Had some crashes and uplay issues the first couple of days. I have not touched the game since i completed the campaign but if they fixed the game to run better its worth a buy when the price drops at least.7.5/10
,Recommended,243470,10541521,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,HUNTER,Game is good. Bugs and bad frame rate kind of ruin it. Patch might help. Don't like Ubisoft.
,Not Recommended,243470,26498195,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Schadenfreude,"Buggy.  Powerful enough machine but crashes, hangs, etc.  Just uninstalling and staying away from this publisher's games."
,Not Recommended,243470,27255644,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,|NaP|,U can't Play
76561198008895419,Not Recommended,243470,13057318,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Aaron,"I like open world games. But this one to me just geats very boring very fast, it could judt be me though."
,Not Recommended,243470,10368410,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Stryder,"This game has horrible optimization and the graphics are not even that great, mediocre story at best, bad vehicle physics and if you are lucky enough to get into any multiplayer games, its incredibly unbalanced.Though i most say that the idea behind the game, that a whole city run by one OS gets hacked, is very interesting and the gameplay isnt bad, this game definitely has its moments and i did enjoy most of my time playing through the campaign BUT i still feel like i was robbed because the multiplayer almost never works.If youre considering buying this game, i would wait a bit till it becomes a bit cheaper or during a steam sale."
76561198047886247,Recommended,243470,29136246,Posted: 8 January,all,cacaopotiron,"Well there is a problem, i can't play vigilante cause the NPC IA is so ♥♥♥♥ed off i have to kill them all ...50+ hours and i don't finished it yet cause i like to drive fast & furious with song loud playing. My kind of craps"
76561198025110559,Recommended,243470,12194373,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,dkapbboy,"Man, F*ck the haters with this game. Its a great game. I've played this game for over 200 hours and I still find it amazing. WARNING though, you need a BEAST rig to play it optimally. I'm talking GTX 770 at LEAST, 8GB RAM at LEAST, and if you have an AMD CPU, don't even bother, it'll eat it alive. You need an Intel for this one."
76561198006179909,Recommended,243470,30307786,Posted: 3 March,all,arado333,"I do have to say that this game took me a little bit to really get into it. At first it could not hold my interest to the point that for the first few missions I really didnt know what was going on story wise, I was just going with the flow. Then I started to pay attention, and I really did get into it. It has some neat little mechanics here and there with the hacking and such, made me feel like I was playing an episode of Person Of Interest haha. I really didnt bother with any of the side quest and I wont go and do them, I dont care for them. But over all, once the story gets going, its pretty solid. The game is a few years old, get it on special if you can like I did. It ran very well for me, but it is a few years old as well. The graphics are pretty good I would say. Only thing I can say that really is not good is the driving, its very sloppy and not done very well. Id give it 7 out of 10. Its a good game to play if you are waiting to go to a dentist appt."
,Not Recommended,243470,12086055,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,XxRedSnakexX,Kind of a let down from Ubisoft. A GTA clone that feels unpolished and uncompleted...5/10
76561198001053245,Not Recommended,243470,23480938,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,AnEveningBotanist,"I really can't say I recommend this game. Aside from frequent crashes, the game doesn't hold my attention. I played for 6 hours, and I only played for that long because I wanted to give the game a chance to pull me in. The upgrades don't really interest me and aren't that useful, the ""hacking"" simply isn't as big a deal as it was made to be, the user interface is clunky and glitchy, the protagonist could not be any less interesting or more difficult to identify with. I will admit, I did not go far into the main story, but I never felt the burning desire to see where the game goes. It seems hypocritical for the main character to fight against crime while hacking the bank accounts and robbing the public he's protecting. Similarly, Aiden (the protagonist) operates with a reckless disregard for the safety of the public and causese theoretically fatal traffic accidents with his ""hacking"" (waving his phone at an electronic).The last little bit of that paragraph is probably more of a pet peeve of mine than a helpful review point, however that pet peeve combined with everything else made the game mostly unplayable for me."
76561198011060845,Recommended,243470,10605483,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,mock_mark2000,Awesome games. I really enjoy the differnet approach this game takes to sneaking around.
,Recommended,243470,31249445,Posted: 19 April,all,In5_----->,"Ehhhh, was a pretty good game but could have been better."
,Recommended,243470,15612721,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Daedric Dave,"After playing this game to near 100% completion I can actually say that using TheWorse's mod, this game is worth buying. The story itself takes over 20 hours and is enjoyable despite the protagonist being a bit boring. The game can look great graphically on high settings using the mod too."
,Recommended,243470,10893440,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,FlameChucks76,"Given the recent climate in the video game world, it can be rather difficult to get a final concensus on something that you were hoping to purchase for quite some time. Hype builds for so long that you are left to wonder whether something will ever properly live to any kind of expectation you may have had. This was my mind going forward when GTA V didn't release on PC before the year's end last year. As time kept nearing for the release of this title, i couldn't help but feel cheated when I heard about the delay that hit near the end of October. So alas we needed to wait, and wait we did until it's arrival in May.Now, it's hard to give this game it's due diligence as much of it's release has been surrounded by controversy. Graphical changes over the course of the last year have left many feeling that game has indeed changed since it's initial showing. I for one am in total agreement over this problem. There is a change in overall quality that seems to be holding this game back from properly realizing it's full potential. Couple that with performance issues on all types of setups and you have yourself a recipe for a game that ultimately falls short of what was expected.I have not finished this game, but I have played through it enough to properly understand what they were going for. It's clear that this title draws inspiration from the Assassins Creed series, granted, maybe not in all of it's fundamentals, but it's core does consist of many attributes that give it that AC feeling. From a game play standpoint, the hacking is it's true differentiating factor, and all in all, it works incredibly well. The world is your playground to expose, and the game allows for many ways to interact without every having to put yourself in harms way. Infiltrating bases tends to devolve into two methods: force or stealth. Your stealth options are plenty to look over, while your force options tend to be fairly obvious.All in all, the hacking method does allow the game to branch out a little and not depend so much on gun play, even though it is handled fairly well. I could do without the slow motion power up, but I can understand why they would add it in there. There is a progression scale that allows you level up your character in many different aspects. From hacking, to driving, and gun play, all aspects of your character are able to be upgrade. All in all, a lot of aspects of Watch Dogs tends to look incredibly similar to any other open world sandbox type of game. The hacking mechanic does help keeps different but it doesn't really stand out enough for you to warrant it any different than GTA or Saints Row.With that said, it's clear that Ubisoft has not yet conquered the ability to create a completley believable world. Taking comparison shots to GTA IV as a prime example of what's become a standard, there really is no comparison in the overall detail between these two game worlds. While the Chicago that Ubisoft has built is incredibly well thought out, there's still not enough *umph* there to really wow me like GTA IV did on the initial run through. As someone who lives in Chicago, it's really cool to see your landmarks represented in game, but still dissapointing to not be able to interact with them to it's fullest ability.At this point I want to start wrapping up this review. It's clear that this game has some good ideas with a decent story of revenge and redemption. However, i don't want to go into details of that in order to avoid spoilers to any potential buyers. At the end of the day, the game offers up a different take on the open world game, and while i do recommend it, i would hold off on purchasing it at full retail price. While the story mode will take a good amount to complete, and there's plenty of sidequests to go through, i can't firmly put a complete recommendation due to the issues that are currently apparent in this game.However, if you want to indulge in the city of chicago and broaden your horizons, you could do a lot worse than Watch Dogs."
,Recommended,243470,10303373,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,buckets,SO ♥♥♥♥ING GOOD
,Not Recommended,243470,17297455,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,AwesomeWhale,Optimization is crappy. I have:i7 4790K @ OC4.5GHz + TridentX 16GB DDR3-2133 CL9 + Asus GTX 980 StrixOn every location is huge input lag. About 1 second delay between using a mouse and reaction on display.The game is unplayable.
76561198149054664,Not Recommended,243470,17296569,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,GamerM314,"There are too many bugs and lags in this game. The gameplay would have been much more enjoyable if the game was more optimised and polished. Also driving is extermy difficult, it is too bad otherwhise the pursuits would have been quite fun.There are many things to do in the game and it has a lot of potential but with the poor performance I couldn't bare playing more than 8 hours."
,Recommended,243470,10280065,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Xilver,"Oh I recommend the game. Ubisoft can go choke on a♥♥♥♥♥♥for shoving that horrible UPlay ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t down the throats of their player base, though."
76561198088739793,Recommended,243470,28080812,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Shrinky,Great Game. Not for everyone but I thoroughly enjoyed.
,Recommended,243470,26432354,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Wauzi4,"After completing the main story I can say, that this is a very nice game. If you like games like Assassin's Creed or Far Cry you will love this game. As known from Assassin's Creed there are many other quest not connected to the main story which I will finish now.After completion of the main story only a progress of 50% ;)"
,Recommended,243470,10502307,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,McBore,"Assassin's Creed meets GTA and there is something about Phones...Unfortunatly not as good as was first promised. Too much hype for this game, I fear.Still, the story is rather interesting, though it is difficult to get immersed in it with the constant side missions popping up, and if you are like me and think ""well.. it's in the area"" you go off and do it.. then another pops up and another and so on and by the time you get back to the main storyline you are sort of like ""Wait.. what is the motivation for doing this again?""Overall, not a bad game.. Playable and somewhat enjoyable. Could do without the Uplay integration."
76561198052741138,Recommended,243470,10313790,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,sachalee82,8.6/10 a good open world to drive around in
,Not Recommended,243470,11381540,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Holiday,Game's boring as all get out. Another whack of cash down the toilet.
,Not Recommended,243470,10397737,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Hottentott👁,This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ The realism is to be laughed of. This game is noth worth the money! DO NOT BUY!
76561198021615249,Not Recommended,243470,10265282,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,conKORD,Don't buy it. Uplay DRM don't allow me even to launch this game.
,Not Recommended,243470,10296450,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,ArfaZero,ubifailubilagubifreazingubinotcrossfireingubicrashtodesktopubinottestingsoftwareubihopeingforpatchubiwaitingawhileforpatchubipissedthatyoupayedsomuchubiwantingarefund
,Not Recommended,243470,10255704,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Luxon,Runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ rain/night/cars 15 sec frame skips
,Not Recommended,243470,12722903,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Generic Name,"As generic as could be, with hacking elements only going as far as ""press Q to hack / explode"" it was a very lackluster experience (Not even going into the clique and generic story)  with awful car physics. Graphically the game does a very mediocre job and thanks to shoddy optimization even on an end game card ultra settings were unavailable.... until the ""E3 Mod"" came along. Overall the game is a dissapointment and presents a very different picture then the advertised product."
,Not Recommended,243470,12746432,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,vianna77,What`s the problem with Ubi? Same thing over and over again!Not recommended!
76561198002326817,Not Recommended,243470,12750859,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,PewpewLazer,"I've never written a review before, but please take my word for it. Do not buy this game, ya its a ton of fun the first week you play it. Beyond that, you want to bash your head into the monitor with how redundant it is, the graphics stuttering and framerate issues, the lag online, the list goes on and on. Severely disappointed with this game, pre-ordered it and haven't touched it since."
,Not Recommended,243470,12744036,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Der Regulator,"Just my Opinion: Seriously aweful. The launch itself pretty much already ruined it for me since I had to wait almost a week to play it after being hyped that much to play a way too easy, repetitive game - wasted money. Sure there may be some interesting features to this game but I really regret buying it :/"
,Not Recommended,243470,12749444,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,KingOfTheGoats,The driving physics in this game make it unplayable.
,Not Recommended,243470,12751059,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,RGrosso,"worst game ever, not worth at all! it sounds like such a good concept but the driving is really bad. trust me you are best not to buy this, £40 wasted i think"
76561198073166943,Not Recommended,243470,12757428,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,paternell,"I wish steam delete that game from  my library, it came with all problems, optimization is a big issue sli stuttering sudden game bugs, memory issue it is not the generation crysis but Ubisoft could do better with the graphic"
,Not Recommended,243470,12764188,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,bobtrees (skinhub.com),Keeps crashing my computer.10/10 best game of the year.
76561198107057782,Recommended,243470,11915524,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,4Shadow,"In all the game was enjoyable and fun but a few things were wrong with it that made the experience less enjoyable. The graphics were not anything special, it all looked like AC2 which is much older than this game. The multiplayer was not even worth trying as it was hard to stay centered and things just didnt make sense sometimes. The campaign(which i have not finished) is good and quite fun if you get into it. The weapons could have been better and more thought out. Stealth macanics were pretty good given that it is a loud game. Driving mechanics were rough but manageable given that driving games should not be played on a PC. Hacking was very fun and thats why most of us bought it, the fact that you could just be this cyber criminal was awesome and that is the best thing is the game. I will now set aside a few things that made the game great. The song feature was awesome and there were not faults in it GOOD JOB UBISOFT. The parkour system they do so well was back and i was so greatful for that GOOD JOB UBISOFT. All of the AWESOME DIGITAL TRIPS that you could do including PILOTING A MOTHA******* SPIDER TANK. Over all the game was over hyped and a bit under done but for the current price ($40) I think that it is quite reasonable. So a last messageIt was not your finest hour Ubisoft."
,Not Recommended,243470,12750108,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,John is Kill,♥♥♥♥♥never runs properly and looks terrible. Ubisoft done ♥♥♥♥ed up good.
76561198127939250,Recommended,243470,17255336,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Josh72112,"Over-all rating 9/10, I know a lot of people complain about the graphics, but honestly, I find them to be quite pleasent, at this point, I don't really look at E3 trailers for gameplay, the super-enhance that stuff. But for what we got, I found it to be great, had a good and interesting storyline, good character development, I know people say the gunfights feel repetitive, but for me personally I never felt like they were repetitive, I have to say my biggest complaint though was the ending.--SPOILERS--Well for one, you didn't ""get the girl"" She got killed in front of you (Clara)Two, you had to abandon your family, for good (Your sister and nephew)Three, some of your ""buds"" betrayed you (Jordi)Four, When you got revenge on Damien FINALLY, it didn't feel good, you didn't get that good and powerful feeling of ""Yes I finally got back at him"" You almost felt a bit guilty, a bit, evil yourselfFifth, the very ending, having to choose whether to kill Maurice or not, I swear, this was one of the hardest decisions I have ever had to make in a video-game, you felt guilty from killing Damien just a few moments ago, that when this pops up, you are at a lost, either run away and leave him there, or kill him, I chose to kill him, he had gone insane, he no longer seemed capable of returning to his ""normal"" self, and it didn't help when you would try to shoot him and he would start to give his little speech, making you feel worse, and it only made it worse for me when I saw the other ending oin youtube, made me feel a thousand times worse for killing him.Even with all of these heart-wrenching moments, it was still a game I throughly enjoyed, however, doesn't have much replayability, I mean, you could go and play online, but it gets a bit boring after a while, but other than this, it was a great game, and I can't wait for the sequal"
,Recommended,243470,10284526,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Olly,Its AMAZING I give it 10/10 but the problem i had with it was it crashed on launch but i then searched the web and found a fix for it so all is good i would reccomend this game to anyone
,Recommended,243470,13436059,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Peter Parker,"Here are some guides from me.+graphics is great and beautiful even it's downgraded+hacking is fun, everything is connected+random events are enjoyable+story is attractive-ubisoft-terrible online system, it's disconnected easily-side missions are more attractive-physics system are non-sensibleAnyway, I still enjoy this game. :D"
,Recommended,243470,13448134,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Jcollyer,"Decent fun story, was hyped way too much for what it is. Still a decent game and worth a play through even if it is a bit difficult to control occasionally."
,Recommended,243470,13856132,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,mojoe,"This game gets  a lot of flack for it's rough launch, but it is honesly a good open world action game.  The world is interesting, the story is relevent (although ubi did seem to try a little to hard to make it relevent), and the gameplay is different than most other games.The missions can be a bit of a mixed bag, with it's fair share of instant fail stelth, but for the most part they are enjoyable and interesting.I mainly like watch dogs because it's a change from the wrote shooter gameplay we've come to know.  It's no gta iv/v, but it's still good.If you have a beefy computer I would definitly recomend downloding the e3 graphics mods.  Truly make the game look amazing."
,Not Recommended,243470,10912920,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,AlexTiming,Game doesn't play. Why pay money for products that don't play?
,Not Recommended,243470,10913997,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,DJPopATittyOut,"Ubisoft has messed up for the last time, lying to us, giving us a horrible game, delaying said horrible game for two years. Boycott, do not buy. it is unreal to me that a game that looks so poor as this one runs so poor on high end systems, give me my 60.00 back, get it herewww.the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.com. 5/10 for cool ideas"
,Recommended,243470,10813326,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Paradox,"Nice, still some bugs to sort out, but overall a nice game. Maybe the price is a bit high..."
,Recommended,243470,10642834,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Crimzon,AMAZING its like Grand Theft Auto but with hacking!
76561198042593073,Not Recommended,243470,13166483,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,PRO_ficient,I never post reviews but I am because of how bad this game is. the problem is not the story but the mechanics. The game is not optimized and runs terrible even on a 1.5 grand gaming pc that runs almost everything on ultra. Here i need to keep most settings on medium and it still has lag. I also run into a display bug they duplicates images in the game and you can see through most objects. Ive had that about 4 times in the couple hours played. I got it on sale for $30 and its not even worth that. This game should have stayed on xbox and playstation because this is again a very bad port. I really mean its bad dont even try it.
,Not Recommended,243470,13195725,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,♕Comet♕,The purchase that made me swear off Ubisoft like an ex addict swears off drugs after a seriously bad trip.
76561198043854981,Recommended,243470,11023452,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Thunder Flash,very good game :)
76561198093187003,Not Recommended,243470,10430126,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Arch,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME: still broken and not fit for purpose,no support from ubisoft,no real update on an fixbasically ubisoft released a  game that does not work but they rubbing their hands together becouse they got our money just like others  game companys ie: ea with there bf series and they know that we can't do jack♥♥♥♥♥♥about it now.DO I RECOMMEND THIS GAME: NO"
,Recommended,243470,10935473,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Ming The Merciless,best game evar !!! so woth your money
,Recommended,243470,11075423,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Nightwing,Love the game have it for computer and ps4 and beat both got to love the whole story line and game play
,Recommended,243470,10268169,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,CouchEy,Watch_Dogs is a simply Amazing game if i would describe the game i would say its :Gta IV but better much and much better with great Main-Missions and sub_MissionsI love it to bits and i would recommend it to everybody:D
76561198074018997,Recommended,243470,28212581,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Kurt Cocaine,"I mean, it's not GTA... But hey, I liked it."
,Recommended,243470,10871017,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,JOHN CENA,เจอได้
,Not Recommended,243470,10437761,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Finnbiff,"Unplayable. The game doesn't even support mouse/keyboard.Another failed consoleport where you can't ♥♥♥♥ing aim. What's the point with guns if you can't aim? If you're interested in knowing exactly what I'm talking about, google; Negative acceleration, mouse acceleration, smoothing and mouselag. This game has it all. Hopefully I will get this♥♥♥♥♥♥refunded.To bad. This game could propably've been fun if not.Also; Uplay."
,Recommended,243470,10259723,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Chrome,Amaizing!
,Recommended,243470,26781388,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MurrmorMeerkat,Not as bad as people say it was over  hyped poorly ported...but...once you got past that...and fixed the graphics..its a wonderful game with a intresting story and some sweet♥♥♥♥♥jams!
,Recommended,243470,10291012,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Ryxus,"This game is so fun.I killed a cop, while getting $10,000 from a bank account.10/10."
,Recommended,243470,14235712,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Tactical,"At first I wasn't sure I wanted to watch dogs. Last time I tried to watch dogs I got arrested for vigorously masterbating in public or something like that..... but I pre-ordered. Once I got into the game, it was easier to watch dogs then ever!  In sleeping dogs, it was boaring to watch them because they were sleeping....but in watch dogs, they are wide awake! And I can watch them all I want because when the cops try and arrest me for public masterbation, I simply turn out the power on the block I am in, run around the corner, wait, and then run back and watch some more! SO EASY! And I can use my completly next gen graphics that wernt handicapped to feel like I am in real life and not not have anything to do after the story is finished!11/10"
,Recommended,243470,10258830,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Ｄｕｐｅｄ,I have a AMD Radeon 7850 and the game runs very smoothly ( I do get more spikes online probably because of ubi's♥♥♥♥♥♥servers) I get the odd lag spikes when loading up a part of the map I have not been. The worst thing about this game is UPlay which sucks I don't know if it redirects you to uplay on origin but If you did not buy this game check first Origin is 1000x better than uplay! Overall fun game played about 6 hours so far :D
76561198071439663,Recommended,243470,11904801,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,rasta cat,i very much dislike the fact that i pre ordered the game gold edition and under a  week of game play it just f***n stops working
76561198019438607,Recommended,243470,10779231,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Yeldarb The Destroyer,"Very good game, its really good for people who like multitasking and spreading their thoughts out. Supports many play styles, for non-lethal stealth to killing anything that moves."
,Recommended,243470,10868404,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,FoxyLover69,"Watch_Dogs is a story of a modern-age Chicago city and its surrounding suburbs. Despite the hyper-connectivity of the ctOS network and assurances from the company behind it, Blume industries; crime runs rampant, ctOS systems malfunction and whistleblowers cry foul. This game is focused on a moral system that reacts depending on the actions of the player. Will you be a dangerous fugitive, or hero of the alleyways?WARNING: Consumers please note that this game contains high levels of violence, nudity, drug use, and extremely foul language. Very little censoring exists in this game, and it adds quite a lot to the atmosphere. If you have read this and still buy the game, you forfeit your right to b*tch about it.NOTE: A large collection of people who have bought this game have had complaints of a ""Stuttering"" problem when it comes to playing the game. I too had this problem, but was able to remedy it with some quick googling and assigning the game high priority for the CPU. Because I was able to fix this issue, it had little impact on my experience and will not be included in the Con's section of this review. This note is here to acknowledge the issue and warn future consumers of it.Pro's:+ Moral system that reacts to the player, and gives the player plenty of choices in the storyline to affect it.+ Realistic and authentic environment and voice acting. Gang wars and serial killer included.+ Randomised environment situations that keeps the player on their toes. Eg. Street muggings, car crashes, murders, arsonists, etc.+ Missions are fun and interesting, they range from intellectual challenges that have you trying to unlock various doors, to infiltrating a gang hideout, to hacking ctOS networks, to racing around the streets (avoiding or plowing through pedestrians, depending on how you play).+ Strong storywriting has the player experiencing the lives of those around them. Allowing the player to immerse themselves into the game and truly connect to the people they interact with. The ending of this game (no spoilers) is very strong and feels satisfying.Con's:- Stopping minor crimes can be a little slow for gaining a reputation as a vigilante. This is likely intentional and isn't really that noticable.- Aiming at helicopters while they're above you is impossible, therefore cannot be disabled while on foot. This is a very irritating mechanic that you will need to avoid. Usually finding a roof of some kind will be enough to protect yourself from the sniper and hopefully make it lower into your range.- Money seems almost TOO easy to come by, but this is little impact on the game, as money is used for replenishing consumables and getting cars in a hurry.Watch_Dogs is one of those games that you have to have a long weekend to play, because once you pick it up, it's hard to put down until completion. Players will be pleased with the dynamic and very authentic environment that tells the player where they are simply by looking around the neighbourhood. With a great variety of missions to undertake and a challenging main storyline, Ubisoft has made a glowing example of how Quest/Mission structures should be done from now on. 9/10, and very much hoping for a sequel."
,Recommended,243470,23775612,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Dubu,sexy
76561198060618701,Not Recommended,243470,11528556,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Nevets,"everyoe knew this game would never live up to the hype, but even though I lowered my expectations I still regret buying this game. Forcing you to use uplay and not working on release was bad enough but the handicapping the game and all the BS that followed makes me want to avoid Ubisoft in general for a while"
76561198061640523,Recommended,243470,10576290,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,mcbenis,10/10 would bang
76561198079502808,Not Recommended,243470,17316533,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Donald the Dank Engine,It doesn't load so i cant even play it :<Cons:UPLAYUPLAYAND UPLAY
,Recommended,243470,23775409,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,THE_BLOBS_RUDE_STEPFATHER,best game ever really fun to play and i love that you can hack in to anything if u have the chance get this game
76561198172275879,Recommended,243470,23477264,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,ButtsAndStuff,"nice so far, havent encountered any game-harming bugs, only funny ones. ;)"
,Recommended,243470,10306255,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,FeddyKen,"Depiste Ubisoft's horrendous care taken for the launch, now that it is a bit more stable, it's a great overall game. The hacking is where it (obviously) shines. The city is not -as- large as GTA titles, sure, but there's more density to it. I've put in quite a few hours since launch, I've beaten the game, and yet there's so much more to explore.It's worth the buy if you want a compelling single player, and lots to do, and multiplayer fun.The cons; Aside the horrible start up since launch, it's gotten better. My BIGGEST problem is not being able to creat parties, then join a online game like Decryption. That's stupid, they preached about ""Hack your friends, play with your friends."" When in reality, you can't JOIN your friend's game, even if they have invasion on. It's always some randomly selected person. That is my biggest problem with the game. It would be MUCH more fun with party support and the ability to join your friends games to mess with them.Again, I do reccomend this lovely title if you can overlook the awful launch, and downright ugly lack of ""friends-multiplayer."""
76561198047084572,Recommended,243470,10264631,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,dontstaybehind,U need to try it!
76561198049986503,Recommended,243470,10269433,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Jafreese Davidson IV,Sexual adiction to musical instrments10/10
76561198059831673,Recommended,243470,10272611,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,gavo,"Great game, but needs better optimization for AMD cards."
,Recommended,243470,10276772,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,boku wa makenai,"Alright, now that I've put seven hours in the game within one session, I can now write a somewhat proper review. Watch_Dogs is a huge, beautiful game where you're a vigilante that stops crimes and whatnot. There's many things to do, like beating the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of an evildoer or play a game with a hobo. Perhaps go on a psychdelic trip, bouncing off of flowers, or maybe go on a rampage with a spider-tank.Even though this sounds badass, I have some gripes about it. One fact is that you'd have to go though Ubisoft's wannabe steam platform that sucks more than a cheap ♥♥♥♥♥. God, I've spent 3 hours trying to get though that just to end up playing offline. Watch_Dogs is meant to be played online, where you can ether hack or be hacked by other players. One other complaint is that its graphics are horribly unoptimized. I mean seriously, I barely ran 20 fps on low, even high end rigs are having trouble getting 60 fps. How do you mess up another hyped up title, Ubisoft? Jeez... Otherwise, this game is amazing, just filled with crap that blocks your way to getting within.tl:dr just wait until Ubisoft decides to fix everything, THEN buy it. Or you could buy it right now to experience choppy gameplay and a platform that doesn't want to do its job."
76561198068193426,Recommended,243470,10281218,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,~,cool
,Recommended,243470,10283015,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Iceman,"Hacked an explosive on a gang member which he decided he should throw at a nearby car which subsequently exploded killing himself and 4 of his fellow gang members. - 10/10Pros:* A very large Chicago to explore* Lots of hackable items throughout the city* Free roam open world (think GTA)* Other players can drop into your Singleplayer game which adds excitement, randomness, and immersion* Story is well done thus far (Only in Chapter One, will update later)* Various collectables and side missions to keep you exploring* Police / faction chases are fun and challenging at times* The game is fairly forgiving which helps make up for some of the vague tutorials that it offersCons:* UPlay - Lots of people having issues with it.* Trying to connect to a multiplayer game can sometimes take forever (if it connects at all - Ubisoft server issues)* Some of the tutorials are a bit vague (as mentioned above) which leaves you having to do trial and error to figure out* Personally, I don't like the fact that the skills related to multiplayer are success based meaning that if you lose notoriety points (reward points from multiplayer / single player invasion success) you can lose your skills.Bottom Line: Watch Dogs isn't for everyone. I think people who enjoy GTA will find it to  be a very fun game. I personally like it a lot and, while it may not be worth the full price of the game, it comes very close. I've now played well over 15 hours and I'm still in Chapter 1 as I've been exploring everything else that is out there other than the story. I'll put more details below if you want to read more.Detailed Review:So on to the  detailed review. Watch Dogs isn't all that I expected it to be but that isn't such a bad thing. I've heard a lot of complaints about the use of UPlay and I'm not a huge fan of it myself. However, we live in a day and age where DRM has become a reality (Yes a VERY unfortunate one) and UPlay has given me minimal issues in comparison to others. Now for what really matters; the game.To me, Watch Dogs feels kind of like a high tech version of GTA. Once you skill up a bit (which is incredibly easy to do) almost everything in the worldl is hackable that is electronic. That means everything from vending machines, car alarms, and cameras  to traffic signals, trains, and even police helocopters are prime targets. You can get rich extremely fast hacking people's bank accounts via their cell phones and then going to an ATM and exploiting it to gather the funds. There are plenty of side missions to perform and collectables to find. And they aren't your simple little ""open the chest"" kind of collectables. Some require quite a bit of intution to ""think outside the box"" so that you can achieve your various goals. There is plenty to keep you hacking to your hearts content.Thus far I'm still on Chapter 1 of the actual story as I've just found myself free roaming the world obtaining new cars to purchase from the Cars on Demand phone app, exploring the side missions, and checking out the ""Check In"" spots throughout the city. One feature that adds a bit of excitement to the game is the constant chance of someone dropping into your game. As you go around living your care-free hacker life, some of the people you upset may put a bounty on you. The kicker is that this bounty isn't for your head, but rather for your information. Sometimes they want someone to  tail you and others they are wanting someone to hack into your equipment for the information. Either way, these  bounties are carried out by other players who will ""invade"" your single player game at any given moment (you will be notified). It is then your job to track that person down and kill them. You can also join in on the fun by accepting contracts for other players and attempting the same.I've not actually tried any of the multiplayer content yet due to the vast number of reports of server issues. I have to say that this is yet another issue that so many games are plagued with when they first launch so I can't really find this to be a huge con. I guess its better you have server issues from the mass number of people attemting to login rather than empty servers from the lack of players. I will update the review more once I get a chance to play on some of the various modes.I have had a few frustrations from the game. Some of the tutorials were vague and not very helpful in my opinion. I had to kind of play and use trial and error to figure out what was supposed to be done or the intended goals of a situation. Luckily, except for notoriety points (rewards for the multiplayer and single player ""drop in"" games) the game is fairly forgiving if you do screw up which I have done often.  As I mentioned above, this is not the case with notoriety points. You can use them to unlock skills similar to the skills obtained in the single player game. However, the difference with notoriety points is you don't have a choice what skill unlocks as they are based on the number you have acquired and the skills unlock in a linear fashion. The bad part is you can lose those notoriety points if you make mistakes and you fail to stop indruders in your game or you are spotted and killed if you are invading someone else's game. Again, I've not tried the actual multiplayer modes  so I do not know how it works there yet and I will update once I have done so.In the end, I personally feel Ubisoft has created an enjoyable experience. I personally am an explorer type and so I throughly enjoy all of the collectables and the history of the city of Chicago which can be read at the various ""check in"" points throughout the city. While this game is definately not for everyone, I think that most will find the game enjoyable  and worthy of the time and money. If you don't like GTA's open world style gameplay, Watch Dogs might not be for you. And if you don't like the price, you can  always wait for a Steam Sale :-)If you've read this far then I sincerely hope this review has helped you. I was skeptical of this game and Ubisoft's past history with games, but I have found myself enjoying Watch Dogs and I hope you will too. Thanks and game on!"
,Recommended,243470,10290528,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,annaheim,"UghhEDIT:** Free roam and open world is more than what Watch_Dogs is all about. This game has opened a whole lot new potential of what open world/free roam games can integrate into gamer experience. Although other game reviewers mentioned the big gaping hole of disconnectivity between the protagonist and the gameplay plot, I really think in my honest opinion that this was deliberately done to truly give the players the level of experience of what being a vigilante is all about.You are an all seeing eye. An indeceptible persona between every person, in every connection, behind towering, invisibile walls of information. In a city being run on an operating system, everything is within your reach. Every piece of information you seek, and even those you shouldn't be taking a peek in.In spite every features and exploit the player is capable of accessing, this in return gives the level of disconnectivity in every moment the player taps into a random npc, and even the campaign.The level of detail and specificity in this game is amazing. But that doesn't mean we can disregard how poorly this game is implemented on the PC. The poor optimization of the game will make it somehow difficult to enjoy the features and details in game. Wobbly driving, object and npc ridiculous popping in game, and even the amount of detail can somehow be regarded as it makes the gameplay expirience very cluttered due to the massive FPS drop.All in all, this game is not terrible. To be honest, this game is very very good in its own way. Despite the massive issues the game and uplay was facing on the first day of its release. Ubi has managed to make this game tap into that level of player experience that no other game has offered. Very interesting. Mildly annoying. Brilliant."
,Recommended,243470,10307034,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,unpopular dex,It's like Grand Theft Auto 4 but this time you can change some street lights.
76561197972374027,Recommended,243470,10352634,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Riventil,"Flawed but fun.I don't like Uplay and had some difficulty getting the game to run initially but once I got that sorted out the game is fun.  The Uplay rewards I unlocked never showed up in game.  I haven't had much luck with the online aspects of the game either, I was invaded once but never managed to find the guy hacking me and the 2nd time I got invaded I ran around for a few seconds looking before I received an error that Uplay had a network error and the event ended unfinished.  I imagine they'll patch and fix these problems eventually but it's worth mentioning its buggy.The actual game play is fun and works well for the most part. Spying on people, hacking their bank accounts, and driving around the city like a demented homicidal mad man is all good fun.  The combat is more tactical than other similar games which I enjoyed.  You hide, hack some cameras to see where your enemies are at and decide how to best deal with them.  In some cases I was able to accomplish my goal without firing a bullet.  Other times I enjoyed just blowing everything up.  The game is very good about letting you approach a situation and dealing with it your own way. Not just one right way.  If you fail and try again it’s random enough that it won't play out the same on your next attempt.  For the most part the game runs fine but there were a few times when he game slowed down and got really choppy.  Restarting the game fixed it.  On one occasion I fell though the floor after respawning and since I was stuck in a perpetual falling motion I had to quit out and restart the game.My biggest complaint about the game is its plot. The main story line itself is fine but it doesn't mesh with the game play elements.  They try to play you up like a hero, you can stop other criminals and become a vigilante the city's people support meanwhile your robbing peoples bank accounts, spying on their personal lives just for fun, stealing their cars and most likely causing a great deal of civilian casualties.  You end up saving people and stopping crimes just to balance out the evil acts you caused.  It ends up feeling more like a PR stunt to maintain the public's support rather than really caring.  Then there are the side missions.  They could have been really interesting but they're not.  It all feels completely random.  You hack someone’s phone to get a random voice or text message that puts a dot on your map.  When you go to the dot it has another random event unrelated to the mini-story that led you there and when you accomplish your goal there's no follow up or conclusion to your success.If you’re an avid gamer Watch Dogs is a fun game.  If your time/funds are more limited and only buy a couple games per year there are better games out there more deserving."
76561198016960371,Recommended,243470,10477480,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,DarthVader,best  game  ever
,Recommended,243470,10252324,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Monty.Joseph,I've hacked signing fish. 10/10
,Recommended,243470,10253008,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,All Systems Nominal,"barrett m107a1CQB, that will be all"
76561198098625942,Recommended,243470,10260418,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,zwerte meppen,"i do have amd components in my pc but i only had 1 problem starting the game for the first time the second time it all went great 20 secs and i was in ok i am not a great fan of uplay in fact i hate them if they had no watchdogs, trials or assassin's creed i would delete it instantly.so watchdogs 10/10 uplay 1/10 the game is great."
,Recommended,243470,10261786,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Unknown_user,"12 hours into it and ive barely done anything so i already know its a game that will keep me entertained for a long time,apart from some issues logging in on the first day everything has been fine, game is solid and decent. Its also the most alive open world city ive experienced in a game before, where the addition of being able to wander the streets and look into peoples lives with hacking is an experience i havent found in a game before.game play wise hacking is your best weapon able to do everything from hack peoples private phone calls to changing street lights to making things explode, although combat is decent but pretty average for a third person shooter and driving is pretty decent as well although a tad floaty for my liking"
,Recommended,243470,10279684,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,KaiDavis,"Best game I've played in a long time, no bugs or crashes for me, the only bad thing is when driving frame rate goes right down. I have a GTX 760 and it plays well on high settings until you drive. Defo recommend this game"
,Recommended,243470,10281223,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Rojax,Jogo muito bom e divertido !
,Not Recommended,243470,10320309,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Chris,"Alright, let's face the facts here; it wasn't worth the wait. After they pushed the release back, it raised our expectations; more time to work on it, less buggy, right? Not even close. As if the plot wasn't dumb enough, they gave this to us with way more than nine-thousand bugs. Choppy animation, weird visual glitches, that kinda stuff. This was a ""sooner or later"" type of case. Earlier release means more bugs, delayed means less. I wasn't impressed with their descision. And as for the plot which I earlier referred to as dumb, I don't need to say much on this; an entire city running on one operating system is the worst idea I've ever heard of. The game is proof of this; you're a hacker, who gains access to the system and can control everything. Which is exactly what would happen in real life, or an any situation where ctOS exists. Need I say more?"
,Recommended,243470,10320946,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Atreyu4800,"Its a really fun game. It's worth the $60 to me though I guess I'm one of the lucky few who's system runs it with little to no problems at launch. I'm running a gtx 780, 4770k and 16gb of ram. It does need a patch or two, but overall the game is entertaining and I find the hacking to be fun"
,Recommended,243470,10321544,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,WskOsc,"Lets get everyone's favourite sticking point out of the way first; Aiden Pearce is the colour beige in human form. He is a boring, bland, bromidic, brooding bollock of a man. He is not interesting, likable or engaging in any way. He consistently makes the worst choices in any given situation where control is taken away and proclaims to be protecting those he loves while simultaneously going out of his way to put them in danger, ignoring sound advice and even desperate pleas.Of course there's the opposite view, that Aiden is a driven man seeking to right a wrong done to his family in the past, but even that wrong is his fault. It's impossible to hate the villains of the piece when the main character and all his acquaintances are thoroughly unlikeable ♥♥♥♥♥.So, back to the usual review format then, shall we? First up is gameplay. Short story: It's a cheap GTA clone where you can push buttons from a distance. Long story: the gameplay is solid but repetitive, the controls are slick and simple, responsive and accurate once mouse smoothing is disabled in the config file. One outstanding aspect of the gameplay is how the camera doesn't snap or lag behind turns when driving but instead remains entirely mouse controlled, giving the driving a feel that even GTA and Saints Row games lack.Repetition however rapidly sets in when partaking in side missions, distractions and deluxe edition/DLC missions. There's only a handful of tasks present throughout the campaign; tail this guy, knock this guy out, kill this guy, drive here, play with some cameras, hack this, hack that and that about sums up all of the available tasks. Throughout the campaign you'll end up doing each of these tasks a dozen or more times each and the side missions rapidly become grating when they ask you to keep repeating the filler.Graphics stand up to modern standards but aren't anything special. The city is believable and pedestrians have enough physical models to not destroy the illusion on busy streets. Cars are plentiful and effects such as blackouts, exploding steam pipes beneath street and actual explosions are all moderately believable and entertaining but fail to be anything special. Perhaps the largest let-down then is the performance of the game when Antialiasing is enabled to a significant degree, even on a top-end gaming machine anything higher than 2x AA brought the engine to its knees with anything but a wall filling the screen and even on lower settings stutters, momentary lock-ups and outright glitches are fairly common. On one mission in particular, about two-thirds of the way into the campaign I found myself driving what appeared to be a crimson tesseract. My car wasn't even red and dibs on the awesome band name.Speaking of glitches, the physics engine isn't the most cooperative. Occasionally taking a sharp turn at high speed caused my car to enter into a breakdancing competition, spinning so fast it appeared to generate its own pull enough to draw in other vehicles and debris from the surroundings. Other times your flimsy sports car can hit a wall at 100 miles an hour and be barely scratched while slightly nudging a chain link fence in a truck may cause you to explode like the world's most inept car bomber.While driving, any vehicle you take the wheel of also appears to turn into a bulldozer against civilian vehicles but God forbid you actually try to throw your weight around against hostile vehicles, the game expects you to take your licks until the opportunity presents itself to deliver a take down in the form of convenient traffic lights of bollards that you can remotely activate. Neat segway... wooOOoo!Hacking in Watch Dogs is largely just holding the 'hack' key to remotely activate various objects in the world. There's a decent, if limited selection of things to play with and the small selection enables you to keep track of what everything will do without having to stop and think. However, hacking while driving becomes redundant unless the game gives you a ""Neutralise"" opportunity where you mash the hack key in a split second to make someone crash their car.Hacking bollards is pointless since they're always down, garage doors provide a useful way to escape from cops or access vehicles easily but traffic lights and steam vents provide nothing more than a chance to make driving around Chicago more difficult than it has to be. Activating the traffic lights without a neutralise opportunity popping up is akin to a child smashing two Hotwheels cars together, you do it because in your mind there'll be a cool crash but in reality it's a couple of stiff models banging ineffectually into each other like an awkward Transformers sex scene.There's another hacking mechanic where you solve maze-like doodads by rotating stuff to let power or data or whatever the blue♥♥♥♥♥♥on the white lines represents to get to a goal node but it's simple, unengaging and uninventive.Sound design is almost as bland as Aiden, with some hacking sequences accompanied by the muted, grating sounds of a tortured dial-up modem. Most of the cars sound like lawnmowers and the bikes are especially vile perpetrators with a top-speed sound akin to a malfunctioning fluorescent light bulb being piped through an amplifier. Guns are equally unimpressive, with generic firing sounds that at once feel very familiar but unplaceable, they're just bland and lacking any kind of well, bang.The final nail in the sound design coffin is more of a personal choice but the musical assortment is full of pop, hip hop and other trashy genres that only serve to irritate rather than engage. Aiden does not seem like the kind of man who would listen to Wu-Tang Clan, or any of the songs on offer for that matter. In the whole soundtrack I found three songs that were to my personal liking and of those three only one was actually something I wanted to hear more than once.Online functionality has been broken for a good portion of my playthrough but I got into a few contests with other players. The objective was to simply play a game of hacker cat and mouse with the invader finding the hosting player, initiating a hack and then attempting to avoid detection. In the times I was the invader I admit I got a few laughs out of slinking low in my car-seat while the host frantically ran past several times trying to find me and as the host I took quite a bit of satisfaction from finding the invader and gunning them down while they run for their lives.That satisfaction is short lived though, the online modes are limited and barebones and I never wanted to actually seek them out again after taking a couple of shots at each role no matter how much the little pop-up at the side of the screen (wrongly named Online Profiling, it didn't seem to profile me at all, it just ignored that I kept refusing its suggestions) kept pestering me.Before giving a final verdict I would like to address the deluxe edition's additional missions and their boasts of ""20 minutes extra gameplay"" etc. Taking ""Signature Shot"" as an example sure there's 20 minutes but 18 of them are following a slow-driving car and 2 minutes of them are sneaking up to a box and taking the contents before walking away. There's no shot, no signature and no reason to buy an edition that includes the extra busywork.Conclusion: Watch Dogs isn't bad. It isn't good. It's just there. All the hype building up to the release may have contributed to the overall letdown but that's no excuse for being boring. To borrow, and twist a popular phrase - Watch Dogs is all filler no killer. The supposedly ultra-cool moments fall flat throughout, characters are unlikable, weapons, driving, missions and sounds are busywork and unengaging. The plot is full of unresolved threads, contrivances that are at odds with the availability of information and vice-versa and people and places most players likely won't care about.Watch Dogs scores 5 out of 10 shades of brown."
76561197987381380,Not Recommended,243470,10329581,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,FarscapeSDC,"Watch Dogs is a pretty decent game... when it actually works. This game has been hyped to oblivion and quite frankly it fails to deliver on every account. This is not unnexpected, as once something as been hyped to the level this was nothing will ever be good enough to fulfill the promises of its creators.It is by no means 'bad' however, but it is not excellent, nor is it even great, it is merely good.Technical issues are the main thing holding this game back. Graphic optimisation is terrible, leading to sub-par performance on even powerful machines, but that is not the major technical failing. It may just be my computer configuration, but I have found that I cannot even play the game without re-installing my graphics driver every time I start the computer, otherwise it just crash immediately upon launch, forcing me to CTRL-ALT-DEL out of the solid black screen to close the program manually.Gameplay wise...For a game many envisioned as a stealth game, there are far too many guns. I don't need to carry four different handguns, three machine pistols, two submachine guns, three assault rifles, four sniper rifles, and four shotguns, AS WELL as frag grenades, remotely-detonated explosives and proximity mines, all at once. I have used the bog-standard pistol for most of the game with no problem, and only when things get a little hairy do I whip out my favourite shotgun. All the other guns are just cluttering up the inventory.Cars are nice to look at but they all feel too floaty, like the tires have little to no grip, making high-speed driving interesting but occasionally very frustrating.The story is acceptable. Not excellent, but not terrible.I would give this game a 7/10... when it works. As it stands, I would rate this game as a 1/10 due to the unnaceptable technical issue of the game failing to even launch on my machine without me having to re-install the driver. That is not acceptable in 2014. If you're thinking of buying Watch_Dogs, wait a few weeks or months until the technical issues are worked out. That is, IF they ever get worked out.It's been a week, Ubisoft, get your head out of your♥♥♥♥♥♥and patch this crap. It didn't take Creative Assembly this long to patch Rome II, and their game was bigger than yours."
76561197960530169,Recommended,243470,10317950,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Bucko,"Great game, hacking others online is big fun.  Performance is acceptable, I have to turn some settings down but it plays fine and looks great.  No crashes here.  I think those having problems didn't notice recommended specs.Supposedly there is a performance patch coming soon.  I'm happy with the game as-is.  Addictive."
,Recommended,243470,10319603,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Saucey Boss,AMAZING!!!!! worth your money
76561198121445244,Recommended,243470,10320515,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,DrHoeRoe,"Very very fun and addicting so far very day I just wanna play more and haven't got bored of it yet! Although it is a little bit repetitive it is still very fun and will be for the rest of the game. The controls work almost perfectly for except when you are running away and you hold tab to get weapons in your inventory it brings you to the steam clipboard., which is really annoying when you are being shot at because when you close it your character freezes for a few seconds and could get you killed. Graphics are pretty good. Car driving and chases gets a little boring but it's still mostly fun. And I have had no issues with the performance or uplay. I have an intel core i7 4700mq processor and a nvidia geforce gt 755m and it runs smoothly can play it on high no problem but at ultra gets a little choppy."
,Not Recommended,243470,10316122,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Slayn Fayt,"This review is currently due to the errors in regard to what has happened. A full review cannot happen with efficiency due to Uplay affecting the performance and the so called errors regarding distribution about Directx from many including myself. I will state this simply, if you don't have the graphics card do not buy it. Some will ask and say as many do such as myself that we should be able to. Yeah if you put the time, sadly not many do however I rate this down not because of gameplay because even now it has caused great matters of me wasting time and space for something that will not run. I understand graphics are important and such on but mine met the requirement and even checked out it worked but it still says incompatible. YOu have windows 7 and 8 users able to but many 7 users cannot and are doing work around which I repeat are the few only steps we can play it on. Sure you took our money for a game we wanted and because we looked forward to it even after the hard stuff that happened with one of the artists dying and similiar feel scenario to True Crime Hong Kong then turned Sleeping Dogs. If you want me to change my review, please correct many issues and compatability. I am sorry to say that this isn't something that will sell if it comes down to people forcing them to buy stuff that they already have. To be honest people, if you have the other console versions. Buy that one. Do not waste your money because they made a bad call which will hinder their sales. You want to play it fine, but I believe it is the better choice if you have a console that can play it than have a game you bought but cannot play. I mean honestly, I can understand ubisoft with their servers and a client. However using uplay for this even for just a story and not online mode is just plain foolish. I am not going to touch this game until many have been resolved and this review stands on it. I will not edit it, more than likely will buy or play the copy with or by my friend. Simply put, bad try on PC and steam. I know its a good game but if the PC can't have it, you just denied yourself a lot of people on international sales. I am just leaving this here as my own two good senses, I believe the problem was the plan and layout of how it goes and you all are still suffering with updates. If you can make Dynasty Warriors Complete Edition with Graphics available on Steam for both PS consoles and PC, I believe you can too. If not, and you are in for the money, just expect us not to have a lot of fun. I will be doing a review on the console version soon to help solidify the justice on the gameplay. As for here, it's a no go of a show."
,Recommended,243470,10317984,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,cbmuniversal,"I just got Watch Dogs and I can't stop playing it!  I really like the hacking mecahnic.  I thought it would just be a gimick, but it works really well.  I have a high-end system, so I have minimal problems, but I definitly experience the occasional stutter on High settings.  Even with my Intel Hexa-Core and my 780ti, I couldn't play at ultra.  That aside, I think that this is a very fun game, and I have had more fun in my 10 hours playing this, than my entire time playing GTA4.  I would definitly recomend it."
,Recommended,243470,10318060,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Scobo03,"I haven't really had a problem playing with this game.  It is fun, but the gameplay and the main guy needs a little work."
,Recommended,243470,10316666,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,VoltageDelta,2CHAINZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ0/10Good Game
76561198007691768,Recommended,243470,10317358,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,<UGA> Demon,"What a game I think its way better than any gta game by far, brill graphics and the the stuff you can do e.g hacking traffic light barriers bridges and networks, what a game"
,Not Recommended,243470,10318418,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,swaharp96,I can't even launch it. I'm so dissapointed in another ♥♥♥♥♥♥ PC launch title. The pirates win but the people who actually paid lose.  Stop with the DRM♥♥♥♥♥♥ It ruins good games. People are going to torrent 50 GB worth of content to avoid paying 50 dollars. Adding online DRM just pisses off the paying customer. Stop it Ubisoft. Fix your ♥♥♥♥ing game.
76561197992596330,Recommended,243470,10318631,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Deaf2heart,"Great game, bad controlls. Any PC game in this day and age that doesn't pause game with the steam overlay is poorly designed for PC.Still fun hacking other people."
,Not Recommended,243470,10318643,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Scaramouche,"I'll try to make this review as helpful as possible for those people who really want to get this game. Be aware that this review contains spoliers.Graphics-6/10-The game is by no means a bad looking game, but it falls far short of what the 2012 trailer had most of us hoping for. Textures for cars and buildings are ok, but some of the stuff in pawnee is downright awful. Rocks look like grey blobs and characters other than the main cast are poor. Cutscenes are nice, but sadly we can't play anything in those.Gameplay-4/10-There are 4 main parts of the gameplay, so I guess I should go over each one in order of how much it happens.Combat-Combat in this game is okay to say the most. It takes a lot of ideas from Ghost Recon and Assassins Creed. The shooting mechanics are okay, but the lack of weapons to use really starts to drag about 7 hours in. Most of the weapons are useless anyways, as even the gun you get at the start of the game is capable of killing most any enemy in one headshot. Headshots are the only really effective way of getting kills anyways. With the silenced 1911, in my opinion the best gun in the game, it takes only 1 headshot to kill most any enemy in the game, but with body shots it takes 2-5 mags. Combat by itself gets a 5/10.Driving- This ties with combat as the thing that you do the most in this game. Ubistoft probably should have spent more time on it. The cars are floaty and handle mostly the same(sports cars and economy cars handle mostly the same and speed isnt to different), and take little damage from obstacles. Motorcycles are more fun but suffer the same problems. Of the time I've palyed this game, I probably spent at least 30% of it driving from place to place. 3/10.Hacking- Seeing as this game is centered around a hacker, you'd think that hacking would be the thing you'd do the most. It might of been the way I went through the game, but hacking never really helped me or harmed me, and I only found myself hacking when the game required it. There are only about 10 hacks in the game, and none of them are game changing. Not even the blackout. 3/10.Crafting- Boring. Don't use it. Limited in what you can make and you can by all the craftable items from shops or just find them throughout the game. 2/10.Story- The story of the game mainly revolves around Aiden grieving for the loss of his niece. He finds the killer, and unlike any other human being on the planet, doesn't kill him(yet). He hands him over to the best character in the game(who btw you only see 4 more times), and then you go on a rampage of death and destruction through the city. All over the loss of his niece. One person. One. The story only starts to pick up around act 3, and quickly slows down again to grieving about the loss of his niece. It's painful to play through the story, and even some of the sidequests have better storys. 3/10.In conclusion- I'd give the game a 4-5/10. It ends up being a poor Gta clone with less content, worse characters, and a poor story. Definetly not a 60 dollar game, probably only about a 30 dollar game. Pick it up if you really want to, but it's going to be very few people cup of tea."
76561198080597994,Recommended,243470,10318798,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,NEPHEW HARDERBEANIE,amashing
,Not Recommended,243470,10318819,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Rusty,"How many of us, time and again, have anticipated a game, heard the hype (even if we didn't watch any or at least all of the previews of it) and found ourselves getting it on launch (or close to it)? How many of us have then played it only to be disappointed when the game doesn't meet up with the expectations the hype gave us?As with so many others, I find myself disappointed with this game. The game is not terrible per se. However it is also far from the amazing experience the hype wanted us to believe it was going to be.The missions (both side and main) quickly get repetitive. The stealth is similar to Assassin's Creed ""sneak and don't get caught"" type missions. There are also limited checkpoints on some missions. So, expect a lot of annoying repetition if you're not good at stealth or just not good at this game's stealth in missions where getting caught is an instant fail.If you go for combat rather then stealth, well, let's just say the combat isn't all that much fun in my opinion. While there is an upgrade to decrease the damage bullets do to you, even with said upgrade, you can still die pretty quickly.There are some missions where you need to take out a target (or more then one). There are plenty where as soon as you get close to the target (or final target), said target will flee, often jumping into a car and triggering a car chase. While one might ask ""why not just shoot him?"", there are missions where you must do a non-lethal takedown. This leads me to the next point.Driving is annoying. As odd as it sounds, you cannot shoot while driving. You can however use your hacking to set off traps for pursuers (or people you're pursuing) in the form of traffic lights and other things. Sometimes it works like a charm and you take your targets) down quickly. Other times, it can seem like a nightmare where you simply cannot catch a break.Enemies drivers are very good at evading and will try to trick you by seeming to be heading to turn one direction only to go in another. They can and will avoid pileups and other cars with precision driving that gets into eye rolling territory at times. Enemy cars that are after you (sometimes they will come in defense of a car you're chasing) are very persistent and will ram you and can overall be very annoying. While it does make sense when you're dealing with highly trained enemies, there are times when more realistic doesn't mean more fun. This however, is a matter of opinion.Failing using traps to stop pursuers, you can escape just by breaking line of sight and getting out of a wanted type circle. Again, sometimes this goes well, other times, it seems almost impossible.The various forms of hacking are interesting but they do get repetitive.One example is being able to hack into one camera and then another from there and another etc. to break into whatever. It's a cool concept. However, it too gets repetitive.Another example is trying to find ways to unlock doors in order to gain access to an objective. Sometimes it involves using cameras to get line of sight with a box you then hack. Other times, it involves Assassin's Creed style climbing with plenty of both. Again, it's a cool idea but when you're doing it for umpteenth time, it starts getting annoying.However, it feels like something that I would have gladly done without if they'd instead spent time on making the combat (perhaps give more non-lethal options) better, the missions more varied and the driving controls better.It's not that the game is terrible. Watch_Dogs is an okay to good game with moments of greatness but also moments of being at times really annoying and/or meh as well as a lot of repetition.The controls are okay but nothing special. I used a game pad to play. A mouse and keyboard however should be all right.As with so many other games however, I don't think this game could ever have lived up to the hype.Everyone's experiences and opinions will naturally vary. Some will love the game, some will despise it, many will be somewhere in between.If you haven't bought Watch_Dogs, I recommend waiting for a Steam sale or if the option is open to you, first playing it at a friend's house to be sure if this game is for you.In short, to be honest, my experience with this game is they focused too much on the concept of hacking as a gimmick and built the game around that.I think that's where Watch_Dogs fails. Instead of worrying about building a world and game around a gimmick, they should have build it around what I think is the most important thing for any game to be: fun."
,Recommended,243470,10319210,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,A Majestic Nolo,"An amazing game with a stunning new Graphics Engine built just for the game. The story line touched my heart in every way possible, It made me feel like I was the character and the character had a purpose. Id say its worth the price, and if you go to fast youll get attatched to every one and every thing inside this game. With amazing plot  twists that  absolutly blew me away.I recommend this game for some with Emotion, Dovotion, and someone whos looking for all the action there is. Because in Watch_Dogs it even gets better than that."
,Recommended,243470,10319311,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Mr. O' Foxy,"You're a guy with a phone, a gun, and no moral code. You are not a gangbanger with a lovable mom, who happens to be a helicopter pilot, and an expert in mixed martial arts. In the ways it is not GTA, it has made unique impressions on the open-world game world.Needless to say this is likely the last full priced game I will buy for a very long time, my last hold-out might be GTA V, as that also has things in it I'd like to play. But this game is not worth 60 dollars, had it cost 50, I would have told you to still wait, untill it went on say for less than 40. It is a good game, good story, good looks, however it is not polished, the GUI system is not intergrated for the PC, and it's painfully obvious. They cut corners, plain and simple, and someone dropped the ball on a game that could have easily have cemented itself as a classic title."
76561198017781543,Recommended,243470,10319391,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,☠|Toxic|☣,"YES! i reccomend this game to anyone, got some bugs but completely playable!I would write a longer review but gotta get back to playing! YES YES!"
,Recommended,243470,10268302,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,J0cas,"The game is cool, it´s funny and well done. A lot of people says bad things about it but i played for like 5 hours and its cool for me and it doesnt have a billion of bad things, just some bugs and♥♥♥♥♥♥that will probably be patched. For people who want to buy this game because of dogs, dont buy it, its a scam, there is no dogs. ♥♥♥♥ Uplay."
,Recommended,243470,10311489,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Faqqin Faq,Very fun game to play if you want fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play that are fun games to play. 10/10 Would hack again.
76561198096187216,Recommended,243470,10358989,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,XGeneral_BondX,"An amazing game with spectacular shooting, dynamic driving, and profound physics."
,Recommended,243470,10971259,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,PisspoTato,Great game with a pretty well made storywaiting for the sequel/dlc for a new city
,Recommended,243470,10248768,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Q.,"+++++++++Well once I fixed the game I highly recommend it, it does have some minor details regarding physics that could be improved, but overall the game is quite enjoyable and although it has not yet fully satisfied the $70 price, I am confident that it will do so by the end of the main storyline. The graphics are stunning which is a huge plus for me. Overall I give this game a 9+'s of 11.FOR THOSE HAVING TROUBLE WITH GRAPHICSAMD JUST RELEASED ITS BETA 14.6 DRIVER WHICH IS REQUIRED TO PLAY WATCHDOGS (ubisoft fail :P)IF YOU HAVE DUAL/SWITCHABLE GRAPHICS CARDS YOU **MUST** ONLY USE ONE!!! IF YOU HAVE SWITCHABLE SPECIFICALLY YOU MUST TURN OFF THE INTEGRATED CARD **IN THE BIOS** AFTER UPDATING YOUR AMD CARD!!NVIDIA HAS ALSO RELEASED A **REQUIRED** BETA DRIVER TO RUN WATCHDOGS!*****PREVIOUS REVIEW BEFORE FIX*****490 of 654 people (75%) found this review helpfulNot Recommended17 hrs last two weeks / 17 hrs on recordI've played 1.5 hours in 5 minute intervals because the game continously crashes. I have a high end performance rig with plenty of everything to spare with all of the latest and greatest drivers. I have tried EVERY known way of fixing the issues to absolutely no avail. I wish I could get my $70 back. SAVE YOUR MONEY! DO NOT BUY!Posted: May 27 @ 12:28am10 CommentsSupreme Leader of North Korea 35 minutes agoI thought I smelled dirty capitalism...Spiral01 8 hours agoIt really stinks that PC owners got the shaft along with the short end of the stick with watch dogs, damn, why wont these companies make a game that works? I guess they do not really value the dollar any more, terrible!+TNT+ Colonel Rogue 12 hours agoI have no failure to optimize, the game is not working because of a fault in its programming for AMD. Please do not post comments that offer no input into the problem and only serve to misguide customers.Neilsporin 16 hours agoMy setup is less powerful than yours and I can run it just fine on ultra. Please don't write reviews based on your failure to optimize.Spiral01 May 27 @ 5:26pmI use Nvidia and with all these issues, I will not support garbage. AMD/NVidia, no matter which one you buy, PC games should work for both, period. UBISOFT will not get one red cent from me, thanks for the honest reviews guys. I did infact watch some YouTube game play videos and frankly, the game looks boring!+TNT+ Colonel Rogue May 27 @ 5:04pm16g RAM 4.1gHz Ivy 6g VRAM Better ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥?eXistenZ May 27 @ 2:39pm""a high end performance rig""Yeah thats absolutly clear and helpfullAcewings May 27 @ 12:44pmSame issue. I can't get past 5 mins in the game without a crash or BSOD or Freeze.W3 Are The Meta May 27 @ 2:14amI went out for the midnight lunch then came home installed the game to find the 1. I could have gotten a way better deal on steam and 2. That if you're using AMD (which I am) this game is pretty much inplayable with out getting majorly stressed out :( i feel your pain budDubstep Enderson L.L May 27 @ 2:08amIs your graphics card AMD? This game is optimized for Nvidia graphic cards and is not good for AMD card.Thank you to all of those who commented."
76561197994895106,Recommended,243470,10284051,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Heimer,"Play it cool and stealthy, or just shoot anything that moves. This game is challenging no matter how you play it. I am using a AMD 955 BE cpu which is just above the minimum cpu recommendation. For a video card I am using a 560 GTX ti 2gb card along with 8gb system ram. The only issue I am having with the gamplay is gfx stutter while driving the faster vehicles.Pay close attention to the recommended hardware listed or you are wasting your money. You are better off upgrading your PC at this point if you do not meet the minimums. This game is intense on your rig and your eyes. A must recommend game if your rig can handle it."
,Recommended,243470,10281215,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Hobo Healy,"What... A... Game.First off, I'd like to mention that I do understand a lot of people are having issues with playing the game. Including lag, stuttering and crashes. These are being looked at by Ubisoft and will hopefully be resolved soon. In the meantime, do NOT assume that just because you have what's to be considered a ""good PC"", that you can play this game with everything maxed out to Ultra.My settings are 1080p, with all a mix of Ultra/High details, SMAA Temporal, v-sync off and frame buffer set to 2.GTX670, FX-8350 CPU, 8GB RAM, W7 64bit.Now onto the actual review.The game starts with a scene that sets up the story. It's very beautifully done, looks great and really shows off the games style really well.The game absolutely looks stunning, really, truly stunning. It's great. Player models are very nice, and textures are crisp. What really amazes me is the shaders, they really make the game pop to a whole new level.As for the storyline and campaign mode, the story sets itself up nicely at the start as I mentioned, and gets really heavy really quick. Some might find it a bit cliche and bland, but I personally thing it's rather good.The shooting mechanics can be a little awkward, with aiming and recoil present to throw your aim off as you shoot. There are perks to combat this though and as you progress through the game and unlock these you'll find yourself shooting straighter.The driving mechanics are a little quirky when played on a keyboard like myself, they don't seem as fluid as they did in, for example, Saints Row. But after a while I found myself getting used to them rather quickly. It's still not amazing by any means, but it could be better with a gamepad.Hacking is where this game excels, it's an incredible addition to the game and really changed how I play this compared to playing GTA or SR. You can press Z and bring up the ""Profiler"", this will highlight every person you look at and show their name, occupation as well as a little blurb about them. Some of them can be quite funny and found myself chuckling at a ""Religious conservative"" who's occupation was a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.Hacking is your main weapon in the game. During car chases you use it to turn traffic lights green and block an intersection to wreck your persuers, or lift blockers behind you for the same effect. It really makes chases interesting when you notice and alleyway to go down that has blockers, timing your hack perfectly and taking out the chaser.Hacking is also useful in missions, during one mission in Act II I managed to take out all the enemies without them even seeing me and only shooting 2 of them. The other 9 or 10 were taken out from hacking the environment and causing things to explode.Overall, I'd say this game will keep me playing for a while, the story is solid enough if you can let yourself get into it, and there's plenty of side objectives to take part in to pass the time. The world itself is beautiful and engaging.I'd give this game either an 8.5  or 9 out of 10. It's really worth it in my opinion.But, as I said at the start, it has some issues for some people, so if you're worried about it not running, you might want to hold off. Other than that, buy it and try it. If it works, you wont regret it."
,Recommended,243470,10293432,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Deadcrazzy,I really enjoy the game. it has a lot of optimization issues low frame rates with a asus gtx 770 shouldn't happen at all but the game seems as if it wasn't optimized properly. the online play can be very glitchy. i think most of the issues are on ubisofts side and that is my biggest complaint is the game has to be played on the UPLAY client and it is very bad a lot of times it takes 2 or 3 times to connect to the game when starting it up because it cant even connect to the ubisoft server. all in all i really like the game and would recomend it.
,Recommended,243470,10331280,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,RedKill,"I don't see a single problem with the game, everything works, a few lags here and there due to uplay service, but nothing major. And people who don't like the driving physics, yeah well, learn to drive. For Uplay.. Well I don't see a reason to have 5 different programs on my Computer to play like 5 games, I mean Steam, Origin, UPlay,Battle.net, NCSoft Launcher and what not, but anyway.. Game is good"
,Recommended,243470,10554834,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Abysmal,"Ten years ago, tragedy struck the Russell family, leaving the lives of teenage siblings Tim and Kaylie forever changed when Tim was convicted of the brutal murder of their parents. Now in his 20s, Tim is newly released from protective custody and only wants to move on with his life; but Kaylie, still haunted by that fateful night, is convinced her parents' deaths were caused by something else altogether: a malevolent supernatural force unleashed through the Lasser Glass, an antique mirror in their childhood home. Determined to prove Tim's innocence, Kaylie tracks down the mirror, only to learn similar deaths have befallen previous owners over the past century. With the mysterious entity now back in their hands, Tim and Kaylie soon find their hold on reality shattered by terrifying hallucinations, and realize, too late, that their childhood nightmare is beginning again..."
,Recommended,243470,10616394,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,nathaniel316,"its great when it works, but the random crashes are killing the overall joy of it."
76561198088831807,Recommended,243470,10258960,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Mcloob,very fun game. I hacked a transgender!
76561198038862184,Recommended,243470,10293274,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Dizzyv2,Great game: Decent Graphics-Great voice acting and overall a tight game.Graphics looks amazing when you can set them to ultra but I get most people don't have that nice of computers so I would just rate them decent.I already beat the game and I would really recomend it if you want to spend $60 on a story game. Not much of a multiplayer aspect but still has some built in.People came here and rated it so badly because uplay had hiccups on launch day just like every other launch known to man. Do not listen to all these people crying here because they are judging the system the game runs off instead of the actual game. Go to uplay forums to do that not steam reviews please.If you liked gta then I really think you would have a great time with watchdogs!
,Recommended,243470,10376055,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,✽ uRoD * the worst,Worth playing! Plot! All on top! Worth buying!:3
76561198119557080,Not Recommended,243470,12066671,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,"Ishmael ""Brown-Brown"" Beah",sucks
,Not Recommended,243470,13155940,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,StuffMan12,"What do you get when you combine annoying vehicle controls, frequent crashes, an annoying online system, an even worse detection system, overhype it, and put it on Uplay because Ubisoft thinks they're ""Special""? You get this game. Watch_Dogs is one of those games that, when you first see it, you say ""Cool! That games looks like fun!"". But then, after about a day of playing, you say, ""Meh, could be better"". But then, after a few days, you end up with the same viewpoint as me. Let me start on the vehicle controls. Now, if you don't know, there's a reputation system in this game that varies from how you like to play the game. For example, you kill innocent people, bad rep. You stop crimes, good rep. But when you combine poor handling with lots of pedestrians, you can go from ""vigilante"" to ""convict"" in seconds. Next up, the crashes. If you don't remember the ads for this game, it said that ""Watch_Dogs pushes the limits of your console."" and clearly, they were right. I get crashes 3-5 times in a one-hour play session. (That is until I found out I had to update my drivers, which I spent a half and hour doing so.) What's next is the online system, which is the most annoying and idiotic thing I've experienced in a game. Basically, it works like this: Player 1 goes to his phone menu and selects the online mode. He then selects what way he wants to annoy player 2, weather that be a race, a 1v1, or just to be a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Not to mention how frequently it happens (at least to me). In fact, every time I do another campaign mission, I get hacked and kill the hacker before I can do the next mission. Next up is the detection system. The detection system is one the worst and the most sensitive. If a guard does so much as see you out of the corner of his eye, You have to move instantly or all the guards are going to rain an intense barrage of bullets at you. In fact, that's another problem with this game. The policemen in this game arebrutalwhen it comes to being pursued. I don't think I need to discuss how overhyped this game was, read another review if you want to see people talk about that. And, last but not least, Uplay. We all know it, we all hate it, yet it's still mandatory for you to use it if you want to play an Ubisoft game. Let me just tell you something about when I got this game: I got this game and unlocked all the ctOS centers and towers in a matter of days, I already had almost $200,000, so I decided to do the campaign. But then, like I said before, I have to get hacked before every mission, not to mention to brutality of the cops.In short, save your money and don't buy this game. Sure, it had its good parts, but those were easily shadowed by all the bad parts and overhype.To make my story about this game short, I'm glad I bought this game when if was half-off.(I was going to uninstall this game but my brother would be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥if I did, so I'm not.)"
,Recommended,243470,10278833,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,onotadaki,"8/10, would play again.  Controls are tight, runs excellent on my machine and it is quite a bit of fun."
,Recommended,243470,10599572,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Spanky,GTA with abilities during gameplay is how I would describe this game.
,Recommended,243470,10268388,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Old School Dude,A lot of people either were way too over hyped or they're just jumping on the bandwaggon of hate. Others say it doesn't run on AMD and yet I have it running on AMD with minimal problems. Yes the game does have problems but what do you expect for a game that is an online openworld rpg? Have you never played one at launch? I find the game really really fun and that's all that should metter.
76561198027553251,Recommended,243470,11399447,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,alucard,"i had none of the problems people are ♥♥♥♥♥ing about except when i try and do really high graphic settings and it ups motions blurs so it feels like getting car sick in car chases, the game it self is fun and side missions are cool, i got bored of the game after beating the story and all the side missions, kinda hate that u cant go on a murder spree on cops with out repercusions, overall its 7 outa 10, not gta but is mostly sandbox and im able to steal 5 grand from a guy with aids by walking next to him while looking at my phone, btw my rig is gtx 560 AMd athlon ll X4 640,stick with medium graphics or go for high and turn off motion blur."
,Not Recommended,243470,10272482,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Nick,Absolutely the worst triple A game I've played - I've played a few this year and this is without a doubt the most pathetic experience I've had playing a game.- Buggy/Clippy as hell- Terrible AI- Terrible Story- Terrible driving mechanicsI hope that people actually follow through and heed this as a warning for future ubisoft titles. Wait until the piece of crap comes out and gets scrutinized before sinking your money into it.
76561198009297100,Not Recommended,243470,10277143,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Monitox,uPLAY sucks badly! I WANT MY MONEY BACK!!!!!!!!!! DO not BUY!
,Not Recommended,243470,10285264,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,R.I.P Bandana P,+ Spider Tank+ Champion Tech - Raydar+ EchoDroides - Satellite- The rest
76561198035823539,Not Recommended,243470,10290249,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,KrisTheHaw,"I switch from a concole to my pc thinking im only going to play pc games. This game proves that some games arn't made for a computer what so ever. Thanks for robbing me of 60 of my hard earned dollers.This is an update of this review:I got a new costum made gaming pc for christmas, months since the game's relece date and patches. I can run a multitude of games on there highest settings and yet Watch Dogs is unable to run on low graphic setings. This proves yet again that Watch Dogs (and all other Ubisoft games) are not to be bought on pc due to the fact that Ubisoft can not make games for pc. Also, I have discovered AMD cards do not work at all with Ubisoft games. Thank you yet again for crap."
,Recommended,243470,10283258,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Nulushio,"Bear with me as i dont usually do reviewsits honestly fun for what it is. but is it up to the hype it has. in plain no. This is no where naer what they hyped up. Also lets be fair here that if you didnt buy into the hype then you probably knew what to excpet and that was a very assassin;s creed game. Its very structured and open world but it does come across as lifeless. However the biggest problem is uplay. simply put uplay has failed this game considerably. I will say that i have had no crashes or problems iwth loading. the only time i have problems with loading is when i alt tab out and drive to a new section of the city or load after a mini mission or something like that. I know that many other people do have issues with the hardware and the game being poorly optimized but i am currenlty playing on ultra and am having no problem. That being said i do prefer a single player experience so i like this alot. the single player environment makes the city jump to life in some ways like feeling like you are genuinely affecting areas of the city. You cut power everything goes dark and ther eare car crashes, people look around scared or startled. If you cause a car accident by screwing with the lights at an intersection people nearby on the sidewalk will get near the car crash and take pictures talk amongst themselves, even the people involved in said accident might come out of the cars and argue or talk about how awful it was. Basically the NPC environment is really great and helps make it feel more like a city. the missions are pretty satisfying allowing you liberty to pursue your objectives and decide how you want to handle a situation. Players familiar to Assassin's creed will be able to use stealth or stealth combat. However unlike assassin's creed there are no silent ways to kill someone other than beating them with your night stick or using a silenced gun. So it does require more skill to execute. is there a bonus for it? no. but personally i do love stealth games so the stealth mechanics are really nice. The guns are also pretty nice and the skill system complements everything from hacking to driving. Now the fun part is the hacking. THe hacking isnt something complex like most were lead to believe in trailers and hyped up reviews. its simply pressing a button to cause an effect. You can raise brdiges stop traffic lights, set off an enemie's grenade, or mess wtih comms etc etc. It does provide some fun to the combat system but it also isnt exactly fun. Simply put it only livens up the combat.reminder i dont really do reviews.Ok now for the bad. Yet people have issues with hardware, yes uplay sucks.  but those are just factors from ubisoft that if honestly you can only expect when you play a pc ubisoft game. most games i have played wtih them (not necessarily on steam) do have crashes bugs and are pretty poorly optimized. its simply to be expected which is not a good thing. However lucky i am i dont seem to have any problems. That being said ill take some time to tlak about the bad parts of the game.THe game comes off as simply to constrained and lifeless. While it does come alive with the help of its npcs and interactions, the city is simply gray. It takes a page from CoD and everything has this tinge or grey or brown and some things while pretty in sunlight simply look murkey everywhere else. it feelsl ike it really lacks colors. this makes the city lifeless. The types of side missions that you can play are very limited but varied. While the convoy missions or stronghold missions are very fun since they give you a building to infiltrate, or a target to wipe out on a route to somewhere, does allow for freedom but other than that most missions are straight forward and dont realy allow freedom. Its basically suffering from the same things that GTA IV and V have suffered from. Super amounts of freedom outside of story and super constrained in story. Watchdogs does have a couple of unfun mechanics. AN example is if the cops are called on you, you cant shoot any of them but they will be unloading shotguns or rifles into you. the reason you cant shoot them is because you lower your ""vigilante ranking"" where you can become a protector a vigilante or wahtever the bad path is. The way citizens react to you does have impact. If you are loved civilians will be less likely to call the cops on you. THis is specially important in missions where you will be killing alot of people. Taking down 25 guys in a stronghold only to get killed by the infinite supply of cops is a cruddy way to die. You can jam people calling the cops but it gets expensive. So i recommendd going vigilante. STopping crimes is super easy. baasically you wait till the last second to stop it and if you beat up the guy and save the guy being attacked you win. fast rep and easy to get loved. Now i know alot of people are complaining about driving but i dont have any problems with it simply because i can drive very easily and i have never had a problem except for when im chasing down an escaping crim only to find out that yes the lights have turned green and there is now a car in the intersection and i have about half a second to react. otherwise dont really care. THe story is also extremely cliche but i like it cause hey its an excuse to pretend im a dectective that isnt batman. because the only games out in about the past 5 years where you can be ""detective"" involves you being god damn batman. that being said watch_dogs is a good game however it is most def not a first day buy. If you wait 2 or 3 weeks im sure ubisoft will have fixed many problems but like i said thats not a good excuse that being said. watchdogs is an 8/10 and with uplay 5/10.*jesus ubisoft we get it, you made your exclusive club like ea did with origin. and like origin its bad now can we stop it already and just have steam handle it all.*"
76561198079561198,Recommended,243470,10290269,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,jah8,"if you are having problems with uplay, turn proxy off in network settings and it will work"
,Recommended,243470,10275530,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,mojkrt,i actually like it. uplay sucks but the game's fun.
,Recommended,243470,10258663,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,the big DONG,♥♥♥♥ UPLAY Thats the only problem for me
,Recommended,243470,10263679,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Metzamo,"I know I haven't played much yet, but there seem to be an optimalization issue at the moment. The game runs horribly on my gaming desktop (which is quite powerful, mind you). It doesn't matter if the graphics are set to ultra, high, normal or low; it lags just as much. I am aware of the fact that Ubisoft/Nvidia are currently working with this issue.Besides that, the game is beautiful, well made in every way, and I can't wait to play more!"
,Recommended,243470,10266909,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,RWBY Rose,"One day I broke out of a prison, went onto the roof and the cops were waiting for me. I shot the tires out of the first police vehicle I saw and then the third and fourth as well.  I then shot the cops in their knees so they could not follow me since I did not want to kill them. I then proceeded to hack the police helicopter that was trying to mow me down and watched as the burning hunk of metal and smoke tried to stay in the air. I then hacked the last police vehicle and drove off the roof and landed on the railroad tracks and hacked the train and forced it stop, then boarded the train hacked it again and watched as the police tried to call in backup but I hacked their radios and disabled them before I escaped on the train. While on the train someone was watching the news and saw me try to escaping the police blockade of the prison and tried to call 911. I went over to him and smashed his phone.I decided I was tired of riding the train, hacked it again, and force it to stop. I dived off the train and then saw that a murder was about to happen so pulled out my gold Desert Eagle and fired a warning shot in the air. The attempted murder ran like the coward he was and climbed over a nearby fence, I then pulled out my grenade launcher and blew the fence out of my way, after all why should I climb a fence? I’m certain my character has high blood pressure; anyway, the scumbag pulled a machine gun on me. He then got into a car and tried to drive off but I hacked into the traffic lights and caused a traffic jam so he got out of his smoking car and fired another burst of machine gun fire behind him as he ran and hit a few civilians. That’s when I decided to end it right there so I got out my ARC and shot out the tires of the cars in front of him. One car ran into fellow and stunned him. I ran fast as I could and then knocked the sucker out, although someone called 911 because the idiot tried to kill people on the street. I hacked into one of the cars from the traffic jam I caused and tried to evade several police cruisers for about 6-7 minutes, but eventually the stupid chopper blew out my engine block so I headed for the river and dove right into the bay and swam until I was gunned down about 5 minutes later by a sniper in the helicopter.And that ladies and gents was a freak ‘in side mission.I know that the game struggles to run at 60fps on high end gaming PC's but for what it’s worth I think the game is really fun. If you just look at the game and for a moment ignore the technical fact that you can't have everything on ultra I think you will really enjoy it.That’s my 2 cents on Watch Dogs.++Pros++1. - Good Story(so far).2. - Cleverly combined environmental and hacking puzzles.3. - Cool Driving.4. - You can hack some guards grenades remotely.5. - You can hack steampipes and send cars flying.6. - You can hack and steal money from rapists.7. - You can kill anyone.8. - You can highjack a police vehichle at a stoplight.++Cons++1. - Uplay.2. - See No. 2.3. - Intensive PC Specs4. - Not Optimized for AMD cards.5. - Not really as mind blowing as you thought when you saw it at E3.6. - You do not screw with the Police. The Police screw with you."
,Recommended,243470,10268828,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,LOL-E-Props,"Interesting concept, but PC version has crippling bugs causing crashes, stuttering framerates on high end machines even on moderate graphics settings, and not an interesting enough storyline or action to keep interest. Wait till this one has enough time to be properly optimized and is on sale for less than 10$."
76561197977277151,Recommended,243470,10271146,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Chower,Great game. runs fine on my amd video card and processor. see alot of thumbs downs. Must be alot of people with not enough computing power trying to run a graphical game.
,Recommended,243470,10442868,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,"Hi, it's Christian.","Pretty fun, need's Performance Patch though."
76561198098524212,Recommended,243470,10264010,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Charr-Nip,Fun game.At first it was hard to get past Uplay but I somehow did. It's a MIRACLE! Then i encountered stuttering and major lag during the first 5 hours of playing. Played with my options trying to figure out wtf was wrong. Realized the Texture settings in Display were on Ultra. I set that to Medium and now the game runs smoothly with no Lag or anything so far.
,Recommended,243470,10269520,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Anthrax ☆ Popcorn,"I guess I have one of the ""Lucky Gaming Rigs"", but the game never had lag issues. I have a Nvidia 660, 8gb of ram and an amd fx-8320. After my play time, it a really interesting game, the hacking mechanic is fun, the free roam has a ton of varity, it was interesting seeing ""Made porn film in college"" when walking past random strangers. I don't know why its getting such a bad rap. 9/10 Fun free roam game, due to a VERY cool iPhone.Also, uPlay isnt that bad....."
,Recommended,243470,10280407,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Elite Ewok,"It's a cross between Assassin's Creed and Deus Ex.Most games I play I judge on their appearance, however the gameplay in this title completely distracted me from critisising it's aesthetics. The main thing about this game that has struck me is how unique it is. Being kinda relatable to this game (We are all on our phones 24/7 these days), the ability to hack others with your phone is not-too-far from reality. You can hack people's bank accounts just by walking past them, then run to the nearest ATM to collect your reward. Hack into CCTV cameras around the city and see where they lead - you never know what you can find. The story is so-far very gripping and has me wanting to play on to see how it continues. I've not even completed the 2nd act (4 Acts Total) and I've almost maxed out my ""Hacking"" skill tree - so I am noticing that there is a lack in what you can actually hack - it's almost like portal in the way in which you solve puzzles. Hacking into the hidden cam on a guard who's walking on his round, then distract him to look at a server that you need to hack. It's not all hacking though. There's driving, shooting, stealth sneaking and checking-into landmarks across the map. It's GTA except there's no Ammu-Nation or Burger Shot, instead there is a mentally-unstable hobo who will provide you with tech.Input: Keyboard/Mouse.Input Feel: ""Natural"" 10/10 (Minus the odd bug where Aiden wonders off)Gameplay: 10/10Story: 9/10Graphics: 8/10Driving: Physics 7/10 - Control (using Keyboard) 10/10Multiplayer: 7/10Overall: 8/10So would I recommend you buy this game? Yes. Why? Because it's different, it has a great story so far and you can be the ultimate NSA Agent... ;)"
,Recommended,243470,10270199,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Lokio,Game isn't neccesarely what we all saw at E3. Also there is some major lag in some parts of the game for no apparent reason. Other then that there isn't that many problems with the game. Story is nice and gameplay is simple and straight-forward
76561197966574229,Recommended,243470,10261780,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Skuzzy AST,Okay there has been a few bugs  but like all bugs they will be fixedAfter completing ACT 1 i do enjoy the game a lot and I hope it will be the next series for ubisoft like Assassin Creed
,Recommended,243470,10266313,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,iPB™,One of the most Epic games I have ever played 9/10
,Recommended,243470,10500417,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Pakdoc2,"Before I start this review, I'd like to say that most of the negative reviews were of the performance issues in the game with certain hardware and so on. The Dev team is working on a patch to fix that issue and just in case, I suggest waiting for it to come out. It was a rough start but the game gradually made its way back up.Now that that's out of the way, the game itself was actually pretty damn fun. The story had its ups and downs but was solid for the most part. The combat was entertaining, the stealth was cool, and the vast variety of weapons and arsenal options was awesome. After beating the main game, you still have a lot of fun things you can do, the side quests aren't just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t thrown in there to make the game seem longer, they're actually fun and can keep you engaged in the game. The multiplayer was great from what I've seen, you can go around messing♥♥♥♥♥♥up with friends or screw with random people's games, do whatever.The thing with the graphics:The graphics was another issue people had with the game since Ubisoft decided to be dumb♥♥♥♥♥ and release a downgraded version of the PC visuals, however, thanks to the power of modders, someone found the old version's graphical options. So if you do get this game and want the best visuals, look up ""Watch_Dogs E3 Graphics Mod"" and you'll find it in there. The graphics didn't look terrible by default, it's just that they looked so much better before.tl;dr -Pros:- Lots of weapons- Great gameplay- Great graphics (+E3 Graphics Mod)- Decent story- Lots to do in free roam- Awesome multiplayerCons:- Dumb AI- Stealth is a bit limited- Story can get bland at some points- Possible stuttering in gameFinal Verdict: 6.5/10Decent game, just not the game that everyone was so hyped about"
76561197978351089,Not Recommended,243470,10415622,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Jono,Fun for the first few days then it gets boring pretty quick...Multiplayer was not worth buying it for when GTA PC is now on the horizon. Single player is good but the characters pale compared to GTA..come on who can top Trevor!  Regretful purchase now. Enjoying the new Wolfenstein much more
76561198031001151,Recommended,243470,10255375,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,CommanderVideo,Y U NO WORK?
,Recommended,243470,10291724,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,ℳogwai,Like Skyrim with smartphones
76561198146063797,Recommended,243470,17902178,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Kirk Hammet,Great game only thing i find bad is that guns is so much more important than hacking.
,Not Recommended,243470,10330498,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Woofter,This game is terrible. It is full of lazy programming and glitches 0/10 would never recommend. I've never wanted my money back so much.
,Not Recommended,243470,17005193,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Sιɴιѕтer,I honestly think that this is one of the worst games to purchase on steam. Horrible game for the steam platform also uplay is horrible and everytime I try to open it it says cant sinc with uplay (cant connect). Do Not Purchase This Horrible Game!
,Recommended,243470,28154306,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,ProvoSensei,"Back to 2k14 when i saw this, i though it is good game, and.... Yeah,  its properly it's good enough .But there is only one problem ""flat story"". The story seems good, as a motivation hacker who want revenge his daughter deads. But it feels flat,nothing Imposing.I Finished this game twice ; PC version and PS3 version, i don't mind the visual and the driving mechanic. Really fun i didn't boring to play the game twice. its fun i think. blowing steam pipes, killed people and many more.Speaking of which, i love Aiden Pearce,cool guy af.Fyi, i just finished the Bad Blodds DLC and yeah it worth to buy. but the mission just only take 4 hours to me *typical yours,ubisoft*. and  i was considering to buy Watch_Dogs2 at the end of the year."
76561198024649317,Not Recommended,243470,10301699,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Not Videoman,"Ok fine, it gets a 5/10.there."
76561198119254399,Not Recommended,243470,11735894,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,DrowsyMuppet,"I preordered. Played 4 hours. Game was overhyped and just not fun. Get GTA any, and save yourself some money"
,Not Recommended,243470,12792846,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Duxo,"don't waste your money,better dowload it from the Internet.It doesn't cost it's money"
,Recommended,243470,20655470,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Sir_Hobbes3,"10/10When I finished the storyline for this game I actually shed tears. I'm a sucker for a good RPG but this was different. I could actually compare myself to this game. I can't do that with Skyrim, no matter how good it is or how many mods I find. Watch Dogs is truly an excellent game."
76561198048400989,Recommended,243470,10259679,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Saber_Fate_Stay_Zero,"With 19 hours on record alredy comlpeteing story line and still wanting more,god i could replay it again right now GREAT GAME!!! really do recomend it!!!"
76561198292104761,Recommended,243470,29776990,Posted: 7 February,all,麒年,眼瞎绑到了别人的育碧账号我可能是正版游戏的受害者
,Recommended,243470,28148553,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,phoenix,"When the game came out in 2014, I bought it on my xb1 (so don't talk about my lack of experience in the game)So, as this game is made by uplay, and some other companies who help developed Assassins Creed, the game is basically assassins creed, but in 21st century. You play as ""Aiden Pearce"" with the help of 'Badboy17' you can hack all sorts of things!Campaign is exciting af; they also have online hacking, which is where you up against someone and you hack them, (they gotta profile who is hacking) or you be hacked. (You have to profile the person who is hacking you). The graphics are amazing. This game has been my favourite game. (Gonna get wd2 soon:3)Hope this helped someone out."
,Recommended,243470,28353734,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,SN: WX71A73K1326,"This game is quite good interface, perhaps it can impressive that you can using your smartphone, you have real-time control over the city’s infrastructure."
76561198353387402,Recommended,243470,31046926,Posted: 9 April,all,youngandmenace,"you cant re install the gameif you uninstall then reinstall this game,it wont launch the second time."
76561197970841771,Recommended,243470,25293348,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,motorTchief,"Great game, still go back and play it every once in awhile. Can't wait for the sequel."
,Recommended,243470,10570198,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,-V-™,GOOD...Awesome Just AWESOME!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,243470,17431872,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Aphex Pesuto,"I originally bought this game for the Xbox 360, and decided to buy it again on sale, to see if it was graphically better.It wasn't."
76561198117042496,Not Recommended,243470,17317783,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Hanster,"This game is cool, but you propably should not buy this game. Driving experience isn't so good and story too is pretty lame."
76561198110232731,Not Recommended,243470,17415975,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,daktary2001,Waste of everyone's time. A big lie and a big ♥♥♥♥ you from ubisoft to us customers ... DO NOT BUY this crap !
,Not Recommended,243470,18137592,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,DovahViking,"Too much hype, did not deliver."
,Not Recommended,243470,17272678,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,krasnal,awesome idea. weak execution. not recommended for a demanding gamer. it's like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ brother of gta5.
,Not Recommended,243470,17315922,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Rage1422,I want to recommend this game but PC is meant for high fps + beautiful graphics. The graphics can be fixed with mods for sure but the fps lag spikes and nasty optimization is enough for me to say don't buy it. I feel like at this quality it should've been listed new as $10. Absolutely not worth $40 but I'm glad I only spent $17 on a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥game like this.
,Not Recommended,243470,10334406,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Retard,So I bought the game and started staring at my dog. Still not seeing how fun this is.
76561198062166975,Recommended,243470,10337905,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Mythical Beast,No words describe the amazing that is this game.
76561198056266701,Not Recommended,243470,12890656,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Dixie Normous,"This game doesn't work. I have a Titan Z, I7, 32 gb RAM. I can run crysis at max without any issues. This game runs like a slideshow. Get into a car and before you know it you have crashed into a building and the police are chasing you.If you value your time and money then please do not waste it on this steaming pile of trash."
76561198091184682,Recommended,243470,28891331,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,ACG Games,A great game for casual and relentless pros
76561198041164859,Recommended,243470,14846891,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Ghost,"the game was ok in my opinion, not so terrible that I would not recomend, but yeah is the last thing I buy Ubisoft on lauch day."
,Recommended,243470,10773983,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,CLGREEN [C22],This is a good time a little buggy with the N-vidia drivers but a part from that it's a good game.
,Recommended,243470,11414079,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Greasy Chanka-Chan,"This game was totally worth the hype! The graphics were pretty damn nice on my computer, very few framerate drops, awesome story, and gameplay was great. The only bad thing about this game is that you need to have Uplay running, which isn't even that bad. Most of the bad things people say about this game are incorrect."
,Not Recommended,243470,10364777,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,earthIsDiscus,Pretty fun but definitely not worth the price tag. Unpolished and terrible performance with the PC port. Expect choppy FPS trying to run it at decent settings in your native resolution.
76561198048844625,Not Recommended,243470,10331529,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,teninken,Sad.
,Recommended,243470,10383335,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,amorphous030,"This is a good game, but the drivers for AMD needs to be fixed ASAP.  Not that the game is unplayable, but when it gets a little frame intensive on screen, it does slow down a bit too much.  Worth the money, but if you have console, for now buy it on that."
,Recommended,243470,13897341,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Shpeckledorf,"After a second playthrough of this game, my opinion that this is one of the greatest games I've ever played still stands.  So many people say ""I beat that game in a day"" because it's so hard to stop playing.  The story is so compelling and fun that you really can't stop playing it.  Even after you finish the campaign there are so many other side missions and secrets to uncover that it truly is one of the best games out there."
76561197960403554,Recommended,243470,10657657,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Agent X,"Disappointing, but still some fun moments to be had."
76561197997898313,Not Recommended,243470,13652697,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,YellowOutcast,"I really feel like this could have been a really cool game. This game combined the open roam features like GTA and parkour manuvers like Assassin Creed series, yet they deleivered a super done down version. This game was so ♥♥♥♥ing buggy and I paid $60 for this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ It's like nowadays, you buy a game and you are really only getting 50% of it. Either they are lazy and♥♥♥♥♥♥and will release patches in the future or they try to package the other 50% of the game into DLC. Like WTF?! The gaming industry is taking a turn for the worst and I vowed after buying this sack of♥♥♥♥♥♥game, I WILL NEVER PRE ORDER ANOTHER GAME, NOR SHOULD ANYONE ELSE!! If we all stopped preordering games, then they will be forced in actually finishing and doing the god damn job. Keyword is...IT IS YOUR ♥♥♥♥ING JOB...SO DO IT RIGHT THE FIRST TIME YOU ♥♥♥♥ING LAZY SACKS OF♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,243470,11482441,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,llwolf 2.0,Why did I buy this? :(
76561198069808604,Not Recommended,243470,10296892,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Ghlain,This game is a bit over hyped.. The controls are clunky and the vehicles seem to have wolverines healing factor and the handling was very arcady remining me of Cruisin USA back in the 90's. The story just does not pull you in. Wirh little to not direction given. Other then throwing pointless mini games your way even when your currently doing somthing. I was expecting alot more since they bumped the release date. Only to find out all they did was dumb down the game for the consoles and screw up the UI to a frustrating point of fighting the menus more then the enemies.. I do not reccomend this game to anyone.. Makes you wonder if they even played thier own game before releasing it..
,Recommended,243470,10260280,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Skyvaal,"After playing this game for nearly 20 hours solid, I can very happily say I love it!I'm one of the lucky few (especially considering I have an AMD card) to be able to play the game, and I loooooove it. It has a few buggy areas, mostly due to control schemes - I would recommend using a wheel/controller for driving, and the keyboard for all the rest of it - but otherwise, its awesome!My favourite part - without spoilers - is the spider tank... It took me a couple of plays, then I realised I was basically playing a Tachikoma from Ghost in the Shell (complete with cute voice and all!)9.5/10"
76561198023871333,Recommended,243470,10373730,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,John Wayne Rambo,FIX THE VOLUME
,Not Recommended,243470,16207642,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,clearly not a jew,badly optimizedyou cant play because of optimization problemby the way f*** uplay
,Recommended,243470,18324058,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,jamerson,"Personally, I really like this game. The combat is enjoyable, the hacking is a decent gimmick, if a little simple, and some of the side missions can be very fun. Most of the characters are very interesting and get a good amount of development, but Aiden, the character the player plays as..... ehhh. I tried to like him, to put myself in his shoes, but I just couldn't. Let's hope  he stays for Watch_Dogs 2 and he gets a bit of character development.TL:DR (Oh come on, the review's not that long)8/10Good combat, interesting characters, hacking is fun."
,Recommended,243470,10313687,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,xXx$CЯUB_D3$TROY3RxXx,1/10♥♥♥♥♥dis ♥♥♥♥ m8
,Recommended,243470,10263405,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Sir Andrew Maxwell Dwyer,"Oh, I can hack this ATM to get money while I’m on the phone and getting an alert about spousal abuse on the other side of this map while ordering a car and making the traffic lights change to hack the guy crossing the street before he gets hit by a car.12/10 would do all of that just to see that guy get hit by 3 cars again."
,Recommended,243470,10255871,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,MockaX csgobig.com,"Hey guys, I know its been difficult to get the game up and running, but give it a chance! I finally got it to work and it was well worth it. The gameplay is smooth, the story is deep, and its even fun just to walk and drive around the city, finding crimes and funny secrets about people. This whole Uplay thing should clear up pretty quickly, and you will find that it is an amazing game.I recommend you pick this up. 10/10"
76561198030459785,Recommended,243470,10436481,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,ItsHighNoot,I highly think this game is b*llsh*tting me. I haven't seen ONE SINGLE DOG to watch in this ENTIRE GAME. What the hell is wrong? Is my whale bawlsack of a pc or did the game designers forget how to put motherf*cking dogs in a game called WATCH DOGS. WERE THEY RUBBING THEIR HAIRY WHALE P*NIS BALLS ON DA MOTHERBOARD WHILE DESIGNING THIS GAME!? I'm going to go over there to the game designers and hit them in the crotch 50 times with a purpe d*ldo bat. then im going to shove it up the lead designer/creator's big fat bottomhole. I will then jump out a window and shoot the building with a grenade launcher and grow magical wings and fly away to a magical land called Diddleybu*lsh*ittsville. (this review was written entirely for comedy purposes)
,Recommended,243470,10520763,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,vivid dark side,"Playing with the worse patch,game is pretty stable for me on ultra,for sure occasionally get a FPS drop, but the patch has made this less frequent for me.Playing on high and it is absolutely fine.Story is ok,not fantastic.Issues aside 8/10"
,Recommended,243470,10521257,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Coolbloxxie,"Just minor lags... Anyhow, The games great! I suggest it as long as you have a good computer, And By the way, I suggest doing half the campaign first. <3 <3"
76561198036093744,Not Recommended,243470,11479036,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,mercury,2 many problems i cant even play the game anymore
76561198081045477,Recommended,243470,10285197,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,gudnib22,"ok, this game has a few good things I can say about it.I for one did not have any problems signing into the Uplay servers so I was able to play from the getgo.but the game it self.the hacking part is fun, it has a few easter eggs and some cheap laughs mostly through some sort of voyurism.Driving.I played through the game on easy because I like to watch a good story unfold without getting very upset or anoyed, I get enough of that at work, even though it was on easy all the cars, including what looked like a high end sportscars/supercars handled like they were frontwheel drive with brakes made from milk cartons, tires made from butter and no ABS to boot.and when it comes to gameplay....I was doing a criminal convoy where I had to catch some guys driving though a specific route and knock them down(do not kill), when there I started shooting the first car and the rest of the guys ganged up on me. then the police showed up and shot one of the guys I was supposed to knock down......sure, its realistic, but this is a game, I want it to be fun.the storyline it self promises a lot but then just doesn't deliver.This game delivers nothing more than a few hours of hate filled anoyance where at the end of a play session you have to play something else to unwind.I only just mannaged to finnish the story line but I can't be arsed to finnish the rest of the game or the dlc's because the game just isn't good enough."
76561197973010957,Not Recommended,243470,10547034,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,DrStrange,"This game is beutiful and has some great production values and neat new gameplay mechanics.Unfortunetly there are too many superior open world games for this to recieve a passing grade.For me gameplay mechanics are the most important thing which are enhanced by it's story. Driving is terrible, the open world denziens have no importance and interact with you little, the story is the worst. Worst of all the game imposes random rules making it almost not a open world. You can shoot and kill citizens but you can't melee attack them like enemies? Nonsense.This game has a terrible main character. If you hated Johnny Klebitz from GTA4 Lost and Damned. Well this guy is about 100x less likable. By then end of the game I was just hoping he would die.Biggest offense is if you use a controller some on the default controls are just plain poorly though out, or more likely diffrent just to be diffrent - which is BS. I gave up on keyboard and mouse the first time I stepped into a vehicle, this game driving is terrible no matter what.Most of the side missions are relatively lame but there are alot of side missions which is nice (espically if you find types you enjoy).This game does have some great qualities though. The shooting mechanics are some of the best. The first few hours are hacking devices is really neat...until novelty doesn't balance the other faults.If it is on sale for a ridiculous deal, buy it. You should get a solid 10+ hours of fun out of it. Otherwise consider waiting for GTA 5 or try Assassins Creed 4 Pirates creed for a better and lively open world experience."
,Recommended,243470,10477786,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Silent Shade,Hacked a bank account from a guy who had cancerFound a dentist driving an ambulance who didnt have a licenceFlipped a truck into the air by hacking the blockers underneath it10/10
,Recommended,243470,10583791,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,ticsortocs,"This game is amazingThe singleplayer gameplay is easy to understand and not that difficultThe mutiplayer is very diverse and intresting ,but could use some tweaks"
,Not Recommended,243470,10489296,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,ToastFetish,"As much as I would like to love this game and say it lived up to the hype, it didn't. I have played through the first 10 or so missions and can not hardly continue, the performance on PC is awful. It's hard to rate the actual game if you can't even play it. If you are looking to purchace this on PC then heed my warning, until a viable solution is found to the performance issues plaguing the community, DO NOT buy this game. By waiting you insure you not only get your money's worth, but you may even see a price drop by the time the patch comes out. Believe me, you aren't missing anything."
,Recommended,243470,16374029,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,RainDash S. Dragon©,"It's a great game with a great concept! But get the console version if you don't have a powerful PC. Ubisoft did not optimize this game well for the PC, expecially AMD cards. Even though my system is farely low end, I've seen other people with top notch rigs who were also only able to run it at about 40 FPS with settings maxed out. For me, it was more the massive dips in the framerate that ruined the experience. When I was indoors with few NPCs, the frame rate would smooth out to about 60FPS but as soon as I got in a car or walked around in the city, the FPS tanked down to a dissapointing 25 FPS. And this changing framerate to me was really annoying. For example, when doing a car chase mission, the framerate would drop fast as soon as I entered the urban part of Chicago. Even after turning on Vsync, the framerate changed. There is also massive pop in of textures and in some cases textures failed to load for me. Besides the perfomance issues, I think this game is really fun. Storywise it's decent and the ability to hack alot of things makes you feel fun and powerful. Driving is not the best physic-wise. There is also no option to shoot out the window which I feel was needed...or maybe it's just because I'm just so used to GTA. Overall, the game kinda of like a prototype and I can't wait to see if Watch Dogs 2 is gonna come out. So if you want the game, it's best you get it for the Xbox One or PS4. On Steam?...Maybe only if you have powerful PCMy rig as of posting this:CPU: AMD A8 6600K APUGPU: Sapphire Radeon R7 260X 2GB GDDR5RAM: 8GB 1600Mhz Ballistic Sport DDR3PSU: Corsair CX600MHard Drive: 1TB Western Digital Caviar Black 7200RPMOS: Window 8.1 64 bitMother Board: MSI A78M-E35Case: Cosair Spec- 02Monitor: HP Pailion 25cw 1080p (Run through HDMI)Credit goes to Austin Evans for his Photon PC Build which I based my PC off of. Great little machine for 500 bucks!Running Watch DogsSettings:Textures: Medium (Lowest Setting)Reflections: LowShadows: LowAmbient Occlusion: OffMotion Blur: OffDoF: OffWater: LowShader: LowResolution: 1080pAnti-Aliasing: OffAverage FPS:30 (1080p)(High of 60 and low of roughly 25)"
76561198070793913,Recommended,243470,10339719,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,The Stretcher,"I was skeptical about watch dogs at first, having to login to Uplay and with random game crashes. But when it is just the game alone, aside from the glitches and annoyances, it's great. Luckily for me I have Nvidia and a good computer, so it's graphics are great and non-laggy. 8/10 would watch again."
,Recommended,243470,11115557,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Vod,"If I could compare Watch_Dogs to any other game, it'd have to be Red Dead Redemption. Put the pitchforks away and hear me out. They both have a dynamic encounter system, a karma alignment meter, mini-games that grant new abilities and perks, an open world to explore at your leisure, and a bullet time mechanic. The only difference between the two is that where RDR had an interesting protagonist and a clever story, Watch_Dogs has...smartphones I guess.Okay so I don't hate Watch_Dogs, but equally I feel that once again this is another classic example of hype vs. reality. The story follows a similar structure to other Ubisoft games while trying to feel like the next GTA. In the game you play as Aiden Pearce, a grey hat hacker turned vigilante after a job gone bad resulted in a hit on him, resulting in his niece being killed. Aiden is a mixed bag for me; on one hand, Ubisoft tried to make him seem dark and edgy while giving his voice a gravelly knock off that'd make Clint Eastwood cringe. On the other hand, he has a soul, and is more human than other characters who suffer from Eastwood Syndrome. He cares about his sister Nikki and her son Jackson, and does have a few emotional moments with them, which gives way to a conflict within Aiden on whether he's doing the right thing murdering countless people to find out about the botched hit placed on him. I know I said that being dark and edgy doesn't always work, these scenarios of inner conflict I can let slide as sometimes it can give way to interesting plot points, which admittedly it does, despite the cookie cutter format. The biggest sin without giving spoilers is the ending and supporting characters. The final 'boss' is quite bad, and is over before you even realise you're watching the credits, and the supporting characters are never properly developed, which leaves me with wanting more due to the potential they could have if Ubisoft actually used their brains when writing the characters.The gameplay is again, a victim of the hype train. The hacking possibilities are somewhat limited compared to what was advertised, and makes you think 'God, I wish I could do that'. The car physics are abysmal, where the cars feel stiff and too powerful, meaning that there is no fluidity to steering. You get used to it after a while, but that constant marketing of the driving being next-gen grates you in your mind louder than the car radio. Speaking of car radios, the music selection isn't that good. There's a couple of decent songs, but that's really it. I have to give extra points though for being able to listen to the radio outside of vehicles. I'm not going to comment on the graphics too much considering the E3 2013 mod, but all I'll say is that the graphics aren't too bad, in fact they're quite pretty and detailed.Still think I hate this game? Well you're wrong. Despite these flaws, it does offer some redeemable gameplay that is fantastic fun. Despite the limited hacking I mentioned earlier, there is nothing more satisfying than speeding down an alley on your bike with the police on your tail, only to pull the blockers up just before they turn down the alley, completely smashing the car and allowing you to escape. Or when you're cornered by the police, but then causing a blackout of the entire city, plunging it into darkness and give you an opening to escape. Or making a bridge ramp up to give you some air over a police blockade. Or- you know what, I won't say anymore. Part of the fun is doing these things yourself and experiencing them first hand. The online also borrows from Dark Souls 2, where other players can invade your world, giving way to a mini-game of finding the guy who's trying to hack you. It's a bit gimmicky but a nice touch.All in all, it's not worth they hype or full price, leaving you wanting more out of it, but my God is it fun.8/10Tl;dr Red Dead Redemption with smartphones."
,Recommended,243470,11513721,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,ItsGucci,"Meh, It was ok, the gamepay is solid the graphics were Meh, the story was very ""generic"" besides a few unexpected changes, decently long (4 hours min, 10 hours max),and the open world was not that good compaired to gta because you get a penatly for killing cops! or anyone so the only thing you can do is play the virtual reality trips that are fun the first five times but not that great or a dumb chess game, its not even chess. So 7.5 out of ten. fun for 15 hours, maybe."
,Recommended,243470,11500422,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,~freedom~fries~,"I was actually on edge about buying this game full price because of the low metacritic score (I usually am hesitant when they're in the 70-79 range). Then I read the metacritic reviews and many were extremely negative on points I can gladly say (now) that I think were absurd and completely incorrect... as if they were paid to do so. Even the users who's score doesn't matter were in conflict - some ranted about nonsensical points in its flaws and most others upped their scores to simply offset the rediculous opints they made claiming how the game was no where even remotely close to their claims and that it was a solid sandbox shooter who's only rivals are that of the GTA series and Far Cry.I'm glad to say that I agree. I loved this game! The hereo didn't have the amazing story or personality of many of the other sandbox shooters I've played, but it was still fitting and not disappointing... what it really did was focus more on the side characters, which were actually far more interesting and had highly memorable characters.What I really loved is that this sandbox shooter was like no other in a day where innovations in that genre are increasingly difficult to make, but Watch_Dogs did it and on a huge scale - the abilities to near instantly hack into the city and cause devastation or confustion was extremely satisfying... and hacking into people's phones was at many times hilarious and full of easter eggs.The villian makes you hate him (as a villian should) and the story is in depth, fascinating, and makes you starving for more... and the end lets you know that there will be (assuming funding cooperates of course).Lots of side missions and an interesting world make this a game I'll probably come back too even though I've beaten - a world I'll definitely come back to when there is a DLC - and a world I'll definitately + infinity come back to if there is a sequel.Ignore the bad reviews - this is a solid game.Ok, so now you've read the good (most probably will have quit reading at this oint) so here is my only (seriously only one) complaint. The main character you play is on this deathwish vendetta over his niese. His niese! I mean, don't get my wrong, if my sister's daughter got murdered I would not be happy, but to go on a bloody revenging rampage like this you gotta hit a little closer to home... mom, dad, fiance, wife, sister or an extremely close friend, but his niese...? Other side characters were even border line suicidal over it... that just didn't make any sense to me.Regardless, I'm just throwing that in because it was that ""one"" thing I didn't like, but the rest was absolutely great and I seriously hope they keep adding on to this series."
,Recommended,243470,23882104,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Mario Zaizar,Incredible graphics! Good'ish story.
76561198217017449,Recommended,243470,28090145,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Naygas,"Great game. If you do not understand Uplay Games and how they work I reccomend this game. I mean the concept is simple. The greatest part about this game is there is so much to do. Hack things, steal cars, and much more. It is a bit similar to GTA but they have their differences."
,Recommended,243470,33334098,Posted: 6 July,all,Dobby,There is a chess club. 11/10
76561198017040995,Not Recommended,243470,23660402,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Daruud,"Not exactly E3 2012Ubisoft has a bad habit of downgrading their games upon release.Like every visual aspect in the E3 demo was beautiful, alive and vivid.The world you saw in those 9 minutes of the video felt so real and everything: like the leaves in the wind, to the trash cans and shadows in the alleyways.To quote Ubisoft after showing their demo:""Everything is connected""That wasn't the case after the release in 2014. Now the NPC's in the world are mindless, low-rendered shadows of their former selves. The gameplay and graphics are horrible compared to what they first showed us.The connection is gone2 YEARS. And a massive change for the worse. It is almost as if they just released their early draft of the game. Or hyped up the game, quit working and lived happily on fat paychecks from an unfinished game.Somebody should hack Ubisofts accounts and give the people their money back.Dont fall for this, be skeptical, ask questions, show the big companies that the gamers won't stand for this!Oh look Watch_Dogs2 release in november tho bruh. høhøhøhø"
,Not Recommended,243470,33412864,Posted: 9 July,all,eaglefan,"A great concept, great hype before it was released but it never meets expectations.If you can get it cheap it is worth a little play.  I played it all the way through on PS and picked it up on sale on Steam so I would have it in my library but once I tried playing it again I remembered the empty feeling you get while playing the game.  The story is okay but the gameplay just doesn't hold its end of the deal."
76561198026909595,Recommended,243470,27343507,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Moop Dabbah,Its nice like roleplaying irl anomamouse :O
,Recommended,243470,10301826,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Jamala,It's like you're actually hacking.Warning nothing like real hacking.
,Recommended,243470,16032304,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,TheTacoFace_SP,you can hack♥♥♥♥♥♥and set your computer on fire
76561197972232265,Recommended,243470,13709516,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Smike,pretty nice game going around hacking nothing can go wrong :)
,Recommended,243470,30199190,Posted: 26 February,all,Lordminer27,Great storyline and an awesome game
,Not Recommended,243470,10524729,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,ThePlebyPleb,This game ruined my belief in Ubisoft.
,Recommended,243470,26704525,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,starcrescendo,"Its fun but flawed. I came back to this game after watching some Watch Dogs II videos and was really surprised why I never finished it.About 3 1/2 hours in, I remembered. It's too hard. And not strategically hard, I mean its just ridiculous AI that makes the game broken.Case 1: I followed a random encounter and waited to intervene until instructed. Upon doing so the suspect pulled out a gun and started shooting. I chased after him and finally caught and tackled him. Upon doing so I realized the cops that were also pursuing may not have been after him afterall but after me. For no reason.Case 2: There is a mission that you are supposed to drop off fancy cars. The cops immediately swarm you and if by chance you do get away, a helicopter follows you around indefinitely and never stops searching for you. WTFCase 3: I was walking around doing profiler and accidentally hit one of those steam pipe things that explode. It killed 3 people and a nearby person called the cops. They immediately start chasing after me? Again WTF? Why and how would they blame me for that?? So I tried to escape and ran into water and swam away from shore thinking I could relax there until the heat level goes down. Instead, a helicopter that I can't even see follows me around indefinitely until I finally just quit the game.I hope they addressed these issues in the next game because it makes this game unplayable. Despite some of the other claims, I really liked the story so far but its a shame I won't be able to experience it because the gameplay is buggy and flawed.Aforementioned broken cheaty cops, snipers don't seem to ever get distracted even if a device is going off right next to them, the buttons are quite finnicky, the profiler jumps from person to person with no easy way to control it, and there aren't enough safe houses.Despite all the hubbub about its launch with people trolling and complaining about the graphics, they are truly stellar. Probably the nicest part of the game, you can actually just walk around and take in the sights when flawed AI isn't constantly hounding you for crimes.If you are used to these games, you should give it a try. If you are like me and a ""GTA novice"" then I would skip it because this is too hard."
76561198083413875,Recommended,243470,11289810,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,everyone,me gusta
76561197961240772,Not Recommended,243470,10392047,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Mamurai,"I will try to be constructive about this game.First of all I have never liked uPlay, and having to use Steam and then uPlay to play a game isn't very convinient. This was especially true during the first days of Watch_Dogs were it could be difficult to login due to the amounts of people playing the game. Obviously this system is broken and shouldn't be used, but Ubisoft insists because of piracy which the paying customers then have to suffer over.The game itself is horribly optimized for the PC version, so you should already stay away if you don't have a fairly powerfull PC. I want to emphasize on this as the problem is very bad, and there is no excuse other than laziness why Ubisoft didn't think it was a good idea to spend more time on this.I also had a recent crash where the save game got corrupted and of course the uSync cloud thing uploaded the corrupted save game and overwrote that save game. This means I have to start over again! This is simply not good enough! It could have been avoided if you could save multiple times, but since Ubisoft wants to sell more copies per household you can only have 1! I have seen people on the Ubisoft forum who lost 20+ hours of gameplay because of this too!The graphics in the game are fine however and I can't complaint about them, although there is nothing in the game that truly blows you away and says ""Wow! This is next gen!"". Perhaps for console players, but the game doesn't look better than what I have seen on PC in the past.Gameplay wise the game is a GTA clone just like Sleeping Dogs, and sets you in a future Chicago. The main mechanic here is the ability to 'hack' things, or pressing the 'Q' button really because your phone is a bit of a magic wand in that regard. It works alright and can be fun at times, but I wish the developers would have used their imagination more about the potential of such a mechanic. It ends up in blowing up pipelines and turning lights green with your phone in short, and in my opinion it is wasted potential. The UI in the game is for the most part fine, but as should be expected from a console port it is also clunky at times. Overall the gameplay is fine and what you would expect from a GTA clone.At its current state I wouldn't buy the game. Perhaps a patch or two could fix the most pressing things in the future, but I can't recommend this game to anyone at the moment.TL;DRThe game is very poorly optimized for PC, the need to use Ubisofts uPlay sucks, if the game crashes your save games will be ruined and you need to start over, lost potential with the hacking theme, overall the gameplay is alright, can't recommend it due to all the issues at the moment."
,Recommended,243470,10267662,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,kels,"By far the closest thing to a modern, control everything Hack(assins) Creed."
,Recommended,243470,10271810,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,sauce,"SUMMARY- I did have fun but I do not recommend this game at full price. $30-$40 USD is my valuation.- The hacking mechanic gave gameplay a lot of depth.- Lots of copy pasted mechanics from Assassin's Creed.- Story and characters are forgettable.- Dark/Demon Souls style invasion mechanic.- Minor mouse control issues, but still playable.- Minor performance issues: Stuttering during high speed car chases.DETAILS1. THE STORYwas void of emotional impact. The events in the story that should have triggered some sort of emotional response from me, instead left no impression at all. By the end I did not feel a thing for any of the characters, including the main protagonist Aiden Pierce. The only memorable character was Jordi, but even he had very little impact in the story.2. CORE MECHANICSof the game were 90% copy pasted from previous Ubisoft titles. Now if you've never played Assassin's Creed or Far Cry then you are in luck, because a lot of the mechanics are robust the first time around. However, I've played  too many ACs and FCs and I'm frankly getting tired of it.- Hacking is the ""new"" mechanic introduced in Watch_Dogs. Surprisingly this mechanic adds a lot of depth to gameplay. When you are being chased by the mob or the cops you can raise road blockers, blow up steam pipes to get them off your tail. Missions where you are on foot, you can hack cameras, and use various means to eliminate or get around your foes. I THOUGHT THIS MECHANIC WAS A GIMMICK AT FIRST BUT SURPRISINGLY I WAS MISTAKEN.- Unlock ""Tower"" or in this case ctOS hubs and centers to further reveal the map and gain more ctOS access. This mechanic is copy pasted right out of Assassin's Creed. Even though stealthfully getting in and out of these were interesting, that doesn't discount the fact that this mechanic lacks originality. Ubisoft needs to start developing games instead of copy pasting old tired ideas.- Running and parkour mechanics are taken directly from Assassin's Creed. A lot of the tail missions are exact copies of AC tail missions.3. PROGRESSIONThe skill unlocks are pedestrian at best. The majority of the unlocks don't matter. There is nothing innovative, unique, or original about this skill system. You have Hacking, Driving, Crafting, and Combat: Except maybe the Hacking tree nothing in particular is worth mentioning.- Money is too easy to obtain in Watch_Dogs. You simply Hack someone's phone, and go to an ATM to get their money.4. MULTIPLAYER/COOPThere are a multitude of multiplayer modes in Watch_Dogs ranging from 1 v 1 to 4 v 4. There is also a free roam coop mode for up to 8 players. Coop, however, lacks ""coop"" activities. The free roam mode essentially becomes deathmatch, and coop mini games. The interesting part of multiplayer is the Dark Souls style invasion of ""hackers"" into your game if you allow it. To be frank this is the only interesting part of multiplayer.5. CONTROLSI played the entire game with Keyboard and Mouse, and though it's playable there are A LOT of issues that need to be addressed.- Mouse sensitivity is inconsistent between different menus. It is also different between free run, and aim modes. There are no seperate sensitivity sliders, which needs to be implemented.- Some menus also have no cursor, including the radial wheel for weapon selection. This makes it very tedious to change weapons and items during a high speed chase or fire fight.6. GRAPHICSWatch_Dogs for the most part is aesthetically pleasing. The texture quality is quite high, with great water and particle effects. Watch_Dogs is no doubt a pretty game.7. PERFORMANCEPlaying with an AMD R9 290, I didn't have too many issues with performance. After 14.6 beta drivers were released I was able to play the game at maximum settings with a managable 40-70 FPS. I did, however, experience a lot of stuttering during high speed car chases, but never on foot. This could be due to the amount of data that was streaming. I do not have an SSD, so those who do have an SSD may see better results."
,Recommended,243470,10254665,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,ShinTheKnight,"The game runs very well, and I can play on ultra settings with a few stutters here and there that I can bear with.My only gripes is the driving controls. They feel a little sloppy, but bearable over time.I've taken a walk around this virtual city to find many distinct npcs and many various interaction points between npcs. Now I understand why this game has such high system requirements.Yes, uPlay sucks. I've had issues with them in the past, but this game made me give them a 2nd chance. I have not been let down."
76561198036566518,Recommended,243470,11022389,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,scorpion_jedi,aWESOME!
76561198027252867,Recommended,243470,20418964,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Bohimen,"It's pretty darn good for a new ip. Pity the hype train was too big for it, but this isn't a bad game. If you like open world sandbox gameplay and some good shooter mechanics then this game is for you. It innovates just enough to be worth picking up. I'm not gunna lie, it has flaws. The Characters at times leave a lot to be desired. Aiden has more of a dark personality which may not resonate with some players. And the Hacking isn't as in depth as I was hoping for.But, it's a good start and I can't wait to see where they go from here."
,Not Recommended,243470,16564312,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Yapoz,TFW a PBS flash game has more realistic and believable hacking than this game:http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/nova/labs/lab/cyber/research#/newuser
76561197963699289,Recommended,243470,19336752,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Skydreamer,"This is probably my first post on Steam, but i decided that this game is worth the minutes to write it.I own a lot of games although i have very limited time to play and this review is from a perspective of a casual gamer that plays all different kind of games, from Batman, Watch Dogs, Secret files, X-COM etc. so lets get on with the quick review :)The game is absolutely magnificent. The story missions are really tied together and provide a ""cinematic"" type of gameplay but without geting boring as you can drive, shoot, hide, go stealth or go full attack meeting any gamers playstyle.I have an MSI GS70 with a GTX970 gpu and at ultra settings the graphics are phenomenal.From a game perspective, you can either follow the storyline and have a good time, or can also do various side missions to extend the overall game time.A lot of people complaint on forums outside of steam about the driving/stearing. From my perspective the driving is great and it adds a lot of fun to the game. The only thing that you can't do is shoot from within the car as a driver. I would like to see this feature in Watchdogs 2.From weapons, you have plenty but also keep in mind that the game focuses a lot on storyline, on the ability to allow you to complete missions on stealth or full frontal attack. At least half of the game i was using a silencer cause the stealth abilities of this game is very attractive.Personaly i didn't encounter any bug, or at least i didn't notice it.I highly recommend this game to all types of players, even casual ones.You will have great fun with this one.Windows 10 / MSI GS70 / Nvidia GTX960/ 16GB Ram / SSD drives"
76561198081015447,Recommended,243470,14898654,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Mr.SparklyPants,"I really enjoy this game. My pc can handle the ultra graphics perfectly and i also added the worse mod which made my game look like E3. It has plenty of activities, a touching story and destruction!!!"
,Not Recommended,243470,25154866,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Azura,"The game is not bad at all, but the port is one of the worst done ports I have ever seen. Won't ever recommend something that runs worse than f.e Witcher 3 while looking much uglier."
76561197971029144,Not Recommended,243470,13632193,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,rr.vonk,The controls (PC keyboard) for Watchdogs suck so heavilly that after 8 hours of playing I removed it from my library!Shame on you Ubisoft !!!!!!
76561198005966134,Not Recommended,243470,27940706,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,rawther.den,"Since it was on sale recently I thought I'd give it a shot.Unfortunately I did not even get around to play it. While the game itself might have been fun (I saw a few let's plays beforehand), the UPlay application is no fun at all.It [Uplay] starts up once, updates, crashes - game over.There is no patch or workaround, so, if your UPlay does work, be happy.Since Steam is a DRM application, why use another one? Or a third one? I hope this insanity ends one day- or Steam will not sell such games. At least they could place a warning, like with the games that do not run on new OS's.As it stands, I can not recommend W_D"
,Not Recommended,243470,28030720,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,PIGPIGPIGPIGPIGPIGPIGPIGPIGPIGPI,"While this game had an interesting and promising premise, I feel like the execution left a lot to be desired. Unfortunately, I was suckered into buying it from all the promises that were made and it didn't take long to realize that this game is more or less an extremely repetitive and gimmicky GTA-esque game where you roam around a city and do whatever you want. I would recommend this game only if you like any game that keeps with this formula, but must warn you that the game itself feels like it could have been so much more and it really shows as you play through it."
,Recommended,243470,16692170,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,LxrdPanda,"It's good, fun, no performance issues, stfu"
76561198004034546,Not Recommended,243470,20123816,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Dr. King Schultz,Reminds me of my ex.
,Recommended,243470,28772524,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,MAGGIE,Overhyped at launch? Yes. Bad game? No. (IT'S TEN BUCKS GET IT NOW TRUST ME LESS QUESTIONS MORE DIGGING THROUGH YOUR MOM'S BANK ACCOUNT)
,Recommended,243470,27562735,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Snoop DoGe,Best hacking game
,Recommended,243470,30791258,Posted: 28 March,all,titanic6903,Other people say the civilians and cars and graphics are bad I agree but I still think it's a great game
,Recommended,243470,13905208,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,M202 | Smiley Crack,"Very fun game, just very misleading during E3, and a very terrible port which leads to poor performance and very high minimum and reccomended computer specs. My computer meets the requirements except for one thing, a eight core processor, Seriously? Not everyone owns a supercomputer, should've ported it better."
76561198037402323,Not Recommended,243470,10261797,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Oniontrader,Its laggy and unplayable at this stage. Dont buy it. Wait a couple of weeks/months before buying it.
,Not Recommended,243470,10257679,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Ivory Templar,"If you look past the fact that you have to use Udon'tPlay to access the game.  As well as the fact that the AI is terrible.  As well as the fact that Ubisoft is run by morons.  As well as the fact that the game has several notable glitches.... yeah, you might like it, but you still probably won't.All in all, the game had a LOT of potential.  Forcing us to use the terrible Udon'tPlay was the first major mistake Ubisoft made.  The second was not making it possible for people to play the game less than 6 hours after it was released due to servers going down.  It wasn't communicated until more than 7 hours later that they're experiencing troubles and they're trying to get it resolved, BUT GOOD NEWS!  THEY MADE SURE YOU COULD GET THE UPLAY PROGRAM THAT YOU CAN'T CONNECT TO!!!♥♥♥♥ YEAH UBISOFT!-_-I will end the review with this.  The AI has surpassed WTF for me when it became psychic superman.  Aside from the fact it magically started to know I had setup traps approximately 180 yards ahead, I also had to deal with it seeing through solid objects that I was hiding behind.  It KNEW I was hiding without even know I was there.  On top of that, even if the AI was super paranoid, I never saw it open fire on random people on the sidewalk.  Oh, one thing you should know... the AI loves to kill its friends.  No matter what, it will make sure it will try to kill you even if that means killing its friends.Keep that last part in mind when you're having to take down, but not kill, 2 people in a heavily armed caravan of psychic idiotic rednecks."
,Recommended,243470,10249263,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Tigerspaz,Game runs surprisingly well with my mid range spec PC. GTX 760 & i5 4670k. High settings 60fps np. Was not expecting that. Gameplay is amazing. So much to do online and offline. Story is kinda slow in the beginning but it speeds up fairly quickly and gets pretty exciting. Everything takes a tiny bit to get used too but that's ok. The more in depth the better. I highly recommend this game to everyone of the right age. Happy Hacking.
76561198107228774,Not Recommended,243470,17290423,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,wigglepuppy24,TONS of bugs. Is it fun? Yes. Is it a carbon copy of every other ubisoft game made in the last five years? Also yes. It is a good formula but damn is it repetitive
,Not Recommended,243470,11951426,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,MadReizka,"The hacking grows old really fast, the missions are repetitive and usually annoying as hell.Exploring Chicago was the best part, as I really didnt like to play the main story since I didn't like the missions. (Stealth parts were ok, but driving around trying to catch ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s  grew old FAST.)Oh, and the missions being bad, the story itself is very boring and uninteresting.It has the usual Ubisoft sidestuff you can do while exploring (raid enemy ""camps"", finding towers etc.) you are familiar from FarCry3 and Assasins Greed.Also ♥♥♥♥ you Ubisoft for screwing with the graphics on the PC version. If you buy this game, use the mod to unlock the E3 graphics for this game.All in all, machined, forced new game that was way over hyped and not worth 50 bucks.Don't waste money, buy if it comes to sale on X-mas or next summer. Save your money for the GTA 5 PC release."
,Recommended,243470,10426922,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Origo,"What have we learnt with watch_dogs :-Everyone watching porn-Everyone is weird-Everyone is raging at videogames-Everyone watching pornAnyway, great game, it didn't need to be an open world to be honest & the hacking stuff is really awesome."
,Not Recommended,243470,25058918,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Raxev,"Bought the game on sale. What little time I could play was not bad, but it runs like a slide show on the lowest settings especially when driving and I have tried many of the suggestions across the forums to get it to run smoothly. My system more than meets the recommended requirements so until either an update comes along or I find some way to resolve the issues myself, I cannot recommend the game at the moment."
76561198211406627,Recommended,243470,29293903,Posted: 16 January,all,LIGHTNING BOLT,awesome game!!
,Recommended,243470,10271649,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,SysOp,"This is an objective review from a developer and player stand point. This game is great, period.As being main GTA's competitor, is obviously that comparisions are going to rise, but to make things short, where one falls short, the other does a great job.Is also unfair to compare it to GTA since they had like 8 games to polish the idea. As for uPlay and connection issues, GTA suffered from those as well.I just don't understand the hate. All I know is that I can play Watch Dogs on PC, while we still know nothing about GTA V on PC.Game suffers of course, of performance issues and the driving could use some work. I understand why driving is easy: if wouldn't be, being on wheels and hacking the city would be really complicated. Driving is NOTHING that will put you off, is just okay, I expected GTA IV physics tho. As for performance, all I had to do is using the pagefilecheck parameter, latest nvidia drivers and all set. Nothing absolutely terrible. Most of the people that experience issues are using likely a pirated version.As for graphics, which people seems to only focus on that, is great. The problem is that you need a decent machine to use medium settings, otherwise ligthing might look dull on day time. Game shines when it rains, as it uses some advanced techniques to render any type of water.Didn't play the story much, but from what I've seen, is good enough. People might say is another vigilante wannabe story, but hey, GTA uses the same 'raising up from the hood', which is nothing wrong tho.Game is just fun. Don't mind the reviews, use a legal copy, make sure your PC is good enough and enjoy the game. If you play on the GTA vs W_D mindset, just remember: ""where one falls short, the other does a great job"""
76561198131217494,Recommended,243470,29291352,Posted: 15 January,all,GMCtyphoon92,Loved It
,Recommended,243470,10384930,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,sohcf,"Just finished the main plo, love the story, interesting gameplay, way more interesting then GTA.Uplay.... Still hates it."
,Recommended,243470,10383013,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,OvrGwn,"Really awesome game, kinda like A better version Of GTA"
,Recommended,243470,29301252,Posted: 16 January,all,ERROR_X2™,I love this game its fun and all but the biggest problem with it its unplayable on a 1050ti (fps is around 40 drops to 20 in cars) without editing the game XML file but with the small little fix its perfect and fun
,Recommended,243470,10383200,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,clank41,looooooove it
76561198028735697,Recommended,243470,13860961,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Bauke Bouma,How can I get online
,Recommended,243470,12734982,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Mr Hero,didnt live up to the hype but still fun
,Recommended,243470,12786377,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Bishop,Nice storyline!
,Recommended,243470,23910699,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Mukky,"I really like this game, I was just walking around and saw someone flying a drone in a park and people getting their photo taken. it was cool"
,Not Recommended,243470,17275600,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,hotshot990,i didnt even get to play the game you have to install ubsoft regster then use 1-3 diffrent prod keys just to play (mine didnt work)
,Recommended,243470,19412498,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,PytSkee,"Great game. Awesome gameplay, great story, fun weapons, not too difficult. And good graphics to back it up."
,Recommended,243470,21194394,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,FieryEgon,"It's gta, but you can hack♥♥♥♥♥♥and you're more squishy, pretty cool."
76561198013978438,Not Recommended,243470,16499760,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Fawar,Boring game - bad GTA - bad hacking -
,Not Recommended,243470,16512604,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Pladimir Vutin,"definetely overhyped. 10/10 would r8 againWatch_Dogs, A.K.A. discount gta."
76561198050859650,Not Recommended,243470,16474858,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Brother Phantom,this is a terrible waste of money please do not buy it.
76561198074727636,Not Recommended,243470,16490723,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Cracker with Cheese,"This isn't the game I saw at E3, is it?!?"
76561198109858979,Recommended,243470,28380148,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Kalimonde,"This game is an improved GTA made for techies 9.5/10Pros:- Chicago is a fresh city to explore, and very dynamic- Graphics are ultrarealist, you can spend hours lookin into every tiny detail- Hacking is really fun, even on a vending machine- The story is quite interesting, way more appealing than Rockstar sillinessCons:- There are so many things you can do with your phone that you often forget the keyword controls.- Same with menus, the interface may not be much intuitive sometimes"
,Recommended,243470,10266733,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Ez3z,"This is a great game, as soon as you get to PLAY it.Uplay is a serious issue, lose it and go steam!"
76561198087366106,Not Recommended,243470,11188556,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Tue,This game just SUCK
76561198055410369,Not Recommended,243470,11229504,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Col. Mustard,This game failed to deliver on every one of its promises. It got very boring and repetitive and the multiplayer is just absolutely♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,243470,11274823,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Killswitch1027,"This game has been out for almost 2 months now and the performance is still abysmal. Ubisoft has been known for their shotty PC performance, but man does this take the cake. I refuse to buy and Ubisoft game from this point on. Never have I experienced such buyer's remorse."
,Recommended,243470,10266711,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Anthrax Prime,"So, a lot of people have been complaining about the game sucking hard core because of constant crashes on AMD rigs. I am playing this game on an AMD processed computer along with an Radeon HD series and I have had NO problems with the game. It crashed twice, but the game has been good other than that. I guess I lucked out. So if you are on an AMD rig and have yet to purchase the game; BE WARY. Seems a lot of people have had problems with the game on their AMD rigs, but I have lucked out. Intel users should have nothing to fear though by the sounds of it. Also...Uplay is required which sucks because it does a terrible job with integrating Steam and Steam thinks I've hardly touched the game.Now, let me talk to you about this great game. The tutorial was not really a tutorial. It is like being thrown out of a plane without a parachute and you're expected to find the parachute that was thrown out with you, and get it on you before you hit splat! That is the best way I can explain the first level for you. They tell you the controls and the objectives, and that is about it. You havr to figure out everything else because this game WILL NOT hold your hand. I wouldn't call it Dark Souls hard, but it can be a pretty frustrating game.You play as Aiden Pearce. A man who is trying to get revenge and right his wrongs after he gets his 6 year old niece killed for his hacking career. The game takes place eleven months after her death and you can tell right off the bat that Aiden is still troubled by her death and that he blames himself for it. He is all about family though and protecting his sister and his nephew.  I actually connected to him right off the bat, the voice acting was good and everything just felt...right.Watch_Dogs gives you new tools at your disposal like hacking. It can really add an edge to combat because believe me, shooting enemies without your hacks is much harder than just taking the extra time to try and go in quietly and pick your enemies off one by one. Whether you disable reinforcement, explode pipes enemies are nearby, or distract them. Gun mechanics are pretty good too, but you can't get into the mindset that Aiden is a Halo Spartan or CoD soldier because he isn't. You have to be careful and always want to take cover because you will die if you aren't careful and patient in this game.You can also stop crimes, hack other users, profile people, and hack bank accounts. There is much more than that, but what I listed is just a handful. Some people in the comment section claimed they stole cash from someone diagnosed with cancer. So yes.... you can be a total d*** in this game.I would highly recommend this game to anyone honestly. You can tell a lot of time and effort went into the making of this game and everything feels right and emersive. I have a hard time turning the game off once I sit down to play! Expect a really long main campaign, and just remember to be smart about the game when you go into it. Use to tools Ubisoft gave you like your phone and take advantage of it. The game is a must!Again, AMD users need to either do their research or risk getting the game. Like I said, I play on my AMD rig and have had only two crashes with the game. I have had no problems though after that. Game runs extremely well on my build so I got lucky; doesn't mean you will though. Intel users- you guys should have nothing to fear."
,Recommended,243470,10265408,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Cypher,Fun game. Needs to drop uplay support though and go to steam.
,Not Recommended,243470,10265579,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Poobar,"Crashes every 30min - 1 Hr. Sometimes when it crashes it wipes my savegame too. Graphics drivers up to date, playing offline, etc. Don't buy; wait for fixes. A shame because that first hour or so is pretty bloody good!"
76561198086162694,Not Recommended,243470,10266241,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,ATSgeoff,"Utterly UTTERLY♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off with Ubisoft, I have had about 4 different error messages whilst trying to play this game, the Uplay application is absolutely awful to the point here I can't even play the game that I have payed money for.First time I tried to play I received error: ""uplay has detected an unrecoverable error"" and would not load the game after countless tries and various online advised solutions, had to wait several hours before I could actually access the game.Once I started the game I bumped all the graphics up to full which I know my machine is capable of doing but for some reason my character, walls and even the floor was see through, I had to bump my anti-liasing down to pretty low to fix this fault which is very disappointing.I come to play the game again today and the game now gives me a different error (which I have never in my whole Steam life, experienced until Watch Dogs): ""Failed to Start Game (Missing Executable)"" - I am now completely unable to play the game no matter what solution I try and no matter what Steam support have advised.Completely and utterly♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off with Ubisoft!!!"
76561198049944015,Not Recommended,243470,10266412,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,grasharm,I don't know why I was expecting something different but I was .  Just another GtA knock off.  I was really dissapointed in a game that is supposed to be about a hacking vigilante the most dangerous criminals are the cops who will drive on the sidewalks and through parks to catch their man.
76561197968003870,Not Recommended,243470,10266477,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Netami,♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ing console port.
,Recommended,243470,10266605,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Vix Sparda,I deffinitly recommend. why? because the issues below. i havent had. anyone who decided to slam this game due to uplay and crashes. get a better pc.
,Recommended,243470,10266699,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,QtheMuse,"Good Game, Poor Presentation.Good:The game itself is sold; the story, the characters, and the setting make it very enjoyable. The info that is spread to all of the individual characters can be amusing as well as make the player feel like a voyeur, which is very nice. Sometimes I felt like checking people out with the profiler just to see what their little story is. The voice acting and there is a TON of voice acting is great, lots on conversations to eavesdrop on, many things to see. The sound track and selection of music in the cars is also spot on.The sound in this game is also good, from gunshots to the echoes of police cars; the sound is very well done.The story is good, if weird since in the beginning this person niece dies so he goes ballistic, I guess it was to avoid the was dad and daughter died type deal.There is a lot of new things from any open world game in it like hacking cameras, the cover system is top notch, as well as interaction with the environment is something that many games haven't messed with yet.The premise is also realistic; this could happen to an extent as our world is more connected more and more things could be hack able.Bad:The driving is difficult to get a hand of, the cars either leap at the touch of your fingers to the keypad or slow to a crawl. Sometimes I wanted to blend in with driving but I always ended up speeding.Unplay too many is something people love to complain about and I will leave it to your own opinions. As for graphics, its very system intensive and you probably are going to have some slowdowns, set graphics to low and just play and hopefully some patches will improve the stability or better graphics card drivers.Final Grade: BDespite the flaws, this game can hold its own. Wait for a bit if you do not like glitches."
76561198085076980,Not Recommended,243470,10266359,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Eydis,"Let me start by saying I wanted to love this game, I really did.As far as game design goes watchdogs is a solid game but fails to make many innovations. The hacking in this game is undercooked and oversimplified and the combat plays out like any other typical third person open world shooter. The story is decent and many of the characters have fleshed out dialogue and colorful personalities.If there were no other problems with this game I would recommend it. Sure, the hacking mechanics that were supposed to set it apart from other GTA-esque games were rather lacking and some strange design features such as other players being able to intrude on your single player session were incorporated. But at the end of the day this is a solid game with a decent story and interesting characters. However the thing that makes me not reccommend this game are the frustrating and clunky controls, constant crashes, poor optimization for PC, and game breaking bugs that occur constantly.As soon as I started playing it was evident how clunky the controls in this game felt. Mouse acceleration makes aiming difficult and slow. It is a constant fight with the game to make Aiden use the right object as cover. No, I do not want to crouch on the side of the vending machine as cover, I want to crouch behind it. The UI in this game was clearly designed for controllers, everything from the inventory wheel to Aiden's smartphone interface is very clunky to use with a mouse and keyboard. There is also a gamebreaking bug that when more than one directional key such as 'A' and 'W' are pressed when aiming at a target with your weapon, your character will not stop moving in that direction after you stop aiming which results in a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ looking jog into walls and enemies resulting in a death. This bug occurs constantly in combat.Watchdogs also suffers from extremely poor GPU optimization. My machine is getting old but with 2xHD6950's and an i5 2500k I expected at least smooth performance on medium-high. Instead on medium-high settings at 1080p resolution the game stutters along sub-30 fps in outside environments. When driving there are also extremely annoying instances where the fps will spike down to 10 or so every few seconds. In addition, Watchdogs randomly crashes to desktop every so often.If it wasn't for these extremely frustrating control issues, optimzation issues, and random crashes I would have recommended Watchdogs, but because these exist: please please please do not buy this game until these issues are sorted out. It will only result in hours of frustration.Without bugs and Issues: 7/10Final Score: 3/10"
,Recommended,243470,10266606,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Hefty,"It's good and all, but uPlay is not good. I launch from steam, to get to uPlay, so I can launch Watch_Dogs? People want to play the game ASAP when they buy it. Not 45 mins later. Gameplay is good though, hacking isnt realistic but whatever. Its good for creative people who want to play it their way"
76561198050993000,Not Recommended,243470,10266739,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Gamers Mind,"game won't start most of the time and when it starts i can't start the campaign becouse it disconects my screen for a while and crashes in at that point or freezes my whole computer, until it's fixed i am stuck with a broken game."
76561197988471200,Recommended,243470,10265776,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Blind Panic,Grand Theft Deus Ex
,Recommended,243470,10266650,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,clam,"I don't have any problems with crashing. I get a solid 60 FPS with an NVIDIA GeForce GTX 670. But, because UPlay sucks, the servers crash often and it takes awhile to get into the game.But the gameplay, in my opinion, is great. I love the story so far and freeroaming is very fun. Side missions are great aswell. And if you're getting bored? Stop a criminal. Invade a gang hideout. Still bored? Do some online hacking, or online freeroaming with your friends, or online this or online that, there's a lot of online gamemodes.So, most of the bad reviews are because it crashes often for AMD users and because UPlay sucks. Overall, it's a great game and I recommend it, but if you have an AMD card, I recommend not to buy it until there is a fix."
76561197977021579,Not Recommended,243470,10266166,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Rally,Unplayable.  Do Not Pay money for this game as it doesn't work.   Their servers are overloaded cuz they couldn't  trust Steam DRM and couldn't be bothered to build their own servers capable of handling even a logon to their garbage site.Server unavailable to reset an old Uplay password and too overloaded to create a new account.
76561197974598701,Not Recommended,243470,10266199,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Satai,No Ubisoft title ever again
76561198073619050,Recommended,243470,10266235,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,PICKLE RICK,"We understand, Uplay sucks, but that doesnt make the quality of the game horrible. The ONLY negative thing I've heard or experienced is Uplay, and that has nothing to do with the game itself. The game is fantastic, with beautiful graphics (if you don't have a horrible computer which most people who are writing negative reviews have) and a compelling story. The city is near life like, with so many different citizens who actually feel individualized. With perverts who watch torture porn to the youth leaders, the population is diverse. They interact with you depending on your standing with the city. If you're a vigilante, they will rarely call the cops and seem amazed when you walk amongst them, if you're a no good black hat hacker, then the city and the people in it will do whatever it takes to bring you down...IF they can find you. The gunplay and the driving are so fluid, and sneaking around ctOS officers and picking them off with a mix of your phone and a silenced pistols brings the powerful feeling that is remeniscent of the Arkham series. All in all, this game is fantastic, but it doesnt come without it's flaws,  which sadly... is multiplayer. The lack of freedom in ""free"" roam renders it almost useless, and the absence of lobbies or being able to buddy up with your friends makes the Decryption mode a little less enjoyable. However, the 1 v 1 modes work really well and are actually not a nuisance when they pop up in the middle of your singleplayer. With a few updates and stable servers then this multiplayer could surpass GTA and be the top dog of free roam multiplayer (excuse the pun). I give this game a 9/10 with the beautiful singleplayer, but falls short of a 10 because of the issues with multiplayer. GET THIS GAME!!!"
,Recommended,243470,10321947,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Bebeop,"Is Watch Dogs perfect? No.Was it hyped? Yes.Was it Ubisoft's fault? No. Hype is a fan-created thing. Every time.Is the game still gorgeous? Yes.Is the game still fun? Yes.Is it worth your money? Yes.With a fantastic single player story that shows you how dangerous our world can become (in a sense, this is in no way ""real"" hacking) by giving our security over to Big Brother without a way for the average citizen to monitor the people monitoring them, the game is a dystopian story that will send a chill or two down your spine.The game itself has a decent amount of detail, while leaving out other details. Odd ones such as bullets not causing a splash in water, reflections not matching up, and cockpits of cars being static, or puddles being copy-pasted hundreds of times.But then there's the parts that get it right. The rain forming on the ground, slowly and drops pinging off your hood. The ""people watching."" The feeling of a living city.Then there is the integration of a Dark Souls meets Assassin's Creed multiplayer. It is great fun. Never should you turn it off, and definitely, you should download the companion app to chase other people and watch them fail as you control the cops and the city (available now on Android and iOS). You feel like the world is filled with other players, especially with the Four-Square-esque collectable game. Allowing you to collect gifts like money and become mayor of a hotspot.The free roam was a let down, sadly. If you can even get it to work, there isn't much to do. They could have easily made a GTA styled online with Death Matches, or world PVE content such as Gang Hideouts and Fixer Contracts. None of which are there.Races are boring, often resulting in only 2 or 3 participants. Online Decryption is so sad, I have only ever been in free for all matches, and they are always mid-game joining. So losing noteriety(spelling?) is happening often.You cannot choose what you play either as far as sub types. You can choose decryption, but not if it is Teams or Free for All.Dont let this sway you, though. The first 3 mentioned (Tailing, hacking, and ctOS mobile) are a blast. You will invade other players, stalk them while pretending to be NPCs and just watch the stupid crap they do. Or hack them and watch as they run around desperately trying to find you. Or take the role of a cop and use the city against a player. Respectively described.All of which can and will happen to you as well, with no warning.The ambient music that kicks in is always top notch, but the actual soundtrack with ""radio"" music playing is attrocious. Turn it off. Immediately.So is it worth your money? I'd say so. I'm having a blast, tons of collectables to find, places to explore, and easter eggs to uncover. Side missions such as solving a serial killer's murder-spree and stopping sex trafficking. The multiplayer is more than always fun if you let it happen naturally.I highly recommend only playing with a controller. It's almost impossible to act like an NPC with a keyboard and mouse.Hope to see you in Chicago!"
,Recommended,243470,10266731,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Petroph,"In all honesty, I was very skeptical when I was hearing many negatives about the game. However, this is just one of those games where I just ignored the reviews of many, mainly with AMD cards and personal opinions with no value other than ""dont buy it, its crap cause its ubisoft”.This game is something very unique as has a compelling story so far, in the time I have played it. There are plenty of things to do that keep you busy and I find that I find myself walking more than driving, while checking out people’s lives, listening to phone conversations, or even stealing personal bank information to get some money. Sometimes you’ll come across a crime being committed and you can just sit and watch as other pedestration run for their lives, or being a hero and putting the criminal down. Driving in Watch_Dogs isn’t your GTA style driving, but adds enough unique gameplay that you can ignore certain aspects of the arcadey driving.In my short time of playing it already, just 9+ hours already, the game has enough unique and fun gameplay that immerse you into the universe more than some other AAA titles out there. Haven’t tried the multiplayer aspect of the game as of yet, as the single player aspect is more than enough to keep me busy. Of course, you want to keep your eye out for the occasional player that my pop in and try to hack you, or so I hear.The release of Watch_Dogs was a bit sketchy with Uplay having many problems with its services, as always and the numerous optimization problems from various users. With research there are many solutions to these optimization problems, that many, who are complaining, are simply too lazy to look for.My simple solution was this: adding “-disablepagefilecheck” without quotes, to my “set launch options” on steam. Just on my quick readings this has something to do with saving information into your ram for faster access rather than a potential hardware limiting Hard drive. I could be wrong of course, however this solution worked for me.In the end the game itself is a great buy. I plan on spending many more hours into this game, and even plan to play it with some friends when I’m ready ;). There is much more content to this game then what is in this review, but I would rather play the game than sit here and talk about it :P.My recommendation is a definite buy. However, being an AMD user you may have more problems than I, so use caution when deciding to buy."
,Recommended,243470,10269993,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,federica tutto quello che ho,"The hype for watchdogs was huge and sold a astonishing amount on the date of release, I can even admit I was one of the people who stayed up until midnight to get to play it. Now of coarse games don't always turn out to be as good as they seem, however watchdogs is not one of those games. Many people thought that the whole ""Hack the city"" and hacking would be not as good and free as it seems and it would only be to fixed objects at fixed times. This is somewhat true to a ceratin extent. Technically there are only certain objects you can hack but you can do it at anytime you want and there is no limits or missions you have to be on. In my opinion the game would be worth buying just due to the free roam. A quick summary of the free roam is basiclly you can hack anything that you could hack in missions, there is more than enough to do and explore, and overall probably will keep its fun factor as long as the game does which will probably be a long time! Now onto the campaign, some games have exceptionally well free roam but a not so good or ""decent"" campaign, a example could be Grand Theft Auto V with a decent campaign. However WatchDogs has a very enjoyable campaign and in the second mission I was already developing emotions for the characters. Aidens 6 year old neice dieing sets a very serious tone and gives the game what it needs to have a serios, entertaing, emotion full, and action packed campaign! Hacking was a new thing to be added to a game at such a wide variety and WatchDogs made it look very good, don't be suprised to see upcoming games introduce this aswell! So overall, WatchDogs is a very fun game and is well worth the 60 Bucks!Graphics - 10/10Free Roam - 10/10Campaign - 10/10Hacking - 10/10Hope this review helped you!"
,Recommended,243470,23756271,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Kappa,its a very good game altohugh multiplayer kinda sucksmy latpop is supposed to be unable to run the game (my gpu sucks) but on low settings 720p i could get around 24 fps which is playablealthough i had a problem with game crashes every 5 minutes i just had to go offline in uplay and then it would rarely crash which i would still expect because my gpu sucks (and it has to be gpu based because the screen was freezing but everything else would keep playing normally and then after 5-6 seconds i was facing my desktop)if you meet the minimum requirments and want the game i would suggest that you buy the gamethe driving is a bit weird sometimes but other than that the game looks like flawless to me
76561198126110778,Not Recommended,243470,23681532,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Tiny-Little-Butthole-Mouth,"After playing the game for a short while at a friend's house, and decently enjoying my experience, I saw that Watch Dogs was on sale on Steam. Having a couple of extra bucks lying around, I decided to buy the game. And while it may have been fun on console, it is literally unplayable on PC. Even mods claiming to improve the performance of the game proved useless. At this point in the game, I am required to drive some guy around Chicago to escape the police. I literally can not continue the game, as driving in the game is impossible due to said immense lag. Amazing port, great job Ubisoft, proud of you."
,Not Recommended,243470,12714064,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,SiggyCloud,This game is badly ported and utter trash don't buy it at any cost.
76561198025162775,Not Recommended,243470,12986547,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all, Xander ,"PIRATE IT! If you want to play this game, do it for free. There is better support for the pirated verson than there is from the one you pay for. I have a new top of the line costum built PC, with an Nvidia card that SHIPPED with this game, and the game BSOD my computer constantly. It seems to think I have bad memory, but I don't. It's just a poorly ported game, and despite it being a well know issue, Ubisoft doesn't seem interested in fixing it."
,Recommended,243470,11762208,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Leb,"Overall rating: ""Not bad""Pros:- Decent story (kind of meh but I liked the ending)- MP invasions a lot of fun- Lot's of stuff to do (although not GTA tier)- TheWorse Mod fixing the graphicsCons- Ubisoft releasing this in a broken mess- Uplay- Poor Performance even on good machines (better now after latest patch, still unexplained stutters)- Did not live up to the hype train- Graphics shown at E3 not included in gameTL:DRBuy it on sale, don't bother with the digital deluxe or seasons pass, they really don't add anything interesting.If your not a big fan of open world ""GTA-alikes"" I wouldn't bother at all, because as far as things go in this genre there are better games."
76561197989990773,Recommended,243470,10300638,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,TheRealDrHouse,"I am surprised at the number of negative reviews, I've had no issues playing the game on my rig (AMD 6300 CPU, 8GB RAM, HD7950 3GB video card, 256GB SSD).  Servers seem to have a hard time keeping up with login demands, but that will fix itself in time.  Exploring is a lot of fun, car chases and dealing with ""fixers"" is a hoot.  Hacking is a bit tedious at times, and there is a lot happening at once, I understand this can frustrate gamers used to the simplicity of other open world games such as the GTA series (of which I am also a fan).  Overall, I'd still give it a solid 8.5 out of 10.EDIT: I just finished the main story and will give this a better score than previously stated, 9 out of 10.  Looking forward to a sequel."
,Not Recommended,243470,10257225,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Cdn_bacon,"Currently having issues with just getting it to work, not liking this so far..."
,Not Recommended,243470,10257352,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Mr. Catfish,"♥♥♥♥ing. Ridicious. I paid 60 bucks for a game that doesnt even ♥♥♥♥ing work, GET YOUR♥♥♥♥♥♥TOGETHER UBISOFT. Hundreds of thousands of customers can not even ♥♥♥♥ing play the game due to how ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ubisoft planned it out. Uplay is down so now its not just the game I can not even ♥♥♥♥ing sign in, how wonderful. [UPDATE] due to how much money nvidia was ♥♥♥♥ing into watch dogs mouth amd is now being anally ♥♥♥♥ed so hard that users with even one AMD product are being butt♥♥♥♥ed. Utter♥♥♥♥♥♥watch dogs, utter♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198059110645,Not Recommended,243470,10257166,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,"Flamingkitty ""Skill Of Noob""","Ubisoft better get a patch out soon, this game is pretty unplayable so far, it crashes before the first scene is completly finished and i have a pretty damn good computer so it isn't that."
,Recommended,243470,12254366,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Ironcore,Damn cool Game!
,Recommended,243470,33078183,Posted: 1 July,all,_J_,It's pretty good.
,Recommended,243470,14847850,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Sharky,Its a very good game but only 17 houers of game play so worth 60$ i'd say no but 40$ is more like it
,Recommended,243470,16389438,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,ThatGuyBenny,The gamplay is so much fun and the story is amazing. The only con to this game is that the game doesn't run so good.
76561198070319421,Recommended,243470,16064580,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,CarpetHater,"very fun and i would recomend buying it but, you should wait untill its next sale. i was getting really sad when it was almost at the ending of the game because i had so much fun. sad ending. 8.5/10 (hoping for suprising a sequel)"
,Not Recommended,243470,12700969,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Namelus,"I spent quite alot of time doing side missions. The actual scope of the game is rather well done. The city is beautiful. Even though the graphics have been downgraded and not delivered as promised, its still rather pretty.I enjoy the semi bullet time ower that you have, I like the setting, the main character is incredibly boring and bland. I understand where hes coming from but it just seems so.... I don't know? Not relatable i suppose. The main character is upset because his niece died but you can't really relate to it because you didnt actually see her die or play through it. Not like assassins creed 2 where ezio's family dies. Its just not emotive enough.Performance issues are terrible. Poorly optimised. Uplay is rather annoying.All in all, its not worth the price they sell it.Perhaps the sequel will be better but this one just doesn't cut it."
,Not Recommended,243470,12717108,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,tlei_91,"Spent 50 bucks for a endless loading screen.Thumbs up for me.May you burn in hell, ubisoft.Don't even give a damn about the AC unity anymore.Just please, burn in hell."
,Not Recommended,243470,26987852,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[ZPS] WEB,Controls and complexity ruin this game for me.
76561198084863853,Recommended,243470,27479661,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ThunderX,Nice Game
76561198021988535,Not Recommended,243470,10266334,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Roelero,All my hopes and dreams for this game are shattered
,Recommended,243470,10329958,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Space Doge,The game is fine its just F***ing uplay not working :( i dont recomend for now
,Not Recommended,243470,11754598,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Charlie 2.0,Cannot be more disappointed. Seriously the most anticipated game of the year and has so many bugs its pretty much unplayable. I cant unlock any of my skills despite having the skill points and the online play is impossible. The game never remembers my graphics settings and I have to reset to the window to fullscreen.-10/10
76561198066523242,Recommended,243470,10386064,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,ColaKing,nice game not more then that but for 100h of fun its worf it :D
76561197993272625,Recommended,243470,14398850,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,User,"I have several friends who say that regret buying this game. But thats mainly because they are total iditots who have ADD and can not play out a storyline. Watchdogs has been citisized to hell because people percieve it as a borderline FPS but that is only because they do not have the patience to play it is a sneaker game. Also the storyline paralells to modern day government privacy intrusion are scarry to say the least. The one QR code mission involving observing your life via facebook is downright terrifying. I don't and will never have a facebook but it made me cringe for all the facebook ferries out there who post everything about their lives, as it shows how vulnerable they allow themselves to be. Don't be a sheep, be a sheepdog. But DO PLAY WATCHDOGS! It is an awesome game!"
,Recommended,243470,23676037,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Mr . Goat Cheese,I dont know how to play poker but i win everytime.
,Recommended,243470,10386794,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Skrülåg,amazing game fun in stealth and more than a third person shooter hacking makes the game much funer
,Recommended,243470,14843952,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,dr cookie,this game got a lotof people very mad becauseit didn't look nice-haiku
,Recommended,243470,33336198,Posted: 7 July,all,LarryMenta,"Great history, I'm still mad about the downgrade tho"
76561198196101805,Recommended,243470,33560590,Posted: 15 July,all,notchxl,"Pretty good game easy controlls to eventually master. One of downsides is the driving and hand-to-hand combat, but other than that I really enjoyed this game. Yeah yeah yeah everyone says the graphics at E3 weren't as good as the ones in the actual game, but really the graphics look ok and it compensates by having a huge city to explore. I give this game an 8/10."
76561198043541164,Not Recommended,243470,14092182,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,john-paul-mikkelson,Awful. Crashes even before the first cutscene. I cannot believe how cheap ubisoft is that they won't even patch a game to be a semi-working product. Despicable.
76561198010179550,Not Recommended,243470,14114840,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,BigRohrer,game does not work keeps crashing
,Recommended,243470,10318555,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Psiursus,"If you have seen me on steam then you know a ton of games. I have not been as impressed by a game like this in a long time. Watch_Dogs is absolutly amazing. The online play and story mode are great. If you get one big game this year, this is it.The graphics are fantastic, AI is a bit silly /realistic, and best of all the story is not annoying to continue doing imo."
,Not Recommended,243470,24102788,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,MBRound18,Overall great mechanics but it did get repetitive
76561198047990283,Not Recommended,243470,10257231,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Swag Rilla,Unrunnable on most AMD machines
,Not Recommended,243470,24088114,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,ΩMEGA.K,"WARNING UPLAY MAKES THIS GAME EVEN MORE FRUSTRATING!!!Got this in the humble bundle and I'm glad I got it for the lowest price possible because this game is a mess.It looks better than I had hoped but it makes no sense. You're dropped into the game properly after an intro with no real understanding of who you are playing. So that part is bearable as you'll learn more as you play however he's a vigilante and for some reason wants to hunt down and kill people. If I knew his reasoning then maybe I'd be more on board with his agenda.Hacking is so minimal and consists mostly of stealing money from random people or spying on them. This is a big let down as there was potential for so much. An example being that you don't really need guns or need to kill anyone. Of course you have to in order to progress but had the emphasis been more on stealth and hacking; then it would have stood out more.It's essentially a GTA clone without the humour. Except when you kill someone, either intentionally or by accident, people can & will call the police to hunt you down. The difference here is that you can evade them fairly easily and even craft items to block communications.There are some wickedly fun minigames involving a giant spider tank and some cyborgs. I've put more time into the minigames than I have the main mission.In short it lacks its own identity and comparing it with GTA is impossible not to do as the parallels are already there. That's not Watch_Dogs fault but it does nothing to stand out and that says a lot considering it is meant to be about a big time hacker.Get it on the cheap because it's not really worth full price. However be warned that you need Uplay in order to launch the game and Uplay makes me want to demand a refund so often."
,Recommended,243470,12749230,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Snow16,"This game is probably my all time favorite game great graphics and story even if people say it's a rip off of GTA, and has issues if you don't have an amazing computer, but If you love to just sit around for hours, playing through an enjoyable openworld; It's just unfortunate that this game doesn't have a stronger story."
,Recommended,243470,27103304,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,果恩多樂,i think this game not bad for play but the multiplayer a little bit sucks so i hope the watch dogs 2 not like this one
,Recommended,243470,10436198,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,MetalCloud,"Watch_Dogs... I like it. I mean, the gameplay and storyline are fantastic (though a patch for driving fast with high graphics would be nice). But one thing... ONE THING THAT SCREWED THIS THING... UPlay. Thanks Ubisoft."
76561197981294519,Not Recommended,243470,10257169,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Jeremiah,"Nigh unplayable. Multiplayer matchmaking servers are broken, which means you can't even find any other players. This game's launch is tremendously awful. Half of my friends can't even download their copies."
,Not Recommended,243470,10257264,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Nex,"I was very excited for this game. What a let down, it is super laggy, I am running 2 gtx 770's and an i-5 4760k there is no reason I shouldn't be able to play this. The game lags any time you take off in a car, turn corners, or even try to look around in the open world. Even dispite that if the game play was the least bit interesting I would try to tough it out and enjoy it. However, everything is boring and doesn't my attention. I tried to play this game for 2 hours and finally just gave up on how boring it is.Save your money, buy Wolfenstein: The New Order."
,Not Recommended,243470,10256671,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Mtn Dew Meow,"Terrible game, the controls are♥♥♥♥♥♥ the game looks like♥♥♥♥♥♥ it plays like♥♥♥♥♥♥ and it doesn't run well on a 780ti. This game is a joke don't buy it."
76561198020702410,Not Recommended,243470,10257260,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Scruffy,"Game is good, engine unoptimised for PC (blame consoles) and UPLAY sucks major A$$!I payed to play this game and I am still unable to log into UPLAY account, further more UPLAY does not allow easy name change! Well FU!Give me my money back!"
,Not Recommended,243470,10256121,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Merry Kweznuz,"This game is dissapointing and unbalanced. The side quests are too hard, the main campaign is too easy, and none of the shootouts are really engaging. Driving is about 90% of this game, and Ubisoft had the brilliant idea to make driving the hardest aspect of the game. The only two good things about this game are the car chases and the storyline. Yes, driving is hard, but that makes it interesting when you are being pursued by the police, or pursuing someone else, like a target or another player. The storyline is interesting and unique, but with all the sidequests & open world activities, you barely ever see any of the storyline. If you are the kind of gamer who likes fun and engaging TPS gaming, then this is not the game for you."
,Recommended,243470,23698849,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Squashbuckler,"This game was a solid title from Ubisoft. Nothing to write home about, but a game similiar to GTA and assassins creed with hacking as the main theme. Decent cutscreens and decent acting, all in all, not bad at all.I would recommend for under 20 dollars. I enjoyed the 35 hours I put into it, it really took me in."
,Not Recommended,243470,30438519,Posted: 10 March,all,nach0king,"There is a showstopping bug involving online quests that I cannot get past, so I can't continue the game. It was pretty enjoyable for a few hours but apparently this is a known issue with only workarounds (no fix) and none of the workarounds work for me, so I'm uninstalling and requesting a refund."
76561198019909063,Recommended,243470,14869478,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,the great cornholio,"why did they make watch dogs like everyone knew who you are ;_;i would recommend this game, but really come on! im tailing some dude and im just looking at my phone like all the other npc around me and the one im tailing is like DAT MOTHA FUKA IS AIDEN PIERS.aren't i supposed to be Anonymous? (not like THE Anonymous)like one of the mission with the beddug or what ever he is  like WHO ARE YOU...?(when you call him)Everyone in the crew know how i look like, so how the hell is that now obvious then.the game is fun to play if you dont think about stuff like that but come on."
,Recommended,243470,18548919,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Mmustaaa,"Really good game. I really like to hack everything in this game. Graphics are ok.. But the lack of customization in this game is just bad. I mean you can ofcourse buy cars and outfits, but you cant customize them. I was really hoping Watch Dogs to be a GTA game with just the hacks and such. But nope, we do not have any customization in cars, guns or outfits. The game plays smooth to me, so I would recommend it. But if you are the kind of person that needs to customize their cars and such, do NOT buy this game. I will be waiting for Watch dogs 2 to come out, and hope for the best that there is gonna be alot of customization options. Dont hate, just saying my opinion. (SPOILERSPOILERSPOILERSPOILERSPOILER) The games story is ok, but I hate how Clara dies. Its really sad that she died... After all this mess I have written, I still gotta say I like this game. :D. I do recommend it. Buy it if u wanna have fun hacking objects that can kill people. Have fun."
76561198097689208,Not Recommended,243470,29855037,Posted: 11 February,all,Butterfly Skies,"Game was unplayable for me. No issues with hardware (6700k, GTX 1070, 16GB RAM). Had issues with field of view and mouse acceleration. Had to use a third-party software to fix the fov. And I never found a way to remove the mouse acceleration.Found a ini fix for it but it never disappeared fully, only made it less noticeable. Still had issues aiming. So I just gave up and refunded it.Would not recommend if you are sensitive to mouse acceleration."
,Not Recommended,243470,31146815,Posted: 14 April,all,NihilSupreme,I preordered this pile of♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,243470,11901374,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Cosmosis,Game title is 100% accurate. All my play time I spent watching my dog because this unoptimized game kept deleting my save files and not loading levels.GG Ubisoft.
76561198119121757,Recommended,243470,33545322,Posted: 14 July,all,ealt1999b[fin],"It's not that bad, I found the stealth headshotting enjoyable"
,Recommended,243470,33532618,Posted: 14 July,all,Deadkid_hk,"Rich story content.Rip driving experience.Werid in-game mouse sensitivity.Uibsoft did a really good job on easter egg.It may not worth your money if you wanna play this game as gta, but it definitely worth it if you like playing games with long campaign.Um... overall rating 8/10"
,Not Recommended,243470,16967870,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Asterix909,NOPE
76561198009269162,Not Recommended,243470,10370932,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,vansen,"For my point of view a clear GTA-Clone with a new tool, the hacking. But to be honest, even the ""hacking"" tool is boring. Just click to pass. Not my kind of game..."
,Not Recommended,243470,20123670,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,MAGES,"Save your money, folks. It's better off spent on another game, just not on Watch Dogs.Right off the bat, some issues about the game need to be addressed:The main character, Aiden Pierce, isn't particularly interesting. The story that unfolds feels mundane and unsatisfactory.Some game mechanics are rather flawed in practice. There are many instances of pathing-prevention where it looks like you should be able to walk through. Attempting to clear out a gang hideout for a mission (where you are dispatching of the bad guys) leads the police to become alerted but come after you instead, which can easily frustrate a player.You might think that the hacking in the game is really interesting and is worth a try. Sure, its a new take on stealthy combat of sorts, but it feels lackluster as well. You can manipulate nearly everything in the technologically advanced city of Chicago, but it feels just like a toy rather than a hero's secret weapon.Plus, I still have personal gripes from playing on release day to be welcomed with terrible stuttering and graphics issues on my high-end PC. It is thanks to this game that I learned that you should generally not pre-order games, ever.So yeah, don't buy it."
,Recommended,243470,10264089,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Saturn,"Superb game, go try it out!"
76561198138076121,Recommended,243470,10264108,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Teleweird,optimization problems but still amazing
,Not Recommended,243470,23484702,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,(Strai),"Practically any other game of this genre is a better buy, even though I got the complete edition on sale for 15 dollars.Singleplayer ★★☆☆☆Likes:+ Movement between cover+ Interesting stealth mechanics+ Anywhere radio and customizable playlist+- Vehicle surfing, but its rarely possible+- Inworld GPS, but has to be updated manually+- Slowmo toggle, cool looking, rarely ever useful+- Weapon & Vehicle collection, but no customization or progressionDisikes:- Awkward menu navigation- Glitchy graphics and audio- Insta-fail mission objectives- uPlay / no steam achievements- Cringeworthy writing and voice acting- Reputation system punishes everything- Boring city, even with gimmicky hacking- Pointless limits/CDs.  Hacking batteries & slowmo focus bars- Awful controls, doesn't work with a keyboard/mouse or controller- Ubisoft Standard Graphics;  Look amazing in an E3 trailer, look bland at release.- Parkour is very limited, just hopping over boxes, its a bad replacement for jumpingMultiplayer ★☆☆☆☆Annoying inturuptions in gameplay.  1v1 bouts of Cat vs Mouse.  Unwinnable for the Cat.  Populated by cheaters to make it even worse.  At least you can turn them off."
,Recommended,243470,10389893,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Super Kame,"Move over GTA, Watch your back.  By the next game in the series, Ubisoft will be kicking you to the curb like a Dog.  This one isn't quite there yet, but still a solid game that I'm having a Blast with.  Runs perfect, had it crash twice in 70 hours, and that's cause I was minimizing it and overclocking my card to get ultra ultrax2 graphics.  I don't have a beast of a machine and it's still running at high with 50-70 fps.  Love it"
,Recommended,243470,10261953,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Yeezus Over Jesus,Spent $70 on a game I cant even run because of Directx 11.10/10
,Recommended,243470,26207133,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,【✨Jotaro✨】,"i bought this game to watch dog's, but instead killed thousand's of harmless citizensgood job ubisoft"
,Recommended,243470,28636132,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Jafari,"An edgy hacker with no personality goes on hacking spree to find a guy he used to work with, who is disabled and harmless.8/8"
76561198099075708,Recommended,243470,17277737,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,who dat boy,Not even worth 15 dollars. Go to♥♥♥♥♥ you can get the game for like 3 bucks
,Not Recommended,243470,10277062,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Raw Stanky,"It has problems. Mostly techincal stupid stuff. Like crashes, stuttering, screen tear, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ fps, mouse acceleration. Terrible physics. Useless hacking.Horribly optimized(more so for AMD users).UdontPLAY because UPlay blows♥♥♥♥♥But the story is intersting. As is the gunplay and characters . The multiplayer is almost seemless.Its a good game. Broke as it is, and over hyped. if they fix it then get it."
,Not Recommended,243470,10278449,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Karzire,"Watch Dogs is terribly optimized for any computer running AMD hardware, and even worse if your using crossfire. My gaming rig cpu is an AMD Phenom II X6 1090T, and my GPU is an AMD 5970. Just to get the game to launch, I gotta delete the GamerProfile.xml about 90% of the time. Then theres the fps issues, on any setting, doesn't matter if it's in ultra settings or the lowest settings possible, it will get a major fps drop while driving any vehicle, which is pretty much unplayable. Also I know my hardware is a tad bit outdate, but that still is no excuse for these issues, especially with the fps issue in the lowest settings. I do not blame AMD for these issues, as Ubisoft worked closely with Nvidia and pretty much excluded AMD."
,Not Recommended,243470,10277717,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Nickname Failure,Laggs too hard for computers that are not high end.
76561197985352126,Not Recommended,243470,10281516,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Alklun,"This game is like Grand Theft Auto V set slightly in the future where games are so boring that you'd rather rather just stare at your desktop and the complicated world of computer hacking has been reduced to holding 'q' which results in nothing worthwhile. If you liked GTA but, thought that it would be better stripped of most of its features this game is still not for you. Don't buy it. The hack is that they trick you into buying the game by putting most of the budget into marketing."
76561198016876346,Not Recommended,243470,10278621,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,mattco83,"Optimization (or lack there of) runined my experience. Game stutters terribly only way to play with minimal stuttering is on medium settings. Honestly, if i wanted mediocre graphics I would have bought a Xbox or PS4...my computer should run at least (very least) high settingsi7 4770k 4.0ghzasus maximus vi16gb vengeanceGigabyte GTX 770 4gbIntel Jaycrest SSD 120gb"
,Not Recommended,243470,10283618,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Lostsaint6689,"After the first crash preventing me from opening the game another crash preventing me from starting a new game i ran into another annoying game breaking bug... NO SOUND!! Works for the first five seconds of the intro video after starting a new game then stutters and cuts out. Sound then does not work on my computer at all unless i restart or unplug my speakers and plug them back it, even then the WAtch Dogs remains silent and nothing i do get the sound to work.If i were you I would stay away from this game. For now at least. But hey for the first five seconds the game looked and sounded good.I do not recommend this game currently. Perhaps down the road onces Ubisoft stops sucking at thier jobs and makes the game work like it already should. Morons... you delayed the game only to release an unplayble junk fest anyways. You have just contributed to the ever increasing pace of PC gaming death."
76561198030757641,Not Recommended,243470,10278101,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,I_luv_weed,Not worth the hype
,Not Recommended,243470,10278633,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,xdgdzex,"This game would be fun it I could play it. Unfortunately a combination of U(dont)play and laughable optimization is keeping me from doing that.If you're thinking of buying wait a couple months, maybe some kinks will be sorted out. But please don't pay more than $20 for this game. Ubisoft has bent PC gamers over and screwed us again. Big surprise.The ""optimized"" NVIDIA drivers are far from it, and SLI is largely broken. Add to that the amout of sttutering that a vast number of players are experiencing (SLI and single gpu set-ups), and you wonder what exactly they were testing this game on. In SLI usage is around 40%, and jumps up to 60% occaisionally. Clearly there is a ton of optimization that is left on the table. Disabling SLI helps a lot in eliminating stutter, but even so the game tops out at 30fps using the lowest possible settings. Also, if you game on anything larger than 1080p, good luck getting over 25-30fps. MEDIUM textures on my PC take 1800 to 1900 MB or VRAM. Anything higher and you'll get drops into the 0-5fps range.Bottom Line: Ubi has let another half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥piece of crap out the front door. I was happy with the way ACIV turned out, so I thought I would give this a try. Learn from my mistake and just dont do it.My Setup:2500K @ 4.5Ghz16GB RAM500GB SSDASUS GTX 690 4GB @ 1176Framerate"
76561198055317425,Not Recommended,243470,10278842,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Efrafa,Just stop..... Ubisoft stop.... No one wants your Uplay... No one has registered on Uplay and yet you make us access it through a competiter to Uplay? Uplay is dead... Just stop... and maybe ill give it a thumbs up. Btw stop giving bad controls on driving....
,Not Recommended,243470,10275951,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,The Detective,It is rather dull and boring. Despite having this hacking device I felt rather underpowered to the point where I felt easily out matched by only a few enemies. The upgrade system makes almost no sense having to buy two explosive upgrades to buy the ability to do a close combat take down of armored enemies for example. Cars handle poorly with the radio music selection being tiny. I would say wait for a good sale on this game before considering picking it up.
76561197973962337,Not Recommended,243470,10278650,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Xoxoqtpie,Horribly optimized for PCmouse acceleration is the worse.Gameplay stutters even with a GTX 670 (this is common problem in all PCs)requires uplay...Seriously pirate this game instead of buying it. its cheaper and will perform better
76561197985791370,Not Recommended,243470,10272175,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Duo26,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L_A6Z3gkXlk&list=WL&index=9I'm sorry but when you release videos and screenshots (E3 2012 and 2013) pretty much boasting about the graphics and then the real deal is nothing like it is that's super WRONG. Steam, Nvidia, and Ubisoft NEEDS to Remove all videos and screenshots, it's a Lie, Misleading and a cheap way to sell a game. Very buggy, crashes and artifacts all the time. Bad for Ubisoft they should be recalling all PC copies giving everybody a refund for misleading them. On a good note the sound is good, gunplay is nice but that's about it."
,Recommended,243470,16848757,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,LethalFeline,"Watch_Dogs is a mixed bag for me. For me, the story is over-long cutscenes are painful to sit through and the characters are not endearing, with the exception of Raymond Kenney. I wish Ubisoft would just shut up and let me play the damn game!When I can finally play the game, it's pretty fun stuff. The stealth is the best part. It's not terribly difficult if you are a veteran of stealth because you can mark your targets, control the environment, and carry around 40 lures. Even though it is easy, it is engaging and enjoyable simply because of the freedom of movement and the number of angles you can explore.When stealth fails, the game can be a bit rough. Aiden melts in a blink. The player needs to be able to shoot and scoot, like Splinter Cell: Conviction. When that's not possible, they will need to use the focus abilities effectively.Of course, the gorilla in the room is the hacking mechanics. Effectively, point at thing, press Q, hack thing. It is that simple. There are some Pipe Dreamish puzzles, but they are a notch above placing a square block in a square hole. Ubisoft could have do a bit more at least with the deeper hacks.Main thing that remains is the driving, which ain't bad. You need to use the handbrake is all I'll say. You'll need to use it a quite bit really. The driving escapes are pretty cool, by the way, once you get a handle on them. Just hack the city to lose pursuers. I will warn the the CTOS scans are bullcrap and you shouldn't waste jammers on them.One more thing, if you do end up getting this game, make sure to explore the mini-games. The creators put a huge amount of effort into some of these, especially the digital trips."
,Recommended,243470,10279753,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,KidonNL,Awesome game worth a try!!
76561198118067630,Not Recommended,243470,18071457,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Dimi3 ᕦ(ò_óˇ)ᕤ,i didn't get andy activation code pls help me how to get it
76561198239804960,Recommended,243470,20036941,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,The Baetles,"Looks like ""Person of Interest""?!Anyway,it's a nice game that you can do something technical in Chicago under the CTOS.Look forward to the sequel."
,Recommended,243470,11096796,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,pkg,"Well, I Finally Hit 303 Hours Of WATCH_DOGS. I Got To Say, Out Of All The Games I Have EVER Played, WATCH_DOGS Was By Far The BEST Game I Have Ever Played. Back In 2012, I Tought To My Self, It Would Be Imposible For A Game To Exist With Super Graphics, And Massive Free Roam. And An Amazing Story With An Amazing Character Driven By His Family And To Get Justice. Well In 2014 WATCH_DOGS Came Out, And I Will Be Honest, I Thought It Was Just Going To Be Another 'Meh' Game, BUT I WAS SO WRONG. The Game Can't Be Described In One Word! It Was Awsome, Compasionate. Sad. Moving. And The Best Part Was How You Could Be Right There In The Heat Of It. As Aiden Does What Ever He Needs To Do The Find The People Who Harmed HIs Family, And You Get A Sense That For ONCE In A VideoGame, You Actully FEEL For The Main Characters And How You Feel Like This Man Is Like A Protective Father To His Family. I Don't Know How A Video Game Could Get Any Better. I Unfortunatly Feel Like Everyone Now Days Are SO Influenced By What Others Think, So They Don't Make A Review On The Game, They Make A ""Review"" Based On What OTHER People Think. WATCH_DOGS Is The First Game I Will Give A 10/10 The Game Was Absolutly Astonashing And I Can't Wait For Ubisoft To Release More Games Like This. But At This Point, These ""Games"" Are Not ""Games"" They Are More Like Stories To Teach Us Things That Society Can't. I Understand Who Ever Reads This Will Think I Am Crazy, But I Know That I Am The Only One Who Cares."
,Recommended,243470,11783685,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Eisotopius,"Short review while I come up with a better, longer, more in-depth one:UPlay is ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥and doesn't know how to work with the game's multiplayer.There is no reason for this game to be on Steam. Launching the game opens UPlay instead.Keyboard controls while driving suck, because a lot of cars are featherweight.Pretty much every driving mission is♥♥♥♥♥♥anyways.Most in-game menus don't have mouse pointers, not even the weapon wheel that is your entire inventory.This game's lead platform is PC, but the PC version feels like a cheap port of the XBox version.But that's about all the flaws with it. Once you play it for a little while and get a good feel for how it works, it's wonderful. Of course, even some of the best computers can't play very well on the highest graphics settings (which aren't as great as the E3 preview, but honestly, who gives a ♥♥♥♥?), but it's still beautiful on some of the lower settings. The hacking works great, combat is cool, story's nice, and the multiplayer is pretty cool, if a bit annoying at times. I've put ~60 hours into this so far to get to the final storyline mission, and I can say I've enjoyed it. Yeah, a lot of the missions were just awful for various reasons, some because they involve mandatory, terrible minigames, and others because they make use of the bad driving physics. But getting through them was satisfying.It was a satisfying game."
,Not Recommended,243470,11845167,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Snibb,Not worth the 50$/£/€/what ever. Never trust ubisoft on this♥♥♥♥♥♥ Always wait until they've released the game. evaluate the game. And then DONT ♥♥♥♥ING BUY IT
,Recommended,243470,23982485,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Ph0nt,Best 31 hours ever
,Recommended,243470,23728546,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Migloco,Great game can't wait for watch dogs 2
,Not Recommended,243470,10274814,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Sarda,"The more I play this game the more my rating for it drops. This is a cluster♥♥♥♥ of glitches, poor design decisions, bipolar characters with conflicting motivations, poor optimization and generally the kind of product you'd expect from Ubisoft. At the current time, I'm about 7 hours into this garbage and I honestly don't give a ♥♥♥♥ if I even finish it at this point, I'm only continueing to play by sheer fact there's been no other major releases recently. Current rating: 6/10. If its more then 10$ don't buy it."
76561197995709357,Recommended,243470,17278216,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,pew pew,I honestly like this game more than GTA5.
76561197976611058,Not Recommended,243470,17276945,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,RainbowGDMNDash,"I literally had it for 10 minutes before I refunded it.If your game crashes during the INTRO MISSION, then maybe you should go back and fix it."
,Not Recommended,243470,17276947,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,reavernk,I regret pre-ordering this piece of trash.
,Recommended,243470,10259225,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Ðปђã§Ŧ™,"Where do i start... I have played nothin like this before. This game is amazing. Please do not compare it with GTA. This is entirely a different kind of a game. There are some graphics bugs i hope Ubisoft will be fixing it soon with patches.The game play is dynamic and the graphics are nowhere near to what they had shown in E3 2013. But IMHO the graphics are quite good and there is so much more to the game than just graphics. The storyline appears to be very interesting and the shear amount of side mission that u can do is amazing. U will never get bored. The online mission are amazing, another player will just drop into your game seamlessly when you least expect it and tries to hack you. It catches you by surprise it feels amazing. I would defenitly recommend this game if you like open world sandbox games. BTW Hacking feels sooooo GOOOOODDD!!!!!One last thing please Ubisoft get rid of uPLAY. Its the worst DRM Client ever built. And sometimes it takes the excitement out of playing the game by not LOGING IN or giving some FATAL ERROR!!! GET RID OF uPLAY cuz with uPLAY U Dont PLAY!!!"
,Recommended,243470,10351090,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Chop Dash Chop,"Recommended, but not for the launch price of 60$I've been watching out for this game since e3 2013, expecting a completely fleshed out next gen open world game that explores the social ramification of the modern hyper connectivity through the plot and world building.What i got was an open world game that only briefly touches on that subject while showing some cool and downright fun gameplay quirks. But it's not fleshed out or next gen. The game greatly misses its marks so many times by making dodgy sound engineering choices, minor bugs and subpar physics. It's also hardly a next gen game. The graphics, even at the top settings, are only scraping the full modern capabilities. Not it matters much if you have AMD, because of optimization rights, or NVIDIA even since the game nearly never takes advantage of the graphics artistically.I hardly agree with the common opinion, this is by no mean a♥♥♥♥♥♥game (ps i am an AMD user), it works, it's fun and it's occasionally surprising for the better, but that it never really makes me feel 100% satisfied with it(except for the spider tank minigame, holy♥♥♥♥♥♥10/10). Plot should be better, UI needs to be better, engine should have been better, controls should have been better and the goddamn sound engineering should have been better if only to show off the awesome soundtrack. Good game but i expected ubi to make a better one.also, you have to install uplay. all the server problems have been completely resolved already and it hardly noticable so who cares."
,Recommended,243470,23448215,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Solid Snek,It goes from good to terrible back and fourth for some reason and the map isnt even at all what chicago looks like but its pretty fun.
,Recommended,243470,14981730,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,SoapyBanana,"Bought it for 16 bucks, played it, finished it. not worth 80 bucks. current price of $33 is good. Good mechanics, solid driving, would have liked a longer story mode. good replay value. if they do a sequel, I hope theres more guns, more activities and an overall beter story.for 16 bucks, I rate this an 8/10."
76561197977277952,Not Recommended,243470,14980472,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,[DDT]Roland,"A man was shot, I ran after the killer.The cops arrived, backup i thought.Cops shot and killed me, let the killer escape.At the time I had no wanted level and had not drawn a weapon.3/10  Would not try to be a hero again"
,Not Recommended,243470,14946963,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Dusk,"This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥on PC, The port is awful and a bunch of problems which make it flawed. Get it on console."
76561198089020909,Recommended,243470,23686646,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Firefun566,Awsome game enjoyed it from the start all the way till the last mission.Story line 9/10
,Not Recommended,243470,15042145,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Keg,"Can't find a game online without somebody rocking an invincibility cheat. If they fix that, I would enjoy this game a lot more."
76561198053286136,Not Recommended,243470,14929419,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Del Griffith,"Wish i had listened and never bought this... I Really want to like this game but i just dont, Way to long loading times, horrible driving mechanics, make this almost unplayable... There is a lot of good here but i cant deal with 2 - 7 min loading screens eveytime i die or drop a mission......"
,Not Recommended,243470,14062704,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,snap (out of it),"I was so hyped before released and this game was my 2014's huge letdown. The game is not that bad, Chicago does feel alive but Aiden Pierce is just a bad written character. Chin was underused, so was any of the good characters, unfortunately. The plot sucked♥♥♥♥♥ was very generic. Runs ok on my computer. Couldn't play because of UPLAY ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t for days when it released. Hacking was cool at first but got very dull and irrelevant to most missions.Also, mother♥♥♥♥ing useless towers that ubisoft calls content."
,Not Recommended,243470,16158418,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,vonpixel,"Honestly, It says I played a lot of hours of this game, but thats because I left it on over a long weekend by accident.I did play about 20ish hours. Its... just not that fun once you get past the initital ""hack everything"" cool factor. The story is really terrible. The characters are dull and so over worked.This game is just really not that fun despite it having fun elements in it."
76561198020934592,Not Recommended,243470,15046235,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,kempy23,"to be honest naaa skip this game, its not fun or interesting for me and it feels very dated the combat is awkward and the driving is terable. ive gotten that bored with the game ive muted it and just listend to music just to make myself keep playing. this is one of them games you finish and forget."
76561198298731722,Recommended,243470,32753531,Posted: 24 June,all,Dr. Keemo,"good. I watch my dog every time. He make the floor a bit dirty, but you can watch over him."
,Not Recommended,243470,28835546,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,XennoX,"Assassin's Creed with a different paint jobYou play asAiden Pearce, a fixer, working in Chicago. The city's infrastructure is controlled by a piece of software calledctOS. It monitors and controls all aspects of the city, as well as spying on the city's citizens.Here's where the generic Ubisoft plot comes in:Altair ... um ... I mean Aiden gets into a spot of trouble, and has to do missions that have repetitive designs. It's largely one of 2 archetypes of missions:1. Go into a restricted sound, with heavily armed bad guys, and hack something.2. Guide someone out of a sticky situation.You do this roughly 30 - 40 times. Fun? No.Then of course, there is Ubisoft's infatuation - nay -obsessionwith the hundreds of mini-games, that frankly offer no real value.I didn't like this game, and honestly, you won't either. Don't bother buying it."
76561197991932924,Recommended,243470,10256431,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Mr.One Shot Wonder,Good game uplay was down but its back up and i have had no issues at all fun game but hard
76561198001936276,Not Recommended,243470,13276926,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Katch,"Last time I spend money on anything that has Ubisoft sticker on it. I suggest the same to everyone else. The company is god awful, they ruin every good idea, unfortunately a lot of talented people are working for them. Ubisoft is also known for pushing their DLCs(which should've been part of the game) to increase profit, another reason to stay away from them. Uplay... i can keep going!Go spend your money on a company(people) who deserves it.Oh and the game is awful too. Bad controls, bad port, bad in game driving... I could barely put an hour into the game"
76561198109081071,Not Recommended,243470,12891177,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Dr.Flaccid M.D,"After months of trying to get it to work, Watch_Dogs simply does not work on my computer. My PC has good specs and runs most games really well. I purchased this game confidently because my rig met and exceeded the recommended settings in some areas. But when I found out that AMD users will suffer from performance issues, I just gave up hope. I barely made it past the intro and I'm highly disappointed. By the time I realized the game was unplayable, it was too late to request a refund and buy a game that performs better. I'm highly unsatisfied and pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off. I will now stick to buying newer releases on consoles and buy older games on steam. I would ask for my money back but it's far too late for that. I don't know if anyone else is still having the same problems as me, but this is simply unacceptable."
,Recommended,243470,29793748,Posted: 8 February,all,Gamx,you dont know life untill played this
,Not Recommended,243470,10461724,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Rick [Dimension µ∞420],"WATCH_DOGES Status:•D.N.B. -DO NOT BUY•NEGATIVE 12 out of 10•Will consider pirating all future Ubisoft releases.If I didn't know better, I would waste the time asking Valve or Ubisoft for a refund. [I should have learned after AC3] Good concept, bad execution. The PC port of this game is horribly incomplete. Files come set to install with console settings, memory leaks, graphics fails, save files corrupting, and loadscreens stopping; freezing; and BSODing at random. It even lags the same at minimal settings as if you didn't even lower them [but it still looks like manure on low!].I have 100+ hours on steam/uplay trying to get the game working, and less than 10 hours of that have been spent actually playing in game... Installing this game has actually hurt my computer, making me reinstall my graphics driver 2+ times because features [Color control/ bezel adjust/ AMD Overdrive] went missing after installing the game and trying to get it to work.Selling this game reflects poorly on Valve and Steam. The team at Ubisoft seems to be showing poor customer care by lazily focusing on their E3 release panels and further advertising, as well as misdirecting the focus on to hardware, instead of working hard to help good paying customers in the forums. They literally took our money and gave us an incomplete product.  I am thoroughly disappointed in the company behavior these past few years.Conclusion:•D.N.B. -DO NOT BUYI will edit this again if an update is ever released that resolves the addressed problems.*edited for clerical errors*"
76561198006362743,Recommended,243470,10280762,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,яιρ slιcк,My son says he can't find hookers to kill but I do like the game. Rig is a few years old (intel+nvidia) below recommended and runs just fine. No crashes so far. I feel like a gaming wheel could really help since this is a driving game primarily but the keyboard/mouse combo isn't horrible. Matrix invasion thing is interesting and I can see this becoming more of a trend. Will have to put more hours in before I can say whether I'd buy again...
,Recommended,243470,10269174,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,DJ_Trollin,"I highly recommend this game. Definitely worth a play through. Story is one out of an action film and physics are great, not perfect but great. This isn't a driving sim. Shooting mechanics are good, with a great cover system. I think of it as a merge between Saints Row 3, GTA SA and Assassins Creed. Stealth is awesome in this game and popping in and out of others peoples game to hack them is quite fun and gets the adrenaline going. Multiplayer is good, not the best, but it's definitely worth a look as well. Definitely a 8.5/10 for me. PC optimization is needed with new driver support and you need a decent rig to run it. I have a 1500$ gaming rig I built myself and it handles it just fine. Not sure why people complain about uPlay, but I have never had an issue with it.Wanna be a modern hacker in a game in a Chicago world where dense possibilties are endless? Check this game out! 8.5/10 :D"
,Not Recommended,243470,23913486,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Osa,"I only say no, because it isn't worth the full price tag at all. Can be a bit repeititive, but overall it is mildly entertaining. My advice is to pick it up while it is on sale if you wanted to play it."
76561198028486732,Not Recommended,243470,26233326,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,"Comfortable Hole, Bye",This game sucks. Like real bad. I don't even know why I bothered to beat this game. It horrible. Aiden Pierce is a completly unlikable character. Why Ubisoft ever thought he was going to be a iconic character to be remembered is beyond me. The story is a cliched mess that will bore you to sleep. Which is great if you have insomnia I guess. The driving is sub par. the hacking is sub par. Everything in this game is subpar.
,Not Recommended,243470,11004535,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Revgolin,I want my money back. Game is really bad for PC and it seems like the devs are not putting in enough effort to fix the issues that are hindering from even getting in 5 mins of game play.
,Recommended,243470,24316556,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,TacticalBacon_,"Bought this to play ""Bad blood"" dlc (I have finished main story once on my lost uplay account)Pros- Great idea of the game ""Everything is connected""- Enemy are easy to escape (just get in the L-Train then wait)- Story are good (but not very good)Cons- After playing this I need to restart my PC or it will lower other games performance (dunno why)- Some type of car are hard to steer- When weapon wheel is active time is still running I got killed many times by not finding the right weapon I needSo I Recommend with discounted price (I bought when it about 10USD) but not with full price"
,Recommended,243470,19864258,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,LOOK WHAT YOU MADE ME DOOOOO,"You know what? ♥♥♥♥ the haters;Watch_Dogsis the best Ubisoft-style sandbox to-date. Was the launch rough? You bet it was, but after a solid update history combined with renewed drivers, technical issues have ceased to exist leaving a wonderfully clever, GTA-style open world experience, its plot and characters fabulously constructed and surprisingly relevant in today's web-centric world. I also struggle to think of a game that has presented something as morally satisfying as shutting down a sex trafficking ring. Yes, that's actually a thing here in all its brutal reality.p.s. The so-called E3 'conspiracy' is/was bogus. The real game looks and plays exactly like the demo. Seriously, get over it."
76561198103674275,Recommended,243470,15426901,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Mr.Young277,"Watch dogs is a great game, i understand the people who say its just a cheap copy of gta and i kind of agree.Watch dogs is similar to gta but still has differences that makes it a different game. i would recommend this game not for mucking around but for the story line. The story line is much better than gta's story line and with the addition to the DLCs, it makes it much more interesting.For graphics it is quite good but has been downgraded, but that is understandable, since some pcs arent as strong as consoles."
76561198027295826,Recommended,243470,21942840,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,davenport200,"Great premise, moderate execution."
,Recommended,243470,28908125,Posted: 1 January,all,PRIYANXHU,"The must have game for hack lovers and this game is more realastic with weakness , In other games it takes lot of bullets to take out us whereas this guy has very less potential but much good in hacking so this game is essentailsPROS*Good graphics*Good enviroment*online environment*Hard to play and challengingrate it 10/10!!"
76561197966927646,Not Recommended,243470,10465972,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Asuna,I've never regret buying a game as much as I have this one.  A real letdown.
,Recommended,243470,21851475,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,¡ven¡,"First things first, ignore the bad reviews. Some are helpful, but 90% = uplay.Ok so basically, this game is playable WAY below the requirments. You could play this with a work computer on low.I personally run this on high, with water and LOD on ultra, at 60FPS, but i have a pretty nice PC.Aside from that, lets get into the game.Basically you are aiden. A black market, person of interest, vigilante, who wants revenge for his nieces death.Gameplay.Stealth is really fun in this game, and allows you to hide in your car, dive behind cover, and cuase distractoins with your phone, like starting a forklift, or tripping a car alarm from a laptop camera.Puzzles play a small role in this game, and a used to decrypt some cyberwalls (Or firewalls or something)Shooting is fun in this game, although weapons are WAY over priced. One revolver is 17000$.Drving is probably my favorite thing to do in this game, and you never get tired of getting cops after you and doing this insane tricks with friends, in an attempt to evade the cops. i.e. While driving, your friend can set up explosives at the end of a dead end, you dive out of your car at the last second, friend blows up your car, and all the police cars chasing ""You"".There are some things like Invasions that get annoying. An invasion is when some random person joins your game (In singleplayer) and tries to hack you. You have to kill them before they gain all your information. Stay within a 100ft radius in a crowd of 50 people, hide in cars, or hide in plain sight, it implements an interesting realtime stealth mission. (You will gain i.e. 400$ if you win, and lose 200$ if you lose, so dont just ignore the invasion!)The missions, though slightly repetive really showcsae the interesting stealth features and abilites, like the profiler.THe profiler: A tool that lets you see things about the person, like hobbies, whether or not they are your hacker (Invasion) income, etc.There are things called digital trips, where you can take control of a spider tank and do challenges like shoot a helicopter down, blow up 20 cars in 2 minutes, etc.All in all, this game is definetly worth it. Yea it has some glitches where a wall will appear then dissappear, but it doesnt hinder your gameplay in any way, and isnt a big issue.Many online modes include free roam, racing, invading other peoples games, and private versions of them, so you can play with your friends.Bottom line: 9.6/10"
,Not Recommended,243470,16404189,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Criminal Black Man,DirectX 11 Error.  Waste of $15.
,Recommended,243470,26443935,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Bonkle,Gta 5 but PG-13 version.
76561198002296192,Recommended,243470,18903158,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Oria,"Awesome game! Destructible Open world style in Chicago with tons of cars, guns and hacking abilities. You can blow up all sorts of things with hacks. Story line so far is ok; regular action film story line and thats not a problem for this kind of game.Not sure how this got so many bad reviews... way more fun then many better rated games, haven't encountered any bugs so far... I would give 8/10"
76561198031884037,Not Recommended,243470,19734102,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Cooper,"Sadly I wasn't able to play this game properly because of heavy framelaggs.I have pretty good specs with a nividia GTX 770 gpu and i7 cpu, so that shouldn't be the reason for the bad performance.Considering the first time I started the game: It was releaed pretty long ago and the devs should have had enough time to work on solutions for performance issues.Recently I even bought GTAV and had no issues with that game, so what is the problem here?"
,Recommended,243470,14731840,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,.:Mystic:.,pros-great story-new genre maybe!-awesome characters-side missions keep you occupied-parkourcons-half broken controls-Aidens emotions < a rocks emotions-WAY to little D-trips
76561198074778377,Not Recommended,243470,11265294,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,HD Road Glide,"Dont buy until they fix the driving, frame rate issues, game isn't smooth."
76561198125496456,Not Recommended,243470,11292685,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,atonial,"Usually I'm too lazy to bother writing reviews, but since I reccomended this game to some of my friends, I should probably set the record straight.This game was fine. I like it a lot, it's unique in the hacking aspect, but not so much in story or characters. I had a lot of fun, killing off entire gangs, causing meyhem. But the driving mechanic was the first of many problems, but I play planetside 2 (This game makes it look like the Dark Knight of video games) and I suck at driving in that as well, but as I prgressed, I killed many, many bystanders. After the 15th or so accidental splatter spree, a cool feature came into play where a newscast would warn people about you. This mechanic was unique, and it was one of the things I loved about it. However, the loveboat hit an iceberg as Watch_Dogs began glitching out (Ironic for a game about glitches and hacks) and before I knew it, I was a member of the X-Men, as well as all those around me. Our power? Invisibility.Now, after not even 10 seconds of gameplay, cars will begin to tilt upwards slowly, rendering them useless like a scene from Inception. I'm surprised I got past 6 hours without this happening, as now it happens more and more rapidly. And as I mentioned, all enemies become floating guns with a human's hitbox controlling them.Finally, Uplay. I can stand it. It's an idea I would have if I were in Ubisoft's shoes, but after the many, MANY negative reviews on this game, I would just shut it down and go 100% steam/xbox Live/whatever playstation uses now."
,Not Recommended,243470,14916889,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Snowball McHoneypuff,To make this short an relatively painless : It doesnt work although my computer is slightly above the minimum systemrequirements. Either the game crashes when i try to start a new gamesession at best or it crashes my whole computer alltogether at its worst
,Recommended,243470,27552278,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Ssnakepit,CAN'T WAIT FOR UPCOMING SEQUELS LIKE LISTEN_CATS AND FART_BATS
,Recommended,243470,30697852,Posted: 23 March,all,ColbyWanShinobi,"I ONLY recommend this game if you pay less than $15 USD for it. Quite honestly, this game is shockingly mediocre and I can see why people were so disappointed when it was released. The hacking mechanic is an interesting idea but the driving physics, storyline, and combat are just meh. I kept wishing I was playing another game with better controls, environments,  and story (cough cough GTA5 cough cough). Also UBISOFT unlock towers because why not."
76561198062096357,Not Recommended,243470,12255575,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Infamous Faith,"One of the most mundane and boring titles of all time period.Bland gameplay, bland characters, only reason I pre-ordered was because a friend convinced me to, but he got unfriended, what a waste of $60 dollars, worse than first assassins creed game atleast that one had potential it's hard to scrooch the pooch but they managed to with ""Watch_Dogs""."
76561197986890769,Recommended,243470,22198472,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,D3ST,"I really have no ideer what all the bad rep for this game is all about,..I find it almost on par with the GTA Series..The City is superbly rendered, and its as alive as the GTA world,The driving is not as good as GTA.The combat is almost as good as GTA.Open living breathing world, almost as good as GTA.If you havent tried it yet and u like the GTA series, do yourself a favor and try it out.."
76561198335173039,Recommended,243470,29702758,Posted: 4 February,all,Zombeh_3,Awesome game like Gta but with hacking abilities!
,Recommended,243470,10913764,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Crown,"The game was designed to put control into the player’s hands and it succeeded. I thought the concept was incredibly epic and it didn’t leave me with that “I wish I could do this” feeling I get from some games. The power to play the game how you want is also a bonus. Also, if you’re looking for a game with a ton of replay value, Watch_Dogs will definitely do it. While I figured Watch_Dogs would have been a more sophisticated version of GTA, it isn’t. It can be frenetic at times and sometimes, that’s all you need to have some fun."
76561197970215017,Not Recommended,243470,10253432,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Lamnia,Have to use Uplay if you can ever find a second where their servers are up to register the game might be good. Do not buy.
76561197997771767,Not Recommended,243470,10251012,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Bueno,Not as good as i thought it would be. The hacking is kinda limited and there's not much to do in the open world part.
,Recommended,243470,10251126,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Backstab,"Very fun game! I thought this game lived up to the hype. You MUST have a good computer to run it well! If it's not working for you, the day 1 patch was confirmed by Nvidia! This game is great and has very nice small details that keep you distracted. The game does use Uplay though, but that isn't too bad..."
,Recommended,243470,23777180,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Ronin Prime,I liked itget it for less than $20 though
,Not Recommended,243470,23783851,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,kgptzac,"Pros:-	Gorgeous city scape: the city feels alive and real when traverse through.  Saturated with NPC who act as both unknowing fundraisers and source of ambient conversations to the protagonist Aiden Pearce-	Good story: Somehow nowadays it’s harder and harder to find games with a good story.  Watch Dogs grabs player’s attention right from the beginning.  The main story is well paced, and the ending is satisfying without leaving any unfinished business or cliffhanger.-	Fairly good mash up between stealth and gun play.  Most guarded objectives in this game can both be completed by killing most or all guards, or conform to the stealth elements to save time.  Strategic use of cameras and the environment makes stealth gameplay challenging and thrilling.Cons:-	Despite the good graphics, the UI and control scheme screams of bad console port in every corner.  Mouse has weird acceleration in the ESC menu, and in-game menu is even more atrocious: No mouse cursor; and navigation in that menu either happens with direction keys (meaning player has to stop moving character), or even more absurdly, move mouse to four directions to navigate.  This control scheme makes absolutely no sense in a PC game and it’s a damn shame.-	The game’s volume also is very low on my PC, and a quick search on the Internet reveals that after two years the game came out, this bug is still not patched, and the only solution would be turning up the volume control in Windows.-	The mini games in Watch Dogs feel meaningless and out of place.  I think they were added to the game as one of the director’s check list of must-have items and were implemented without polish.-	Driving in general is bad.  For instance, each vehicle seem to have vastly different control sensitivities, and it’s a daunting task to have a good proficiency in multiple of those.  The issue is compounded by that restarting in a mission randomizes vehicle spawn, so players who choose to master one vehicle can only hope that they don’t have to restart in a chase mission segment… it would be impossible, in fact, which brings me the next and last complain…-	Frustrating level design.  Some segments (mostly in main mission) are extremely frustrating and stressful because the player is suddenly thrown into a situation/encounter and what needs to be done is often not intuitive, which results in multiple retries.  The scenario with police chases are specially maddening as they would constantly spawn right by the player and very difficult dodge their detection, also in many cases the player is after another objective while at the same time, have constant police force on their tail.Final Verdict:I think for a game that’s been out for over two years should have addressed most, if not all, of the items I listed as cons… especially with a sequel title coming soon.  Don’t get me wrong: Watch Dogs has many bright spots, which players who are into this genre would no doubt be pleased to play.  However my personal recommendation is: watch a stream on YouTube.  Experience the good parts of it without getting frustrated with the bad stuff."
76561197970515314,Recommended,243470,24904810,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,loak,"I enjoyed the campaign.  The side missions get a bit boring quickly, but the city is beautiful to look at.  Driving is not fun much in this game."
,Recommended,243470,24825870,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Sherlock Van Helsing,"https://youtu.be/B6JS4W0dgRwGame:Watch_DogsGenre:Open World Third-person ShooterDeveloper:UbisoftPublisher:UbisoftCopy supplied by SteamWatch_Dogsis the 2014 open world third-person shooter developed and published by Ubisoft. Seeing as the sequel is coming out later this year, I decided to pick up the original and see what all the fuss was about, since it got a lot of complaints related to its visual downgrade and repetitive gameplay compared to what was showcased the previous years at E3.STORYYou play as Aiden Pierce,generic hacker wearing a baseball cap#23 who goes on a quest to take revenge on those who killed his niece. He will meet more colorful and one-note characters and he will find himself in a serie of uninteresting and generic setpieces.The dialogue isn't half-bad, and the story really is disposable, but damn the ending is a clusterf*ck! Twists left and right that make no sense whatsoever!! Still, a couple of missions are quite interesting, but for the most part you will find yourself not giving a damn about what is happening.GRAPHICSHas the game been downgraded? Yeah! Does it look bad? Not really. Is it buggy? HELL YEAH!! Civilians running into walls, falling through the map, floating in the air, crazy ragdolls... Nothing game breaking, but still not that polished. And while the performance has been improved, it still isn't very stable, constantly going from 60 to 40 when driving fast.GAMEPLAYCombat wise, this is your typical cover-based third-person shooter where you can carry everything (from pistols and sniper rifles to grenade launchers and shotguns) as long as you loot it from a dead body or you buy it at the store. Driving feels very arcade-y, with incredibly tight steering controls and fast cars.Hacking requires you to hold one button to steal money from random people, activating traffic lights, blowing up grenades that enemies are wearing, and, most importantly, using security cameras to examine the environments and pinpoint the locations of your enemies. This is a neat mechanic, but in the end I really did use it only when I was forced to, because you can complete most of the game just by being stealthy or aggressive. Plus, you get so much money (by stealing from bank accounts and you unlock every weapon and vehicle by simply using them) that I never had to spend any of it.The side missions and mini games are your usual races and time trials, with a few standouts. The first one is Criminal Convoys, where you have to intercept and destroy a convoy full of armed guys, giving you some cool car chases and shootouts. Second is Spider-Tank, a digital trip where you control a giant mechanical spider that causes mayhem in the heart of the city. There are many more, like Chess and Slot Machines, but they tend to be rather repetitive.CHALLENGEThe game's combat heavily requires you to stay in your cover, otherwise you are going to die in just a couple of shots. The missions are very easy, and the side missions require little to no effort to complete, except for the Money Trail and Convoys.SOUNDVoice acting is pretty mediocre, but the soundtrack boasts some good and underrated tracks, as well as generic licensed songs.REPLAYABILITYThe main story and side missions will keep you busy for a long time, especially if you start focusing on finding the collectibles.Overall, this is a great game to buy if you are looking for a quality time waster, especially when on sale. However, if you want the quality open world hacking game that was promised, save your money for the (hopefully) superior sequel.Story: 6Graphics: 7.5Gameplay: 7Challenge: 5Sound: 7Replayability: 8ENJOYMENT: 7FRUSTRATION: 4.5Follow me on Twitter: @nickygra97Subscribe to my channelLike on FacebookJoin my Steam group"
,Recommended,243470,14640411,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Spray-N-Pray,"Ok so I was♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥the F**k off when I preorders this game and it would not run on anything I had. So, i just let it sit in my library for half a year and I looked back at it a week ago saying ""I wonder if they fixed this thing"" so i started it up. I got to the loading screen and the tittle screen (as far as i got the first time i tried playing ) and i clicked New Game. and to my F**king suprise.....it worked! Im going to be honest I havn't pated gta or assassin's creed but I see no problem with this game. Its fun to play (havent finished it yet) and it has good elements. It sort of reminds me of dues ex hr but with more hacking and wide open world gameplay.SO....i would rate this game 5/10I think its a good game i just didnt want to wait almost a year to play it!!!At this point i would recomend(btw my first review on steam :3 )"
,Recommended,243470,14950776,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,heddop151,Bought the game recently and I think that it right now isa  pretty good game.I can run it on max settings and get good fps and on max it doesn't actually look that much different then from the E3 trailer.
,Recommended,243470,15231820,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,reno,"This game is good.There are good mission, online races and hacking are enjoyable, if you know what are you need to do.I play FHD-MED-HIGH with VSYNC 60fps without any mod, and it is nice.(enemies) AI is the most best part of the game. Every fight is hard due to clever ""bots"".I think i recommend this game."
,Recommended,243470,17176767,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,SlenderCam,Epic game idk why people thought this game was a flop i really enjoy it!
,Recommended,243470,17017835,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,kddddddd,"When I'll grow up, I wanna be Aiden Pearce.One of my favorite games; totally recommended!"
76561197987070734,Not Recommended,243470,11604529,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Grove of Dreams,"S hitty UPlay service, f ucking boring game, a sshat of a main character... oh, and the entire game is filled with cheats & hackers who break all immersion & enjoyment."
,Not Recommended,243470,10253110,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,RyokoSimon,Worse than GTA 4\5 i every way possible. Need  i say more?
,Not Recommended,243470,10253316,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Margret,"LOved this game so far, havent progressed much, i entered my login and password and finally got pass the login icon. Hoever im stuck on the error messages part of the game, also the game tells me that it cannot connect to uplay. On the bright side it advertises the E3 backstage perk, unfortuantley, like most of the gaming population, i dont give a ♥♥♥♥. So far 10/10 though!!EDIT: sorry guys just found out that im not playing the game but have just spent the last hour watching the Uplay login window constantly tell me that it cant connect and that i cant play in offline mode because i need to login at least once."
,Recommended,243470,10254755,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Earl of Trollbridge,"One of the most enjoyable game I've ever played. If you like open world, GTA, Chicago, sight seeing and whatnot, this is the perfect game for you. And the graphics are fantastic. Upgrade your junk computer and stop complaining. The game runs smoothly here."
,Recommended,243470,10260265,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,PhineasJack™,"Ok so in my time with Watch_Dogs at the time of 7 hours, I realy had no actual problem with it and enjoyed almost every minute. The technical side is obviously overhyped as on max settings, even though it does look stunning, it looks like it is just scratching the next gen surface. The only bug in general I had was when I set my textures to ultra and half of the peoples faces ended up being jet black. The gun play is about as stiff as a board and you will fight to stay alive in almost every encounter, so at the moment your best option realy is to stealth as far as you can. Besides the bugs and gun play, people have complained about the driving. Yes it does feel arcade-y but after a while you realize it gets its job done. mabye Ubisoft could take about 100 horsepower off all the vehicles because they sound like they have the engine of a Bugatti. Hacking is solid and responsive. Some may say there is no ""challenge"" beyond some easy minigames but if the hacking was as hard as Hacking Revolution you wouldnt expect many people to hack in game much less buy it. I have enjoyed my time in the game and from player to player, if you have the money and rig, this game will most likely leave you pleased."
,Recommended,243470,10249642,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,volt,"While it doesnt live up to the hype, no game ever could, so for what it is, its a good game, so far its really fun. Blends stealth and combat well, however driving and stealth, the ♥♥♥♥ where they thinking. 8/10"
,Not Recommended,243470,10251010,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,dcool VR,"Way over hyped game! Just wait to GTA V comes out on PC. I knew I should of canceled the order after reading reviews from the people that got the game earlier.I had high hopes for this game. After playing the missions for about a hour I found it to be really repetitive and boring. So with a open world map there so much to do. You can shoot people, steal cars, and play crappy arcade mini games, that is about it. The hacking gets old quick, all you can really do is change street lights put up blockers etc. I mean once you try it all it gets boring quick. I would wait till it goes on sale. The police are annoying, the water looks like crap. I wanted something fun to play but it really wasn't that great, you do the same stuff over and over.Not sure why it only shows I played a few minutes, I guess it's the crappy Uplay software that starts the game and after I forced closed it I guess it didn't update. Total time about 5 hours."
,Not Recommended,243470,10252701,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,LordScoobert,"Awww yiss. mutha♥♥♥♥in wach_dogs time. Install!Install done, lets play this!Hmm, whats a uplay?? Okay, make account.Info entered, submit.""Cannot make account as uplay is not connected to the internet. Check connection etc..""Hmmm thats kind of annoying, I am connected... Lets go to the website.Hmm why isn't the website loading, its just sitting on a blank white screen in my browser.Well this is a fully functional program..."
,Recommended,243470,10249961,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,SUPERTHOT,OK So here's how it is:NEGATIVE:1. The driving physics are a little bit unbearable and unrealistic. There is hardly any car denting or damage and it is very hard to inflict. It is closest to Dead Island driving. (This was the worst for me.)2. The cursor movement is just a tad bit sketchy and slow.3. For AMD this game is completely and utterly HORRIBLY optimized. So just make sure your computer is beefy.4. (Probably the worst.) The audioparing is messed up bad. You might have no vocal audio dialogue or other missing audio. In order to fix this make sure your speakers and sound drivers are matched at Stereo 44100 Hz 16 bit. It is the only thing that will work for me. 5.1 and 7.1 don't seem to work sometimes.POSITIVE:1. HACKING!? DWAH YEAH!2. The graphics are great. I don't know if they are the released ones shown in E3 footage but I can easily run the game on MAX Settings.3. It's fun but not as fun as the hype about it was. If you don't like the way the Ubisoft game engine has ran their games in the past then keep in mind this will be alike to some of their other games.
,Recommended,243470,10251424,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,nice,Awesome Game .Waited so long for it and now FPS gets in the way i havent played since FPS started -_-i reccommend this game to anyone that has the power offTHE NO LAG SPELL :)
,Not Recommended,243470,10251463,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Cpt Underpants,"DO NOT BUY UNTIL BUGS ARE CONFIRMED FIXED!Many people affected by crash-on-start, many in-game crashes and poor performance.Update: Ubisoft support have been zero help. Still crashes on start. Will update if things change."
76561198072050131,Recommended,243470,10255186,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,official pizza hut logo,-Uses Uplay-Uplay doesn't work10/10
76561198152479557,Not Recommended,243470,29404231,Posted: 21 January,all,helikahn,"Uninstalled after 6 hours of play. The controls are nearly useless, and the reaction to inputs is very vague on pc.Quests have been placed in locations which require to walk and search for vehicles again and again, when I fail those quests.The quests are either repetitive (help a stranger after a crime happened) or without useful explanation (how am I supposed to fullfil a quest where I am only allowed to beat gang members with a stick, when they shoot at me with automatic weapons -.-)Good that the game was on sale otherwise this would have been a big issue."
76561198131585871,Recommended,243470,27997354,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Eugen Bold,"You're Aiden Pierce, a hacking Watch Dog.This game is clearly this winner of ""Best Use of a Farm Animal"" for the 2016 Steam Awards."
,Not Recommended,243470,23478154,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,SpicyPepperoni,"I like the story and the crime report thing but online is full of hackers and explioters, not to mention there's no anti cheat and you can't report players in game, and the dev's have abandoned this game entirely. Recommend only for campgain."
,Not Recommended,243470,26444609,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,BulletMark™,it's ok.. but don't expect too much
,Not Recommended,243470,26180501,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,What Cat?,"Like allways, ubisoft lied about 40% of game, from gameplay to graphics. Dissapointing."
,Recommended,243470,10266178,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Salty,Stole 7000$ from a guy with Liver Cancer. GOTY
76561198137564022,Recommended,243470,35230034,Posted: 26 September,all,kanishk,this game tried to be a bit different from gta....and comes out with pretty good gimmicks....but you will forget about this game after the story
76561198141785016,Recommended,243470,16363623,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Corvus,"Don't believe the people who say it's a bad game IT'S NOT. You can even say it's pretty good. I'm not a fanboy but the game is really not bad and pretty enjoyable. The problem was that it was hyped as f**k.So here's my review.Pros:- The gameplay is great, especially car chases- There's a stealth mechanic.-Multiplayer is fun - you can chose between car racing, hacking other player, tailing other players and online decryption.- Cool secondary characters- The plot is pretty good if you ask me, but more detailes and lore are revealed from some of the bonus missions.- Cool stunts around the city which you can use to escape the police or just screw around.- Car chases... best part of the game. Escaping from the chase by hacking bridges, barriers and such, however it's much much more fun to eliminate the enemy. Hack barriers, street spikes, steam pipes or shoot your way out.- a reputation system - if you kill someone, steal a car or drive mad  - civilians will call the police on site. If you have a negative reputation, there will be a bounty on you and other players will invade your game to claim a prize.- A lot of content after finnishing the main story. Bonus content and missions.- graphics - a very detailed world with a great atmosphere-spying on people  ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)-memes, memes everywhereAnd now Cons;-Graphics, *sigh* so...Don't get me wrong, the graphics are amazing and It's a pretty detailed world but it's not what was shown on e3 and demos. There's a graphical mod (I recommend The Merged Mod) looks beautifull. I've added graphics in cons and pros for a reason.- If you screw up a part of a mission you automaticly fail and restart form the last checkpoint / the begining. A penalty for screwing up, if i may say.- I personaly really liked the plot but it could have been better or longer..- there's a lack of cutscenes in the bonus/secondary missions.Collect that and this, and in the end, you just get a target chase or elimination mission, not a awesome cutscene with some major plot and back story.-Quantity over quality - so yea there are a lot of bonus missions but most of them are repetative.  They are lots of fun and there's a lot of creative ways you can eliminate your target, but as i said.. repetative.The game is really fun and very under-rated. I spend 35e on the deluxe edition and have no regrets. It was just over hyped but it is totaly worth the 30$. I would give it 8/10. The game is great but suffered a lot from being over-hypeded with trailers and all sorts of advertisment. After several patches it runs fairly well.."
,Not Recommended,243470,10266230,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,⎛⎝Duckers⎠⎞,"1: Uplay has 90% chance to fail to login, same with the ctos iphone app, and finds no player in random match2: The handling is ridiculous, same with the physics and damage.3: Water from the fire hydrant goes right through the car (not very realistic, same when the car hits the water)4: Barerly any enviromental damage (no scratches on the car or walls when you crash your car into it)5: Ridiculous enviroment polygons (stairs all act like just a uphill with stair textures when you drive on it)6: Aiden barerly stands a few bullets before he dies even on easy7: Not that well optimized (barerly looks any different from low to ultra if you exclude shader and hbao+)8: The game crashes often9: 7GB of the game is just the audio files in arabic, italian, russian, and french. Delete them and it shrinks down to 13.9GB10: The graphics maxed out was half of what i expected and not well optimized either.11: The enemy just need to bump the car on me, a small bump, then im dead.12: the reflections in everything that has reflections shows a fake reflection.Conclusion: I want my money back."
,Not Recommended,243470,15078943,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Private Ryan,"Its a Ubisoft game, what do you expect?"
76561198222332680,Recommended,243470,27573126,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Nox Tenebris,"So, I preordered it for the PS3 thanks to hype. It wasn't exactly what I thought it would be (gta with hacks) but I had some good fun with it... Until I completed the story, then there wasn't much to do.Pros:Hacking steam pipesHacking street lightsHacking atmsHacking random playersGetting hacked by random playersGround work for Watch_Dogs 2Cons:Not GTA with hackingCrappy cars and drivingCrappy gunplay (ehh)Adien PericeDead NeicesDead only chick in the game that matters (spoilers)Dead game weeks after launchStupid policeStupid peopleStupid not being able to melee (Like in.. Uh... GTA...) peopleReally, I liked the game because of the interesting muitiplayer, semi limited but meh hacking, and uh... I'm sure there was something else... but the arcade driving, not being able to hit people (i dunno why that matters so much. It just does), stupidly easy police (get in a  boat), forgetful story (it was OK. I think. Really can't remeber), and other things I'm forgetting kept the game from living up the the hype it created. It was no No Man's Sky, but it was still a disapointment...BUT! I'm gonna recomend it because it's worth the $8.99 price I'm seeing on this Black Friday day. Just don't get it at full price."
,Recommended,243470,10481592,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Derby,1.9 hours of♥♥♥♥♥
76561197964999134,Recommended,243470,22122841,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,mosekvist™,I Love It :D
76561198022598563,Not Recommended,243470,19339259,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,gigi426,"I found the concept of Watch_Dogs to be interesting but I didn't see it executed well in this game.  I felt like there was too much emphasis on choices and evolving your skill trees in areas that shouldn't be considered such as driving.  In fact I thought that the fact that your driving controls were so poor at the beginning made this game impossible to navigate.  If it took some time to understand the controls and master them, it would had been fine, but the fact that you had to improve your driving itself with a skill tree instead of gaining additional perks broke my interest to keep playing."
,Recommended,243470,13993274,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,rsdworker,its very good game
,Recommended,243470,13532110,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Doge Meme,pretty damn fun to run around hacking♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,243470,17438193,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Machete,Horas de diversão garantida.
,Not Recommended,243470,29669167,Posted: 3 February,all,mr grips,"Watch Dogs 2 is much better than this one. Storywise, enginewise, and just generally. If Watch Dogs 2 didn't exist, sure, go for this game. But in its current state Watch_Dogs is not worth $15."
76561198047731082,Recommended,243470,25180869,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,FatCat,"This is one of my favourite games.1. Very good graphics2. The story is really good3. Car damage would be more realistic :)4. Too many hackable devices around, maybe (I think 50% of these would me more than enough)5. Optional missions are boring, actuallyI would recommend this game and already have pre-ordered the sequel. :)Also I would recommend Bad Blood DLC. It is short, but very good too."
,Not Recommended,243470,24639645,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,ksn0va,Ultra textures still stutter even with 6gb of VRAM.
76561198028678769,Not Recommended,243470,23447634,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Kyle,"A mediocre (at best) GTA clone that has *very* few genuinely fun and interesting moments, which mostly take place in gang hideouts that are ripped straight from the far superior Far Cry series. The city of Chicago is lifeless and the graphical fidelity is straight out of the Xbox 360 era. Was a huge disappointment in 2014, and in 2016 has only gotten worse. Has to be the worst driving in a AAA game ever. Watch_Dogs 2 just got leaked before this upcoming E3, and it better improve on this below average open world snore 'em up"
,Recommended,243470,28482532,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,PaulBGD,"Looking back at this game, I think the concept is great. The city is beautiful. The police chases every 2 minutes.. not so much. The police chase being the final boss? Yikes..Otherwise the game is decently fun, performance is fine and there's a good chunk of stuff to do in the main game. Story isn't too great, but if you're looking to play this before watch dogs 2 then it's a decent pickup if it's on sale."
76561198085792193,Recommended,243470,26034029,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,numan4634,"Bad reviews are mostly because of bad frame rates and optimization. They have a point but it does not shadow the fun in this  game. I have lowered settings and enjoyed digital villian lifestyle. Stroy is average for normal people but if you are into this digital world, story is good :) Gameplay is good. there are many ways to achieve what you want. Map is huge and has lots of activities. I got bored because it became like GTA after story is completed. I wanted more hacking stuff. But he game is definitely good."
76561198009586939,Not Recommended,243470,25772537,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Gamer CAM,Countless issues with Uplay and sign in requirements make any Ubisoft game on PC a pain! I can't even let my brother play without logging into my account to continue the progress. The game itself is okay but is too much stressss to run! When I paid via steam I should not have to go through all these external backdoors. WILL NOT run without uPlay setup and my account is currently suspended so I cannot resume where I got up to... Not impressed. Feel like I deserve a refund
76561197997405599,Not Recommended,243470,23460310,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Sensisnow,"Watch Dogs is like an online date after a long dry spell.You saw her online and she looked amazing! She had all the perfect shots that showed off all her best features. Then she starts sending you messages. She tells you that she can do things that you've never even experienced before, things that will blow your mind! She even sends you a video of herself doing unspeakable things, so you're sold.  Unfortunately, she's out of town, so you have to wait a few months until you can actually meet her. You're bummed, but you're still excited because she keeps texting you about all the fun you're going to have together soon.So you wait and wait and wait, until finally the day comes. You finally get to meet the woman of your dreams who agreed to do all sorts of super weird stuff with you, even though you're a super awkward guy. She shows up at your door drunk and it's some gangly looking chick with semi-ok breasts. Obviously you're disappointed because you've seen this live on the internet before and she looked nothing like this, but you think that something must have happened in the past few months and she seems like a great girl, so you go ahead and invite her in.Now this is where things get a bit awkward. Despite her five head, bushy brows, lazy eye, acne, halitosis, and small♥♥♥♥♥♥ you still really want to like this girl. You had a lot of great conversations and your personalities really seemed to click. Trying to break the ice, you bring up the elephant in the room and ask her why she looks so much differenly now. She's not happy with the insuation and immediately starts making excuses. Of course you know she's full of♥♥♥♥♥♥ but you put up with it anyways.  You also notice that she seems a bit slower to respond, almost like she has brain damage. She can still move around OK, but her movements just aren't as fluid, and she seems to stutter quite a bit.Now you're stuck with some gangly annoying drunk chick who won't go home. She obviously has no intent to leave, so you do what anyone else would do. You bang her for hours that first night and then get blackout drunk and try to never think about her again."
,Recommended,243470,31158516,Posted: 15 April,all,☆KTKTTPod01☆,Good game. Online is fun af
,Not Recommended,243470,14670096,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,SJ136,I feel ashamed that this game is in my library.
,Not Recommended,243470,32961687,Posted: 28 June,all,Magterodion,"Don't get me wrong, this was a good concept of a game, just a poorly-executed idea. I feel scammed."
,Not Recommended,243470,10300187,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Crusty Burgerhead,"No technical glitches, just awful gameplay. Suffered though five hours of it before I deleted it from my computer. $60 down the drain. Bought Castlevania for $8 just to have something to do this weekend."
76561198026491294,Not Recommended,243470,17007307,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,haloumi,>open game>crashes11/10
,Not Recommended,243470,10248228,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Skafian,Runs terrible on a brand new Alienware.  It also forces you to use UPlay.  The controls were obviously designed for a controller and not a keyboard and mouse.  It's unplayable on PC.To clarify the control issues: driving a car seems tuned to a pressure sensitive trigger.  W on the keyboard makes you full throttle.  Tap D or A and you are 100% committed to turning in the most extreme way possible.  These things together makes driving incredibly difficult.  The camera has a noticable delay between the time you move the mouse and when the camera actually rotates.The lighing is inconsistent and there are substantial rendering flaws.  Especially when driving.
,Recommended,243470,10250719,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Lokko,"Fun game, i would recommend it, even though at the time of writing this review i had just played the game for 2 straight hours and steam thinks i have played it for six minutes. Thanks Uplay,So overall great game but Uplay makes me want to cut my testecles off and put then where my eyes were before i loaded up Uplay.4.5 jelly beans out of orange.That score makes about as much sense as Uplay does."
76561198074803475,Not Recommended,243470,25917204,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Firefly,Horribbly Optimised...only 50 fps with a gtx 1070 and i5 4690? really ubisoft?[Insert joke] Can Uplay it? Cause I cant
,Recommended,243470,17294650,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Profile,Multiplayer full of hackers.
76561198124490077,Recommended,243470,10248684,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Brick Tamland,"Fantastic Game, though you will need to have your specifications a little higher than minimum. I have exactly minimum and on low settings i get terrible frame rate drop when lots of things start to happen like police chases and such. All in all, great gameplay so far, lots of potential. Haven't touched multiplayer and probably won't much, This seems the sort of game that will have people griefing all the time. Not to blame the game, but people are more often than not, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s..."
,Not Recommended,243470,23462260,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,rdemarco1,This game was recomended to me by a friend of mine and I tried it out on his Ps4. After playing it I wanted to buy myself the game on my computer. The game was $49.99 at the time so I hoped spending the money was worth it. I bought it and spent 5 hours waiting for downloads and when I launched the game it brought me to uplay. Uplay wanted me to get a CD card or an activation code just so I can play. I looked it up and it said that CD cards for Watch Dogs was $11.99 and its not that bad but then again I all ready paid $52.12 for the game all ready. I got the CD card and Uplay wouldn't allow it! Then I decided to get the game for my Xbox and it worked finally but after beating the storymode I just felt like I wanted to hit something because the story was horrible and I all ready spent $196.36 on the stupid game overall but what do you expect... Its Ubi Soft trying to steal my money. Don't waste your time!
,Recommended,243470,22487466,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,DΛRK ΘVΞRLΘΛD,I wonder if Ubisoft is using YOUR in-game choices to profile YOU... Either way; great game! ;)
76561198121148698,Not Recommended,243470,14049981,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,jacobbacob3,"worst game ever made, waste of 40 bucks, once i start a new game it crashes me computer!"
,Recommended,243470,23101797,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Frank,"I didnt drop 160+ hours into this game for nothing. this game is the first of its kind. cyber and urban warfare, hacking, a compelling story overall. starts with Lena's death, Aiden sets out to find the one who ordered the hit. But it turns into something much MUCH bigger. play the story a few times when you're baked and the story will be 10 times more compelling.Just one downside about the game tho... THE LAG! cmon ubisoft, its been 2 years since this game was released and yet there is no sign of any bugfixes or game optimization. It has so much potential and these reviews wouldnt have been mixed"
,Recommended,243470,10251413,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Matumbrambang,"Ok been playing this game in couple of hours, it`s time to write some review.The GraphicsFrist Thing is ""This Game is Only Support 64 BIT Windows""I run this game on high setting with HBAO+LOW and i got 30-35 fps maybe it smooth.My proccesor is Intel Core i7-4700 MQ,Ram 16 GB, GTX 780M.Wait a minute that is laptop..yeah ur right dont mind those VGA Number. Actually GTX 780M=GTX660 TI desktopI never gets such a  frame rate drops or something so basically this game is ""GOOD PORTING""The GameplaysSomething that can pull my interest is the mechanical combats and the running system. Its well build and make you feel like a movie actor that is so sick. About the hacking system..... well..... its a part of the game so i am not very excited. Beside of that The city is so life..how can they make this game?? every people got their own activities on the road its very simmiliar with my hometown lol. The profile of each citizen is random so whenever you meet same person it will get another profile instead. This game basically lack of freedom of sandbox games..you cant sit...you cant punch people(that is my favorite thing)...you cant buy another house...there is so many things that you should be able to do like GTA V. So dont compare this game with GTA..this is very different game..Wathdogs has potential on the gameplay mechanics and the graphics. Even the Explosions on gas station has steps..that is so real...instead on GTA V its suddenly boom.I recommend thisgame..Why?because The watchdogs is fresh title its a not copy of GTA or Sleeping dogs. Play it and you will know how does it feel become chuck norris"
,Recommended,243470,10249367,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,heartomics_dev,Splintercell meets Assassin's creed. Single player is not my forte. Watch Dogs single player experience has me hooked. It is a stepping stone to harness your mind game skills for the multiplayer.
,Not Recommended,243470,23591510,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Fletcher,"Everything is connected, exept Uplay."
,Not Recommended,243470,19374072,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,StarrLord,Step 1: Buy and InstallStep 2: Drive a car (Probably crash into a wall)Step 3: Write a bad Car Physics ReviewStep 4: Uninstall and Refund
,Recommended,243470,10249627,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,ant.,"Feels like a GTA game, but you can spring traps everywhere."
,Recommended,243470,10249444,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Destroyer T,Great game. Still a little buggy but worth the money. I would give it 8/10.
76561198163148477,Not Recommended,243470,26724429,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,MassSpecFella,Painfully boring.
76561198060421127,Not Recommended,243470,23444804,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,S1ickReed,The most boring main character I have every played in a game. Just about every character in the game is interesting except the main.
,Not Recommended,243470,12711408,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,EML,"If Hitler were to make a video game to kill people with in WW2, Watch_Dogs would be it."
76561198088848890,Recommended,243470,12781209,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Lyffhäuser,"The game may have been blown out of proportion a little bit. But it is definently worth the money. Extremely fun as long as your pc is up for it, and it will provide many hours of enjoyment. One of my favorite games, it has a really good storyline, you just have to get into it. And dont forget to do side missions, they actually really help you submerge yourself in this game. Plus Chicago is really badass and your phone blows♥♥♥♥♥♥up like a ♥♥♥♥ing terrorist."
76561197995098520,Not Recommended,243470,23469167,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Bencylverni,Like: everything that was promisedDislike: everything that was in the game
,Recommended,243470,20457595,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,KriticalKat,It's alright.
,Not Recommended,243470,20616191,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Sause on my balls,It comes withUplaya virus
,Recommended,243470,17636817,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Hizzer,A Chicago of omnipresent connected technology is hijacked by a hacker bent on revenge in Ubisoft Montreal's action sandbox.
,Not Recommended,243470,10256551,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,LoneWolf,not worth the hype Id comepare this to big rigs but atleast you  can play bigrigs without crashing as much as watch dogs
,Not Recommended,243470,12766507,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,D.e.v.i.O.S ,Ubisoft removedt my and other people reviews that were  in-depth as to why the game isnt what was promisedso basicly if a Company goes to as far to remove all NEGATIVE reviews to boost their salesI need not say more.
,Recommended,243470,22409192,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,SuperFastZebra,"The game itself is very good I have allmost 50 hours in this and im not planning on stopping, but every single ubisoft game that included uplay allways crashed when I first started it up fixing this is very easy you can find it any where on the internet anyway back to the game it includes tons of content for example digital trips very different to the actuall free roam and the story in one of them you drive a car covered in spikes and blood driving over some devils and in anotherone you try to light up the ct by hacking generators while cyborgs hunt you down, you can do so much after completing the main story definetly reccomend it"
,Recommended,243470,24749831,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Basil Brush,Daimien dies
,Not Recommended,243470,20977138,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,.subnet,overhyped and underdelivered.
,Not Recommended,243470,26743684,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,mc teves,Looks like an excellent game ain't made in short time.(and they even compared it to GTA V)May be worth in a sale.
,Not Recommended,243470,12745179,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Father,"- Story is boring.- Fell asleep once, true story.- Gameplay is a huge letdown.- Online play is plain frustrating.- The main character:- Major ""silent hurting badass"" type- Lacks any real character.- Real hard to relate to.- Not Niko Bellic- Not Max Payne- Definitely not Master Chief- Too much QQ- Only two notable characters: a hilarious contractor and the main antagonist that only appears at the end of story... disappointing.- Waste of money- Ended up finishing the story anyways cause I thought it would get better.- Doesnt get any better.- Waste of time- Waste of money+ Major good marketting though."
,Not Recommended,243470,26632458,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,hazukirecro,"horrible mouse acceleration and lag which can NOT be deactivated, not even through config file or any other ""fix"". makes the game unplayable for me. fyi, i run a 1151 socket system with 32GB RAM on a GTX970. mouse is a final mouse 2015,"
76561198045973518,Recommended,243470,25489268,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,TrilbyMcNab,"I invited a friend round to play it about 3 months ago, he owns an xbox one so only really experiences that. The first thing he said to me when starting this game was ""Look at those bricks"" referring to a building wall in game. After that it was all ""wow""  ""whoah""  ""♥♥♥♥ing hell"".  But I must admit even with a 980ti 6gb  it still lags a noticable bit when driving.  This is a very generous thumbs up. Haven't really got into the story. This is just a graphical perspective.i7 4770k at 3.5, 16 gb ram at 1333 mhz, GTX 980ti, bog standard wd hard drive with 1 tb"
76561198083435703,Recommended,243470,25564134,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,SquidDude,"I love this game! one of the most revolutionary games of our time. Free roam, great story, great gameplay. Amazing 10/10 in my eyes. WHat are you waiting for? BUY IT NOW!!!"
,Not Recommended,243470,11319242,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Ｃｒｅａｓｙ,"I don't know where to start, because i really feel like that i am fooled. I guess i need to start from the begining of the hype and the date was june 2012. My jaw dropped when i saw the announcement gameplay trailer and i thought that i needed massive upgrade to my pc to play this game smooth and at the max settings because this was it, the milestone, I made all my friends watch the video, also made one of my friends to buy the game, but i was wrong and it was really hard to me to confess that.Let's start with graphics. First of all my pc runs game between high-ultra settings, but it's sure that this game's system requirement is too high for it's graphics and it's world. I think there is something wrong with graphics of this game and it confuses me. During the daytime graphics look old, like the game is 4-5 years old, but in the night and especially rainy night, the graphics look really fascinating. ( By the way i used some mods to improve my graphics.)The gameworld fells like unnatural, not living for instance whenever i got out from my motel everytime a random girl yells at a boy from balcony and throws his bag to street, everytime same action but different npcs, also at the corner of the street everytime a couple makes out, when i start the game hours later different couple makes out at the same point. Ubisoft said that ""Every NPC is unique, you will never meet a NPC twice."" There are at max 10-15 different looking NPCs in game only difference between them are their clothes and hairs. You can see same fat looking dude in different clothes for 5 times in 2 minutes, all these reasons killed the living world experience. Driving physics and vehicle handling are broken for most car types,at the start it felt like simulation but it's bronken also the damage model seems to be a bit poor, for instance from time to time after so many hits, the main body area of the car appeares to be in pretty good condition even some time you don't even see a scratch. Mini games was fun for some time. Soundtrack was poor, it has very few songs. My playtime 26 hours shows on record on steam but it weirdly stopped recording my playtime and doesn't records anymore. Now The Story and missions, 8 out of 10 mission are sneak in some area or building, steal some data and get out. The Summary of The Story  isbetrayal&revenge.In conclusion, this game was my very first pre-purchased game of my gaming life and now i am sure that i will never pre-purchase any game if it's not a sequel.""D+"""
,Not Recommended,243470,17292811,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,GetALifeFoundation,Never get hype.
76561198048008254,Not Recommended,243470,10400946,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Roque | B> QS Unusuals,one word:  s-h-1-t.
,Recommended,243470,10251660,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Schnoopy,"Great Game, amazing story, worth the buy. I just wish it didn't need to use UPlay."
,Not Recommended,243470,10253729,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,★JaayKidd★,Pc port is horrible.
76561198014518775,Not Recommended,243470,10251192,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,doctorwho30,I had pre-ordered the game and just downloaded it today and no matter what I do in the settings or anything it either crashes the game or crashes my computer hardcore I am not even able to see the intro cut-scean. Oh it also freezes at the load screen just befoure u would get into the game then crashes worst 60 spent EVER
,Not Recommended,243470,10251213,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Shadow,"Game is virtually unplayable. Constant frame lock ups, very low fps on a high end rig. Until this game is patched to be made playable, do not buy."
,Not Recommended,243470,10253646,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Danie Le Montano,I cant play that♥♥♥♥♥♥cuz of uplayuplay is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198097983336,Recommended,243470,10254596,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,WonderfulfunCore,Uplay is not working wasted my 60$ for nothing how could uplay do this. sooo messed up.
,Recommended,243470,11267049,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,JackDaniels325,"Great game. Really gets you thinking on ease of access all your personal information is at the hands at. When I first saw this game I was thinking of my favorite TV series Person of interest. This is in no way Person of interest, but it sorta gives you a similar feeling that you can choose to protect people or elemenate them or exploit them for personal gain.There are still bug's with the game and a few error's here and there that will crop up. But you can always count on getting a quick laugh when something goes completely wrong.As you play you will find the game controls similar to the feel of Assasins creed. Though every time I attempted to hack a helicopter from cover I had to exit cover and stand up where I was just to finally hack the helicopter each time to get riddle with the bullet's of the very nice police officers shooting me while I ran through out the city un-armed.Great game, very interesting linear story. But, you do have a moral choice and to me including electronic play into the mix is all the fun I need to justify me playing this game again another time in the future after more of the DLC is released."
76561198271376837,Recommended,243470,25571961,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,ninjapersonofdoom,"I LOVE this game. its like a mixture of gta, hitman absolution, and some other hacker♥♥♥♥♥♥ that as far as my experience goes, is completely unique. the story is very compelling, and as far as game stories goes, this one is u with the  best (that I have expirenced). so there are the obvious complaints I have seen that make people rate it down, like the whole driving aspect is very difficult, however that was only at first, and only because the steering (with keyboard,  havent used controller) is very sensetive, and the looking up at helicopters, which I agree, is annoying, but not enough for me not to recomend it. there are also people saying, its just poorly made, crashes a bunch, and a couple people saying it had frame rate issues (I think), but seeing how my comp only meets the minumal requirements EDIT:(I was wrong, I meet the recomended requiremens, so ignore this point) and still plays fine, I cant reall see what there talking about. I just can see anything bad with this game, other then a couple anooying features (again, looking up at helicopters can get annoying, the over sensetivity, but that I got used to real fast.)my one major complaint is that the campagin is to small, but even after finishing that, there is plenty to do. im in no way a completionist, but this game has been turning me into one. hell not only did it give me the drive to complete everything in this one, im even trying to get all the dark souls 2 ahievments now cause of it.overall, I f-ing love this game. perhaps its my bias in any game that has to do with hacking, or the fact that I have been itching for a nice third person shooter like this.as for the online, it as new as I am to it, has already given me some memorable moments. I do wish they did the whole drinking competition online, really all those minigames I wish were online, but thats not a big deal.for some final points, as this is already big, this game is great for the price, it has some very unique mechanics (unique to me at least), and once you get past the small thing, it may even be your favorite game (if it wasnt for my bias of the dark souls games, as those I just love, it would be mine.) SO WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR? GET THE GAME, AND HAVE THE EXPERIENCE OF A LIFETIME. another complaint of mie thogh, is the sequel. I mean come on now, making me pay extra for ctos 2.0, I hate it. though I can tell you now, if I ever get the money, im buying that sequel. anyways this is long, so im logging off now."
76561198066808159,Not Recommended,243470,31945617,Posted: 24 May,all,canadian couch,"couldn't watch any dogs, ran too ♥♥♥♥♥♥."
76561198136539750,Recommended,243470,22994513,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Blacksmiff,"I am blown away. I only purchased this after THE DIVISION. Same controls, just way more to do, way more fun.The gunplay, traversal,, and hacking games are fun. The driving is nothing like GTA or ANY OTHER DRIVING GAME, but its not punishing either.The ending is awesome too. By the end, You like Aiden Pierce. You begin to miss his voice.This city feels way better thanks to each resident having a name, andhow everything seems connected. I only wish there was Co-Op, but you dont need t because youre such a Warrior. Buy the alternate outfits, because I promise the darkman look will boost the game to 1000.I love this game. Best realized city in games. period. purchase with confidence."
76561198178413337,Not Recommended,243470,26188972,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Zee,"I can't play this game anymore, and that's disappointing because it does seem like a really great game.I played about 35 hours with no issues whatsoever, and then out of nowhere, the framerate dropped and the game started lagging. I've tried everything to no avail. Dropping the graphics quality settings did nothing (but I had been playing them on high with no problems before, so that couldn't have been the problem). My GPU monitor say the game was eating up 99% of the GPU, while only using 25% of my CPU. I have a GTX960 with 4GB dedicated VRAM, yet I'm getting framerates between 7-20. This should not be an issue. No other game has had problems on this PC, but judging from what I've read this is a common problem with Watch Dogs and Ubisoft doesn't seem to care.I've read I can't get my money back if I played as many hours as I have. Shame. The game is unplayable in its current state."
,Recommended,243470,23457583,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,warlockbenj,"In my opinion the game was a lot of fun, the story was interesting and so was running from the police. Sure the game had its performance problems every so often, but I was able to work around them. 7/10"
,Not Recommended,243470,16928972,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Captain Corgi,muh daughter
,Not Recommended,243470,10252117,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,mrprogamer96,if i can only say one work about watch_dogs on pc is broken. i will recommend this game when ubi fixs it.
76561198072731026,Not Recommended,243470,10252694,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,sidtheflid,"Waste of £40, running on a decent spec pc and the fps is standardly at about 15, especially when driving. Hopefully they will improve the game by releasing a stabilising patch, but until then, its 100% unplayable (for me anyway) DO NOT BUY"
,Not Recommended,243470,29122154,Posted: 8 January,all,The Fuckin Moon,"I know many big budget games are intended for console. I have never been insulted by that fact until this game.The controls are atrocious; mandatory mouse smoothing, aim assist and basic aspects of the game (like camera snap for cars, which isn't a problem if you constantly have a finger on a control stick, and the phone menu, which often overshoots options). This with already poor systems for shooting and car handling, as well as the huge advantages an invaded player has, often visibly gets in the way of actually playing the game.I really wanted it to be better than it was but I've played cellphone ports that play better."
,Not Recommended,243470,17639901,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Ñeṕ†ṳηḝ™,This game runs like potato. Even at the lowest settings.
,Not Recommended,243470,14825981,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Baldiie,kill yourself before buying this. worst game ever ♥♥♥♥ ubisoft in their ladyboy asses
,Not Recommended,243470,33000614,Posted: 29 June,all,RiffedX,"Did not like how the PC verison plays. Even with a controller. If you have the option, pick it up on console IMO, that's what I'm doing."
,Recommended,243470,24643912,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,t.tv/snugglefreshandfriends,"So I took my dog to the ""Dog Park"" today, I watched him play with all kinds of dogs from Golden Retrievers, Hounds, Bull Dogs, Poodles, German Shepherds, Chihuahuas, Pugs, Boxers, Rottweilers, Pinchers, a Great Dane, and an Australian Shepherd.  We we got home my mom asked, ""What did you do today?""  I replied, ""Watched Dogs"""
,Not Recommended,243470,10254249,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Beautiful Vietnamese,Do not buy this game just because it has Uplay in it. Can't even log in because of this TAKE OUT UPLAY
76561198014334925,Not Recommended,243470,10253653,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,lAce,Unplayable on day Zero.
76561197980100557,Not Recommended,243470,10253734,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Xastanga,"Eject Uplay from the system, it f***ing sucks. It's given me so much grief I've considered tryingto get my money back..."
76561197970575215,Not Recommended,243470,10254164,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Hungry Hungry Hippos,The only reason you need not to buy this game is that you need to install Uplay! I wasted my money on this game and I can't even get online because Uplay sucks.  Maybe the consol version is a better option.
76561198136230385,Not Recommended,243470,10251807,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,MR_Dynamitee,I got this game and now every time it loads up i get BSOD. Thanks ubisoft
,Recommended,243470,10255305,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Panty Raider,"All these negative reviews....Game runs smoothly, no insanely long loading screens as everyone keeps complaining, not a single crash, as the majority of people complained..Game has stuff to do, a little bit repeatedetive, but hey, you don't always have to hack through cameras or jump in shooting with your firearms. driving might be silly, but it gives some challenge on greater speeds, what makes this better than flip-over-on-a-turn gta mechanics.The only issue i have met is connected to shadows, they derp a bit, blink and etc,.Hacking someone is quite fun, hide somewhere and begin hacking! just when you are hacked it's something that would make you stress, especially if otherp layer can hide on other level from you ( higher or lower )Racing, did two races, hilarious stuff as chances are equal, same vehicles for everyone, nitros, but well, everyone gets the same amount, so no way it's unfair advantage.waiting queues for these online modes are sadly sometimes way too crazy, but still, you do not notice  how your game disconnects from the multiplayer, you notice it only when you connect, as it mvoes you to another place on the map, so reasonably you're going to have some loading stuff.running on my GTX770 2GB with i5-4670 and with 8gigs of ram, not a single performance issue so far.i like it and i do recommend it to play the same game in different ways, unlike gta, here your decisions do matter, if you pick to kill a citizen or a cop or instead just harmlessly run away from police and help poor citizen when they are being attacked during crime."
,Recommended,243470,10258280,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Yuhoo,Killed a girl with a clown fetish11/10
,Not Recommended,243470,13041564,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Pearce,Don't waste your money. ♥♥♥♥ Ubisoft
76561198009102083,Not Recommended,243470,29268700,Posted: 15 January,all,jorre.holland,"The GTA with a hacking component gameplay is fun enough, but the main character, Aiden, is utterly unlikable, a poorly written angry angsty young man wallowing in self self pity and lashing out at some nasty meanies that took something precious from him. And I'm not even talking about the cringeworthy dialoges he has with an allied hacker named Clara that seem to come straight from some pickup artist manuals section on negging. The story line is completely missing the self awareness that GTA has. Too bad because the ctOS ne google is evil and taking over the world and there's an underground taking it on is a nice premise. Replay some GTA instead."
,Not Recommended,243470,17280678,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Sentinal of Ruach,"Absalute waste of time and money! Terrible title, huge marketing hype for game that does not work properly."
,Not Recommended,243470,19410258,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,sonyguy,Game was good form the start but after some time it got boring doing the same thing again and again even replaying it was boringseason pass was a joke only one big DLC came out that dlc was joke. I pre order the game wast of moneyif you like free rom games then there you goother wise this game is meh and crapper fest
76561197964133329,Not Recommended,243470,19559993,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,AsRock,"UBI dropped the ball AGAIN, they did not finish the title controls suck like no other along with crashing in to stuff is totally lame.$5 at best, they should allowed modding to the game so the community could of finished what they failed at."
76561198006595067,Not Recommended,243470,19898066,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,TexasTig1096,"I wanted to like this game, I really did. I went in with an open mind and an open heart and I left 40 hours later severely disappointed. Watch_Dogs has everything I love in a relaxing game: a big open world for getting lost, driving, stealth gameplay, cyberpunk, all sorts of elements. For as big and complex as the game world is, however, Watch_Dogs is incredibly empty.Watch_Dogs has you controlling Aiden Pearce, master hacker and parkour enthusiast, as he hacks his way through a futuristic security network linking all of Chicago. The game world has, by far, some of the best object modelling and NPC generation I've seen to give the urban environment of Chicago a living, breathing feel. Yards and sidewalks have clutter that changes with the socio-economic level of different parts of town and as Aiden free runs through back yards or across apartment complexes, it's not unlikely you'll trip over barbeque pits or shopping carts reasonably placed in real world settings. NPC's look varied and react differently to your actions and, after a while, the environment does feel sentient.The fantasy stops there, however, as the graphics, which you've no doubt heard by now, have been so watered down from the E3 demo that they look almost cartoonish. The color palette is off with a base-level shade spectrum you don't see in the real world, and the textures are clean and flat to the point of almost appearing two dimensional. Shading is apparent but thin, debris is minimal, and even in hot and heavy gunfights and car chases, everything just looks so mild. There are a lot of objects being rendered and maybe that's why the textures are so muted, but when Grand Theft Auto 4, 2008, and especially Assassin's Creed, 2007, look better than Watch_Dogs, one wonders why it was released at $65.The driving, a major part of the game, is just absurd. Almost all of the cars are modeled the same way, poorly. Whether it's a 70's muscle car or Euro exotic, they all have back ends that float away on the corners and send you crashing left and right. I stuck to the same motorcycle throughout the game, wasting some beautiful artwork crafting dozens of useless cars. Collision detection was almost non-existent except for head-on impacts, and body damage on vehicles seemed almost random at times, with odd dents appearing on places where the car was not touched. Very poorly done.The gameplay mirrors the graphics with a dull story that ignores the surrounding elements of advanced technology, privacy, illegal searches, totalitarianism, and even human trafficking, and settles on a simple but convoluted revenge story. The voice acting is decent but story elements are for naught and some are just stupid, like a main character dying in an odd setting for no reason, and a plot twist at the end that bears no consequences. I'm curious if the people that wrote the plot were even shown the game they were supposed to be following.The game is divided into several smaller missions that almost play out exactly the same almost every time. The same objectives, the same enemies, it's just tedium after a while. The ""hacking"" is non-existent as checking people's phones or activating cameras is done with the Q key automatically. Breaking into a system uses the old water pipe puzzles from Flash games you could play for free on the Internet. PC Gamer reported in 2013 that the developers were utilizing real cybersecurity experts to consult for the game, and I really can't see where their tutelage was utilized. At least the gunfights were fun, which they better be considering you can carry an obscene amount of guns and explosives on your person. The worst of all this, however, was when the objectives were completed and I was given the option to kill all the enemies or leave the area. I walked away almost unchallenged, and I did this repeatedly on the hardest difficulty setting. After doing what I was supposed to do, I just ran from the area with maybe a short car chase or helicopter pursuit, but in the end I truly just left the scene unchallenged. There's a ""bullet time"" mode for when the going gets tough called ""Focus"". I made it through the entire game on hard without having to use it once.Watch_Dogs offers no challenge, not as a game nor as an intellectual topic. I put 40 hours into this game feeling like I had wandered about a beautiful, yet flat, setting for no reason whatsoever. It saddens me because I know the painstaking detail that went into developing the game world, but in the end there's no reason to go back to it after finishing the story. I could go wrap up the massive amount of side quests and secondary objectives but why? If you played one you've experienced all of them. Watch_Dogs is a pointless trip down busy streets, and in the end I felt less of a hacker and more of a digital tourist."
,Recommended,243470,10809414,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Rainbow,"I was wondering what exactly write to this review because I have strongly mixed feelings from this game. Graphics are not nearly as good as promised and nowhere near E32012 demo (even with TheWorse mod), so take that into account before buying the game. Game is as well pretty unstable and you will be forced to restart it quite often due to some minor graphic bugs.Optimalization - well, I can't use mild language here. Month after release and optimalization still suck balls. I have brand new PC with the second best Radeon graphic card on market at this moment (25/6/2014) which I bought mainly for this game and it for sure is better PC than reccomended hardware from developers themselves. Yet on Ultra settings I experience FPS drops very often.Also don't buy this game for multiplayer or you'll be dissapointed. Online hacking into someone other's game is really funny and I spend quite some time on that but other modes are totally unplayable because you'll get paired with people from the other side of the world - so multiplayer has potential, but that potential is ultimately killed. But yeah, the most fun part of multiplayer - the online hacking works more or less fine, I just feel like only one multiplayer mode, though it is fun, isn't enough.But I don't want to write only bad stuff about this game. SIngle player is great, hacking features is all that was promised to us and even with downgraded graphics the game still looks amazing. Side missions, though repetetive after while, are good and won't bore you. Story line isn't the greatest I've seen but also not worst and from the side of gameplay and combat - I have nothing to complain about.Overall I can recommend the game, I enjoyed playing it and I don't regret the money I spent on it (even though for 60 EUR I was promised and I was expecting more) but If you are considering its purchase, I would wait a bit for some patches or for steam sale. In the current state, the game is not worth 60 EUR, but rather something around 30 EUR.7.5/10"
,Recommended,243470,11509178,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Obsidian,"Could be a great game, but I am still having odd trouble with it.....Update: I sold my crossfired R9 270x cards, and picked up a Titan Black. I can now say that the game is beautiful without any problems at all. I currently run the game on three monitors with everthing cranked all the way up to Ultra, etc. I am also a graphic designer, and video editor, so that influenced my choice of video card. I do highly recommend the 780 Ti to those who do not want to fork out the extra money for a Titan.This game is a lot of fun."
,Recommended,243470,11508157,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Matasu,"This is the kind of game I've always dreamt about. I really recommend it, although it has high requirements10/10Love ya Clara :D"
,Not Recommended,243470,11310713,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Skyguycb™,It does not contain people with glowing purple nipples. -5 babys/akira toriyama
,Recommended,243470,10922778,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Baeponine,"While sprinting past a man, he says ""Run, Forrest, run!""19/23"
76561198029184857,Not Recommended,243470,10328268,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Hermiter,"I know it's called Watch Dogs, but all I'm watching is Ubisoft stroking their♥♥♥♥♥♥with my $60."
76561198081951129,Recommended,243470,10321980,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Vault Boy,"Well, Well, Well, Where to begin?I would rate this 9/10, it requires you to think quickly upon what 'traps' you will use to dispose of any opponents wether it be lucky Quin and his gang of corrupt misfits or the chicago police department there is always something to take down.Also there is a good mix of Characters that has a mix of comedy, tragedy and action!Aswell as this side missions such as fixer contracts are fun, and i always enjoyed stealing some cars for targets!This game is excellent, apart from a few flaws such as the driving being hard to get used to, acceleration and reversing seems to have a kick buff for some reason? and the handling of cars is jolty its like saints row the third's driving, this means AI such as cops can have the upper hand providing you dont flip then over using some back lane bollards, i also believ that the campaign could have been a little longer... at the end you deny a quest to help DedSec, accepting to help them might have made a few more missions. there is also a problem if you drive to fast the textures break and you cant see a thing, i believe they are working on this.However ignore all that crap, this game was un to play a compelling story and it is fun leading cops into unsuspecting traps such as steam pipes, spikes, crossroads and more! it is a real fun game to play and you get drawn in to the campaign so you want to do moreand more!There is a small problem, its helpful to players but there are no such things as police boats so if you have a 5star wanted level hop in a boat and in a bout a minuite or so your fine!I would recommend buying this game if your looking for something like GTA but less terrorist and more hacking genius."
,Recommended,243470,10262000,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Via_Paradoxi,"Ok. First of all let's start about the exaggerated negative reviews. They are not about the game. They are about system specs (which they don't have because they are poor)about Uplay(which everybody cries about but it's not so bad after all) and about themselves. Most gamers are at a very low unsophisticated point where nothing is good enough because they aren't good enough. Just look at their pictures. Why some negative reviewers still play the game? Why some negative reviewers have just played the game for only 1 hour? Not enough to make a review.About the gameExcellent graphics if you can afford a decent graphics card.Interesting story that leads you to different kind of missions. Take down a gang boss, find out who is harrassing your family you name it.A lot of different kinds of side missions. You can investigate, catch and stop criminals before or after they hurt innocent people. Anytime you can choose to open the profiler which leads to unlocking music,cars, hacking through cameras and also prying into peoples apartments and personal lives.A lot of skills that you can unlock through experience. Hacks, Combat etcYou play any way you want. Stealth, Guns blazing, Driving, Hacking. Everything is enjoyable. First time i *really* enjoyed driving in an action game.Unpredictable gameplay. You never know if a criminal will run, pull a gun at you. You can ignore criminals or pursuit them.Hotspots throughout the game where you can unlock and even leave gifts to your friends and other players(helpful!)Mini games and apps...excellent! Turn the city into a video game(CASH RUN YEAH!), listen to music or take a digital *trip* VERY fun!Vehicles. You can unlock any kind of vehicle from motorcycles to sports cars and have it delivered to you where you are.Multiplayer. Despite the usual idiots who don't have lives multi is also good. There are different modes to choose from and you can just roam around the city and do other stuff until you find another player. You can hack or tail other players(fixers) or they can do it to you. You can team play at Online Decryptiom with friends. All these modes are pure adrenaline since you don't know how a person will react when you try to hack them. Where will you hide. If you screw up you need to get away...fast!I am pretty sure i forget something. Overall thumbs up for the game. This is the first real Next Generation experience and as an old-school gamer i am happy to say that if this is the future of video games(from a technology perspective) i am excited for it. Come on guys! The amount of activity of every citizen around you every piece of information. Do you prefer recycled crap games every year? Buy a good system and play the game! It is totally worth it!"
76561198122434262,Recommended,243470,18735239,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,gabpower,"Excellent game from Ubisoft featuring an open world playfield. Much like Assassin's Creed this game let's you go anywhere and you must go to a certain point on the map to do a mission. You just don't climb in this one, much like real life. The hacking system is well done. Graphics and sounds are excellent. The online multiplayer is a ton of fun with a lot of replay value.Some people tend to dislike Uplay but never had any problems with it except when my internet was down.Highly recommended."
76561198037738074,Not Recommended,243470,18787513,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Adam Malik,get sleeping dogs
76561198027425064,Not Recommended,243470,17269261,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Abraxus,After playing GTA V I just couldn't get into this game. I don't even want to waste my time writing about why it sucks. It just does. I played it a for a couple hours and deleted it. Just get gta.
76561198088655444,Recommended,243470,11519923,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Chaotic,"this games is great to play, you can have endless fun by hacking the WHOLE CITY"
,Recommended,243470,10273358,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Azric,"Ok so there are a lot of review just blaming uplay for being down... Yes uplay is slow because of all the users on it but it will eventually login and then you get to experience the awesomeness that is Watch Dogs.Pros - Really Fun Gameplay (Good gun mechanics, Driving is challenging but when you get used to it, you can get from point A to B in no time)Cops are actually Challenging to get away from which is a nice change from games like... GTAGraphics are awesome (NVIDIA ONLY)Missions and Story are entertaining and gives you many hours of gameplayCons - Cops are hard to get away from =DSome side missions and other side activity's are not available strait away.Uplay if laggy and can take a couple of trys to login because so many users are on at one time.Conclusion - It is a really awesome game and well worth the money. if you are thinking of getting the game maybe wait a couple of weeks for ubisoft to get up to speed with uplay but other wise it is a really solid game with no major faults.Rating -  9/10"
76561197970785554,Not Recommended,243470,19664754,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Hal_2005,"A emo, bug infested version of GTA5. Don't bother."
,Recommended,243470,22121888,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,✪BvB®™,Learn to Be a Hacker
,Not Recommended,243470,22093975,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Fisho,The Verification is broken and you can not get another code if you lose yours.
,Recommended,243470,10259687,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Shewsbeef,"The game is amazing. For those who are saying they are getting crashes and whatever else, you're dumb it's your crappy computer that's the problem, not the game."
76561198107904194,Recommended,243470,14784928,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Giraffe,this game is♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,243470,17296418,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,godlike,Pros:- Graphics- Animation- High production valuesCons:- Story and shallow characters- Setting. The city is not interesting at all- Unenjoyable driving- The concept of hacking doesn't make any sense- And the worst of all: boring missions
76561197991349005,Recommended,243470,22787175,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,gablamy,great  gta like
76561198017706303,Not Recommended,243470,12709360,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Rankalee,bad optimizationstuttering problembuy it on console way better than pc
76561198172718061,Recommended,243470,29223196,Posted: 13 January,all,✪_XxYOLOxX_,"I have no words to explain how amazing this game is! This game is awrsome you must get it if you can. Open world tons of fun, blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up, hack♥♥♥♥♥♥ kill people. Its awesome!"
76561198029898506,Not Recommended,243470,17279872,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,[GC]Ted Striker,go for gta 5 instead...
,Not Recommended,243470,28598125,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,BrupcatBR,"Poorly executed, poorly written, barely fun, but you can still have fun, but it still is bland and at least the gameplay feels a little better in regards to shooting. Still, a solid game as of its fun and some stuff, but i can barely really recommend it further, besides, a terrible PC port.5/10 ~If you think the fun is worthwhile, then go on, just don't be surprised if you think it's bland and the overwhelming fun is over with very quickly and overall it's just bland♥♥♥♥♥♥and boring♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198026737579,Recommended,243470,14896800,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Moodster,I do not get why this game gets a lot of hate...Its really good in my opinion.But hey...Im just a random person telling you this :)
76561198034178857,Not Recommended,243470,19372556,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Dudewitagun,"this game does not live up to the expectations everyone had for it. It is NOT next gen worthy becasue the physics seem unrealistic, The AI is very dumb. graphics are not up to par. Story is not very emersive...I didnt care about the characters while playing. ALSO it gets very difficult, although the AI is dumb they also have unrealistically great aim at times which will ♥♥♥♥♥♥you off. I played the whole game and I would say DO NOT get it unless its on sale for like 3 dollars if you  really want to play it that bad.Also....the hacker aspect is not as cool as they said it would be, they barely implemented it...you can hack into lights and cameras and power transforers but its not as intense as you would think....it gets lame after a couple missions.DRIVING SUCKS TOO"
76561198069849968,Recommended,243470,11542815,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,JeeJee,Definitely a game that satisfy your curiousity.
76561198041052368,Recommended,243470,10257147,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,aussieboy1011,"Seeing as I am one of the few individuals who is responsible enough to research what exatly a game needs to run properly and specifically downloads graphics drivers for massive games such as these, it seems that my completly flawless and wonderful experience in a rare one. Of all the complaints about this game, my little knoowledge of computers could solve more then half that repeatedly pop up. If you expect Ubisoft to make a 100 percent universal game right of the box with no assembly, then you expect to much. This game is hands down the game of the year and much more than a GTA clone. Please take 10 minutes to download dri9vers and look into a game before buying it and then complaining about the game because your hand sized laptop cannot run the game. And also do not listen to the ranting reviews about this being Ubisoft fault. I recommend purchasing this game and experiencing this summers best game."
,Recommended,243470,26154578,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Babagamer,best hacking game ever
,Not Recommended,243470,22133900,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,DOLPHIN,"for 15 bucks it was okay, i guess. hopefully the sequel is better"
76561197968861068,Not Recommended,243470,11266552,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,PiePiePie,"I want to like this game but I can't. I find myself enjoying the mini games more than playing the main story. The gameplay reminds me of an Assassin's Creed engine repurposed to fit the hacker theme of modern times. Give Aiden an Italian accent and I would of thought it was Ezio. I feel like this was Ubisofts attempt of get into the ""GTA"" genre.Pros:Mini Games""Hacker"" Theme (Refreshing to see something new but,,,)Open worldInteresting story, I guess. (Barely made it to Pros)Middle ground:3rd Person shooter. (nothing special about it)Enemy AI (They're pretty stupid but I guess that's how most games are)""Hacker"" Theme (... is there really any ""hacking"" involved in this game? Sure, you press/hold a button, turn some circles, and you ""hack"" something but I would of liked to see some sort of mini game in upgrading your equipment. Maybe creating or stealing code from other NPC/Players to make better programs instead of using skill points to learn hacking. I guess that's why its a hacking theme game and not a game about hacking.)Cons:Aiden (he's too much of a gunslinging,♥♥♥♥♥kicking, pro driving, badass to be a hacker. He's more of a gunslinging, assk kicking, pro driving, badass that uses phone apps to hack things)Driving with mouse and keyboard sucks (There are many other PC games that has driving in it which the controls are much better than Watch Dogs.)No Firearms Customization (For a game that doesn't have weapon customization in this day and age of ""tacticool"" guns, it's very disappointing.)Limited Clothing options (if you're going to give use the options to change clothes, at least let us change more than just the color of the clothing skins)If you made down to here and don't hate me, I would recommend you buy this game ONLY when it’s on sale. Full retail price isn't worth it. Buy Saint Rows 4 or GTA 5, you'll enjoy it more until this goes on sale."
,Not Recommended,243470,11307311,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,A Cat on Fire,It's an unoptimized piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Save up for GTA V
,Not Recommended,243470,14787223,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Omae Wa Mou Shindeiru,this game is sucki cant play multiplayer with my friend
,Recommended,243470,14758958,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Ledbus,"On my top 3 list of best games, does Watch Dogs have a huge 2nd place. Think to replace it with Gta on 1st. Watch Dogs is an amazing game.Very good story. The hacking you can do, Never seen this kind before. If you like to hack, causen chaos, sneak and shoot. Watch Dog is for you!"
,Not Recommended,243470,23479940,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,ANDO U.N.,"The game crashes at the same point in the opening scripted events. As soon as I escape the police search area, crash. So it's clearly the game and not my system. Refund requested. Aside from that, I was willing to play it for the story but the hacking is stupid and unrealistic and the game is basically overhyped. It's garbage, buyer beware."
,Not Recommended,243470,14882771,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,LeeBomb20,i originally played this on console but thought it was worth buying for my pc (which isn't brilliant but it's good enough)it runs most games 20-30fps on medium settings which is fine but this no... not even 1fps on the LOWEST setting possible.
76561198069226503,Not Recommended,243470,24434354,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,RottenBeard,"I love UDon'tPlay, I Really love when someone forces you to use their cheap broken Steam clone rip off when Buying the game On steam. Really I would be ok with it if it worked and was not the most annoying♥♥♥♥♥♥ever. Why do they torture PC players with this steam rip off??? Oh I know Cause if they Did force you to make a 3rd party account On Xbox/Playstation, No one would by Ubisofts Games anymore..."
,Not Recommended,243470,31545795,Posted: 4 May,all,Remitoid,"+ An ok main storyline.+ Ok stealth and combat mechanics.+ Ok driving.+ Nice looking city.- Boring characters.- A ton of repetetive, boring and pointless side-missions.- Simplified hacking with the press of a button.- Realistic difficulty means that some enemies shrug off several hits from an assault rifle.- Sometimes annoyingly set checkpoints and mission starting points."
,Not Recommended,243470,23607050,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,fastpuppy,"Watchdogs is like a lot of Ubisoft games but worse than most ... it has a lot of potential but there are a lot of things that. could be better.  The interface is awkward for PC, the missions are kinda lame, etc...What bothers me most about it is that UBIsoft makes a lot of very similar games - watchdogs, splinter cell, assassin's creed, etc... so why haven't they come up with thier own game engine yet so they can workout the bugs of thier interfaces once and for all and run with it. It has been suggested to them... by me... but whatever."
,Not Recommended,243470,27360896,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sean,"Dull plot, repetitive missions, no depth in terms of gameplay"
76561198058921294,Not Recommended,243470,21741140,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Discos_Dead,"I already own a hard copy of this game, and found it enjoyable except for all the crashes to desktop.  After multiple chat sessions and emails with Nvidia and Ubisoft, the problem was shirked by each basically pointing their finger at the other.  I liked this game well enough to get the Steam version (on sale) - and it crashed 20 minutes in.  Thankfully, Steam is more willing to resolve my issue.  Requested a refund."
76561197973880388,Not Recommended,243470,10259720,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Lornie,"Watch_Dogs runs worse than any other AAA title I've ever bought, especially when being chased by the police (stuttering, up to 10 second pauses, and the sound cutting out) - unbelievably bad.  The keyboard interface is also clearly designed for controllers.  I feel let down by all of the good reviews I've read on various websites.The game is interesting and worth getting ONLY IF it gets patched and optimized (which hasn't happened yet).  I really regret this purchase.  I'll never buy game on lunch week from UBI again. Steam should offer refunds for products like this that don't work.  I can't believe they released the game in its current state.I beat the game bugs and all before Ubi got around patching it."
76561197960912290,Not Recommended,243470,30821365,Posted: 29 March,all,Vividnightmare,"Like everything Ubisoft, it never lived up to what we were shown, promised or told. Visually or Mechanically it just falls short of its promises. Nothing works perfectly and while it does offer some nice ideas, it always ends up making me want to play GTA V instead. The story is tedious and cliche, been here seen that. Hacking has some cool parts, especially when driving, though it causes a lot more problems than it cures over all. I wish I could recommend this, but it just doesn't mesh. It's GTA with some great new ideas, but really it feels like it focuses more on being a warning of the dangers technology poses to our security, privacy and freedom than it does on being a game. We get it, we're destroying ourselves with technology, obviously NO ONE cares, so give us something fun while we destroy ourselves ok?"
,Not Recommended,243470,23824480,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,{SNS}Reaper,"Maybe the story is lazy. Maybe the characters are lazy. Vehicle control and combat is horrible. Accelerating in vehicles is usually slow for a second or two, and then shoots forward, or simply fires away full throttle even when tapping the keyboard. Turning starts slow for a moment, then suddenly and sharply turns. As for combat. random bull just happens all the time. For example, some enemies can take a couple shots to the chest, and a few to the legs. Any target who you are meant to knock down can only takeONE[b/] bullet before dying, even in the leg. If he's too far away, I can't shoot him in the leg so I can approach him.Combat sucks, vehicle controls sucks. The game feels like it had inspiration and fire, but that fire died and something was thrown together and made real pretty."
76561198137182787,Not Recommended,243470,16917530,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,SUPERMAN,Bought the game for $60Crashes all the time10/10 would buy again
76561198090072878,Recommended,243470,25089210,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Eric,Hyped for Watchdogs 2
,Not Recommended,243470,25082756,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,reeeeee,"The mouse controls are horrible, mouse accel, input lag and so on, which made the game completely unplayable for me. I spent several hours trying to fix those issues, and I couldn't find a way to do that. Which is a shame since the game itself seemed pretty good."
76561198032273933,Recommended,243470,23453379,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Alvinxxx,"worth the dollar when buy in saleP.S. Forgot to mention, with my i7-4790 and GTX960, most of the graphics setting can max out. It looks awesome.There are mods to ""restore the E3 graphics"". I found them not so useful (fps drop) and not updated to most recent patches"
76561198030677448,Not Recommended,243470,14853849,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,CheekyNandos,yeah sure. tell me again how well it runs on PC..
,Recommended,243470,13982173,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,🎻1337 h4x0r🎻,.
,Not Recommended,243470,22030861,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Warchild skinhub.com,Boring.
,Recommended,243470,21996372,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,6hrslater,This is an update on the review after replaying it.Gamplay:7/10Honestly not gonna lie I actually liked this game. sure graphics werent that great and with stupid physics its actually a nice game. It may have ben lacking a lot of features that ubisoft promised but it was still enjoyable for me. Most the features that couldve been in this game wouldve changed everything about the character. For ex Aiden pearce is a vigilante seeking for revenge hes not a character who plays around and has fun so adding too many features would change the personality of AidenIn terms of story I would say its around 6/10 but i enjoyed it till the end. Not a lot of character developement.Overall IMO I would say its 7/10 Its like a cheap GTA V downgrade but with Hax where rockstar cant ban you in 2 seconds
,Not Recommended,243470,22032358,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Jake From Olive Garden,"What can you really say that hasn't been said? Oh wait, you can't say anything."
,Not Recommended,243470,11108992,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,P౦౦,"I highly recommend this game if you have trouble sleeping at night. It will bore you so much, you'll be out like a light in no time!"
,Recommended,243470,10253622,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,SilentTrigger,"This game advertised watch dogs. I did a lot of watching... but there is a serious lack of dogs.Also, the game has hacking, shooting, and driving. Oh and its open world. If you're looking for a highly hackable GTA 5. You will be disappointed. If you're looking for a game about hacking everything from a smartphone. You've come to the right place."
,Recommended,243470,10252437,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Dread_Monkey,It's great
76561198012825167,Recommended,243470,10253511,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,oO Mr Ghost Oo,"I don't write reviews...but I guess I will add a lil something, because I am having a great time!!!  I think the majority of players complaining need to finally update there systems (my pov). I am running I7 3770k, with GTX 680 sli and only 8 GB of ram (I just had 2 sticks go out on me last week) with the latest nvidia driver that just released 337.88. When I run all settings to ultra w/ vsync off I am running at a smooth 60-70 fps (with some dips into the high 50's as well) pretty much a constant 60fps. When I run all settings on high w/ vsync off I'm running at a smoov 110 fps. Long story short it's been some time that I have enjoyed a great game that runs amazing!!!"
,Recommended,243470,10257939,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Galactic,"So far Watch_Dogs is decent. I had no expectations going into the game, which may have helped. It looks AMAZING when it is rainy and night time, but kinda flat when it is day time. Gunplay seems fine, but driving can be a bit of a chore. I have spent about 3 hours with the game so far, only 1 recorded on steam because the uplay client is dumb. If you like open world games then you will probably like Watch_Dogs, just dont go into it thinking it will be the next RDR or GTA V."
,Recommended,243470,10255234,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Le Droid,Havent even played it yet because it crashes before i get to the main menu OK i take that back its working now and it pretty good so far
,Not Recommended,243470,10255929,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,MohawkBass,maybe If I could play it I would like it...
,Not Recommended,243470,10291611,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Jon Metalord,"hacks, glitches, bugs, boring. stay away."
76561198058745158,Recommended,243470,32269454,Posted: 8 June,all,Surajchocolate,"Watch_dogs is just great to play! A really new & original gameplay, though hacking don't work that before y in real world ;-) :-PNevermind, u will spend hours playing this. Tip for new players : unlock the ctos car for the uplay before any mission to escape from police. Also, complete criminal activity side missions earlier to unlock skills at the early stages of the game."
,Not Recommended,243470,29937969,Posted: 15 February,all,some nice anime ass,The audio is as de-synchronized as a paralympic swim team
,Not Recommended,243470,29410312,Posted: 21 January,all,Xyloritus,It's a nice game but police chases are so long and boring that it makes me just press alt+F4 every time I play it.
,Not Recommended,243470,23573764,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,nNiemand,Too much medicore-GTA and not enough hacking elements.  An open world game with side activities that aren't fun.
76561198267300952,Recommended,243470,30684462,Posted: 23 March,all,mike150306,This game is sooo fun better than the second version
,Recommended,243470,10266957,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Mr. Sweet,I was a TankSpider. Or a SpiderTank. Either way 10/10 would Watch again.
76561198003697075,Recommended,243470,10246296,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Justice,My friend called the game 'Hot Dogs' and I can't get it out of my head.   10/10
76561197995350534,Not Recommended,243470,22582827,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Boblanus,"The worst ♥♥♥♥ing game i've ever played. Not a single redeeming element to it. Everything is awful, from the shooting to driving to the the goddamn puzzles. Avoid like the plague."
76561198122381379,Not Recommended,243470,11471171,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,woodzee111,"An Absolutly pathetic port to the PC, the update is ""supposed"" to fix the lagging issues but has made no difference what so ever. Also while the game is good, it is not as good as you want it to be. A completly over hyped game, in my opinion get on consoles as the port to PC is garbage."
,Recommended,243470,10290357,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Gage,"If you have problems with this game, it's probably your autism. Just remember to take your medicine and it should work fine. I've had 0 problems so far but that's probably because my IQ is above 70."
,Not Recommended,243470,12802016,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,BulletApe,It says I have 1.2 hours on record with this game. 1.2 hours of crashes to desktop.  Do yourself a favour and check out the forums on this title. If I'd looked prior to buying I'd be £25 better off just now.
76561198080780838,Not Recommended,243470,19705580,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,PeruvianGangsta,"this game is f**king garbage,if you know whats good for you,DO NOY BUY THIS GAME"
,Recommended,243470,10858964,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Dark Lord Jeebus,"It's a good game with good mechanics, it crashes a lot though."
,Not Recommended,243470,13905765,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,German Shepherd,pretty gud11/10 would die for it again
,Recommended,243470,22751026,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Belmont ™,"Great game, need stronger computer to continue."
,Not Recommended,243470,15283865,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Wowguy233,"Can't even play past the first mission. Ubisoft has presented us with a broken game and turned their back on us when we asked them to fix it. My computer was BUILT to be a gaming tank, and even I can't play it. I paid $60 for a working game. So it's Ubisoft's responsibility to give me one, which they surely have not. DO NOT BUY."
,Not Recommended,243470,28938644,Posted: 2 January,all,lysdexic1,"Are you Serious?Bought this game a few months ago caus it looked cool but I couldnt justify the full price on release. Now im glad i did.This has to be the worst controlling PC game i have ever played.My rig is running the game fine, but the input lag is dreadful! no fine controlls when driving, only go, hard left and hard right just like the bad old arcade days.  And what the hell is up with the mouse? i look like a freaking 2 year old learning how to use one its that bad.WTF ubisoft. After all the hype and publicity this game got, i honestly thought it would at least play better than this. I couldnt even make it to the main characters house/save location (or whatever it is... i quit before finishing the first quest)."
76561198208795111,Not Recommended,243470,28977695,Posted: 3 January,all,Milk,terrible driving
,Recommended,243470,10819067,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,HeaveN_,Great Game! Get this if you enjoy a great Open World experience
,Recommended,243470,10640892,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,ksbdude,Best game EVER!!!!!
76561198105061538,Recommended,243470,10648577,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,andrew.PH,Simply Awsome
,Recommended,243470,10651619,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Krumpet,Pretty good game. Online is boring as ♥♥♥♥ though. Gets a tad repetative after a while
,Recommended,243470,10670705,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,BeardedDelight,"Everyone has been claiming issues and such from the launch of this game, but I for one, really enjoyed it and had no issues really that I can think of. Put over 65 hours into the game and it was well worth a buy for me. Hopefully you all get to enjoy it as much as I did. Keep up the great work, Ubisoft!"
76561198031191380,Recommended,243470,10720268,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Baby Blue,"Thoroughly enjoying this game. However they could have made it more difficult to advance in, and hopefully they work out some of the bugs."
,Recommended,243470,10721779,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,AooQ,Genialt.
,Recommended,243470,10749703,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,cyberpepe,is rly gud game lotta fun make hacking LOL 9/10
,Recommended,243470,10760045,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Lira,This game is worth buying if it is on a sale but i do not recommend paying full price for it. It may have a few bugs on the PC version but overall the gameplay is amazing and I've found myself spending hours just doing the side missions instead of focusing on the main storyline. It would be best to play this game with a controller because there is a distinct learning curve when playing it with a keyboard.
76561198032203585,Recommended,243470,10773628,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Wazza Hudson,lol hax
,Recommended,243470,10774024,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Biscuit Basket,"Shady business practices aside, this is actually a really good game. If you can get past the lack of the graphics promised at E3 then you will find a fun and surprisingly innovative game."
76561198017490210,Recommended,243470,10744767,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,originalshurik3n,good game had fun
,Recommended,243470,10329608,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,ThaleSakano <myd00m>,"Sensacional, na minha opinião um dos melhores jogos que já joguei até hoje, a história e os personagens são bem interessantes, os gráficos e principalmente os efeitos de iluminação são incrivéis, o jogo te dá a possibilidade de realmente ser ""o vigilante"" impedindo os crimes que acontecem a todo instante dentro da cidade, o modo online de hackeamento é inovador pois acontece em tempo real dentro do jogo misturando ao mesmo tempo single e multiplayer, além de possuir um app para tablets e smarthpones aumentando ainda mais a gama de modos multiplayer, em geral não me canso de jogar esse jogo que na minha opinião é o melhor do ano até agora, super recomendo!!!"
,Recommended,243470,10259605,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,LaChappa is Love,"u know what. This game is really fun because it's open world! So many missions for u to play with. And the story line is fantastic. Btw, the online competition is hella fun!!! Worth 60 dollars!!!!!!!!!! I love this game so much!!"
76561197960269447,Not Recommended,243470,10259719,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,BATMANG,"I wish I could get my money back, this game is not fun."
76561198062994855,Not Recommended,243470,10259807,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,GanjaGuru420,ITS NOT WORTH ANY MONEY
,Recommended,243470,10665046,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Zidace,"Despite all the negativity, this is still a solid game.  8/10"
76561198120100442,Not Recommended,243470,10259569,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,UGotDraids,"Game crashes after opening cut scene.  Game is unplayable.  Ubisoft should also not force people to install and run the game through Uplay, especially since I bought the game through Steam.  I will never buy another Ubisoft Game.5/29/14 Update: I've been attempting to play the game and somehow logged 1.1-hrs of game play.  I don't know how this number was calculated since I've only been able to get to the start of actually game play once.  I was only able to play for 10-min before the game crashed, during  a load after being discorved by the cops in the stadium.  Now the game crashes at continue or starting a new game."
76561198103859559,Recommended,243470,10259544,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,BonJoeV,"I've no idea what all the fuss is about. FX8320, GTX650, medium settings and it runs Flawlessly. One crash in however many hours I'm in now (somewhere in the neighborhood of 14 I'm guessing...)This game is Brilliant."
76561198071159618,Recommended,243470,10777934,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Cydos,Very fun to play. Totally worth it. However the campaign is a little short but awesome
,Not Recommended,243470,10259777,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,UPOS,Needing Uplay to even run this game is very disappointing.Giving it a no on recommending because of that specificly.Game is great otherwise.
76561198062170096,Not Recommended,243470,10259796,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Tyse,What a waste of money.. Unplayable.
,Not Recommended,243470,10268291,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,KAPT KoneKruncher47,"Kids, do NOT get this game, it requires internet it start up! When you first start it up, UPLAY, boom, you gotta have a Uplay account in order to play. However, Uplay was down for most of the release, so you literally could not play the game, untill the Uplay servers were back on. And when that small window of hope comes out, and u can log in, BOOM, gotta put in the code in your 'casing' and paste it there. But ofc you have no friggan case, the only code you have is the code that pops up at the bottom right; and that doesn't ♥♥♥♥ing work. And as far as other reviews go, even if you do start up the game, the game is laggy as ♥♥♥♥, and it crashes often. So I'm going to tell you one thing son, one thing, Do Not Get This Game, Ever!~9/11 best game! all game! Best game 2011, 2017!"
76561198038700649,Recommended,243470,10697833,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Balloon guy,amazing game and beautiful
76561198153611656,Recommended,243470,26453110,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,vertigogreen,it has memes
76561198066873280,Recommended,243470,22851497,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,WeakenedGage,"I liked this game, before pre-ordering this game everyone was so hyped to hear that this was coming out. I believe that is one of the reasons its one of the most hated ubisoft games on steam, it was so hyped that after it came out people were disapointed because they were over hyped for the game. with that fact aside I believe this game was amazing, the handling was weird but you get used to it quickly. Missions were a ton of fun and the story was easy and fun to follow, but even after beating the game there was still a ton of things to do. I honestly think this should have a better rating its one of the best ubisoft games to have come out of 2015 in my opinion. If your looking for a good singleplayer experience this is the game for you. The only thing I had not so much fun is with the online. you could do all the great things in single-player but now with friends, sure it was fun for a little while but after exploring the map and practically killing your friends with every trap in the city it gets a tad bit boring, so if you are looking for a game with a very good multiplayer system this is not the game for you, the multiplayer system is mediocere at best they should have added co-op missions that weren't related to the main story, or if you and your friend wanted to you could co-op the story together. but they diden't do that so its not the multiplayer is very poor considering other games."
,Not Recommended,243470,16651905,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,damelpezon,"demasiado facil. hackear algo presionando ""Q""? pfff"
,Recommended,243470,26532205,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,✪Raven #FUCKCSGO,exited for watch dogs 2 good game
,Recommended,243470,10516606,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Roselark,"Watch_Dogs, in my opinion, certainly lived up to it's hype. Immersive, beautiful, and downright fun to play, this game has quickly become one of my favourite releases of the so-called ""Next-Gen"". The campaign offers a diverse, player influenced ride through an alternate Chicago. Unfortunately, the game lacks a well set up Multiplayer system. This, I'm sure, is due to the overall size and scale of the campaign. That means this game is mainly for those who enjoy games with great storylines, as this brilliant creation certainly posseses. However, that does not mean there is no Multiplayer to speak of. Ubisoft has put in the ""Online Circuit"" in place. Where players can search for other ""fixers"" as they're called, who have a bounty on them(earned when a player has high noteriety points from beating others in online confrontations or when a player hacks a ""Blume"" affiliate in game.) and can choose from a variety of activites to challenge said fixers in. If you're in the mood for Anarchy or Vigilantism, this game is definitely for you."
,Recommended,243470,11569111,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,save me,Went up shot a guy.Only one person calls cops.10/10
,Recommended,243470,10522792,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Nosidda,"Watch_Dogs was highly hyped up, and though some say they were let down, I wasn't. I bought the game day one, and I do not regret it. I beat this game on June 18, 2014, and can say with absolute certainty that this is one of the best GTA style sandbox games I have played in a long time.Story:I thought the story was great. It was well developed, and the characters were built up really good too, especially Aiden Pearce. I give it an 8/10Gameplay:Highly addictive in my opinion. Though some thought the car chases were underwhelming, I thought they were extremely fun and engaging. Combat is smooth, though can feel a bit too easy at times, but still enjoyable. But of course there's also hacking mechanics, which are awesome, and make for a wide variety of different situations that can wow you. I give gameplay a 9/10.Graphics:Though it looks good in vanilla, it doesn't hold a candle to how it looked at E3 2012, which was a huge disappointment. It still looks good, but it isn't as breathtaking as everyone had hoped. However, TheWorse 0.7 Mod activates hidden settings that make the game look just as amazing as it did at E3 2012. I installed the mod, and it made the game look incredible. With the TheWorse mod turned on, it is probably one of the best looking games I've ever seen. 8/10 (Vanilla) 10/10 (TheWorse Mod On)Verdict:An amazing experience worth the $60. Overall I give it an 8.8/10."
,Recommended,243470,23637532,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,guttermanek,"Got it on the cheap. Worth the money I paid for it, but not if I paid full price. I think it is a lot of fun - very GTA-esque. I do wish there was more variety, like gun customization. That is the only thing I really miss."
,Recommended,243470,10668686,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,iHatePig100,Un joc foarte bun merita jucat.
76561198085441085,Recommended,243470,10664286,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,AgentBriscoe,"It's a pretty satisfying game.  However, it can get a bit repetitive in certain aspects, and the poor multiplayer optimization is simply dissapointing."
76561198081143703,Not Recommended,243470,13895249,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Rorschach,"terrible freezes, it is imposible to play this"
76561198289727772,Not Recommended,243470,28961656,Posted: 2 January,all,zjufengyufei,"The story is just so so, no detailed introduction, and don't make me excited at all. When tha last compaign is something I love,the design of that compaign is wholy♥♥♥♥♥♥which I think  ubisoft want you to puke--police's deadly searching and endless police cars.I get laptopn with i7-6700HQ and GTX1060, 16GB RAM, but the game keeps crashing unexpectedly. online hacking do not need your permission, there are so many times that someone is interupting my campaign.driving is rediculous, cars can turn left and right without going forward, which make players make unbelievable turns then hit the wall. driving with keyboard is a extremely bad experience. I'm unable to control how much I turn, when I press wasd lightly, the car do not turn, when I press it sightly longer, the car make full turn, then hit.avoiding cops are silly, cops smells better than dog as long as you are under pursuit. stealth driving and cops escape are two different game, I cannot hide as long as I 'm not in stealth driving.Aiden's movement is silly. Not in any situation can I do what I have planned: hidden to the wrong place with cause direct death, endless enemy reinforce phone call that I cannot disable when shooting. NPC is silly, when you give the right orders, npc often move to the destination in a silly way different from what you think."
76561198120404056,Not Recommended,243470,19454192,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Anne frank,The trailer looks so better than how actuly the game is dont buy this♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,243470,20927121,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,HotPizzaBox,The concept is good. The implementation is bad. While playing it feels like a very bad console port.
76561198044754323,Not Recommended,243470,20686185,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Plaster Master,This is game is trash.  I saw the word dogs in the tital and thought this maybe good for a while and hell maybe even a good game.  But this does not live up to the dog name.  Thanks ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s for ruining dogs.
,Recommended,243470,11529339,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Ibsin,"Amazing game. Simply amazing.It really shows when a company does a great job with thier projects.The fact that this game reminds me of a modern GTA with hacking. Except without the violence.You come and go as you please, do what you like. That, exactly that, is what makes a game good. And this game is definetly so."
,Recommended,243470,11570811,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,#KushDaddy,"Simply Outstanding! The Graphics, The Storyline, The Gameplay. All of it, is just wonderful, ubisoft has really been making some excellent games lately, I hope there is a sequel! I definetly recommend you get this one. Enjoy :)"
,Recommended,243470,28891098,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Cpt_Bale11,"Amazing Game, great Graphics"
76561198044461093,Recommended,243470,11484771,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Predator-x,"For ♥♥♥♥s sake people, that whole Uplay♥♥♥♥♥♥is GONE NOW.  Play the ♥♥♥♥ing game"
,Recommended,243470,11484819,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Phoba Fett,"Ever heard of Grand Theft Auto V??Well, this has nothing to do with it.  10/10."
,Recommended,243470,11473405,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Niko_Bey 🌿,"Overall it fun to play, but the story really is boring for the most part; I wish people would stop making a review over Uplay.."
76561198079512364,Recommended,243470,14876153,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Chickenoodle,GTA except with a phone that hacks♥♥♥♥♥♥.. 69/10
,Not Recommended,243470,31273279,Posted: 21 April,all,MarvinAK,Allways the same Quests
,Recommended,243470,10256164,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,DeltaHotel,"Right review timePros-Awesome open world-Seamless multiplayer, realy smooth-Great game, Concept into realityCons-Day One Errrors for AMD but fixed 2 hours later so fine now-You need a pretty decent system for this (Like I5 Quad Core and GTX 560+)9/10Can't give 10/10 due to initial errors"
76561198308997802,Recommended,243470,25540987,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Mewtwo,"One issue I have is how aiden wants to get revenge for the death of his relative. I dont have any relative's anyway So i do not know much of this pain  . Other than that the gameplay was enjoyable. ""Mewtwo"""
,Recommended,243470,10332370,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Carnavas,There's memes on every god damn signboard.....PS: I'm afraid of the dark
,Not Recommended,243470,21089599,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,FearFace,"Watch Dogs is a true Ubisoft title. It has potential, content and solid gameplay, but it lacks polish and an interesting story.+ ""Person of Interest""-style setting+ some cool missions+ nice animations+ some lovely puzzles+ multiple solutions to resolve a situation- the main character is not likeable at all- the story is somehow really crap- bugs and glitches, doesn't perform very well- gun play is a bit wonky- AI is really stupid- some missions with quite tight timers, I hate thatI played the heck out of that game and the DLC's. It's not completely bad, it's just not general recommendable for more than maybe 10 bucks."
76561198037011340,Not Recommended,243470,24555857,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,FreezingFrost,"its a scam, nothing more. you were promised a puppy, but you got a toydog found in a trashcan"
,Not Recommended,243470,17298635,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Lt.Zipperhead,♥♥♥♥♥
76561198005574906,Not Recommended,243470,15077400,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Shinji //xx//,NO....just no
,Recommended,243470,15104168,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,PRMohican69,It's okay
,Not Recommended,243470,17716966,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Hyperious,Piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥do not buy
,Recommended,243470,10519010,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Xolza,"Although I was dissapointed at first when I preloaded the game only to find out that the preloading didn't work, this was a great game. Its graphics were amazing although the story was a bit boring. It was fun to run around and hack any random object as the protagonist Aiden Pearce. I rate it four out of 5 stars."
,Recommended,243470,10572561,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,TiGGaZ,"When i pre-purchased this game and the problems with the servers happenned in the release day, i must confess i raged a lot because i was so hyped and couldnt play and then hearing people saying that the game was overhyped and that it wasnt that much, i was afraid i had made a mistake.But when i actually got to play the game, i discovered a beautiful game with a lot to do and a city to hack, rarely you find a perfect game if ever, and WatchDogs is giving you a very good gaming experience, so i would recommend it to anyone.Even when you finish the main story, you still have all the secondary stuff to complete and the minigames, so you are gonna get your money worth, even more if you decide to emerge into the MP aspect of the game, which is fun.The price is high but the game quality is top, so its justified.The only negative is that if you want to play offline without worrying about being hacked by another player, you will lose all your online skills and notoriety levels. They could fix this.Still i have to give a 8,5/10, because i had a great time playing this.PS: You cant run this game on any machine, so dont buy it unless you have a pretty decent PC.PS1: The DLC its okay if you wanna follow the story of T-Bone but it brings nothing new on Aiden, still it has some more missions if you feeling like playing again."
76561198070975404,Recommended,243470,12098425,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Commend me,Pretty amazing game... just sayin'
76561198064096762,Not Recommended,243470,12757055,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,xolen,it doesnt run
,Recommended,243470,26107719,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Cone.Veliki,Very good game!
,Not Recommended,243470,20976556,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,hAcey-,So BAD.
,Not Recommended,243470,17513517,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Chanoler,It suffers from Ubisoft.
,Not Recommended,243470,20965742,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Riaktion,"I knew it had a reputation for being a medicore game when I bought it on sale, using some vouchers that I had and exactly why I didn't buy it out of my own hard earned money.This proved to be a good decision as Watch_Dogs is the gaming definition of a missed opportunity. I'm not going say too much on this one, it's good points are that the gun play is pretty decent, I enjoyed the combat and the hacking elements of the game (not the hacking minigame though). The city they have built is detailed and pretty large and the car chases this game can pull off on the fly can be really cinematic and exciting.That only takes it so far though, it becomes less interesting the more you play it. Each mission is exactly the same, it always boils down to going to an area and either killing people, infiltrating an area or hacking something.. often all three. You do this time and time and time again. Sure lot's of games do this but Watch_Dogs execution of these is just somehow lacking and you can't help feeling like it is just another rinse and repeat. I guess it is just a lack of interesting mechanics.So as I say this isn't the first game to do that, but the narrative that drives it is boring and makes little sense in the world. The protagonist is mixed up, the game tries to frame him as a man doing everything he can to protect his family and gain the vengeance he is after, but in truth he is probably the games biggest villain and for me...  the motives and the actions just didn't add up. The people around him, his friends and family, who love him and who are helping him with his quest for ""justuce"" would have abandoned him within the first 10 hours of the game purelyt because actions speak louder than words and going off that our hero is clearly a case study in over reaction whilst armed. However of course, they don't, because that isn't what the story says and for me it was all just to jarring and ultimately too dull.The positive points I mentioned before saw me over the finish line however there was certainly an element of perseverance, just to see what happened in the end. Regarding the games performance and how it runs, it needed a mod to make it work properly... so... yeah, thank goodness for modders but to fair once that is implemented the game looks pretty good and is a pleasant game to look at.So yeah like I say, a missed oppourtunity but Watch_Dogs 2 has been announced, fingers crossed they do something more interesting next time."
76561198075794968,Not Recommended,243470,10256938,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Good Christian Boy,The first day was a total disaster and I couldn't even play the game I was eventually able to play the game. Althought the game is fun the campaign isn't original at all. Also this game is a total pain to run if you have an AMD card. If you do have an AMD card I cannot recommend this game.
,Recommended,243470,10327155,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Art,"Once I switched from keyboard to controller input, the car chases made more fun and where actually manageable. The game evolves and the story is really nice :)Mini games are funny - and watch out for the sipder-tank (just saying)"
,Not Recommended,243470,15562083,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Vimvoord,"Do you love repetitive same style hacking? Yes? Buy this.Do want hardcore stealth? Buy Shadow of Mordor, Skyrim or Thief.Do you want a nice open world game? Get Skyrim or GTA V."
76561198028692041,Not Recommended,243470,10268852,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,電脳占い師ノヴァ,"Another GTA clone with little extra gadget. Only thing to look out for is Hacking stuff, anything else are just plain basic copy & paste open world game.- Funny physics.- Money comes in too easily.- Weak story and characters.- Stupid AI.- Not optimized for some PC.+ Multi-player system is good.. I think.+ Hacking is unique.. but not the best.Not worth paying full price tag, I'd wait for bargain sale if you don't want to play another GTA clone."
,Recommended,243470,10262156,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,MagicDazza,AMAZING 10/10
,Not Recommended,243470,24728089,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Magic be like,this game doesnt even work it is awful and not worth the 30 dollars
,Not Recommended,243470,23605963,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,pi6286,I literally feel sick becaue of how repetive this game is I am only still playing it to hold me off till I get GTA V becaue of how sick this pile of garbage makes me feel becasue of that I am willing to pay way more money on the summer sale than I even watned to if I have to for GTA V.
,Recommended,243470,22085283,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Hästis,Great game. Nothing more to say about it.
,Recommended,243470,10256781,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Fawcks,"10/10 would verify cache again (and again, and again, and again, and again.)"
76561198023666876,Not Recommended,243470,10382789,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Jyippe,DO NOT BUY THIS ♥♥♥♥♥♥ GAME.
,Not Recommended,243470,10279297,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Fusou,"the story is somewhat okey...but there is so much wrong with this game its like playing a game thats still in beta, textures clip, npc random stuck in the air, physics are to stupid hit a gate a 2mph just flys back.. hit another car send it flying while you drive on.AI is the dumbest i have ever seen in a game they will just mob up in 1 big group if they hear a noise. the list goes on and ontryed getting a refund they wont give it once you used the keywaste of moneyand♥♥♥♥♥♥♥uplay allways offline ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t"
,Recommended,243470,30799978,Posted: 28 March,all,"Jeffrey ""OG Loc"" Cross","Watch dogs was on sale with 75% off so it was 9.99. I decided to get it since I really liked playing it on a friends pc when I was there. I got it 5 days ago and I've already completed the game after 30 hours.Disclaimer: I really like open worlds and I think I give this game waaay too much love because of that so if you are thinking of buying the game, read another review since I could call myself a watch dogs fanboy.Pros:-Great Story-Car on demand - you can spawn a decent car for free, in the beginning you start with a mini cooper and some more cars-Nice weapons- I really like the gun Spec Ops 1911 because it's a silenced pistol with 1 hit headshot and 3 hits in the body, the d50 is a cool gun that represents the desert eagle and you can buy it or get it from collecting the voice clips (from what I recall) Also the G106 is a grenade launcher that gave me a lot of help when taking down vehicles.-Good skill tree - I really liked the ""hacking section"" because a lot of those were useful and I'd suggest getting those early. The first skill I chosed and I recommend to choose is the first one in driving that allows you to take cars silently.-Good stealth - Very nice stealth that is easy to learn-Goodlooking cars-Some later missions are pretty hard-Good optimization (I had on very high on everything except water and I only got some lag spikes once in a while)That's all Pros I can come up with right nowCons:-Driving is pretty hard (especially with rain)-Pretty pricey when it's on full price-Not really so much clothing customization (You can only buy outfits)-A lot of people die (Spoiler)-Sad Ending (Kind of a spoiler)-Hard to play if you do not use stealth-No bikes without motorsSome Middles-Waaay to easy to get money-Many hard puzzles (I think it's a pro myself)-The open world (It has a lot of stuff but when it's done it's kind of boring)Conclusion:I'd suggest getting it on sale, or if you'd like to drive around a lot when you are done with storyStill a very good game since it was made in 2014, however I would have to give it like a 7.5/10Extra NotesNot really a disappointment, Good job UbisoftI know the e3 story but I'd say don't have too high expectations when buying it since it's not the bestSo the score is 7.5/10bye"
76561197976240239,Not Recommended,243470,14231266,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,USMCWall,"Watch Dogs is what happens when you completely overhype a game, and completely under deliver. Sure it's a pretty game with a sprawling Chicago environment that would make you think of GTA, and some of the more open city environments. Sadly, that is where the game stops being interesting or cool. Everything you do in the game doesn't really have any impact on anything, be it the story or the missions themselves. All of the characters are highly forgettable and have no weight or depth to them. As well as they in no way connect to the player at any level, thus giving them a sense of personality and/or draw to the human connection. The cyber vigilante game could be a masterpiece, but it falls very short of anything destined for greatness. This is the perfect example of an absolutely mediocre game, which I could have looked past if the game were not billed as the Heavyweight Championship on the fight card by Ubi. Overall I wouldn't recommend the game unless it is at least 75% off, then it might be worth the price tag.Best Feature: Spider Tank."
,Recommended,243470,10255458,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Skagerak Energi,Died three times kicking the same parkimeter. 10/10
,Recommended,243470,10251138,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,The Protagonist,YA BATEEL 5ABAR 3ATEEL
,Recommended,243470,10254941,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Rubber,Six tomatoes of ten possible tomatoes.
,Recommended,243470,10254917,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Samuell,Thank you UBI for UPLAY. I can not even play the ♥♥♥♥ing game because of your piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥software. Offline mode does not even ♥♥♥♥ing work.. so I must wait till they fix their back end ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.
,Not Recommended,243470,18364625,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Hlelia,"The game was supposed to be merging of the best GTA points and AC aspects. In fact...Controls are a little too sensitive – it is hard to be behind the wheel of the car.All arsenal is just under your coat.Aiden runs really slow.Customization isn’t interesting, it doesn’t provide new costumes or skins, only colours.Soundtrack is barely heard, couldn’t remember any track that caught my attention.But there are good points, too: spider tank minigame and the overall look of protagonist.Still, I do not recommend to play this game unless you are ready to deal with some annoying details."
,Not Recommended,243470,17186296,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Frub,♥♥♥♥ this♥♥♥♥♥♥is 1 $ on♥♥♥♥♥and I see why
76561198089483399,Not Recommended,243470,17286011,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,The Potato Wizard,"It is much like a driving game, even more so that there is driving in it. Yet, never before has there been so much crashing., stalling,  engine failure and disappintment in any other game than this. 0/10"
,Recommended,243470,19790690,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,sgtrecker78{Sybr & TDMC},"It's time for me to be honest about this game, 2 years later.Watchdogs, in my opinion, was a ""good game"", It had everything I was looking for, (hacking, great combat system)I found myself frequently ignoring the main storyline (although I did finish it) and instead getting into brutal encounters with the police, which would last about 20 minutes each until I would be rushed by dozers and helicoptersThe combat system was great, with a corner to corner silent movement system, and a clear option to go loud with your grenade launchers, or to go silently and scare your enemies one by one (kind of like batman)I personally prefered going silent btwMy only argument about this game:How is aidan able to carry at least 40 different weapons at once, with ammo, while in no mans sky my guy can barely carry a couple of rocksand, I'm not moitvated, at all, at a point, too avenge the death of his neice, common aidan, seeriously. In your mission to avenge her, I killed probably well over 1000 people for you.CONCLUSION: This is a good, immersive game (with a good driving system btw) that held me firmly enouh to keep me for over 100 hours, and that convinced me to pre-order the new watchdogs very soon."
,Not Recommended,243470,13665668,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,coolman8032 [ZF],cant be opened
,Recommended,243470,31230213,Posted: 18 April,all,MeatShake,"Cringiest main character of all time. Live your comedically stereotypical male power fantasy, today!Neat game for like ten bucks."
,Recommended,243470,10301091,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,<{BA}>DRAGONART777,ok first off let me exsplane way  everyone is giving a bad comment about this game....  there system can not handle it... there video card is not a gtx... read the min setup for this game befor buying this.............  know  for my input.. sorry for my english here.   the game is great i am having alote of fun.  hacking into a nother player is sweet. being hacked your self is a pain lol...  the game ai is nice.  cars need to get used to but is fun..  the game has a bet of a lag here and there with my gtx 780 but they also sade there working on this lag. in the update fourm .  what i don't like   kind of wish you can own houses and upgrade and paint cars but you can't  or at lest i not seen this yet if you can.  .... and the hacking problem is sometimes i go to hack someone and pull out a gun instead ... its a small glitch they probley well fix...................  game is great i have over 100 hours on this . and i am geting ready to jump back in
76561197975782851,Recommended,243470,22225592,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,futtetenne.iyf.tgc,"Don't believe the hate.Watch Dogs is great entertainment in an even greater crafted enviroment. There are much more good than bad ideas in it and a lot of memorable moments.You may act like a front soldier in open city war, go with stealthy headshot tactics including the fun of implemented hacking, or just mix and change each approach as you like. You don't have to accept or do all side missions and activities for reputation or enough skill points. Perks are picked for fun or comfort. For most of them there is no urgent necessity.*Online Invasions by other players can be deactivated in the menu.The often criticized driving is totally okay and you can switch views or angles. Different vehicles handle differently. You can't shoot while driving. Instead you use your hacking, which is a new and interesting way in car chases. It seems some people want to drive, hack, shoot and arrange a sandwich at the same time.I experienced challenges, but never got frustated. Autosaves are fair and there is generally room to improve plans or behaviour, which is fun and rewarding. You can always use your surroundings to your advantage and in some situations it really makes the difference.At times it's advisable to run (retreat strategically *cough) and regroup your one man army, to hide and wait for them nasty ones, lay traps or to perform patient one by one takedowns and maybe roadkills. The game let's you do that. Sometimes you may even say fu (farewell you dear people) and get away entirely. Being encircled or wedged can be heavy pressure for your butt.Last passages may sound like the game is very hard. It isn't. Aiden Pearce is no Chuck Norris, but he is really skilled, and it's great fun to be in control of him - probably more than Norris.Play the game, listen to Alice Cooper and be dangerous tonight. *humOh and get yourself a good grenade launcher. Money isn't a problem. If you are the sneaky guy, it will nevertheless be an utterly satisfying purchase."
76561198043289484,Recommended,243470,16198458,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Ghoulean Operators,"In this game you play as the infamous hacker known as '4Chain' you see all over the news.You spend the entire game running around pulling pranks (blacking out an entire city, blowing up steam pipes, causing major car wrecks at stop lights, killing tons of people, etc.) on filthy peasants who dont have as good a computer as you.However, ♥♥♥♥in pigs don't understand how funny your pranks are. Despite my constant chanting of ""Bro, it was just a prank!"", pigs still constantly attempt to use excessive force (NORMAL FORCE FOR PIGS AM I RIGHT?). So you've gotta run away, pranking the pigs to slow them down so you can spread your fun and joy around all of Chicago.As our hero 4Chain sets out on his quest to make everyone happy, he learns a thing or two about friendship. He meets the worlds only girl gamer, who constantly rubs it in your face that shes just a 'girl gamer.' You run into a racist redneck out in the woods,  and he helps you out with junk dinosaurs that shoot bullets and breathe fire, and like any redneck you talk to, he gives you guns. So hes pretty helpful. And your merry band of fools sets off together to prank Chicago.While this story is pretty good, the graphics are worse than graphical masterpieces such as Nidhogg, or Minecraft, so thats pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥ Its a shame because the graphics at E3 were like Farcrysis 4: Assassins of Kings. But whatever.Anyway this otherwise great retelling of the story of the real life hero 4Chain was utterly ruined by♥♥♥♥♥♥graphics, so I give it a 3/10."
76561198144159504,Not Recommended,243470,24126198,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Nutmegger,sux
,Not Recommended,243470,22127095,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,coster2233,"hacking and violence don't mix very well, i prefer GTA."
,Recommended,243470,11811547,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Jack,"I like this game, but uPlay sucks :("
76561198285107328,Recommended,243470,28361787,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Amazite,MY WATCH DOGS HAS GONE FROM MY ACCOUNT
,Recommended,243470,31149568,Posted: 14 April,all,更暗 (Dárker),"It's a really good game, I played it back then on console from a friend and it's a fairly good game in the way of Sleeping Dogs or True Crime. Definitely not the game changer they teased it as, but a good game.-Graphics are pretty good, not E3 demo good, but pretty good.-Animations are very realistic, except for some weird collisions.-Shooting is fun, Max Payne-style slow mo is cool-Driving is wonky, but usable. All cars handle the same, but bikes actually handle pretty good-The stealth mechanics are the highlight here. You can distract dudes, make dudes explode, make them deaf, take cover, do in-vehicle stealth, climb stuff, hack stuff, and go in as a ghost, not touching anything. There are like two or three insta-fail stealth missions, but they are not really hard save for one near the end of the game.-Story is pretty interesting. People say Aiden is cliché and boring, but that's mostly because of the actor, not the writer, since he does this stupid raspy voice all the time. You CAN make an edgy character and have it not suck balls. For a badly written ""edgy"" character, look no further than Prototype, as an open-world example. It has some cool moments because everyone around Aiden is so interesting, but he kinda behaves like an autistic prick. It engaged me and I had fun, save for the part where a major character dies and Aiden just goes like ""oh no"" and then moves along.-Side missions are great. You can stop convoys while applying strategy before the cars arrive, take over bases, subdue targets, save people on the street, race cars and all that good♥♥♥♥♥♥-The controls are ♥♥♥♥ing great, they fit so nicely into your hand and Aiden is nice to handle.-Also the music is great, even if some knobheads complained about a soundtrack with Megadeth, Weezer and Wu Tang Clan in them. Flippin' Wu-tang my ♥♥♥♥♥.Over all, I find it's a good game and the critics reviewed it properly, but had it not been for the ridiculous marketing campaign maybe people would have said nicer things about it.If it's on discount, buy it ASAP. If it isn't, get Watch Dogs 2 instead, cause it fixes every single problem8/10"
,Not Recommended,243470,22263432,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,KubosKube,"After thirty minutes, my view on this game is fairly low. The controls were not comfortable to use and the tutorial was shoddy at best. In fact, I still haven't completed the tutorial. I'm not sure if I ever will for lack of wanting to play again.I'm comfortable with left trigger aligning the camera view to above my shoulders. In this game, I whip out a gun. I mean, it's not bad the first time, but when I did it three times in a row despite my best efforts NOT to, I have to wonder if these controls aren't a little whack.Driving controls are reminescent of Need for Speed Underground 2. Left trigger is brake, right trigger is gas, and the button on the right is handbreak. And, despite the fact that trying to drift ejected me from the car, when I tried to exit the car, I started drifting. Cool."
,Not Recommended,243470,22334793,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,lacibazmeg,"1.: I use a highend configuraton and i still have 16 fps on highest settings, this is ridiculous since for example GTA 5 hasnt lagged once on ultra settings.2.: driving cars absolutely kills me, worse than any other game ive ever played3.: shooting and police behavior is very annoying"
76561198119507517,Not Recommended,243470,16152637,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Bill Nye The Soviet Spy,i bought it becouse i thought there would be a sex seane. i was totaly wroung closes thing i could get was trying to look one up on his phone. it dosent work dont wast your money
76561198047861117,Not Recommended,243470,30433759,Posted: 10 March,all,lahoje,"Horrible game.... Stay well away from it.Yeah it looks pretty, but the story and the gameplay is really horrible. If you intend to give it a shot (and I recommend you do not), make sure to use a controller, the keyboard/mouse combo is really bad. It's a typical hype game, that are ported to pc and it's bad, really bad.There is much better options out there."
,Recommended,243470,25010903,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Switzerland Sam,"A lot of people where dissapointed by this game and are pointing at it for beeing the prime example for overhype.For me personally, the game was as good as I hoped. After Ubisoft already killed Assassins Creed, I already gave up totally. Therefore Watch_Dogs was better that I hoped, but there are some serious issues with the game: The protagonist was very boring and the driving sucked balls.Otherwise I had my fun with the game. WOULD HACK A HOTEL AGAIN TO GET MY NIECE KILLED"
,Recommended,243470,26811264,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ArayXD,omg haxaaxaaaaaaaxaxaxaxaxax
,Recommended,243470,10259487,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Sabadass,It runs way better than GTAV on my PC.  10/10
76561198051037825,Not Recommended,243470,10987155,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Oryngton,"Not recommended. At all. Not worth any amount of money spent. Why? A very simple reason: game bugs. A game this talked and revered by gamers everywhere, that has had its release date delayed by EIGHT months to ""improve the game"".Downsides:> Random game bugs. Thank god there aren't any glitches, I'd have just gone ballistic. And by no glitches, I mean no body warps or clipping through walls, so if that irks you, that's not gonna happen. Trust me, I tried, with all my might. However... There are RIDICULOUS things on this game. A few examples include: indestructable cars, NPCs getting stuck on low walls, YOU getting stuck on low walls, NPCs finding you and not moving towards you,... I could go on for days naming these.> Graphic ""issues"". Let's not call them bugs, because there really aren't any. You just don't see fluid splashes from bullets, fences and poles disintegrate upon contact into a dozen pieces that you can push around... As if the poles had been hacked by a lumberjack with flawless precision. Same with the fences.> Sound ""issues"". I never knew the sound of a car driving over tarmac, grass and sidewalk is the exact same! That's sarcasm, for those who haven't figured out. The sound of you, in a car, driving over several surfaces at once or in rapid sequence just does not work for sound. You hear the same file as if you were simply on tarmac, even if you are not nor have not stepped on tarmac.But not all are bad things. There IS salvation in this game in the hacking mechanics. If... they weren't so simple. Move forward, press the button, hold to hack into. The hacking puzzles themselves are fairly simple to solve, as well.All in all... no. Theg ame is just a major disappointment for what was called ""the next-gen experience""."
,Recommended,243470,23143856,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Rik Shazam,The game is pretty good. Lots to do. Very nice looking. Sounds good. Well polished. Only bad thing is the character you play is a bit of a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.
,Not Recommended,243470,29036579,Posted: 5 January,all,channikhabra,"I never thought an open-world game can be so boring, and very frustrating on times. Just starting this game fill me up with a kind of sadness and despair."
,Not Recommended,243470,22882930,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,rickmagee,"Hate the game! How hard it was to get this game running should have been the big clue just how bad this game is. The game play is atrocious. the driving is ludicrous (and the game is mostly about driving missions), Aiming with weapons is infuriating... I mean I really wanted to like this game but every time I played it I ended up becoming furious at it, so much so that I've decided to remove it from my computer. Is it me or do some of the rest of you hate games that bias your car driving into deliberately causing accidents? I mean if this game eliminated ""trap"" driving program tactics it might not be so bad. This game just wasn't fun to play. I wish I never bought it."
76561198100632025,Recommended,243470,26223309,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,ATCHAFALAYA HATAK,"This is a great and fun game but the downside is invasive hackers. Most of them use hacks ,glitches ,and other exploits which can mess up your campaign."
76561198029986955,Not Recommended,243470,14731650,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,DramaticJawa,"God I hate this game. Took me 16 hours to complete the campaign on the hardest difficulty setting (also avoiding firefights when possible because I thought this was a stealth game) and I have to say, I hated every minute of it. If I wasn't shooting some generic baddies from ""a gang,"" I was infiltrating an ""evil"" corporation (I think it was Ubisoft) and doing ""hacking"" stuff.Here's why I don't like it.- The protagonist is boring and lifeless. a shell of a man and nothing more. It's never really explained as to how or why he's a badass killer though I guess by giving him the ""mysterious background"" they could have made him a f***ing space wizard and it wouldn't have mattered. Still, you expect Sam Fisher to be a good spy but when a random ""hacker"" can do the same s*** (and more), you can't help hating him for being the Jesus of video games. Also he's a pr**k.-The cast is almost as dull as the protagonist. Not only do you never care about them, they hit pretty much every tropes in the book. Annoying child you are supposed to be defend? Check. Useless damsel in distress? Oh yeah. Crazy, tin foil hat wearing isolationist in a rural area? Yep. Hardass gang member with a cowardly relative? You get my point?-The story sucks♥♥♥♥♥ I won't spoil it for you if you want to play the game after reading this (though I can't imagine why) so just be happy with the knowledge that it is dumb as a sack of s***.- I don't know where the devs learned what hacking is but they f***ed that whole portion of the game up. You think that, with so many computer techs within striking range, they could've made it somewhat realistic. I know someone is thinking: ""but realism would have made it boring"" to which I would respond: ""don't make a game about f***ing hacking then.""- Gameplay. It's underwhelming, to say the least. Gun play is ok but doesn't stand out, hacking is just quick time events or button pop ups (or occasionally a dumb puzzle), side quests are pointless and boring, and the driving is mediocre. While I must say that the multiplayer was at least somewhat interesting, it got old quick.-Finally, last but certainly not least, Ubisoft lied about it's graphical fidelity. It looks ok but it's nothing compared to the E3 trailer. They lied, just so you know.Overall, it's a boring GTA clone (cause they took all the fun stuff out) and it shouldn't be bought by anyone. Ubisoft really s*** the bed on this one, I hope they learned their lesson (probably not). If you do buy it, good luck, I wasted 60 bucks on this f***ing piece of dog s***.Sorry if I came off salty, I just really hate this game."
,Recommended,243470,15046314,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Secondsignal,this game looks like gta but is funy you can hack some stufs
,Recommended,243470,15055971,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,o b s c u r ☯ x,simplesmente♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198131287832,Recommended,243470,15071702,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Artiice,it's awasome 9.5/10
,Recommended,243470,24049325,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,ReyDovan13,This game is very nice...
,Recommended,243470,24493799,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Eric Manslayer,It's okay
76561198155926108,Recommended,243470,26706396,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,legion29snake,Feel like GTA V but more hacking****************************************************Great game but the driving system is unpolished. The graphic is downgraded but I can't complain because I haven't upgraded my GPU.
76561197981515532,Not Recommended,243470,10308467,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,LochNessMonster,meh kinda boring
,Not Recommended,243470,11599637,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Mona Moonlight,"Don't bother with this.Buy Hacknet and GTAV instead, and you get better hacking, better car handling (because seriously, W_D's cars handles about as bad as the ones in GTAIV), and better everything else."
76561198035626662,Recommended,243470,23501231,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Alexskeletor,"TL;DR Worth it during a sale, possibly not at the full Steam pricePros:+Great graphics+Fun hacking which adds to the gameplay+Lots of skills to be unlocked, giving you a reason to keep playing+Side missions that are possibly better than the main game+Parts of the story is great+Multiplayer free roamCons:-Sudden frame drops (usually when in tunnels or semi-inside areas)-The story is quite terrible and the relations to/between characters feels rushed-""Online invasions"" where people join you and stop your progress-Money gets kinda useless quite fast and if you do side stuff"
,Recommended,243470,10488267,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Rockman1,The best game ever
,Not Recommended,243470,20134263,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,GamCøl44,Very poorly optimized. I run on  2 GTX 760's (SLI active) and I can play games like Wolfenstein the new order Perfectly at around 60-70 FPS. However I cannot run this game at all. On ultra settings I run at 3 FPS and on low it barely ever goes above 25. I've refunded it.I was looking forward to a great game. My friend reccomended it to me and it looks like an amazing one aswell. What a shame...
,Not Recommended,243470,20135647,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,FlatPancake,"♥♥♥♥♥♥ Game. Not worth any price. Pirate it if you really have to play it...but its not worth it, no matter what the price. (Not even worth $1). Played better games that were free such as ""How do you do it"". Story and Gameplay is average but gets SUPER repetitive (Like alot)"
,Recommended,243470,10772951,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Hot Shame and the Indoor Kites,"Not quite the game it was hyped to be, but still quite enjoyable. Worth picking up after the price drops at least."
,Recommended,243470,26504668,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,subarashii supeedo,Only ♥♥♥♥♥♥s leave bad reviews
,Not Recommended,243470,17285807,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Aramis | h1z1.plus,"All in all a good game with a solid story line, but i do not recommend this to a 32bit user or a low end pc gamer because of it´s bad optimization and 64bit support only! Buy it only if it is on sale and Uplay is needed to even run the game!"
,Not Recommended,243470,20240835,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,enderboy1233 | skinhub.com,"terrible, it doesn't run smoothly, it lags loads and its an overall terrible game"
,Recommended,243470,21663955,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,TheGuru,I guess the high expectations really put some people off - but this game was amazing - the city is really alive with so much to do - great story as well.
76561198068598474,Recommended,243470,21588078,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Metalrash,"I love this game, watch dogs is great! As soon as you start playing you get hooked and its like a good book that you just cant put down."
76561198139904940,Recommended,243470,24307948,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,MeekMingeMaster,"Unlike the title, you do not- in fact, watch any dogs."
76561198041417262,Recommended,243470,17272084,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,SandroS,better than gta 1
,Recommended,243470,10929576,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,✟Nene-chan™,"Great Game, lots of Action in Single-Player Campaign and Multiplayer Gameplay."
76561198048008404,Not Recommended,243470,11821762,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Gelfling,Disapointing
,Not Recommended,243470,28848047,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Byxorna,"Have fun jumping through the 7 levels of Ubisoft Hell as you make an account to make an account to view your profile to make your account. Spoiler alert:They'll take your usename, but not create your account, so you've got to start from the top!Then, if by the grace of God, you get your account established, you get to wait at every turn for Ubisoft to sync with their servers. Yes, that's right, you're not allowed to play without constantly waiting to connect to Ubisoft's garbage servers, for no real reason! The actual game (which I did just manage to finally play) is boring and not worth the effort.Ubisoft is absolute garbage. Their core belief is that consumers should be harassed and annoyed into compliance. Had I realized Watch Dogs was a product of theirs, I would never have bought it."
,Recommended,243470,32926528,Posted: 28 June,all,SL.,Nice story and gameplay.
,Recommended,243470,10537124,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,cobrajmr,"A good game but was to ""hyped"" up from E3 2013 to now. It has it's downfalls as many games have, but it brought a new aspect to the ideas Ubisoft have created. Granted many things are simular to other games they've creat like the walking animation seems simular to Assassin Creed franchise and the same weapons from other games. The multiplayer setup was different from how games usually have it, which I assumed it was because they are trying to combine multiplayer with the regular gameplay. Not much to do ""with"" your friends in Watch_Dogs since in 2 gmaeplay modes you cannot select who you actually want to be on your team and free roam, well you'll get bored of just driving around killing people. But in all, it was a good game to play but not good enough to Pre-Order.Personal Rating: 07/10"
,Not Recommended,243470,11466702,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,RT_Mythictang,NEVER pre-order Ubisoft games.
76561198009380728,Not Recommended,243470,14879588,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,_Ian_Feel_Keepin_It_Real_,"I want my money back. This game eats graphics memory and wont run on lowest settings with my modest graphics card, a team of dogs could optimise a video game better than this."
,Recommended,243470,10255712,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Spectre,"Good game, but but doesn't match up to the hype."
,Recommended,243470,10257268,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Monk,"Why the hate? It isn't Ubisoft's mistake that the game crashes, it's your pc, I am running this game on my AlienWare x51 and I haven't crashed or experienced lag yet.We all hate uPlay so I am with you haters on that.The gameplay is great but the driving physics is a little bit off.Conclusion: Don't buy the game if your pc suck."
,Recommended,243470,10257306,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,SnuFF,AMAZING
76561197997346614,Recommended,243470,10256670,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Kirov,10/10 would bang GOTY
,Recommended,243470,10257145,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,GT,"Announced at E3 2012, Watch_Dogs has been building up hype for a long time, furthermore so with the delay from November 2013. Has it lived up to the hype. In my opinion no it hasen't but it is still and amazing game.The game places you in and extremely open world of the city of Chicago with oppertunities everywhere just at the touch of your fingertips. You can choose to save the city or be an anarchest to reck havoc on the innocent bystanders allowing for you to truely choose the way to play. Vehicles are everywhere and are a key part of navagation, at first the map is confusing but in no time at all you will be driving all over Chicago with no need for the map at all.In terms of content Watch_Dogs has a ""20 hour long main story"" with my self at the time of writing this being 13 hours in I can't see the end at all. The actual complete of the game you are looking at closer to 30-40 hours of gameplay, so if you want to finish the game, it may not be the one for you. The game gives you two major approaches to the missions go guns blazing or go stealthly, however the majority of mission favour those who aim to stealth. Sometimes I felt annoyed how I was being forced to stealth and could just march in and shoot them all.The characters seem to be lifeless with little personallity behind the face of the avatar, making the game a little boring in a sense of character progression. I felt as though Aidan had no really reason for anything he did or no true evidence for his justification.Where the game takes it to the next level is the graphics, I have a NVIDIA GTX-770 and i7 4770k and together they help to render some of the most beautiful seens I have seen in a game to date. It does have its bugs however when running on full ULTRA setting I found my PC getting random unpredictable FPS drops. Another bug is what I can only describe as the ""Failed Face"" bug where it spawns in people with whiteskin coloured arms, legs, bodys, ect. but the face/head is PURE BLACK now I am not talking like the skin colour black but the actuall colour black you know the one with the HEX Code of 000000. Also the failure to render fences occurs after long periods of gameplay requiring me to restart.[MULTIPLAYER] - I will add when UPlay actually works ...Overall through out all the bugs and glitches Watch_Dogs is a very well made game with tonnes of excitment to be had. My rating is a 8.7/10 would recomend"
76561198027209557,Recommended,243470,10257418,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Ghostie,Very good game gives it 8/10 some things still need work like driving the controls are a bit rough love how thye involved hacking with it but other then that its a really good other then you have to play it with uplay and not steam but good game
,Recommended,243470,10258799,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Balding Madness,"First is this as good as I was hoping it would be. The awnser to that is no. But I am a huge fan of open world games. I like games that I can just get lost in. (Red Dead Redemption is still my favorite game of all time.) On that note it hits a lot of high marks. There is a ton of stuff to do. Lots of mini games, side missions and a bunch of random stuff to do. The story is only OK. But the gameplay is very fun and I personally like the driving. It is more of a arcade style. But I find it fun. I had someone hack into my game for the first time and I thought it was pretty cool.I have not had the graphical issues that many are having. I have a I7 4770K, Sapphire R9 290 Tri X and 16GB of Ram. I do agree that it is not optimized very well though. Still can not run crossfire with the lastest drivers. But I didnt expect a greatly optimized game from UBISOFT. Farcry3 still sucks.Overall if you are looking for a fun game with lots of things to do that will take up a lot of you time. It is a good game. It has some new things like the hacking which I find fun and keep the combat mechanics very smooth."
76561198133025383,Recommended,243470,10252793,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Derrick,Everyone needs to stop their ♥♥♥♥♥in' this game is pretty sweet. I recommend it to everyone that likes hacking and GTA games. The driving concept is poor but the online play and free roam makes up for it. Two thumbs up from me.
76561197961082066,Recommended,243470,10256631,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Chairface Chippendale,"Lulz at all the scrubs with AMD complaining of crashes. played a good 5 hours no problems a fun GTA clone, nothing more"
,Recommended,243470,10257220,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,YAAAAASSSS QUEEN SLAYYYYYY,Definatly worth the wait. I had so much expectation going into the game and it has meet and exceeded them!!
,Recommended,243470,10260031,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,RagingRedneck83,Love this game? the story is awesome and the grphics are just as awesome? Cant wait to check out Watch Dogs 2!
,Recommended,243470,27827801,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,武士的女兒,Nice game
,Recommended,243470,10331287,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Cthulhu Redux,"To put it simply this game looks great and is a lot of fun to play. There is a lot of negative hype surrounding it because of issues at launch( I did not buy it at launch so I make no claim to have firsthand experienmce about early technical issues) but thusfar I have throuroughly enjoyed it and have had no performance issues. Hacking adds a whole new layer of depth to the open world gameplay and makes car chases, as well as combat and stealth sections very engaging and more thoughtful."
,Not Recommended,243470,25053922,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,timsmith910803,Uplay makes this♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198246207586,Not Recommended,243470,29402848,Posted: 21 January,all,MicMoc,volume doesnt work for my razer kraken so if you have one dont get this game
,Not Recommended,243470,10911823,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,I'm your Wife!,Please dont buy this game. It suck big time and fail.
,Recommended,243470,10257301,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,GamlaRuttnaPech,"Ubisoft uses this game to gain access to your personal files and bank account, luckily I spent all my money on watch dogs!10/10"
,Recommended,243470,10296529,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Vin Diesel Wheelman™,Pros:l33t haxcharacter can wear a fedoraCons:no dogs to watch9/10 would hack again
,Recommended,243470,10258500,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,"""Heros never die!""",Amazing thats all i have to say
,Not Recommended,243470,10268352,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,MrGangrene,"Runs like absolute trash, Uplay doesn't work 90% of the time (so no online features), doesn't look nearly as impressive as on E3.Furthermore this game is highly reperative and the hacking gimmicks gets old REALLY fast.It's a fun game but not nearly as good as people believe it is.Wouldn't recommend at full price.Maybe a few patches down the line when it runs better and Ubisoft fixes their ♥♥♥♥♥♥ servers this game might be worth it but as is... it's not worth it."
,Recommended,243470,10342004,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,TurboSoggy,"Good game, just dont try the madness digital trip.Almost broke my computer and killed myself"
,Not Recommended,243470,28723927,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,ϟ Incryptid ϟ,"[h]Direct X 11 Needs to be installed...[/h]It was a great game for the hour I managed to play, I did buy the game on sale and am happy I didn't buy it full price. I played for the first time for an hour and then went offline for the night. I log on the enxt morning to an error saying direct x 11 needs to be installed. I reinstalled the game no changes whatsoever. Now, I've spent 2 days trying to fix it and am most likely going to request a refund. Not pleased at all."
,Recommended,243470,28434498,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,palex00,"The story is awesome. Your enemies are evil and to be feared, good difficulty level and holy♥♥♥♥♥♥that ending. Definitely worth 30€."
,Recommended,243470,10409747,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,MauroHeisenberg,"I think that the game lives up to the hype. it is a very good game, the only bad thing is the lack of pc optimization..."
76561198107868964,Recommended,243470,10409586,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Summer Picnic Sale,"AWESOME but glitchy...A must buy, but not an instant must bye, because of game breaking, quite litterally for me glitches, as a result of one error, i have lost all game progress and cant event start a new one, great right? there are more glitches though, like uplay reward loading errors, game loading errors, many more, so id wait for patching just incase you lose your progress! it hurts inside:_(I SHIP CLARA AND AIDEN EVEN THO SHE IS A TRAITOR, lol spoiled, 5/10 for bugs, 9/10 without em, wait for patching!!!!!!!"
76561198047565692,Not Recommended,243470,10268913,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,cemsend,"CRASHES A LOT !!!i'm using rampage black edition motherboard , intel i7 - 4960x , rog mars 4gb 512bit , ocz pci ssd"
76561197997049370,Not Recommended,243470,10270895,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Jackarooing_Cowboy,"Just another game ruined by arcade handling in cardboard cars. If you're 12 and enjoy that♥♥♥♥♥♥go right ahead and buy it. otherwise save your money for something else. Its just a port again, moving around the menus with the mouse is downright ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ (controller style, no pointer)"
,Recommended,243470,10257729,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,criFix,Great game! Doesn't excel in anything but everything you do in the game is fun to do. Due to it's console counterparts the game has been downgraded compared to a PC exclusive game. Good examples are civilian and vehicule instantiation range. You see the horizon way before they spawn.Other than that love the diversity implemented into the game. It deserves a 8.6/10 (Could've been higher if it was optimised for PC)
,Recommended,243470,10425010,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,[L²:RP] WildDorito,"This is such a good game. There are some minor bugs that need to be fixed, but it is an exeptional game"
,Recommended,243470,10422823,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,lazychocobo,"First off, I have a Phenom II 965 processor, 8gb ram, and a gtx 660 SC. I can play the game fine on high with shadows and reflections on med @1080p. idk whats going on with ppl not being able to run it with i7's and 780ti's. I'll grant you they should have optimized this a lot more, but if you say you can't even get into the game then you need to do some work on your setup. The game is good but not amazing. The biggest error this game has made is looking like GTA (too many fanboys will hate from this alone) and it did mislead with that E3 video (but its not the first). Altogether though, if you want a sandbox game on pc that isnt 5+yrs old I reccomend it. Or wait til gta 6 comes out, maybe they will throw pc gamers a bone by then."
,Recommended,243470,10423139,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Qloodge,"This is a fantastic game that is a lot of fun to play. I did have the stuttering issues that have been reported widely on the web, but was able to tweak the game and graphics settings to mostly eliminate them. The key seemed to be to dial down the anti-aliasing setting and turn off motion blur. I do have a graphics card with 3GB of RAM which let me use the ultra textures. I'm also able to run with ultra reflections which make the wet streets during rain and Aiden's wet clothes look fantastic. Hopefully the stuttering issues will be addressed by a performance patch. I would recommend waiting to play the game until the patch has been released to avoid being frustrated and disappointed by the stuttering issues. Once past these issues, I have been having a lot of fun driving and walking around Chicago as well as playing the missions. The game lets you chose your approach: You can sneak around and even remotely invade an area via the security cameras. You can also go in guns blazing, if you prefer. Or you can mix the two approaches as you see fit.The Metacritic score is much lower than the game deserves. I suspect it is due to the performance problems at launch."
,Recommended,243470,10425304,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Applewood,The story to me was outstanding but after the story ends the game seems to have little replay value and not to mention the performance bugs. I reccomend it but i would wait to buy it until a sale
76561198017650075,Recommended,243470,10425359,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,[DoBtr]Robot Reach Around,"Very well built game, totally worht the wait. Its got all the best parts of what you'd want out of a Cyber-punk styled GTA."
,Recommended,243470,10488337,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,---(((Ignorance)))---,Game of the year.
,Not Recommended,243470,10478228,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Leeroy Jenkins,Blue screened my PC Fix your S*** Ubisoft!
76561198021051195,Recommended,243470,10340392,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,CaptCuddles92,overall it is fun to play
,Recommended,243470,10340568,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Ardalista,If you are familiar with GTA or SR you have half the game figured out already... just have to get your head around the hacking aspect which makes it so much more fun.
,Recommended,243470,10340803,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Delta Ori,"If anyone was expecting this game to be anything remotely close to the 2012 demo, you're going to be sorely disappointed. Then again, this is a Ubisoft game, so if you weren't expecting this to be the case... well I guess you're a gullible little sucker, now aren't you?I'd also like to note that — in contrast with most other reviewers — I have yet to experience a single crash, and the only time that I was unable to connect to Uplay was when I was uploading a 20-minute long 60fps 1080p video to YouTube and downloading an hour long 320kbps mix simultaneously, which I expect was a simple case of not enough bandwidth.On that topic though, I've heard that having AMD components in your PC can cause problems with the game (which was developed in partnership with Nvidia) and I have nothing but Nvidia parts, so those claims could very well be accurate. In terms of game-breaking problems, the only thing I've had trouble with is the audio disappearing, and that can be fixed by a simple restart.Moving on to actual gameplay, I've found that the controls are a little awkward. It honestly feels like it was a bad port, but I'm fairly certain that most 'next-gen' titles are developed on PC due to the ease of which they can be ported to the new consoles from there. There was also quite a bit of performance issues, but those are (supposedly) going to be addressed in the next patch.In terms of graphics, the game definitely looks nowhere near as good as the 2012 demo, but as previously stated, that was to be expected. If there's one complaint I have, it's that I can't understand why they didn't use the Snowdrop Engine for this one, as it would've been fairly easy to do. As a last minute addition to this section, I'm disappointed with the hair in this game. With Nvidia so closely tied to the project, you'd think that they would've used Nvidia HairWorks for that...I'll freely admit that the game's story was a bit of a cliched mess, but after reaching the end, it honestly seems as though the entire game was created solely to set up the world for the next one.All in all, I was a little disappointed with the game, but I have high hopes for the next one (if it ever gets made after the crybaby reception this one got). Knowing that a Ubisoft game is rarely as good as they play them up to be, I'm giving Watch Dogs an 8/10. Despite any problems the game may have, I found it to be a throughly enjoyable experience, but If I could suggest one thing for Ubisoft to add to the game, it's the option to replay missions, or at least keep more than one save file. I didn't appreciate having to lose all of the progress I made just to play a mission again."
76561198136784089,Recommended,243470,10340994,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,chicagobrazil,Just purchased... $70 ... can't play cuz it won't load it crashes almost instantly
76561198030890910,Recommended,243470,10341811,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,EvilChicken92,pretty good game love the main campaign and the side missions but honestly do the side missions first because then you see what their talking about and your like whaaaa i thought he was gone.
76561198003909393,Recommended,243470,10341967,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Gusello,gogogo people!
,Recommended,243470,10342088,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,RaZoRz,"Bad driving mechanics and often gimmicky hacking-gameplay hurt an otherwise great concept. Enjoyable, but could have been much more."
,Recommended,243470,10283956,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Relm,"All Jokes aside, It's time for a honest and simplified review.Pros-◄Multiplayer (When Uplay servers arn't being horrid)- Free Roam with friends partake in Multiplayer battles and Races.◄Graphics( Beautiful, when not stuttering. Even on my 780 SLI) -Expecting fix on 2◄ Hax sity so much wow.◄The motorcycles feel awesome in this game.◄Blowing up Steam Pipes makes you feel manly.◄The story is Interesting, but has some bland spots◄The way Aidan walks is BA. His jogging skills could use some workCons- Oh no...ΘUplay- Just stop.ΘCurrent issue with optimization. I'm sure they'll fix it within a week, but that was suppose to be handled durring the delay.ΘNo car customization.( would be nice even if it were temprorary)ΘMost cars handle poorly.ΘDid I mention Uplay servers?Conclusion-I would reccomend this game, only because it has potential and that it's actually fun if you can look past the Cons.It's beautiful and fun to play with your friends. Give it a shot and explore everything. Sometimes it takes one thing to keep you going.GLHF!"
,Not Recommended,243470,10269457,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Dante,"so much promise, no enough deliver"
,Recommended,243470,10282801,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,"""Me and my Grandma take Meds""",Gud Game!!!10/10!!!SO GUD GET TO BEAT UP PEOPLE!!!
76561198101402139,Recommended,243470,10350998,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Oatis,pretty standard
,Recommended,243470,10324274,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,jennyelizafromseattle,Worth Watching.
,Not Recommended,243470,10378652,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Elite,"Not recommended if you have a second monitor, and it contains a lot of bugs, and frame-rate drops."
,Recommended,243470,10295755,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,McNipsy,Plays like a mature GTA V. Fun.
76561198008680086,Recommended,243470,10422737,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Zamzii,"Excellent Game!Pay no mind to those people out there complaining over game bugs/jittering/crashing, saying ""Ubisoft screwed me!"" (Boo Hoo),  they've just quit the race before the gun went off. Sure, Watch_Dogs might need some optimization, but even on my computer* just scraping the bottom of the recommended specs (""Recommended"" not ""Run this game 1080p on Ultra"") I can run Watchdogs on Medium/High** and the game looks, for all practical purposes, as good as ""Ultra"" settings, and it runs smoothly (with some jittering on a heavy loading phases not too often though).Edit: I did some graphic settings adjustments by setting ""Textures"" down from Ultra to High I was able to turn all other settings up to Ultra from Medium/High, and this also eliminated all jittering when moving through an area of heavy loading/detail.Content:Only 4 story missions in and I'm at 10 hours. The non-story content has a constant flow, you wont be walking staring at your smartphone syphoning bank accounts for long before you have to go save someone and knock out some crooks (or blow them away I won't judge).Driving:This game is awesome for driving! My personal favorite POV is the cab view it makes you feel like you're in the driver's seat! You may have read from other reviewers that ""GTA V has beter driving mechanincs than Watch_Dogs"", but I say that is rediculous! I've logged more than 72 hours playing GTA V (It's a great game!), but the cars in GTA felt like every empty crevace in the car was filled with lead (At least until you got your hands on a fully souped up Supercar.), but some people fail to realize how ""light"" cars can be which is why they assume GTA has good car dynamics. Watch_Dogs on the other hand every car feels like a real car, which means becoming unpredicable at high speeds (Which they do.) where even the slightest bump can send you careening into a tree, or a hard break will lighten your tail. Also, you have to be careful when speeding down streets compared to GTA where you can slip between lanes of traffic like there is the equivalent of an 8 lane super highway between cars. Either way each game has its own quirks, but of the two Watch_Dogs is on this side of reality when it comes to driving mechanics and in that regard it comes down to preference.Hacking:Hard to describe, but it is a definite plus over other open world games and makes each person an interactable entity rather than a meat bag for you to hit with your car or shoot when you're bored.Stealth:Entertaining and Challenging and works well in tandom with hacking.Shooting:A bit tricky with a controller, but once you get the hang of the shooting it's very satisfying to take down opponents.10/10 Must Buy ( Ensure your system is up to the task of playing this game though! )*My System:CPU - Intel Core i7-2600 @ 3.40GHzGPU - Nvidia GeForce GTX 670 2GB GDDR5OS - Windows 7 64 bit Home PremiumRez - 1920 x 1080, 60Hz**My Current Watch_Dogs settings:Ambient Occlusion - MHBAOAnti-aliasing - Temporal SMAARadial Blur - OnDepth of Field - OnDisplay Mode - FullscreenLevel of Detail - UltraReflections - UltraResolution - 1920 x 1080Shader - HighShadows - UltraTextures - HighWater - UltraInterface - XBox 360 wired controller (Recommend getting one. No software just plug and play plus it works with almost all games that are cross platform X Box-PC)"
76561198041020869,Recommended,243470,10307598,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Mbdelta,"Watch Dogs is one of those games that at first may sound and seem like a gimmic. But given enough time exploring the game and all it has to offer, you'll see otherwise. It has a large and immersive world, complimented by some great ""quests"" and stories. The guns are enjoyable to use and the hacking element is even better. Cars just work and aren't anything to special. Overall, if you don't expirience performance issues, you'll have a blast playing Watch Dogs!"
,Not Recommended,243470,10628160,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Almogk,"this game is a♥♥♥♥♥♥game,he have ALOT of bags,i got all of the system need and this game is soooo baddont do this mistake and buy this game you will be sorry if you will buy him"
,Recommended,243470,10312685,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,OberFeelKommando,"Ok so the game ain't perfect as everyone thought, because nothing is perfect. Uplay is♥♥♥♥♥♥ yes . But is the game in it's raw form good? ♥♥♥♥ yes . This is an amazing game and after the first 3-4 days of uplay ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t as it was expected I am having no problems with it. Totaly worth the wait and the price. It is a must buy"
76561198088172929,Recommended,243470,10876554,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Arroyo_Killer1997,its perfecte i love it
,Recommended,243470,10876642,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Tipped Fedora,"This game is a rather iffy one to review, as the story is absolute bullock, with absolutely no context to the gameplay itself. You aren't really a ""Vigilante"", as you are more of a criminal than anything. But the gameplay inside those missions in the campaign are varied, and quite fun at times. From stealth driving to stealth stealthing, it is great. But some of the things in the game are things that you can do in other games, like the cover to cover stealth is almost a mirror copy of the one in Splinter Cell: Blacklist.Hacking into others personal lives is quite cool as you get to pretend to be some sort of omnicient being and finding out what people are doing or what is happening to them. But once in a blue moon you get a repeatitition of people, but it won't bug you that much.For those whining about the glorious ""E3 2012"" graphics, download TheWorse mod fromhttp://forums.guru3d.com/showthread.php?t=390438and enjoy. It also helps with performance for those who are having trouble.So I say; this game isn't perfect, and so I reccomend for it to go on sale as $60 is a little steep. Overall okay game, but the story is smomething you should play but ignore the majority. Do not pay attention to the cutscenes, just enjoy the glorious gameplay.TL;DR: Worth a buy when on sale, but not full price. It also isn't perfect."
,Recommended,243470,10877273,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Kevin,"Good game, recommend if you have major graphics card. If not it's probably not worth getting."
76561198035369006,Recommended,243470,10879379,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Pvt. Gerkiinhoff,"I liked it, cars are annoying to drive, and after the story is complete there isnt much to do. But overall I do like the game."
,Recommended,243470,10879592,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,HxterNinja,So much fun.
,Recommended,243470,10886011,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,icleus,"The main good feature for Watch Dogs is that it has a very well written story.  The acting performed is better than some acting done on today’s big screen.  Foreshadowing and plot layout is professionally done and the player is left wanting to know more.You the player are a walking technological god and have the ability to control just about anything with the touch of your phone.  You gain experience to level up your abilities to be able to perform more powerful hacks later on throughout your play through.  The game offers up many side quests and mini games that will keep you as the player busy for many hours.During your online playthrough, you will be eligible to be silently invaded by an adversary fixer which are basically hackers/hitman for hire.   They may just be watching you or actually tapping into your phone.  Killing them is your best option.Overall the game is enjoyable if you don’t run into any technical hiccups along the way such as game performance stuttering or crashes.  I would recommend this game to anyone."
,Recommended,243470,10734903,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Delta0™,"You may say its not worth the money, but it is. The whole city, at your finger tips through a phone."
,Recommended,243470,10269863,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,TinPhoenix,"Even though I do enjoy the game when it works, Uplay is persistant to make sure I never make to the actual game, even going so far as to completely lose all my progress. Hooray DRM!"
76561198047795071,Recommended,243470,10345744,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,BattleFluff,"Do you like roaming around a free open world? Do you want to go hiking and parasailing? How about a nice view of the landscape in a helicopter or plane ride? Perhaps even some deep sea diving?Then maybe you should go buy Grand Theft Auto VHOWEVER:This game is very fun. Ubisoft as always did well with their campaign, regardless of continuity issues. The hacking is streamlined and emphasized, however it could have been expanded on. HACKING! HACKING! HACKING! The diversions and crimes kept me off of the campaign for 30 minutes at a time. While they are totally optional, they kept me interested, and I could go to the main mission at any point. This game is good. Not amazing, but it's fun and it's very good.Many users, AMD customers in specific, have reported that the game can't run for five minutes at a time before crashing, despite very poor framerate performance anyway. I uninstalled my version of the AMD Control Catalyst and updated to their beta 14.6 version. This driver that they made when this issue arised allows me a perfectly playable 30+ frames per second, however that would be higher if my GPU was a bit higher end. I have not had any issues at all so far. This little caveat is something to be expected with PC gaming, as it is just a port."
,Not Recommended,243470,13650010,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Pajama Samuel™,Controls: 4/10Story 3.5/10Would not recommend.
76561198072531867,Recommended,243470,10344515,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,BushmanAU,Loving it
76561198088409659,Recommended,243470,10386057,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,bonscott,"great game, love the realistic setting, hope there will be online for me..doesent work for me and never has until now.but overall a great game, the driving is realy addicting.and the digital trip's ""psycidelick thing"" is hilarius.keep up the great work!"
76561198068589368,Recommended,243470,10258332,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Rational Thinker,"I haven't had much problems with glitches or lags when all the graphic settings are on low. The gameplay is satisfying and the game overall is incredibly fun. You'll either be moved by the emotional story, or by the pure delight in piloting a giant robot spider.Only problem is if you're obsessed with graphics and can't play a game unless all the graphic settings are on ultra-mega-holysh*t-realisticaslife you'll have trouble making it run, and the Uplay is incredibly annoying and makes it hard to start the game. Ubisoft really needs to figure out that you sell more if you make starting games easy and convienient. They really don't need to be Steam, we already have a Steam, its called Steam.But still, Ubisoft's questionable intellegence shouldn't be enough to keep you away from this gem"
76561197998834877,Not Recommended,243470,10359652,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,idmush,"Gets Old Quick. To Easy, Boring"
,Not Recommended,243470,10360752,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,pugb has good hitreg,Last time i pre-order a ubisoft game. Only played a little but the gameplay feels like♥♥♥♥♥♥ I would highley reccomend not getting it
76561198058977622,Not Recommended,243470,10361598,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Quoner,"It's been a week since I bought the game but I've never actually been able to play the game, I have 3 hours of registered ""gameplay time"" which is actually just me watching the opening cutscene 30 or 40 times. I'm extremely disapointed with Ubisoft and I was truly looking forward to this game. This was a waste of $60 and I only wish I had bought the game on console."
76561198045794432,Not Recommended,243470,10329760,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,OLDBOY,Wait before you buy this game... driving is tron like..no gradation of acceleration.... its just a simple pedal to the floor... camera angles still suck when driving out of car... try reversing and then going forward.. vomit inducing. WAIT FOR PATCH....... if in hurry buy a controller..... not optimised for keyboard mouse.
,Recommended,243470,10339526,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,HeaD,"iam surprised how many people didnt like this game, i really think iam playing a different game becouse i just cant stop playing, the game is awsome, iam almost finishing the main history, if it was longer, i think it gonna be better. what i dont like is the non-exist suport for SLI, i have 2x GTX 760 ACX, with sli enabled, i got loads of frame drops, with the sli disabled, i can play easily in high at 70-80 fps."
76561198058984853,Not Recommended,243470,10347856,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Garry Beachsquatch,♥♥♥♥ing sucks
76561197992972566,Not Recommended,243470,10361973,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Winter,"Overall below average game. Driving is absolutly horrid, if you use radeon cards or crossfire your out of luck and will get about 20fps walking and about 2 while driving. Incredibly slow loading. it had potential but Ubisoft blew it."
,Not Recommended,243470,10323789,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Blumentopf,"UPlay = U DONT PLAYGame plays like a dirty console port = Errors, FPS LOSSES on mass, crashes and bugs"
76561198010384187,Not Recommended,243470,10323744,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Hmm 🤔,"Didn't like the story, didn't like the gameplay, so many bugs, that are annoying to the eye's. It start out really amazing, where you have to sneak around a baseball stadium, then later in the game, it's just the same over and over again. Car chases every 3-4th mission. When you're not chasing cars, you are hacking some kind of firewall, to gain access to ctOS, the same way every time, then you have escape the red zone, because the enemy are on to you everytime, when you have shoot your way out, or sneak your way out. My rating: 4/10 Bad. If you don't trust me, try it out for yourself, and get disapointed."
76561198092563412,Recommended,243470,10278562,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Chillbacca,"A lot of people have been complaining about how poorly optimized they believe this game to be.  I am inclined to disagree with them because I have been playing it and it works great for me.  Yes, there are some minor problems, such as the driving being slightly difficult, however, in about twelve hours of playing, I have become a significantly better driving.  Personally, this is one of my favorite ubisoft games, possibly favorite games ever.  Everyone needs to stop compaining that the game isn't running perfectly for them, stop hurting the game because of that, and just enjoy the frickin' game!!!"
76561198122045388,Not Recommended,243470,10264099,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,sangetsutensou,"i kinda like the game but why the heck did they force use to use that damn uplay -_- says it cant go online mode coz my internet connection has no connection it says, well screw u uplay i got good connection its u thaty fails -_- wont letmme go online thats BS imo... i buy it on steam so lemme use it thru steam ffs dont need that extra damn window uplay! why?? whats the point? ya love raging ppl i guess,, at first i was like yeh great they put uplay in it but okay cool i dont mind yet, played a few hrs quit, try to get back in and then u keep givving me errors of my internet connection,,,by the way the game is good but tbh i expected alot more of it rlly since it got a delay in the first place but w/e just wnna go in the game online mode and uplay outta there,, there i feel alot better now having this of my chest... uplay.... offline."
,Recommended,243470,10263999,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,[BSG] Grumpy,Uplay = Terrible Terrtible Terrible.
76561198116558648,Not Recommended,243470,10291075,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,schopski27,The game crashes and I have a bad #$% gaming pc and I whas relift that it whasent jast me
76561198018299282,Not Recommended,243470,10291352,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Madragal,"If you have a PC, be weary ... Even though my computer exceeds the minimum required for this game, I have had nothing but problems. It's looking like because I have an ATI GPU, but seriously? Ridiculous. Especially since I shelled out $70 for the stupid thing.Beyond that, I'm hearing nothing but good things from friends who CAN load it (platformers, mostly), but no body likes having to use UPlay ... nobody. That's just ridiculous. I like Ubisoft games, but .. :/"
,Not Recommended,243470,15523341,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Magsamm,Makes the driving physics from Need for Speed:Underground 2 feel realistic.
,Recommended,243470,10255646,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Biscuitism,good ol' ethnic cleansing
76561197967008177,Not Recommended,243470,14371067,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,SnifferDog,Impossible to control with mouse and keyboard.
76561198131620938,Recommended,243470,17286355,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Rick Sanchez,I enjoyed this game ALOT (as you can see by 'time played') its one of my favourites even though some people would say different. i enjoyed shooting randon civs or hacking explosives to get my way. I have both gta 5 and this and enjoy them both seperatley
,Not Recommended,243470,13680190,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Serptonius,not very fun sandbox
76561197995511278,Recommended,243470,10259886,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Kissless Virgin,its not really an accurate version of chicago but the game itself is okay so far. the storyline is a bit confusing at times though as well
,Recommended,243470,10281174,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Herr Katze,"Oh finally, a game that doesn't strive to be another shooter clone, a game that adds such strategy and realism to the genre, and a game that is beautiful in all aspects.Yes, I know, the game was poorly optimized for AMD. However, I have successfully eliminated the stutters and crashes by setting my game's texture detail to Medium (in display option), everything else High, GPU Max Buffered Frames to 1, and playing in Borderless mode and disabling vsync. Now I am having a complete blast playing this masterfully crafted video game.First off, the voice acting and characters are excellent. Each main/side character is spot on, often carrying some humor here and there while keeping the tone of their profession as if they where alive. Enemies and cops act extremely realistic, communicating to one another as they attempt to apprehend you. People will carry hidden cameras, explosives, callable phones, and even have a special gunman that will call for backup if things get too sticky for them to handle if not killed quickly. The campaign is emotional, filled with excellent tutorial missions, and straight up action packed from cop chases to gang fights. Special events will occur like crashes and murders randomly and often involve Aiden to take action (excluding certain events like crashes) and stop the crime in progress for the true vigilantee feel. In addition, the hacking system is so great, so satisfactory, that you can complete otherwise suicide missions without even getting close to your foes. This game is 100% badass. Details are so there, for example citizens will say ""Hey! That's the vigilantee on the News!"" and pull out their phones to take some snapshots. Everyone in the game, including random pedestrians and drivers have a story you can view and piece together in your mind by profiling them, adding so much depth and weight to them as they actually feel like human beings for a change. Cities are abundant with life. Aiden runs and moves so fluidly with parkour aspects, driving is yes at first a bit weird but you will soon love it because it's so realistic, gunplay is well done even if it could've used a bit more weapons or attatchments, but ultimately delivers and satisfies like no other game, even with it's faults.Multiplayer is well done, the seamless modes like hacking another player's game and earning noteriety are just, amazing. No cutscene ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, straight up in-character. It's wonderful. Noteriety can be used to purchase useful upgrades such as guns and perks aswell.The absolute final in open world creative sandboxes, offering Skyrim levels of replayability as either a true vigilantee or a brutal murderer. This game deserves the money and a spot in your library if you call yourself a gamer.tl;dr this game is amazing, the only reason it gets negative reviews is because people want it to be bad and that is has optimization issues.9/10"
,Not Recommended,243470,10259350,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,nairokard,SLI broken
,Not Recommended,243470,10259972,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Dr Octagon,"Horribly unoptimized: framerate stutter made me nauseous, crashes to desktop when I try to hack a sign, could only run on low textures.  Worse than Assassin's Creed 3."
76561198129250224,Not Recommended,243470,10260017,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Munch517,"This game just generally sucks. I think this is the first game I've bought where I feel that I've been cheated out of my money. After five disappointing hours I'm not sure how much I'll ever play this, if at all."
,Recommended,243470,10259811,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Burdman,One of my new favorite games so fun to hack everything! For me it only crashed once within 6 hours of play and that was because of a computer problem not the game! I fully recmmend this game! XD
76561198068307786,Not Recommended,243470,10263912,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Jackoquack,"Poor graphics, lack of stuff to do,poor controls. i want my money back"
,Recommended,243470,14517398,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,zaqwander,This game is a beast of a game!!!!! one of the best games i have bought i would say !! PERFECTLY optimized and hope to see a second game released!!!!
,Not Recommended,243470,14541171,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,KeithTheNoob,Its NOt A Bad Games Its Not GoodIt Was Fun For The First Few HourseAnd Then It Went Crashing downI will give it a thumbs down cause..of the crashI cant start the game it will show i am playing it but it will just not launchi will have to go to task manager and i have to off steam from there i restarted it quite alot and itsreally annoying
76561198036184267,Not Recommended,243470,10264177,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Axis Archetype,"If you have an AMD card, DO NOT BUY. I have an FX9590 CPU (4.7ghz), 8 Gigs of RAM, and an AMD HD7970 (6gigs VRAM). Game runs at 15-20 FPS and MSAA is broken."
,Recommended,243470,10291896,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Tea And Scones,The cocking basterds at ubisoft thought it would be a good idea to unoptimize ATI graphics cards. 10/10 GOTYWelcome to the next gen ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s
76561198018596064,Recommended,243470,10282942,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,(BSRP)Dank_Fatty,"The game is amazing. It's addicting, entertaining, and just fun overall. I've had no problems at all, been playing since it was released at 12AM Tuesday, I have an AMD 7970 I play with everything maxed out at 53FPS. Never had a crash, no problems with UPLAY and even if I did it wouldn't take away how much I'm enjoying it."
76561198008576546,Recommended,243470,10344436,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,DvDs,"it forces uplay on you which i just horrendous since were buying it from the steam platform. other than that its buggy as hell. It worked the first time i tried it, since then i crashes on startup and no reliable fix has been found.this in conjunction with Uplay makes this game a BITTER disapointment. It's been by far the most frustrating experience ive ever had with a video game.anyway, if you want the game get a ps4 or an xbox. this isnt worth the hassle. sadly. I was really looking forward to it."
76561198067866072,Recommended,243470,10345120,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Szechuan sauce,"[IMPORTANT, READ]I was very skeptical about buying this game after hearing about all the crashes and lag. There is an easy way to FIX this though, if you have an AMD Graphics card go install AMD Catalyst Beta 14.6. Here is a link:http://support.amd.com/en-us/kb-articles/Pages/latest-catalyst-windows-beta.aspxEven my $80 everyday graphics card could run watch dogs with no lag on low settings.  10/10"
76561198046809588,Recommended,243470,10262810,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,*Design/This/258*,"After playing a few hours, I have to admit that the game can be quite addicting to explore the open world with your hacking skills! It's something never seen before in a sandbox game and makes the game really unique. And off course like every sand box game it has it's bugs and glitches, i had some moments where the game would freeze for a second or two while driving or that the frames would drop for no reason (this only occured once for now) but that doensn't mean that the game is bad! Wish the driving mechanics were better but overall the game is really enjoyable. You truly feel like a bad♥♥♥♥♥when you walk the streets with that smartphone in your hand and that you can use the city as as a weapon!! There was this one time while i was being persued by the cops... i was nearby the trainstation and was able to hack the train and force it to stop. Then i entered the train and enabled it back to continue it's route while the cops were hopelessly watching me escape. It's because of these awesoe moments that the game really stands out!!! As for the online multiplayer which let's other people invade your game is really something else and brings this fresh element that spices things up a bit. So i would definitely recommend the game!!! Don't know why some people give these negative reviews here?!! If you're having crashes update your drivers, does your pc meet the recommended system requirements? And if you're still experiencing issues just wait for ubisoft to bring updates but don't write a negative review just because you can't run the game or are having framed drops, crashes,..."
,Recommended,243470,10343199,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Wolf,this game just seems like grand theft auto but with the ability to hack the city
76561198092672328,Recommended,243470,10262859,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Adept Dave,I happen to love this game at first it was very buggy then Nvidia made a update to is drivers and now the graphics are glorious and it runs smoothly I  dont think i could be any happier with the game
76561198060842786,Recommended,243470,10345319,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,aliorrsome,Great game but uplay does not like to be used with steam which is anoying
76561198117898572,Recommended,243470,10262539,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,clashwipe,"Game works fine for me.Didnt experience a single crash till yet ,it does freeze from time to time but only for like 5 seconds and that happens at maybe 4-5 times in one session.Didnt have any problems with Uplay either ,well i cant claim my rewards but meh ,not gonna get complain because i cant get a wallpaper.Game is amazingly fun when you start to get into it ,you know a game is good when somebody messages the kirby dance.Can play the game with some lags on high and smooth on medium, looks fine.Found the gameplay pretty smooth and i had no problems getting into it ,its not incredibly hard to understand and complicated ,really.People say they cant run this game with a gtx760 but apparently i can ,with my evga gtx760.Hacking works really fine and its a part of watch_dogs that incredibly fun too.The driving is pretty realistic and might be hard to get into but its still fun ,driving on my bike i turn on the traffic light getting into accidents all night ,yup thats pretty much it."
,Recommended,243470,10344238,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,ANGERY >:(,"This game is so good!!!This game is mutch better than they show in the review on the internet or anywhere else. I almost changed my mind just by watching the review!In the game you are really coming into the mood and feel the awesomeness about hacking, but the game is not just about hacking and doin crazy♥♥♥♥♥♥ it has a really good background history about hes life and what happened to him.If you buy this! you will love it ! trust me ! <333 10 / 10 !"
76561198009436978,Recommended,243470,10344254,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,BoredZero,"This game, while underwhelming and nowhere near as good as advertised, isn't actually bad. It feels rushed out the door however. The story and gameplay could've been so much more, but instead, the ending feels a little rushed with an ending that literally feels like they took the rest of the story and tossed it to make a salad.It doesn't mesh well. There are other nuisances wth the gameplay itself, the biggest one of which is that you can't shoot out of the car. This is offset mostly by the fact that you, as Aiden Pearce, have a number of other options for eliminating pursuers by manipulating a number of ctOS connected systems, but not entirely.It's not a *bad* game exactly, but it lacks what it needs to be called an excellent game. As it is, it's only worth about 40-50 bucks."
76561198060842786,Recommended,243470,10345318,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,aliorrsome,Great game but uplay does not like to be used with steam which is anoying
,Recommended,243470,10269196,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Saddam Hussein,"This game is awesome, people may not be able to play it but if you can it's amazing. Uplay can be annoying but people are overreacting. The game works seamlessly between mp and sp. Very cool feature. I'd recomend buying this game if you aren't a little panzie who can't handle waiting a few minutes for the game to load."
,Not Recommended,243470,10350474,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Bouncy,"The game, although it was fun playing it, for me is a 7/10 without the Uplay experience. I don't feel like including Uplay in my review because I just want to review the game itself but with Uplay I would give it a 4.5/10. The story itself is interesting, it keeps me engaged but everytime there is a cutscene and his hat glitches and you can see his skin popping through it I get angry. Many missions don't actually make sense and it seems like things could have been done differently and more effeciently than the story makes you do. Side missions are all over the place and they just feel pointless. Saving someone or solving a investigation do not offer any game changing experience. Especially when I finished the game and did the bonus exclusive missions, they acted like certain people were still alive in the game when they weren't as if the game is unaware of my progress at all. The money system is used to buy cars, equipment and guns, and clothing and that is about it, unless I missed something which the game did not mention to me over my 20+ hours of play. With this in mind, it is really easy with some glitches that I do not want to mention to take advantage of ATM's and steal practically an infinite amount of money in a short time from the same machine. Now for the multiplayer, hacking into another person's game is unlike how the trailers showed. When you get someone hacking into your game, you will get a notification and a purple circle on the map of where they are approximately, all you have to do is drive far enough and let the timer run out and they will most likely not catch up to you to complete their contract and would end up either having the main host winning or the contract terminated. So therefore it is pointless to do multiplayer and hacking into another player's game since they are probably driving at the time and they will probably just drive away with nothing stopping them. Now there are some few types of multiplayer like Races but with the way that the car handling and physics work, it is probably comparable with GTA3 so why would anyone want to race? As for friend with friend multiplayer, well that is non-existent because you know what? Who needs to play with their friends anyway. Unless there is some hidden way that the game never felt like letting the player know about, then that is just worst.  I have honestly done every single mission in the game with my silenced M1911 pistol since it was just that easy to hit targets in the head without anyone else hearing it, making there no point for me to unlock or buy any other weapon. Since there is 0 customization to weaponry, I could not put on silencers or scopes or anything of that sort to anything making the exclusive m1911 pistol the best gun in the game in my opinion. So overall the graphics were pretty decent on max settings, game does take a lot to run though which is not so great for lower end PC's. Story was alright, extra content was dislinked with the progress of the main campaign which felt really dumb hearing people talking about meetings with dead people in the ""exclusive"" missions. Gun play was pretty smooth although there was 0 customization to guns. Missions for the most part only offered 1 direction of which the story can move in, except for one of the very last missions which had 2 choices so 1 out of the entire game is pretty bad. You would think there would be more choices to be made by the player but nope. Driving was horrendous for such a hyped game where you are driving most of the time with yet another 0 customization to vehicles. Gadgets for the most part don't make such a huge difference because M1911 silenced is just that godly. Game was fun but after about 25 hours of play I don't think I will be able to enjoy anything else since It is that easy to unlock everything and finish all the missions."
,Recommended,243470,10351252,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,jazzdank,"I remember all the way back to E3 2012 where Ubisoft was giving its keynote, and out of the blue came Watch_Dogs. It was one of 2 pleasant surprises at that year's Ubisoft conference, the other being the exchange of the awkward-silence-inducing Mr. Caffeine (Google it) for voice actor and gamer Aisha Tyler, one of 2 gamer girls I know of that doesn't look like Honey Boo-Boo's mom. Anyway, promising to be the first ""true next-gen game,"" Watch_Dogs was given a trailer and a 5 minute demo which showed off possibly some of the most detailed and groundbreaking visuals any of us had seen. Personally, I was psyched for the November 2013 release. Then it got pushed back to last month, May 2014, with the excuse that they needed more time to perfect their original vision. That still didn't deter me. Then, of course, the Aisha Tyler character trailer came out, which according to one YouTube commentator ""was rendered on a PS2."" I bought it 2-3 days after its release, shelling out $60 for a game I was on the fence about. When I finally got UPlay and all working I played it for 3 hours straight. No, it doesn't look as good as E3 2012, and yes, the cover system could be a little better, but it looks great even with the stuttering which should be fixed in a patch and the voice acting, story, and hacking info are all more than satisfactory and I still have yet to finish. This is one of those things I was convinced I would love, and I do. When the Internet went ""Ewwww,GTA V with hacking,"" I'd say ""Yay, GTA V with hacking!"" Yes, there are more differences which make parts of the game better or worse than GTA V but it's not very different in a good way.TL;DR: Not as good-looking as E3 2012, but still a solid game. If you're unsure, wait for the summer sale."
,Recommended,243470,10272555,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,(4SFG) aviax,"I'm honestly not sure what everyone is talking about when it comes to poor optimization, niether me or any of my friends have had issues, granted I have a nvidia gpu but i have an amd cpu.. but onto the actual game: There is a ton of things to do in this game.. the story is great and if you ever want to break off from the normal missions there is an abundance of other things to do. The stealth system is great in my opinion and using a silenced weapon actually has a big effect on your playstyle. For example, most missions you can do completely silent, which requires you to go cover to cover without being spotted, taking out enemies when you have a clearshot, and using distractions to luring guards into places that will be most advantageus for you! My one complaint is the Ctos scan that the police use in one of the stages of police pursuit, it seems a little cheap and you almost always need to waste one or two com jams to get away scotch free. I've played for a fair ammount of time and I've barely made a dent into the actual campaign, I keep getting distracted by helping civilians who are about to be the victim of a brutal assult, or clearing ctos control centers, or doing fixer missions, or simply hacking into bank accounts for more money! This game is a lot of fun and may need a few fixes with optimization for some people, and there are some quirks here and there that may or may not be fixed later on, but the game at it's core is amazing and fun to play!Also 10/10 just stole 5 grand from a rich geologist who is obsessed with hentai."
76561198038033052,Recommended,243470,10280989,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Not Reduced,This game is like playing second place
,Recommended,243470,10329195,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,money123451™,game was not bad a few frame drops till i dropped some graphic settings i have a i7-4770k GTX 770 MSI OC edition 16 gigs of ram and a nearly full 1tb hdd i pre registered the key on uplay (knowing that it was going to be used) and pre loaded it and it all was good uplay might not let you go online on the first few days but i tested it at midnight for 30 mins and beat it within a weak good luck with uplay you lazy people who didn't think uplay was needed.
,Recommended,243470,10329967,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,SergioFonseca,GTA + Assasins Creed = Muito BOM !!!
,Not Recommended,243470,10361290,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,GTbrawlers,5/10 - It's an arlight game that can kill a few hours but for the price its just a less feature filled version of Grand Theft Auto with a pretty poor multiplayer.I knew when I was going to buy it that It wouldn't be worth it yet the coverage hyped it up to be a great game. The driving is alright where collisions are totally unrealistic. Combat is alright where the most fun part of the game is just getting a chase and using your powers to dispatch enemies or doing the crime missions.The main positive I guess is the story which I'm finding pretty interesting and so is the lore of the game and I'm told the ending is amazing.
,Not Recommended,243470,10276274,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Hawke,"being stuck using uplay means udontplay it sucks trying to get on. ive actually only spend an hour playing, the other 4 were waiting to log in! multiplayer doesnt work becuase of ubisoft rubbish ervers.Ubisoft - hers an idea. take the money you took from us on pre-orders and buy a new server rather than the raspberry pi you seem to be using!"
,Not Recommended,243470,10330953,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Tuna Man,"Don'y buy unless you like Uplay and disapointment. The ""gameplay"" in the trailers do not represent the actual gameplay. Wait for a sale and even then make sure it's worth your time. The game came out over a week ago and they still haven't fixed any of the bugs and frame stutter (Drops from 70fps to 1fps then back up to 70) rendering the game unplayable.Edit: Still haven't fixed the game."
,Not Recommended,243470,14895952,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Alex,haha lol cd key is in use ._.
,Recommended,243470,10294054,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,_dafe,The online play (free roam/races) alone is barrels of fun with friends. Would recommend!
76561198077078255,Recommended,243470,10401265,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,quavo,ravi you so funny
76561198053016944,Not Recommended,243470,14374215,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,calvincolt123,stupid uplay stupid allofitcan you refund this item or swap it
76561198113243135,Recommended,243470,11218916,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,HazeBox,This game is great!I have not yet completed this game but I feel I have a good understanding of it. This is a soild game. dont be fooled with the people saying ubisoft degraded the Pc version. In my opion the game looks great also it has a soild and awesome story line. Aiden is a awesome chacter. I have a blast walking around the city and stoping crimies and crimanl convoys and gang hide outs!All in all watch dogs is a really great game I Love it and if you want this game you should get it you will get your moneys worth!I know I spelled some things wrong :p
76561198009088541,Not Recommended,243470,10463473,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Sonyex,Its ok. not as good as was expected
76561198021879058,Recommended,243470,10279138,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Zippo124,"Im tired of seeing these negative reviews of people just complaining, so im writing a positive review of how the game actually is.PLAYABLIITY - There are many people complaining about optimization with mostly AMD I guess, and I cant say anything about AMD products as I do not use any and never will (NVIDIA and Intel all the way) but anyone having issues with Nvidia cards please just update to the latest driver... thats all that needs to be done. Otherwise the game runs fine for me.UPLAY - Seriously? this makes or breaks a game for people...? I had no problems with UPLAY and it takes a couple extra minutes of your life.STORY - Its there and its great from what ive played, you will just have to play to find out :)GAMEPLAY - This is not an ordinary open world game, the hacking in the game can be really fun, useful and funny at times and besides the story there are so many little things that catch your attention like minigames on your phone and around the area, including digital trips which are some interesting stuff I must say. The only problem I have is the driving is a bit off for my tastes.FINAL - In all, the game is great... not amazing but great, and people going on about ""Over Hyped"" its all about your perception of the game, becasue every trailer you watched... its all there and executed the same way, so it may have been ""Over Hyped"" for you but not for me. And anyone saying that its boring might have to actually play the game, because I had a blast just walking around profiling people...So give it a try, I guarantee you will like it... and im not going to give it a ""Rating"" because I look at movies and games as either ""Good"" or ""Bad""."
,Recommended,243470,10296549,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,✪SenyourFlarfy,"To anybody that is reading this, this is the best game in history i played personally. the story line is interesting and kinda ♥♥♥♥ed up but it is an exciting game and tense at the same time. u might not understand the begining but later on u'll get it. but if u have the money i suggest u getting this game it is the game of the year and it has the most beautifullest graphics which i ever played with."
76561198057118729,Recommended,243470,10329921,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,nightech25,"Ok guys if you want to play this game go ahead is a good game, but not a great game WATCH DOGS lags in enviroment and for a sandbox it comes short . The world of watch dogs can be compare to gta 4, clutter but unispire , after awhile you will forget anything about the world n race or run your way around making the world take a back seat , for me i thing JUST CAUSE 2 world is the best made world or SAN ANDREAS , even  GTA 5 world is decent after u make a trip to the counties , another thing that  buggles my mind is the lack of outfits i mean you can buy different outfits but those are just skins to the original outfit and im goint to be honest i dislike the  outfit i dont thing the character model goes with his set up he looks older and the outfit is best for a younger character but thats my opinion and the fact that i cant buy others set ups is dissapointed to me. Now the good parts of the game, GAMEPLAY , as you move around the world with ease you will notice that theres no game on a sandbox that will give you so much flexibilty , the hacking is also great walking about learning the people around you little secrets is great , and  it come into play on missions when some of the bad guys dont seen that bad and if up to you to decide their fate do u blow him up with the enviroment or put a bullet on his brain or just knock him up , same can be say about hacking someone for money , on the story WATCH DOGS  has a good set up and just like many things  about this game you either will like it or love it or hate it . side quest are the same some will be bad others good, on multiplayer sadly i cant connect i get errors when i try to play with another living person it wasnt like that but my time with multiplayer has been to short to give you my thoughts .... so watch dogs have great graphics if u go high or ultra , music is ok  has good cars, good mini games, side quests are a mix bag , story is good , gameplay mechanics shine on mission i felt like snake from metal gear and the hacking, parkour elements where design for an action oriented time so good luck on your adventures in chicago  :)"
76561197960372715,Not Recommended,243470,10309572,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Rekit,"The game looks amazing, the cinematics look good. the idea is great, but the game gets very old pretty quick, story could have been great.. The game being ported over from console to PC feels rushed. The power that PC's could bring to the game but is left untapped. Stearing with vechiles is very basic, bouncy they take more damage then a tank.The game story has no real meat to it, and when it does start getting some where it slaps in some crap comedy and just goes on.have not played MP yet, that could be fun, but from what I can tell and reviews i have watched, doesnt seem like it will bring a whole lot more to the table.This is GTA with a different and story line, in a smaller world, that has been rushed from console, that looks prettier, oh, and yu can hack thinks."
76561198163564788,Not Recommended,243470,13070331,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,simondk99,"I've had alot of problems with my Uplay, and i spend to much money on it. I didn't know i was almost like GTA. Don't spend your money on it    :-(      :-("
76561198179962842,Not Recommended,243470,21043398,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Tessa Brooks,"I would recommend this game.... on the console. On PC, it's pretty laggy (might just be me), but other than that, it's pretty solid. The plot's nice, but it lacks complexity in the hacking concept. It's somewhat like if a Batman game and a GTA game combined."
76561198128553580,Recommended,243470,25477529,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,The Toasted Toaster,it is aamazing
,Not Recommended,243470,22558795,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Aporte,"The game entered a menu that is impossible to exit, and the game crashed when I tried to reopen it... twice... classic Ubisoft."
76561198269950156,Recommended,243470,22945016,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,jason brad,its laggy how can i fix it
76561198079684056,Recommended,243470,10282695,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,iskrym,"It is very poorly optimised but it is also very fun and looks decent but it isn't what we saw at E3 2012, a little dissapointed that the consoles came first and PC second, not a surprise but I hope they get it sorted out sooner than later, overall i very much enjoyed this unforgiving and challenging title, give me moar!"
76561198051901288,Not Recommended,243470,10300458,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Dr.Starch,Uplay? more like Ew play
,Recommended,243470,10281701,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,DaCrazyDingo,"Decent game so far. I don't know what major issues others are having. I installed activated on Uplay and played for a couple hours. No issues, no glitches, no stuttering or anything. 60fps the whole time.Driving feels more similar to a real car than the arcady type driving of GTA and Saints Row. Don't know what people are complaining about. It's a bunch of open world fun.(Will re-write and update after more playtime)I remember why I stopped playing. I hate dealing with other people with the forced online component. You be minding your own damn business going to a mission and then boop! You HAVE to play the online game for a 5 minutes. Super annoying."
,Not Recommended,243470,19187669,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,JJl77,Pros:Can travel 150 Mph and turn on a dimeCan beat enemies to death with a expandable batonCan play as a hackerCan blow things up with smart phoneCan snoop in peoples stuffCan preform identity theftCan survive jumping off of a buildingCan get away from the cops on the slowest (and largest) taxi boat everThousands of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ bugs to play withNo health barCan heal instantlyYou can kill people by shooting them in the footCons:No real time reflectionsTerrible physics (This can be good though)Things break like they are toothpicksNo bullet hitsounds or effects when you shoot the at static world geometrySo bad its funny weather and time systemA huge lack of logic. You'll find out what I mean soon enough..UplayUplayUplayUplay multiplayer bugUplayNow I'll let you decide if you want to buy it.
,Recommended,243470,24539897,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Upgrade.gg,amazing gameplay
,Recommended,243470,11348932,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Nice Try Hillary,great freeroaming third person shooter. many hours of extra content. and much freeplay time
,Recommended,243470,23964377,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,- I N [V] O K E R -,Mixing Review ...Not Good Not Bad.... Avg gamewaiting for Watch Dogs 2 ...Let's See hope for the best...
76561197998572584,Recommended,243470,23964423,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Dax,great game
,Recommended,243470,24171053,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,IxoNaut,"Despite a sea of many many negative reviews for this game, I would like to say that after playing this game on console I decided to go ahead and buy the PC version to re-live all of the fun I had playing it, yes I said fun!I can understand that at launch the game was basically unplayable and even now the graphics by default are locked down and still a bit low in performance but after unlocking the graphical options and tweaking a little bit (which if you have been a PC gamer you should be used to this by now honestly) the game itself is a beautifully crafted game.From the new idea of a game about hacking in a big city I don't really see how that isn't creative enough for everyone else but for me its pretty damn good. Yes I can say that after a while things can be a bit repetitive but again there are games like GTA that are in somewhat of the same style that are also repetitve that are in turn responded to in a very postivie way.In conclusion, this game is no where near perfect and that makes sense because what game is perfect, but don't let that turn you off because the gameplay is really enjoyable and there is a whole lot you can do throughout the city and overal I would say give it a try if you are debating over it."
76561198057135539,Recommended,243470,27383566,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,OG_H4X0R,"For all you people who♥♥♥♥♥♥on this game, I honestly think you were being too skeptical. Yes from a computer science point of you, it’s not at all realistic. And yes from a physics point of view the driving is trash. But I honestly believe if you suspend thoughts of reality for just a wee bit, this is one hell of a game. I can’t wait until I have time to sink my teeth into the second."
,Recommended,243470,25291633,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Strangecat,If not for the driving this game would be perfect.BEST BITSHackingHiding behind a rock throwing grenades at heaviesFailing to succeed in multiplayerBig♥♥♥♥♥spiderFlowersWORST BITSNo dogsDrivingMain character humanisationNo dogsPolice on you for being helpfulThe escape from prisonDrivingNo dogs
,Recommended,243470,25297578,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Im sorry eh,Good gameplayGood storydidnt get far into itits quite fun spying on everyone and hacking stuffalso once you unlock all of the ways to escape the fuzz it becomes real fun to drive around
76561198042403614,Recommended,243470,10987632,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Vyntus,So many references!
,Not Recommended,243470,10567244,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Uncle Revie,How annoying is this game!!It just wont work on my pc not even on low settings and yet i can play Crysis 3 on ultra settings!I just makes no sense.Not worth the money cos it seems you need a super computer!
,Not Recommended,243470,10547893,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Chicago Falcon,"This game is not terrible. I really enjoyed it when I could play it. What is terrible, is ubisoft...how the released the game, the quality they released it in, how they nerfed it for PC players, and the abysmal patch the released. I've waited till after the patch to review it and I was going to give it a positive review, despite being unable to play it for three weeks (i had the load 90% and freeze bug). But now, I am just furious and disapointed with Ubisoft. I preordered the game and the season pass and I have never regretted a purchase more. The patch, which does allow me to successfully load the game, has destroyed the camera, making the game painful to play. When I drive, the camera skews crazily around the screen, making driving (which is such an important part of the game), nearly impossible. Unless they update this game, I doubt I will ever play it again, despite having spent 80$ on it. Needless to say, I am really angry at ubisoft. I went from being a pretty strong Ubisoft fan (Love AC and Far Cry), to despising the company. After their performance, I highly doubt they'll try to repair their damaged relations with their ex-fans. I will buy Ubisoft products again, but I will never preorder them again. Screw you, Ubisoft."
76561197961247483,Recommended,243470,10346366,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,9klas,"Fun to play, I guess."
76561198007761167,Recommended,243470,10346648,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,geozero,"Well I don't get all the negative comments.   It does look that upon release the AMD based Radeon video drivers were an issue.  After looking at many reviews, good and bad, I decided to go ahead and buy it.The game loaded fine.  But it did crash the first time I tried to play... for a second I thought I should heed the warnings about driver incompatibility.  Then a brief google search found the new drivers by AMD which specifically dealt with Watchdogs.  This was just days after the game release... HUGE kudos for AMD for getting a fix out so quickly.I have played game for a few days with ABSOLUTELY NO video issues or crashes.The game reminds me of a cross between The Sabateur and the Godfather franchise.  Except set in a modern world environment.  There's a lot of free roaming, of course cut scenes for the main story line (I wish I could bypass these, especially after playing the game missions, as in if you decide to start a new game).  I tried to do a lot of different things, some of the game logic is fuzzy to me.  Not every building is open, you can take down every guard at the CTOS center and they will not sound any police alarms but shoot a couple of bad dudes on the street and you could have a huge police chase with helicopter.  This you can outrun - YES - I did several times by getting into a speed boat and waiting under a bridge for a while.  There seems to be no police boats and the heli will hover above the bridge and not come down further.  After a while you speed out of there head to a canal (I guess that's the map edge) and BAM - yoy get away.  Reputation suffers but you are alive.Yet overall it is a fun game and you will get your money's worth.  You can play the game many hours through so from that perspective it is worth it.The video/crash issues are fixed.  So no issues there either.Price is reasonable given the amount of game play available."
,Recommended,243470,10345152,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,JECM,It's fun.
,Recommended,243470,10262760,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,WoodyTreestump,"All in All this game is good, the optimization isnt the best but other then thats its good, by the way all the people who dont recommend this game are complaining about not having good optimization becouse of having amd car, amd hasnt gotten to work with watch dogs as much as nvidia, so hopefully now all you amd users will get a patch for that"
76561197971133280,Recommended,243470,10345068,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Dirtyshadow,"If you like Assassin's Creed, Sleeping Dogs or Dues Ex HR... you will like the elements of this game.Open World City Crime and Combat Simulation with the gimick that environmental items can be triggered by telekinesis called a ""smart phone"""
,Recommended,243470,10262683,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Black Centurion[Damocles],Watch Dogs is an amazing game. I just got some time to play it and it's far more better than I've expected. My Alienware with Nvidia GTX 680M works fine on High graphic setting (Auto-detected). Uplay works fine as well.Now I wish that I bought Season Pass when it was priced at $19.99.
,Recommended,243470,10343017,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Hoshi,"So i pre-purchased the game and i have to say base game is fun, if you like extras and have cash to burn get the deluxe verson but those who dont just get the base game and the season pass saves you ten bucks+tax.  The story line is good and pretty straight forward (no spoilers).  Online is fun but still lacks a little more depth, lets hope they improve it with future DLC.  I wanna say this game is a mix of Grand Theft Auto style world, Resident Evil 5 charater movement, and then cant forget the hacking element.  I would rate this game a 7.5/10."
76561197971133280,Recommended,243470,10345069,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Dirtyshadow,"If you like Assassin's Creed, Sleeping Dogs or Dues Ex HR... you will like the elements of this game.Open World City Crime and Combat Simulation with the gimick that environmental items can be triggered by telekinesis called a ""smart phone"""
76561198082370093,Recommended,243470,10345962,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Syrup Drop,"The game's pretty good, if you can get it to work."
,Recommended,243470,13403165,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Sacrifist,Nice !! :D
,Recommended,243470,13420790,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,wigshaker,
,Recommended,243470,28016977,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Diamond Y,This is the best game I've ever played sure the graphics could be better but the gameplay is decent and the dialogue isn't very cringy but I like it so it get 4 stars :D !
,Recommended,243470,10878400,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Nightfire37,"Update: If you have 12 GBs of RAM, the game will run smoother. Right now I would give it a 7 now.In its current state right now is a very big NO!!!!! It needs tons of optimization before it is actually playable. The only way I have found to get a somewhat playable experience to download and install the e3 2012 graphics mod because apparently, its a little bit more stable with less frame dropping and studdering. I love the marking team though. ""We still believe that the game's graphics was not nerfed in any other way."" UBISOFT!!!!!!! Your digging a big hole. Emit it that the game was nerfed because from what I am seeing it clearing was.Ok enough with my rant here but how about the actual game from all things listed above set aside. I really really like the story. The game mechanics is very enjoyable. Oh getting chased by some cops I will hack a traffic light and escape. You will get a good kick at doing Blackouts while doing stealth missions. They saved my life a couple of times. Driving is ok, not the best in the world when it comes to physics. It seems like the focused their time on the bikes more then the cars. The water effects in just simply georgous. Whoever designed the water effects deserves to get a huge raise. It's by far better than any other game i've seen.It just annoys me at the fact that the game was released at such an unfinished, unpolished, and espectually nerfed graphics. The developers and Ubisoft in general need to own up to their mistakes and emit that the game was rushed and the graphics were clearly nerfed. They need to install the E3 2012 mod and see the differences.3/10 for its current state. 7/10 if they optimized it more. 8/10 if they optimized it with Ubi emiting that the graphics were nerfed and they say sorry for their mistakes."
76561197974302284,Recommended,243470,10434671,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Vashx,meh
76561198021574415,Not Recommended,243470,10280671,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Stone,"This game is total crap. Be prepared to get robbed of your $60. Graphics are severely lacking compared to the former, the controls may be ""optimized"" for a keyboard and mouse but the second you get into a car you find that it is near impossible to drive with even the slightest bit of control. You will also need a top dollar computer to be able to play at mid level settings."
76561198103502515,Not Recommended,243470,10280668,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,trippinondrugs,"Disapointing this game runs look and plays terrible. i got a i74470k, 32gb ram, dual Asus  gtx 780s OCIIs, and there's tearing and framerate drops. sounds like yous dont care about ground breakings pc gaming yous only care about the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ consoles."
,Recommended,243470,10502839,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Hunk Skinhub.com,"It's ok, but I never saw any of the DLC missions... once I beat the game, I got good at multiplayer and even found ways to set people up when they invaded my game... which was really fun... but then I got bored...It actually runs pretty well though... Sometimes the SLI is buggy but I think that has to do with the game's deal with nvidia... getting as many people as they can to go buy the most expensive card they can before they fix it...Sometimes if my SLI is on... my game will not start... but sometimes if I sorta sneak it on it will start and run fine... it actually runs fine even without the sli...people who are getting slow downs probably don't realize that they will not be able to run this game at max settings right if they do not have a 4gb or more gpu... so that puts a bunch of 780s (what 600 bucks? at the cheapest models new from evga that have dx) out in the cold.Even though you can run this game max settings... I actually have run it pretty well max settings with a 4930k and sli 550tis which are 2gbs a piece...All n all though, the story is fun... lots of good gameplay... but no replay value... no differences as far as I can tell... hopefully DLC comes out that totally changes the game... at least a coop story mode of some sort, or coop gang idk whatever... its good but not as good as it should have been."
76561198047449115,Recommended,243470,10259537,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,dudongu,Kinda dissapointing unfortunately . Repetative to say the least . Some new stuff but not awarding as i thought when Ubi anounced it . i have a preaty old rig and i managed to play a lot of games on max setings but this is just to much graphics wise . Over all a mediocre game . 5/10.
,Recommended,243470,10278649,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Lovetruffle,"Watch_Dogs is an Ubisoft success.  Great characters, conversations, solid gameplay concepts and a story that makes you want to go out of your way to ask ""why?""  This is one of the few games that I delved into all of the additional content of before making big decisions over who lives or dies at the hands of the Vigilante.  Even though the game was set up to be the first in a series it didn't feel like that fact was forced, the games enemies were revealed and taken out.  Getting a sense of closure between games is a nice change of pace from the Assassins Creed series that just felt like it was taking your wallet for a ride.There were some painful issues with controls not translating well to PC that I wont forget to mention.  Being forced to use the consolized inventory/crafting was a pain when a six more hotkeys could have solved a lot of problems.  Then there was the horror that was driving in which it was clearly made with the idea of joystick acceleration.  Thankfully they give you the ability to slow down time which helped deal with harsh turns in unresponsive cars.At the end of it all I can't help but think the game wasn't close to being a masterpiece had their vision been a bit more focused on giving more us campaign and less random world snooping to fill the playtime.  But Ubisoft will always cut their teams time when it comes to story/character building when up against release dates or budget.  Such is the flaw one should expect from this production company though."
,Recommended,243470,10259943,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,teapartypirate,Great game once you get past uplay and the constant crashing.  To stop the crashing update your graphics driver.  AMD released a new one for this game.
76561198028011854,Not Recommended,243470,17068487,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,madcowcancer,great idea. absolutely horrible execution. this is a super rushed piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥port. the controls literally could not be worse. the whole ♥♥♥♥ing thing is just super broken. didnt have any graphic issues except that the graphics sucked. do not waste your money. gd ubisoft.
,Recommended,243470,17340459,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Nichi,hell yea :)
,Recommended,243470,17328208,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Mangaman1001,"One of my favorite games! I love it.I don't understand how people with beast PCs have trouble running it, I have a i7-3770K@3.5GHz & GTX 770 4GB and I run it at max settings (high textures) fairly smoothly, it runs from 40 to 60fps, average is 50fps.I was a bit disappointed with the graphics at first because of the trailers, but I fixed this easily with The Worse mod which makes the game look much better, and also fixed the stuttering :PI love the story even if Aiden has less emotions than a rock xD The Bad Blood DLC is even better :DThe multiplayer is awesome too, but the Free-Roam mode can get a bit boring since you can't do much compared to GTA V, but the other game modes are amazing! I just wish people who doesn't use the Bad Blood DLC could play with those who use it xDAnyway, I would recommend this game to anyone who has a fairly powerful PC (since the optimization is still♥♥♥♥♥♥by default), you can get it on♥♥♥♥♥for like 2-3$ so it's 100% worth it :D"
,Recommended,243470,17328251,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,DJ TrainR3k,"Don't let all those Wouldn't Recommend reviews discourage you from getting the game! The only thing I have to say is MAKE SURE YOUR PC CAN RUN IT! The experience gets SEVERELY downgraded without the graphics quality. Also, I would also encourage you to get the deluxe edition ;)"
76561198059370755,Recommended,243470,14938875,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,SpawnCap,"Good GTA type game.  Only thing I didn't like in game was the music selection and no radio stations but other than that I enjoy it.  Graphics are good, also runs great on my i5 2500 Sapphire Vapor-X HD 7950 3 GB GPU.  Even runs smooth with The Worse Mod installed."
,Not Recommended,243470,14692426,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Kona,You like stuttering? Because buying this will give you just that.
,Recommended,243470,14072285,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,no staff mass not rdm,I love it has all my FAVORITE THINGS I HIGHLY RECOMEND IT. it has a epic story line that is unforgetable. if you llike being in control of everything or being a hero of the city A.K.A vigilante or be a menace to society i love this game!
,Recommended,243470,13586255,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Emolg/Sora,"Personally, I Really enjoyed watch_Dogs, I See loads of negative reviews on it, sure, everyone has their own opinion.The game is, in my opinion really enjoyable, sure, the graphics aren't what were shown at E3 or whatever but hey, graphics aren't all a game is, is it?I Do get some bugs with the game, for example, sometimes on the map the quest marker doesn't have the arrow it should have showing where it is, the game could do with a bit more optimization (I Think it was made more optimized in the last few updates, and I Have been noticing said bugs less and less)All in all, if you don't mind a few bugs and a spot of lag here and there I Would seriously recommend this game, though I Would suggest waiting for it to appear in a sale as it is a bit pricey."
,Recommended,243470,14472529,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,TJ,"Watch_Dogs was a very fun and interactive game. With the Graphics and Performance of the Game I would give it a 10/10. I honestly like the story of Aiden Pierce however there are parts of the storyline where I become confused with whats going on, really towards the beginning of the game. As you continue playing however, you earn a grasp on the concept of the game, from there the story line becomes awesome which is the reason I finished it in one weekend. With the various side missions, it allows you to take a step back from the story line to focus on other more ""important"" matters, such as stealing data, spying, etc. A reason I really enjoyed this game would be because of the fact that I am a programmer and huge computer enthusiast. I would recommend this game to anyone who like a open world adventure such as GTA where there is much to do. I personally am not a GTA fan but found Watch_Dogs very fun and would recommend to anyone. If you are also a shooter game person I would recommend you give this game a try. There is almost something for everyone, whatever their cup of tea might be. Watch_Dogs would have to be my favorite game of 2014 and I really hope a sequal to it is in the process as according to the game after you complete the campaign."
76561198060811426,Not Recommended,243470,13979565,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,big_nips,"Huge console port, I cant even run this that good on MEDIUM and I have Nvidia Geforce GTX 760"
76561198036172715,Recommended,243470,11411671,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Lensky,"Im a big fan.. I thought the gameplay was good as well as the story line.. Yes it took a while to get into, and its another GTA copy out there. But the hacking and digital elements were good and there were some original elements to the game play. It kept me hooked and I played it through, waiting for new DLC to come."
,Recommended,243470,11399633,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Lonerism.,"Pretty good honestly, the story is amazing.But after you finish the story it is a bit boring, unless you have a need to do EVERYTHING.Online gaming is pretty good also.8.9/10"
,Recommended,243470,10268202,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,VulcanJew,"I bought this game at launch and am having a lot of fun with it. There's so much to do and you can approach missions in whatever way you like. The driving felt a bit off to me at first but after an hour or two I got used to it and started to enjoy it much more. The hacking is so incredible, every time you feel like there's nothing you can do but run in guns blazing, you'll spot a little hacking node you didn't notice before and start screwing with the guys as they run around trying to figure out what is going on.It's fun to mess around with people but the story is also very interesting. Aiden's friends are all really messed up and really awesome. They have sick, twisted senses of humor and it makes them humorous to listen to. I definitely recommend this game to any fan of Grand Theft Auto, Deus Ex Human Revolution, Assassin's Creed or really any open world action game.The only issue I can bring up is Uplay. It's been down since the game came out and I haven't been able to play online with friends yet. This is very disappointing and I wish Ubisoft would just let us use Steamworks as it actually functions the majority of the time, unlike Uplay. Stop forcing us to use Uplay, it sucks!Also, I have played this game for about 42 hours and in that time the game has crashed my PC to blue screen at least 7 times. My drivers are all up to date, I turned down the graphical settings, it's a brand new, recently built PC and it still keeps happening. Until they fix it, I've stopped playing the game. So, keep that in mind."
76561198010050492,Not Recommended,243470,11562702,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,ZeroDaye,The game had real potential key word HAD.
,Not Recommended,243470,10383798,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,GOAT SLAYER,I can't even play. It just crashes after the Ubisoft loading screen. It's a shame too. I pre-ordered the deluxe edition. 0/10. Don't buy this crap.
76561197967144413,Recommended,243470,11401025,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Tasslehoff,"Only purchase if:- You fully intend to take advantage of the online features of invading other guys games, racing, etc.- They patched the issue with stuttering and bad fps- You have a pc above min specs- You enjoy the GTA type of games.if all of the above is true, buy it asap!"
,Recommended,243470,10302750,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Courtland,The game may seem hard at first because it takes street strategy to get through some of the missions and that is the glory of this game. I havn't played any game like this one since it is a new original idea. And there maybe a few problems since it was just released but I havn't had a single crash since I bought it. So yeah I'd recommend it. 8:>
,Recommended,243470,10325336,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Kh3M!C4L,this game is like gta but in a different way.you may need to set lower graphic options as optimisation patch are not out yet.Also a controller is recommended for car driving
76561198107360022,Recommended,243470,10301759,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Gin,"So much Fun!Campaing brings you the sense of the game,Online is equal too expienced players and newbies!I never get mad because its so techno!If there's bugs, its hidden, cause its a game about hacking/glitching!Best game of the decade10.5/10Word to developers, Ifyou can add a pirated detector on your gameyou could screw the game completely for pirates"
,Recommended,243470,10274633,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Marawder,"i dont see the problem, im an AMD user. and i run the game 120fps. i like it, i enjoy it, i dig it!."
,Recommended,243470,10405367,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Hellnutter,"It isn't optimized very well and there is a few lag spikes but the sotryline is good, better than most games in the open world genre and the graphics are good, even though they aren't as good as the E3 trailer. I would encourage you to get this game not only for the single player but also they online, the online hacking is very enjoyable and they other gamemodes are also fun to play but the online hacking is by far the best in my opinion."
,Not Recommended,243470,17736138,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,AlmightyShippo,"As much as I have enjoyed playing Watch_Dogs, I'm not sure I could ever recommend it.First things first, UPlay. Games in Steam need a big warning across the top of the store page if they require UPlay. Why do I need two DRMs to play a game?! Anyway... lets get to it:'Poor optimisation' seems to be the catch phrase for this game on PC, and I agree completely. The first time I ran the game, I clicked on New Game and was treated to a blank screen. After a minute or so of nothingness, I had the game crash, along with UPlay and Steam, all at the same time!Some parts of the game are fun. I love the gang hideout missions (going into a gang area and knocking out their leader), and the stealth gameplay mixed with hacking is great. As I'm sure others have mentioned in reviews though, there are some occasional mishaps with hacking. Sometimes, even though you aim at the person you want to hack, the game decides to blow something up instead.The driving in the game is where most of the poor optimisation shows itself. Apart from the driving mechanics being less than desirable, it can be very hard to drive when the game is stuttering as you transition from one sector to another... or sometimes just as you drive normally. Trying to chase someone in a car is frustrating, and should probably have been removed from the game. You need to either ramthem enough to get them to stop, or hack something in their path to stop them.The story? Well, something happened, someone died, blah blah blah... revenge. It is very cliched and predictable. Nothing really new here, just left over scraps of story rejected from other games.Overall, the game looks nice enough, and there are some fun moments. If you can deal with the bugs, there might be a decent game here. I paid about $20 for it, and I feel I paid for a game that was not ready for release. If they fix the game up, I might be willing to reconsider my opinion. It's hard to like a game when you are constantly frustrated by the game stuttering. With all the bugs, I feel like I'm playing Gothic 3 again.Graphics: 7/10Story: Haven't finished it yet, but so far 4/10Bugs: 11/10"
,Recommended,243470,10400005,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,aww shucks,"You may not be buying that game because its like GTA 5But no the two might look alike but Watch_Dogs is a whole different game if I would have to choose Watch_Dogs is better,The story is better and the driving isnt to different from GTA.From hacking traffic lights,bridges to god knows what else Watch_Dogs is awesome.Ive finshed the whole game there is shocking moments and alot other kinds.There is a store to change the way your character's clothing looks, there are tons of cars, and also 1v1 hacking battles with strangers online or with friends!There is multiplayer where you can tag team, go complete rampage killing spree!Dont just not get it because you think its a ripoff of GTA its better and the clips are beautiful!So save up your money now and get Watch_Dogs and have the most fun from a game you have had in a long time and after you get it hopefully you agree with me how good the story, driving, and how all everything is awesome and not bad at all in Watch_Dogs-TAT Founder| Catbug :-)"
,Recommended,243470,13274809,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Más o Mentos,"I'm gonna keep this short. This game was actually kind of fun. This is actually worth getting, but only if under $35."
,Not Recommended,243470,12820828,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,fudwud,If it didn't have an underscore in the title it would be good
,Recommended,243470,16921981,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,obliterator789,"I really enjoyed this game. Very well written storyline that had me playing for hours at a time, and great gameplay. There's only a few annoyances, such as how simplified most of the hacking is (press a button and you hack anything) otherwise the combat system was pretty simple to use. I'd find myself sniping guards with the silenced pistol most of the time however, as a lot of the missions force you to incorporate stealth. Hacking 'mini-games' where you connect pipes of energy were pretty lame.Overall, 8/10"
,Recommended,243470,16924766,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,JRBlood,"Keeping the reviews short, I don't understand all the hate behind W_D. I love this game and it's a nice break from the typical GTA/Saints Row/______ games. Puzzles, different attack styles, and the voyer in me are enjoying this game."
,Recommended,243470,16931174,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,explodingcamera LUL,"I REALLY enjoed Watch_Dogs, but don't buy the deluxe edition like me, its♥♥♥♥♥♥ I bought the game for 15€ and its definitely not worth 30€, buy it only if the game is on sale."
76561198179849315,Recommended,243470,17098595,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,kachigga my niBBa,GET THIS GAME ON CONSLE IT LAGS SO MUCH ON A BAD COMPUTER. I TRIED FREE ROAMING THE GAME FROZE I STARTED CLICKING ON MY MOUSE AND WHEN IT UN FREEZUS IM LIKE EVIL AND COPS ARE ON MEafter that rage i got a new better computer i started to like this game but i bought it twice once on pc and once on ps4 so get to be the game twice
76561198163285929,Recommended,243470,17999316,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Mr_Xtreme_Pshyco_COOKIEMONSTER,Its da best game of da year i recomend it to people who like to hack
,Recommended,243470,10253841,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Chad,"Ive Played this game for 5 Hours straight know! There is nothing i dislike about this game, who doesnt want to cause a blackout with just a mobilie phone, or cause an accident by changeing the traffic lights, or even hacking into peoples banks accounts!The driving is in between GTA 5 and Saints Row but i like it. Gun action is like GTA 5 and i like that too. hahaha.But Overall this game is defo worth it and i addwise anyone with the money to buy this game, you will have lots of fun!!!!11/10EDIT: MAKE SURE YOU HAVE GOOD COMPUTER (VERY GOOD) GAME SEEMS TO BE QUITE HARD TO RUN, I THINK WHEN PATCH'S ARE RELEASED THEN GAME WILL BE MORE STABLE = MORE FPS!"
,Recommended,243470,10683894,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,trick,"ive been a lucky one, and had almost no issues with this game whatsoever. as for the people compaining about the graphics not being the same as e3, install theworst's mod and carry on. modding is one of the beautys of pc games.as for gameplay, it reminds me most of saints row iv, with a bunch of tiny side missions that take no real time, a few minigames here and there, and a story that doesnt really matter in the grand scheme of things. the multiplayer leaves a lot to want, theres no coop and the best part for me is just free roaming.keeping in mind i've had no performance issues, and now with the mod it looks just like the e3 trailer, 7/9"
,Recommended,243470,10256341,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,PimpJuiceGoldenNuts,DO NOT BUY THIS GAME YET UNTILL THEY FIX THE UPLAY SERVERS AFTER THE UPLAY IS FIXED I WOULD Recoment
,Not Recommended,243470,15707472,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Jimbles Notronbo,"I have this game on my Xbox, i love this game, but not on pc. It always crashed when it was downloaded. Get it on a console if you have one."
76561198055206205,Recommended,243470,10270902,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Buckeyes,Love it
76561198113431149,Not Recommended,243470,13657501,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Simon''Ghost''Riley,"When i load my goddamn game, it crashes, or during the loading screen it still crashes and during cutscenes it crashes"
,Recommended,243470,10735497,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,"""KYLE""",This Is a really good game! I think it is better than GTA. Highly recommend this!
76561198061789597,Not Recommended,243470,13843425,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Starboy ¯\_(ツ)_/¯,Don't let the hype overtake you.
,Not Recommended,243470,13848837,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Tiny Tom,"Watch_Dogs follows the story of Aiden Pearce, a lead character who's personality rivals that of Claude Speed in GTA 3....I'll cut to the chase - you'll get a few hours out of Watch_Dogs but it is full of technical issues and requires Uplay to run.I can't help but feel this game would have been great had it been made by a developer under any other publisher.What is Ubisoft doing?"
,Not Recommended,243470,13850774,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Number 7,"I want my money back, not from steam but from ubisoft, I bought this game long ago before I upgraded my PC.I bought this game because I thought it would be awesome to play, and I was planing to upgrade my PC, but when I upgraded it, the game sucked♥♥♥♥♥ my PC is high ranked and I can't even play the damn game without a single lag, even in the lowest settings.UBISOFT, you are♥♥♥♥♥♥ it is obvious you made the game extreamly bad for PC, I don't know why you did this you ♥♥♥♥♥, but I want a refund on that lil piece of crap that costs so much to not even function properly."
,Not Recommended,243470,14582072,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Knapers,BEST GAEM EVAR 11/10
,Recommended,243470,10372506,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Teqno,"In terms of the game itself its acctually alot fun, the story and concept i find is fantastic. i definitely recommend this game. But there were some faults in the game like trouble starting the game via uPlay and some suttering in game. The worst thing about this game though is that it is badly optimized especially for AMD hardware (that includes AMD CPU's and GPU's).Overall you should buy this definitely buy this game :)8/10"
76561198019755430,Recommended,243470,10253972,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Joeja,"To bad Uplay is extremly stupid and makes me rage and stick my head in a ♥♥♥♥ing pie out of maddnes, besides that i expected the graphics to be better. But other than that, great gameRecommended."
,Recommended,243470,10659623,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,wasp,"Good game, did start crashing when I first got it but that has stopped. Uplay isn't good though."
76561198018443968,Not Recommended,243470,10277964,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,TheRocan002,♥♥♥♥♥ass game fix your servers
,Not Recommended,243470,13701044,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Starfinger,"First steam review.I put up with UPlay for a couple of other Ubisoft games. But this. This one enrages me.I waited for this game to go on sale. I bought it, in spite of the atrocious reviews it has received. My gaming rig has handled Skyrim and other games. Watch Dogs, however, refuses to load.There's no clear indication that it fails because of UPlay. But I'm♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥because I'm out several dollars. So -- get something else. Or get it on another device that circumvents the uPlay install."
76561198136568206,Recommended,243470,13749998,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,51George,I LOVE IT!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,243470,13810175,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,♛ Javicle ♛,♥♥♥♥  THE COMPANY USELESS SO LAGGY AND GOT SOME BUG THIS GAME ITS A SCAM 40+ SCAM AWAY
,Recommended,243470,14509105,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Joseph Stalin,"I just don't get why people don't like this game...There are many reasons why people don't like this game that make no sense.Most people say is because how to get the game starting. Listen, all you have to dois get Ubiplay, make an account if you dont have one, and click play.The other reason why people don't like it is because of the graphics.The graphics are like every other realistic game.Now, the reason why I like the game is because the gameplay and story is unique and fits the theme of the game.This is the first TPS game I've played in my life and I like it.Giving the player the ability to hack anything thats connected to a network that fills a giant city is a genius idea.Using that ability can get you to the goal of your misson.If you never heard of the plot of Watch_Dogs then it quickley unfolds the plot.This makes gameplay more easy because you know who your fighting with.The ending of the game is good because I can have a whole city to mess around withand discover something I diden't notice while I was playing the story.10/10"
,Recommended,243470,14946405,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Modkin,"In my opinion, this game lives up to the hype. I much prefer it to games like GTA V and Saints Row 3 & 4. A+++"
,Not Recommended,243470,10689204,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,BrigzZ,"Before you take this as just a bad review, please read.This game was very hyped up from the moment it was announced until the day it was released. Heck, even I bought into the hype of it. Don't get me wrong this game is a very good game, but there are certain aspects of it that make me not able to recommend this game.Like the fact that unless you are extremely dead set on playing though the story you will never finish it. There is so much to do on the map that there is TOO MUCH. Things are constantly popping up asking you to do this, or join an online session. To the point where you almost forget there is a story. The story isn't bad either.Tl;dr Too much stuff happening to actually enjoy the game."
,Recommended,243470,13297269,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,RagingBlastoise,A good game to play to kill some time I just wish that the Uplay actions would work for me
76561198043901254,Recommended,243470,10556317,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,ZIIG2116,Not bad... Not amazing either. 6.5/10
76561198088944628,Recommended,243470,19642980,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Greaky,READ THE REQUIREMENTS !!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,243470,24499190,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Mr. person,"... Who is the autistic ♥♥♥♥ who wrote this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥storyline? Adien is suppose to be stealth, but its kind of hard seeing that WHEN HE GOES AROUND SHOWING HIS ♥♥♥♥ING FACE ALL OVER THE CAMERAS. Honestly, how was he suppose to succeed? I agree with every villian in the game, there is no way in hell that he should have completed anything at all. He left too many loose ends and never thinking of his actions an arrogent ♥♥♥♥-tard who thinks he's safe because he where's a hat and trench coat? I mean the concept is cool and the game looks great and Adien's character has a certian charm, until he goes guns a blazing where ever he feels like it."
,Recommended,243470,10645519,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Japancakes,God damn Clara is a HOT ♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,243470,10721366,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Mushu,"Great game, you can blow things up and hack innto things. Car physics kinda sucks but who cares right?"
76561198084718225,Recommended,243470,10722550,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,BATMAN,so much fun.
,Recommended,243470,10723974,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Dr. Peppermint,gameplay - fun fun fun fun fun funstory - who are you people what am i doing here why i am shooting this guy did that villan just die in two missions am i supposed to care what is even going on
76561198097786361,Recommended,243470,10708910,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Neur0breed,Accidentally ranover the guy I was supposed to be hacking before killing myself with a steampipe.10/10 Would spin bridges again
,Not Recommended,243470,10722453,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,skt_Thomas,"If you ever have the luck to even start this game, you'll find a bland and boring third-rate GTA clone with little charm. Downright horrible characters, boring and unsatisfying gameplay, gritty and grey and just not very pretty to look at, much less play. Do not give Ubisoft your money, please. Play something better from a better company instead."
,Recommended,243470,11074819,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Jay Gridley,"Even though it seems a lot of people are disappointed in this game, I rather enjoyed. Some of the missions, random crashes in the middle of missions, occasional frame rate loss, and a section during the final mission that makes you want to throw a controller through a monitor were annoying, the overall game was still enjoyable. I enjoyed the story and the gameplay. Could Ubisoft learn a few things and make a better game? Absolutely. But don’t let the negativity stop you from enjoying the story."
76561197993756212,Recommended,243470,10995291,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Stabbykins,"I have over 30 hours of gameplay in this game and I have not finished the game yet. That is mostly because I go around and do most sidequests and I get sidetracked. This game is definately more fun this way. If you strictly play the campaign, you'll be done in about 10, but I like to make pleasure last :P Definately worth the money. Don't tell this to everybody, but I like it better than GTA sssssshhhhhhh."
,Recommended,243470,10877628,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,shadowinvain,nothing bad about it :)
76561198020052905,Recommended,243470,10289765,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Killer3p0,"I am writing this review because of all of the bad reviews out there. This game is fun, and I enjoy playing it. The only problem is that it is poorly optimized. So for the tme being I would hold off on buying the game until Ubisoft release a patch to fix the problems."
,Recommended,243470,10259210,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,zenongreat,"Lower Anti-Aliasing and you're good to go!Game does not lag at all, haven't had any problems except messing with my sound...  If you don't like it, oh well I guess but I mean it was over-hyped.8/10"
,Recommended,243470,10271744,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,M3p0,"Slow to start but once i got going the game really unfolded.  The scenery is awesome and the city is sprawling and huge. The story is gritty and hacking other players is a unique and fun experience.  It is a tense moment when other players join your game and try to hack you.  from a gameplay standpoint its a 9/10. My only complaint is that i have an SLI setup and i get very little performance bump when using 1 gpu vs 2 gpu.  40-70 FPS (SSD, i5 3550, gtx 660ti sli, 8gb 1600 ram)"
,Recommended,243470,10278558,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,AverageJoshh,"Even though this game feels a lot like Assassins Creed and there are a fair amount of things that could have been made better, I really enjoyed the gameplay and story line of this game! And unlike a lot of games, the ending was actually pretty good! Very fun and hopefully DLC will make up for its flaws."
,Recommended,243470,10256866,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,MENTRA,A Really Nice game :) you should buy it
,Recommended,243470,10259011,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,gchrisb,"when i first played the game it was very laggy, especially when driving. But nvidea came out with an update and its running a lot better. I am running an i5 3470 8gb ram and an asus gtx 660 oc on Ultra settings with AA and vsync on, and detailes on high settings. every now and then i get a little stutter and the game has crashed 1 time after a few hours of play. also I went to the Nvidea control panel and set the 3D settings to default and that helped a lot! I hear a lot of people with even better setups than mine playing on normal graphic settings that are not doing good, maybe just try tweaking your settings more. The game play is fun anf the graphics are awesome! I dont think it lived up to the hype though but ive been running around for hours hacking and unlocking things, i havent really started the campaign yet."
,Not Recommended,243470,10260359,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Pickle Rick,"Cant even get through the starting mission due to frozen screens, hard controls and Uplay just being a giant pain in the♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,243470,10261988,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Lunafreya Nox Fleuret,Card AMD= Lagging
,Recommended,243470,10278777,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Dogwelder,"Quick review:This game is good, not great.  Unless you really want it, pick it up when it goes on sale.However, I'm really looking forward to the sequel when they'll hopefully take all the stuff that makes this game interesting and build on it.Shame about the Uplay crap, but unlike some people, it hasn't been a problem for me."
,Not Recommended,243470,10268311,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Teloc Vovim,Gets boring and repetitive very quick. Wont be playing much at all! waste of money
,Not Recommended,243470,23520969,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Carl,"Totally tone deaf.I like being a subversive, fight the man, robin-hood hacker.Unfortunately, this game is about being a psychopathic wizard murderer. Quit playing after a mission was interrupted by a guy counter-hacking me (cool) which I needed to hunt down (cool) and then kill (not cool). I ended up chasing him and just whacking him with my baton. Mission over. I successfully killed him. (what?!)My efforts to reframe the activities in the game into the narrative I wanted are thwarted at every turn. Why, exactly, am I instructed to buy an assault weapon at a gun shop in the loop, and how am I able to do this without any sort of background check or other means of circumventing the all-knowing powers of CtOS? This game makes no sense.Also, the cars come to full stops at stop signs, and then hold their for 30 seconds, patiently waiting for their turn. Totally unrealistic."
76561198033078349,Recommended,243470,23546058,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Reviresco.McEwan,"Even though this game gets a lot of bad reviews, I think it is pretty solid. I imagine you need a newer graphics card and a lot of RAM for it to look nice and function at a good framerate, but if you do, then it is a pretty great game.Since the publisher was able to have so many varied NPCs, it seems like they could have also made their character customizable. That said, Aiden Pearce is a pretty intriguing character with a fairly interesting story.Just in case this might also sound intriguing to some: this game's world reminds me of a modern day Assassin's creed and it is not like the GTA games (thankfully- sorry to fans of that franchise).It you want a lot of varied missions and tasks this game may not be for you, but if you would like an immersive world in which your imagination can have a little room to play, this is a worthwhile game to buy.I would recommend buying this game while it is on sale, but that is my general philosophy anyway."
76561198033499898,Recommended,243470,23519965,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,[Mr]FancyPantz,"okay so this is what happened, i broke into a compound, snuck past all the guards, ♥♥♥♥ed some dude up, then had to escape, a♥♥♥♥♥♥storm of henchmen rained down on me including a chopper, so i just bolted out of the compound and grabbed the nearest car, drove literally all of the city trying to escape and ended up in a marina yard where people store their boats on trailers near the water, i had to hack a gate to get into the yard and then hack the gate closed just in time to stop the henchmen, all of their cars smashed into the gate and i quickly hacked up a garage door to park and hide. Whew it finally over.... or was it? ♥♥♥♥ no, the henchmen get out their ♥♥♥♥ing cars and storm the yard on foot taking up all kinds of strategic positions as they close in on the tiny garage I've locked myself in, trapped i exit through a side door and take cover... then therrree waassss a fiirrrre figggght, guns blazing i take them down 1 at a time but the chopper is still overhead shining all kinds of lights on me, the main gate is jammed up from the three henchmen cars that rammed into it earler, trapped the only way out is in the water, i dive in and swim around, hello, i found a boat, sneak on board, and sail into the sunset escaping the clutches of the evil light in the sky.One of the best gaming experiences of my life.Game runs like clockwork, liquid smooth on a gtx 680, no crashes. Guess all the bugs are fixed by now."
76561198027755965,Recommended,243470,23521384,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,redsidhe,It's like GTA meets shadowrun.
,Recommended,243470,23521791,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,BURST,Recomended Action RPG Very NC GG
,Recommended,243470,23522499,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,hcx426,Cool
,Not Recommended,243470,23644543,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Radergan,"Out of a possible 10 points, I'd give this game a 6.5.I am a lifelong Chicago resident and it lost some points based on how they painted my hometown. Some parts were okay, some were way out there; overall, a lackluster portrait of the city.The pace of the story is good. The missions take turns between stealthy ""don't get detected"" type things and guns-blazing ""take the target out"" type things. Either are often frustratingly hard even on the easiest setting. In fact, I am not convinced that the difficulty settings of this game control much.The game, outside of the story, feels shallow. The world feels kind of hollow and empty for an open world game, and with the unconvincing portrait of my hometown I am not inclined to give it more than a 6.5 / 10.You can't jump in this game.It has its moments of fun, and the pacing of the story is good.Watch_Dogs loses major points when it comes to combat, controls, and overall frustration/tedium incurred by the player.Under what circumstance, realistically, could an enemy survive two grenade launches to the face? In the world of Watch_Dogs, that'll be the kind of stuff you have to maneuver around in order to complete a level. It's that breach of realism, committed ubiquitously throughout, that makes this whole thing a frustrating, tedious 'meh'.Not a horrible game, but a tedious slog to be sure."
,Not Recommended,243470,23658318,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,slender mussel,dissapointment/10
,Recommended,243470,10405134,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Juan-Deag,"I would recomend this game to someone, who likes Games like GTA5 etc. I really love this game it is even more fun with the Hacking abillties avaliable throught the game that you unlock. :) I really Love to play this game because it is packed with so much stuff to do and the story line is Good aswell. There are some issues but what do you exspect from a game, that is barnd new and Even Bf4 had some bugs when it came out. Anyways apart from That This game is Fantastic overall, I would Rate a 10/10"
76561198131594818,Not Recommended,243470,23566785,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,S-4OK1 // X.FINITY,"After A long time i played, now save game are gone just because i installed wiindows OS, anyone have save game from begining of act 3??and ubisoft for what if i play this game u say ""synchronized save game from cloud save"" just in case u not save my save game DAMN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I USE TO START FROM BEGINING NOWWith COPS handling vehicle is so hard, harder than THE GRID AUTOSPORT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Trash Trash Trash"
,Recommended,243470,10260077,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Filthy Frank /,Great game!
,Recommended,243470,10275317,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,DatPanda,"I have not had any problems playing this game.It sucks to see so many people having issues with it.I think the game is worth the money, but with what everyone else is saying you should probably wait before purchasing this title.SPECS:AMD Athlon II X4 650 Processor8.0GB RAMNVIDIA GeForce GTX 660 Ti"
,Recommended,243470,22847839,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Avoider74,More like the ctOS creator forgot to change the default root user's access password.
76561198054401501,Not Recommended,243470,20873181,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,slerbu,"Rubbish, need I say more?"
76561197984819909,Not Recommended,243470,10423234,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Hobbes,"Really shallow game. There seems to be very little to do in it. Casual ♥♥♥♥ing about is prevented by an annoying ""karma"" system. Everytime a civilian or a policeman gets injured you get punished with negativekarma. This results in people calling the cops on you as you walk down the street. This is made increasingly annoying as Aiden Pierce (our hero protagonist) is unable to shoot out his car as he's driving it, leading to long boring escape attempts. The poor handling and general poor quality of the driving in the game further enhances this pain in the♥♥♥♥♥mechanic. You are however given a number of ""cool"" hacks, meaning you can ♥♥♥♥ up trafficlights, bridges, roadblockers. But these are generally varrying degrees of underwhelming.The story in the game is also pretty lame. There is one way to go through, no choices, no way to do the missions in a certain order. Basicly its just a->b->c. And this dramaticly decreases if not completely eliminates replayvalue. The missions are of varying awesomeness with a few being cool, but most just turning into a shootout / chase / camerahackminigame. The game will ♥♥♥♥ you over multiple times in a play through. It will fail to notify you of losing conditions, it will insist on interrupting gameplay with long phone conversations during which most actions are prohibited. If you save and return to the game later. you'll have to listen to this♥♥♥♥♥♥again (apparantly Aiden suffers from memory loss).The game has some fun shooting gameplay, but the moments are few and far between. They do glow brightly but is far overshadowed by leaps in logic and general ""bull talk"". Feels like ubi had a great idea, then realized along the way that being a hacker is not really all that exciting and decided to make rambo with a cool phone the game.I would not recommend this game, as there are far better openworld games out there that should grab and hold your attention far longer than this, overhyped, overpriced, disappointment."
,Recommended,243470,12932476,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,D3M0N,love it all u haters dont know what your talking about
,Recommended,243470,10280233,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,[>StK<] GusDreyer,"Great game, some minor details must be worked on, but all around it´s a great game."
76561198285886083,Recommended,243470,29076103,Posted: 6 January,all,xXHawiianboyXx,Best game i currently have
76561197971825130,Recommended,243470,10264618,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Haapy,"I'm really torn on this one.This was supposed to be a PC game with console ports. Somehow that seems to have gotten flipped? And the game is *much* worse for it. The UI is distilled♥♥♥♥♥♥ The graphics are nothing like what were promised (still pretty, but could have been more if they hadn't dropped 'em to fit on consoles). And they don't seem to have optimizsed the graphics pipeline at all. If I play on ultra, it's beautiful still-frames; high gives me horrific frame rates; even on low there's a ton of latency any time things start happening, like getting shot at (and I have a decent PC). Also the whole uPlay thing is just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.On the other hand, the game feels really good to play (apart from the above). I like the 'hacking' magic phone mechanic, I really enjoy the camera-hopping puzzles, the city feels huge and alive. I really wish I could play more, but I can't do anything that involves combat or driving without quite a bit of frustration due to the game's other issues. They look fun? I don't know, tho, 'cause at 5 frames per second it's really hard to tell.I'd say, in it's current state, don't buy it. But once Ubi post-launch-patches it, definitely pick it up. Unless you've got a god-box for a gaming rig, then pick it up now if you can stand playing with medium-to-low graphic settings ;oP The problems are huge, but they're the fixable ones. The core game is good, if you can get to it."
,Not Recommended,243470,10966823,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,(｡◕‿‿◕｡) Cryaetix,"Over advertised. Hacking gets boring, and driving sucks. Nothing compared to GTA."
,Recommended,243470,10275922,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Neep,"OMG UPLAY FAILED ON DAY 1! GIVE IT A THUMB DOWN!Ok, so the day one problems for Uplay are gone, and we're left with a fully functioning (if you're not an AMD chump, I guess) PC copy of Watch Dogs. How is it?Well it all depends on how much you like open world games, and how recently you've played GTA. Why do I say this? I'm one of few people who as of the time of writing (almost june, '14) I haven't played GTA 5, and I freaking love this game. People who've played some gta5 seem to enjoy the game, where people who've completed GTA 5 seem to be all ""at first I was 0_0 now I'm like -_- ""Let's the the inevitable GTA comparison out of the way: It drives a little worse and shoots a lot better. Well compared to GTA 4 (as I said, no 5 yet for me). There are stealth missions that feel ripped from splinter cell, and some light environmental traversal puzzles that feel very reminiscent of Assassin's Creed. Ubisoft takes a page out of Rockstar's book by taking elements from other games in their catalogue and fitting them into an open world crime sandbox.Now we've all heard a lot about this hacking thing, yes? It's true, that after a while the whole ""Hey, this girl likes board games! That guy was in a porn! That chick is a cthulhu enthusiast!"" gets kinda old, but the hacking as it fits into driving and escaping cops is truely a good time. Using bullet time while driving and activating road hazards to throw off the fuzz is one of the great thrills of this game, and reminds me of Burnout at times.The hacking while not driving is not bad either. The router puzzles are a very welcome minigame element for hacking, and compared to say the AC4 hacking (which was in itself pretty good) it looks even better. Hell these parts could be sold separately for $5 as a solid puzzle game.Escaping the cops is very well done, as it takes heavy advantage of the above mentioned hacking. You also have the option of killing the ignition and sliding down in the driver's seat to evade cops. This is fantastic, and every open world game should have it. Also, being able to jamm someone's call to 911 after you engange in some ""less than savory behavior"" is a hugely welcome addition.The seamless online interactions are ground breaking, and extremely memorable. It's extremely satisfying to catch some intruder in your game, and kill their dumb faces before they can get away. It's almost as fun when you invade someone else's game and try to take their data before they find and try to kill YOUR dumb face. Not quite as revoltionary as AC's multiplayer, but it produces almost as many memorable moments. Truely the online components are some of Watch Dog's biggest jewels in it's lop sided crown.Now, before I get into the negatives, let me finish by talking about how great the graphics are.  If you can run on high or ultra, this game is going to look REALLY nice.  There's some dropped frame issues, but if you scale things properly to your rig, and enable extra Vsync and pre-rendered gpu frames, you can skirt those issues nicely.So what's not so great about it?The story is a little bit of a mess. Unlike many reviewers, I can't fault the game for having a cast of ""too many"" bad guys. It's freakin Chicago, is it really a surprise that there's more than 1 blatantly ""bad"" person in town? But yes, the story feels a little disembodied and certainly early on it could do with more fleshing out.The game breaks down a little further when you're in less metroplitan areas of the game. And as I said before, the driving is a little mediocre. It's very passable, but could have been executed better. Compared to how fluid and polished the stealth and free running are, the driving stands by comparison as slightly weaker.Overall the game is very solid, and very fun. It's not the ground shattering new IP that people wanted, rather a good blending of many game elements that ultimately is more than the sum of it's parts.  B+"
,Recommended,243470,10276515,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,DYNA.M1X™,"My first review after 24h playtime:+ graphics+ sound+ story+ campaign time (around 24h for an average player)+ secondary missions and targets+ possibilities+ single player and multiplayer mixed in one open world+ car models+ plausibility of the engine (cizitens, city, cars, environment)+ level of difficulty+ fun factor+ cost-performance ratio+ fun factor- uplay bugs (on the first two evenings after release the ubisoft / uplay servers went down)Conclusion:To play watch_dogs on its highest performance you need a high-end pc (CPU: i5 3.4 GHz or higher, GPU: 2GB or higher).AMD is not recommended by the developer but some friends are using an AMD CPU without any deductions while playing watch_dogs.In my opinion watch_dogs is its money worth. It's a new genre of video games, kind a mix of GTA IV and Splinter Cell.After 24h playing within 2 days I don't get bored a second. Perhaps that will change after I finished the campaign and all secondary missions but as long as I havent reached 100% of the campaign it brings fun.Finally I just can recommend that game for everybody that likes open world that you can find in similar games like GTA."
76561198041824816,Recommended,243470,29241517,Posted: 13 January,all,CHILD PRODIGY☮,"It's a good game.But, the PC port is absolutely terrible, worse then batman.And the driving is kinda meh, but it's doable, people just love to complain.I reccomend this for the core game, find a way to fix the cancerous port, and you'll enjoy the game a lot."
76561197960283155,Recommended,243470,10276237,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Demigod001,"Great game. Yes its buggy at launch but it is still a great game. Have patiance and you can sneak or run and gun. Bugs need to be fixed and it is missing some effects from the e3 2012 demo but most are there. The comparison video posted to you tube a few days past is done at a different time of day and different weather conditions so its not a very good comparison.Like most open world games it rewards exploring and generally messing around. The story is compelling and well acted.It is fun and what more does a game need to be?Edit: The aftermathWell I just finished it and does the above still hold true? For the most part yes.The last few hours or so it does fall down and the major plot points are very telegraphed almost to the point of pantomime. Without spoilers it doesn't have a happy ending or a sad one. Its and expected ending but satisfying. It clearly sets up a sequel.Will I play it again?Yes, when it has been patched.I look forward to the sequel where they will fix many of the problems this games does have and hopefully they will have given Aidan some throat sweets."
76561197973776200,Not Recommended,243470,16614692,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,jockdajg,"I wish I had taken notice of the other reviews, this game is dire on par with COD ghosts, Assassins Creed unity e,t,c.Save your money get another game"
,Recommended,243470,10598337,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,dirty_deads,"Its a lot of fun, seems like it uses a lot of cpu power. My computer handels it, but just uses a ton."
,Recommended,243470,13656262,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Cill Bosby,"Its a good game for quite a while! I am at a point where it seems repetitive and I have stopped playing the misisons and I am just free roaming. This game seems both ahead of its time but at the same time its behind. Many aspects could have been improved, but overall gameplay is farely well and worth buying when it is on sale for >$30.Also it costs like $3.50 online at a certain website that sells games for cheap and it starts with a G then theres a 2 and then finally theres an A and a .com                soooooooo yea. buy it there.R8 8/10"
,Recommended,243470,10983860,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,SUPREME_MASTER17,It gud. Nuff sed.
76561198005478925,Recommended,243470,27841347,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,ponsipons,Meh
76561198114789149,Not Recommended,243470,15271845,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Wicked Bitch of the West,I'd rather eat a lighter and wash it with gasoline than play this garbage.
,Recommended,243470,13468807,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,"D+F2, fF2, 3, 1, 2, 3, fF1+4, F3",I found that a female kid psychologist had a♥♥♥♥♥♥ and enjoys watching torture porn.10/10 best creepy♥♥♥♥♥♥simulator 2014
,Not Recommended,243470,14913167,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Echo,"Well Iv had this game since release. Its now 3/15/2015, and still im dissapointed. I was one that was hyped from the E3 conference. I waited and waited for its realese, only to be stopped in my tracks when the game wasnt fully functional day one.Random blocks of concrete all around the city prevent me from seeing the enemys looking for me, or the objective I have to obtain. Its not quite game breaking until you are on a mission ""indoors"" going through the cameras and a large concrete block is mistaken as a wall, but really there is another camera on the other side of this imaginary block. Several times this glitch got me killed, if I cound post a recording of this rediculous happening I would.Next I want to address the other ... graphical issues.Lets just start with the recommended requirements listed here on the steam store.Processor: Eight core - Intel Core i7-3770 @3.5 GHz or AMD FX-8350 X8 @ 4 GHzMemory: 8 GB RAMGraphics: DirectX 11 graphics card with 2 GB Video RAM - Nvidia Geforce GTX 560 ti or AMD Radeon HD 7850Processor, you can see they dont even know what processor you should have. 8 core I7 3770 at 3.5GHz??? What the ♥♥♥♥ is that? Then they lowball the graphics card requirement. If you want to play this game on ultimate settings, without frame rate drop, you will need at least a GTX 770 with 4GB of GDDR. Please dont expect the same quality as shown at E3.The FPS is horrible! This impacts driving, shooting, and cutsceens. Its almost unplayable at times. I find myself thinking wow that looks really really bad, or♥♥♥♥♥♥.. am I in the Matirx everything just went slowmo?!?The random hackers or ""fixers"" in your game will♥♥♥♥♥♥you off to no end. The one thing they got right is allowing you to turn that♥♥♥♥♥♥off. Its never fun when your about 50m away from your next mission then someone starts hacking you. WTF is that all about. Its not fun, its not cool, its just straight up ♥♥♥♥ing annoying.The story is mediocre at best. You play Aden Pierce a hacking vigilanty who lost someone close to him. You are now out with a vengence. Great idea, till the end when everything you just did sort of makes sense... Im not even sure that was an ending honestly. Its more like a huge build up for a dissapointing finish, that leaves you wanting more.If your going to buy this, make sure its on sale. Ubisoft, I used to respect you, all the great and uniqe games being pumped out of your hole. It makes me very sad that your fans mean absolutly nothing to you. Now to be fair, the developers have great ideas, such as watchdogs, but then they dont deliver. Instead we are given an unfinished product and laughed at when we complain about the issues. WE ARE NOT A JOKE OR YOUR CASH COWS!!!Ubisoft, I am still to this day a fan of your franchises. That is until you check out AC Unity, now im not so sure.Story: 7/10Gameplay: 7/10Graphics/Requirements: 5/10Satisfaction upon completion: 3/10Thank you Ubisoft for showing us you really dont give a♥♥♥♥♥♥-Echoplex"
76561197989256109,Recommended,243470,10889642,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,andamajigs,"Cool concept, but seems a little too much like GTA."
76561198082452922,Recommended,243470,10891618,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,The Real Slim Shady,"Definitely love this game its very cool, big campain and pretty good multi player. It has alot of action in some parts and and big map. (driving is kinda hard) but you'll get used to it."
,Recommended,243470,10891117,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Axiomatic,I like ham!
76561198060189206,Recommended,243470,10894119,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Sky,"Awesome game, but slight stutter still perists"
,Recommended,243470,10894366,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,skitz.,"Ha... Best game on steam at the moment, Having fun Online , and other things i recomend this game!"
,Recommended,243470,10890253,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,mmoestre,I don't understand all of the haters on here.  Watch_Dogs is a fun game where you can f### around and engage in immersive shoot outs.  Granted the bugs have been annoying me but with the recent patch it should make this game even better.
,Recommended,243470,14572336,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Def,"W_D, my god was it real good.To people having graphical issues please change your video card. (Unless you did that then... .-.)Pros:-Good storyline, actually enjoyed it!-Great soundtrack, had some feels at some parts of the game-The genre of this game was a new, and really good mix between hacking and open-world-Quite a big open-world to play in, many districts.-Good character, their background was good.Cons:-Graphic issues, E3's demo's graphics were better than the final game product-Overhyped, ""The first game to be NEXT-GEN""-AI can definitely be improved, not saying there are any glitches or bugs-Uplay, one of the most annoying things in Ubisoft games-Only NEXT-GEN consoles have the free-roam featurePoints I want to point out:-It was definitely good to release a new series for a game as I stopped playing Assasin's Creed after the third game.Conclusion:This game is good really, but because it was too overhyped, it affected sales. Had a solid story.9.6/10Sequel is highly anticipated by me-DTC (Defalt The Critic)"
,Recommended,243470,22284787,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,porkchappe,"This is easily a really good game. The campaign is at least 16-20 hours (May look like I have 45, I left it on over night), and after that you can explore the open world, and do mini-missions and all that. 9.5/10"
,Recommended,243470,29157526,Posted: 9 January,all,恶堕的作に,i have phone，i have ctos，哼，ctos phone
76561198002283881,Not Recommended,243470,21096520,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Depreciation,"This game is not as bad as people say it is.1. Yes, this is a ubisoft PC game.2. Yes, the graphics are not like the overbuffed trailers that led up to release.3. Uplay...nuff said.Regarding those 3 things that knock the game from great status...okay, I can't even defend this game.Aiden as a character is written like a dominoes pizza. Cardboard with cheese on it. All the other characters in the game are archetypes. The game has an extreme lack of diveristy. Why are all the black people ""Ghetto"", why is Jordi a neutral malevolent asian assassin, why is this game so unrealistic? Okay, so not every game needs to be realistic, but the way the devs were hyping this game up about how they were trying to make the hacking somewhat realistic...all that research could of went into hiring better writers.whatever, checklist please?1. Gruff white protagonist on a mission of vengeance with moral ambiguity (at least he isn't bald).  Check.2. Edgy female sidekick that is a ""Rose with thorns"".  Check.3. Family member that keeps the protagonist grounded and serves no other purpose to push the story forward? Check.4. Mid game villain built on black stereotypes. Check.5. Basic graphics. Check. (I added the mods and the game still looks 4K basic.)6. Spacious open world with a bunch of closed doors and missions that don't even tie into the story, that you can skip, and do all post game before you realize that this is pointless. (Try saying that in one breath). Check.I wanted to love you Watch Dogs, but you hurt me and my computer. I wouldn't even put you on an SSD for faster loading. So, this game is not as bad as people say it is...It's even worse."
,Recommended,243470,10989724,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Mr.Boxes,":o you gotta play this >.> free roam, events and missions. :D even co-op free roam and events !!!!"
,Not Recommended,243470,10337105,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Nogawgaf,I WANT MY ♥♥♥♥ING MONEY BACK CRASHING 24 ♥♥♥♥ING 7
76561197993465845,Not Recommended,243470,27552020,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Toll,"What starts off as fun eventually turns into frustration and boredom, as well as confusion on why you can hack non-technological items like steam pipes.All in all its ok. I didn't finish it, but i put enough time into it to get bored.Skip it. its not worth it."
76561198182646171,Recommended,243470,28097382,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Wessel4000  Pornhub.com,"Could have bin way better. Story is trash, gamaplay is Good, graphics are pretty.I recoommend to buy it in a sale because its not worth 30$"
,Recommended,243470,23951719,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Insania,"Story 7/10 sometiems it gets confusingGameplay 8/10 it is interesting concept, but it could have been betterPerformance/port 4/10 no matter what settings I changed it ran so bad glad I finished it and thats it, never touching it againMusic 7/10 a lot of tracks where meehhhh , plus wtf I cant listen music on a mission and I am forced to listen meehhh soundtrackgraphics 6/10 considering then it was released it looks like   S    H   I   TUbisoft with each year getting worseGave this a possitive review only because I liked some parts of the story"
,Not Recommended,243470,10274002,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Oriangel,"An albeit fun open world experience turn into a nightmare of technical issues ranging from Lost Save Game Files, Uplay Login issues and constant stuttering and loss of gameplay through constant crashing periodically every 1 to 2 hours of gameplay. AVOID TILL ALL KNOWN ISSUES ARE FIX."
,Recommended,243470,24554119,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,HenWee,Best game ever :)
76561197983356251,Recommended,243470,24558612,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Foi,"I got into this game  just before its sequel nipped its head over the horizon. I am not an FPS veteran, but I enjoy a good shooting romp now and again. This game filled a nice little niche right there. I already put some hours intot his game and I'm not bored yet.PROGood mix between campaign and free-roam activities.Not too difficult even for non-veteransFour main categories of weapons to choose your favorite from keep your arsenal manageableThe hacking and profiling is funMinigames offer even more different things to do.In game achievements and stuff to collect for the perfectionists among us, but not too many as to be overwhelming.CONSOnline intrusions are tedious. Hackers can just hack from very hard to reach places making it an auto-win for them. Becomes frustrating and boring fast. Fortunately it can be turned off in settings.No Multiplayer Coop. I'm a stickler for this mode and it is missing. Online actions are only against other players, not with them.Some small bugs may still be present. (particularly one that keeps me from completing all ctOS towers even though I have coverage everywhere. I must have hopped a gate somewhere that I was supposed to hack open. Problem is which one...)"
,Recommended,243470,24565357,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,ＮＴ ＯＳ ＴＷＯ,10/10 DDOS simulator
76561198029098705,Not Recommended,243470,10470456,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Spooky,Watch Dogs was very interesting in the beginning. I thought it was cool how i could hack and everything. Although when you beat the campaign it turns into a really ♥♥♥♥♥♥ mindless game. This game is GTA 4 with hacking. Also the online play isn't as fun because most are hacking.      So much hype about this game and it was a really♥♥♥♥♥♥game.
76561198133513861,Not Recommended,243470,10460951,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,dead shot,i bought the game 2 weeks ago and still have not seen the title screen or any thing at all about the game because the F***ING uplay server has been down so i havnt had a chance to play even 1 seckond so t(-_-)my recomendation will change once the uplay gos live again
,Recommended,243470,22341369,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,uauizaui | Finding more rum!,"This game is really good, but at some point it gets boring. It feels like something is missing from it.And the soundtrack wasn't that amazing also, but this is just my opinion.Let's hope that the sequel will have more life in it than this one!It's worth getting it half price, you can have fun playing with the hack system while being chased by the police or spying people in their homes! :P"
,Recommended,243470,10278431,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,FrankyFastFingers,"I walked up to a guy, and his wife was throwing his vintage doll collection at him 10/10 so good, dont believe the haters, they just mad cuz the game isnt about watching dogs."
76561198024974889,Not Recommended,243470,13092814,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,madwolfe,This game is so full of glithes it ridiculouly unplayable. I wouldnt pay $5 for this peice of junk
76561198018603011,Not Recommended,243470,13093767,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Xistance,The character you play may as well be a walking cardboard cut out with a sad face drawn on it.. at least then he would be slightly entertaining. The hacking stuff though interesting at first gets repetetive and boring quite quickly. This game is like GTA without the fun with your character replaced by the most boring immersion breaking guy ever.
,Not Recommended,243470,10266626,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Kyy,"Watch_Dogs Review:Story:(spoilers ahead) you play as aiden pearce the most boring and cliche character in the universe, you decided to hack through a security place thingy, but they found out who you were, they then set up a assassination after u, the attempt failed, resulting in the death of ur niece. your primary motive is to track down the killers bla bla bla kill kill kill bla bla bla boring dialogue here bla bla bla, u get the ghist, the motives of this character are a cliche that has been seen millions of times already, aiden is not at all interesting or cool or funny, hes just, awkward. the only thing remotly special about him is his skillfull hacking.gameplay:The game is a open world, there are plenty of side missions avalbile to do. The main difference between this and all the other open worlds, is this one involves hacking. hack your ways through bridges,doors,use cameras,bombs, you name it you can hack it. the phone that you use also adds a profiler, allowing you to see all npcs backstory, and sometimes can trigger side missions, these are not mandatory to do, but provide xp and other bonuses, also the phone allows you access to games a.k.a didgetal trips one lets u become a freaking spider.Car handling is average at best.Graphics:the graphics in this game are not presented like how they were at E3, but a quick mod install changes the visuals to look like it. performance wise this game also runs mediocure.Conclusion:Watch_Dogs presents many good fun features like hacking, but its cliche story and bland protaginist really turn me off of this game, graphically and performancly its medicure at best.story: 4/10gameplay: 8/10graphics:6/10 not modded 9/10 moddedperformance:6/10 not modded 7/10 moddedUn-Modded average score: 6/10Modded average score: 7/10Watch_Dogs is a mediocure game at best with several golden turds in the pile of trash, I hope ubisoft can make a more compelling addition which provides the graphics of e3 great performance and a good story and good main character."
,Recommended,243470,11948318,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,JustThatGuyDan,"Awesome game, I had no problems with Uplay like others but it would obviously be better if it wasn't there at all! BUT, I am having a load of glitches with it, sometimes it will load up and there will be no dialogue audio but there will still be subtitles and the only audio I get is coming directly from aiden (except dialogue) then there are other times when it will accidentally use the wrong audio, for example, yesterday I started a car and instead of a revving engine, it started playing some old western music that wasn't coming from the radio because the radio started playing at the same time... Good game, but needs major fixes!"
,Recommended,243470,15126545,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,akashi shiroe,"Like this game so much.So easy to get a lot of money.But when we drive car or motorcycle, it's so ♥♥♥♥ing sucks m8."
,Not Recommended,243470,10358267,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,mott,It is a pile of rubbish.♥♥♥♥♥♥StoryAwful Car PhysicsGlitchyMediocre GraphicsBut good Multiplayer
,Not Recommended,243470,10486042,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Who's that Pokémon?! - NaiOni,"6 hours into the game, my save file got corrupted. I took it in stride, and played through those 6 hours all over again. Now, 50 hours into the game, I experience some strange bugs where the game keeps opening the phone menu. I restart the game, and low and behold, I get stuck on the loading screen, my save file is corrupted. AGAIN! 10/10 f**k off Ubisoft."
,Recommended,243470,10256826,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Soraptor,"Sorta like GTA IV, just that you can learn a little bit about the pedestrians you encounter (Like their name, job, and a little tidbit) before you ineviably rob their bank accounts and shoot them in the head.No dedicated jump button 1/10 uninstalling. (jk this game has a thunderbird in it 10/10 GOTY)"
,Recommended,243470,10252429,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Schrodinger's Paradox,Worse Decision by the Developers to use uPlay. causing so much problems
,Recommended,243470,10271410,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Space Doggo,much hacking very secret wow
,Recommended,243470,13106362,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Fyyar,"Quite an enjoyable game, although the car bugs were quite annoying."
,Not Recommended,243470,13695324,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Sith'ari,this isnt worth it watch_dog crashed my new pc when i loaded it      NO WAY
76561197971048418,Not Recommended,243470,13468411,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Relatively Normal,"A disappointment of a game. While it has a few moments of real potential it just doesn't work. I don't know if the glitches and bugs are still there, but the story was just not worth the time."
,Recommended,243470,14459489,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,MistaCheez,"I honestly liked this game a ton. Better than most of the other games I played in 2014. Might have been off to a rocky start, but I played this in November 2014 or something and it is fine. Gameplay is awesome, mechanics are not all just gimmicks (some are though), and the missions where you steal cars are god awful; don't waste your time doing them. Plus, even though I'm MLG gamer 420 Blaze-it status, I got stuck so many times. Non-lethal missions are almost always hard, but it has a satisfying ending.  8/10 could use co-op multiplayer"
,Recommended,243470,10261614,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Air,"Fun Game So Far. The vehicle mechanics are ok, could be a bit better. Hacking is really fun, and there is alot of things to do. I catch myself always drifting off the story to do some side mission or just search people to hack their phones. Sry AMD users, Running a Nvidia 660 and it works fine. no lag and have not had a single crash.One thing i wish would be better is the multiplayer. I never get hacked, but seem to always find someone to try and hack. But other than that the MP experience is quite fun. Ubisoft did an ok job."
,Recommended,243470,10261165,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Keyn Thror,"The game is awesome!Amazing graphics, even on medium settings.I have rather old P4 Quad-Core with 8Gb DDR2 RAM and GeForce GTX 660Ti Nvidia videocard.FPS is high enough for intense action, like driving or fighting, though very fast driving can be hard to control.Gameplay is just great!It's easy to believe this world is real - you can see info on any person, you can watch them living their daily lives, doing lots of different things... I witnessed some car accidents - drivers got out of their cars, came closer to each other, discussed the damage, expressed emotions. Other nearby people react too - some get scared, some come closer to look. If somebody sees a crime - they might call a police.There are spontaneous crimes in the city too - I saw some robber grabbed a wallet from a person, and ran away. This was not a mission or anything, just a common event in the big city, and I was just a witness.First I had some problems with activating the game, spent about an hour trying to log in to uPlay servers.Then I succeeded, and playing campaign in offline mode for now.When Ubisoft fixes their servers, I'll try online game."
,Recommended,243470,10261221,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,ralph. out of keys,bad car control .. but . it's a good game .
,Recommended,243470,10260997,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Xazur,"I was one of the many who were excited for Watch Dogs last year in 2013 but when they decided to push the game back I thought they would make the game even better. I was sad to say I was unimpressed with the amount of time they took and the lack of improvements.I have read many people people had problems running the game, I guess I am lucky to not have been one of them. The game launched fine and with no issues. I did however had to turn my settings to low and play at 720p because I am playing on a somewhat old laptop.Nonetheless, my first thoughts after launching the game was ""Why is the sensitivity so damn high?"". The game has mouse acceleration, why? This makes me think they made the game for console mainly with no regards for PC users. The aiming mechanic in the game because of this is horrible. When engaging enemies in combat it just feels like I am using a controller to aim and the aim assist is always on but you can set it to 3 different settings. Why did they not include an option to turn off mouse acceleration?The driving mechanic is a mixed emotion. There are about 5 different types of cars in the game as well as motorcycles and they each handle pretty diffrently. You have to try a few different cars before you find one you are comfortable driving. My only problem with the driving side of this is that collision damage is unrealistic. I could be driving at 120km/h crash into another car and simply just glance off, and the damage seen on the car is very minimal. You have to take about 3 huge crashes before seeing any dents.Another thing that ticked me off was the cover system hahahaha. You get into cover by pressing C, you can also move from cover to cover by pressing C again, yet to get out of cover you press V. I didn't know you could press key to get out of cover at first so what I ended up doing was pressing S to move away or pressing the spacebar which worked but I ended up in some situations were the cover system just got me killed more times than it saved me. Especially when I was in cover and the enemy were trying to flank me and I was trying to move, but my character stayed hugged to the cover. Also moving from cover to cover at 90 degree angles is almost impossible.I know I have been saying a bunch of negative stuff about the game, but they are very minor things that could be improved to make it flawless but the main thing I like about the game is the traffic hacking and how you can use it to disable enemies in a car chase or simply cause some mayhem. This is unique to any other game I have ever played and will be unique to even GTA5. I just feels so damn satisfying when you take out a group of enemies trying to chase you down. I even used the train system to escape cops multiple times.My conclusion is....... the game is great, it has some minor mechanic flaws which could use some fixing. Some things I wished they had is ......... flying. They could also have added weapon attachments and the option to sell/remove guns we don't use.If this game played like another game I played before.......... i'd have to say Sleeping Dogs. The map is just about the same size and feel to it, similar weapons and combat style. All of this but with the added control of a city at your fingertips.I would definately recommend the game to friends but not at its current pricing maybe when it goes on sale. I would've payed at most $40 for the deluxe version of this game.  With the extra time they took to improve this game, this could've been on par or even better than GTA5 but falls so short of it."
,Not Recommended,243470,21601493,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,The_Watchman_,"It is a good game lets be fair, i enjoyed it, really enjoyed in for the first couple of hours, but the reason i don't like this game is the bad story (My preference, others might disagree) and the world feel lifeless, its the same mistake Far Cry makes, also ubisoft, you play and grind and all the things you do have no effect on the game world, maybe the story or you unlock something new. I hate those games, you invest so much but the game doesn't reward you for it. This is one of those game."
76561198126892520,Not Recommended,243470,19045499,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,That Guy,it wont let me play the game i wasted 15 dollers on a game that wont even work please fix!
,Not Recommended,243470,17022397,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Hufsa,0/10 no dogs to watch
76561198341507985,Recommended,243470,28867606,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,齋藤飛鳥,for justice
,Recommended,243470,10676731,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,aditligit,"Extremely fun game, however it does not look as good as it did at E3."
,Recommended,243470,10259278,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,REVO-SR,"LOVE THIS GAME, THE GRAPHICS ARE AMAZING!!"
,Recommended,243470,10283718,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Here comes the Sneeky Beaks,best game eva 10/10 would watch a dog
,Not Recommended,243470,12269500,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Swaglord4000,"never able to really play it, due to my amd driver crashing. worst money i ever spent."
,Recommended,243470,11391549,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,|Xen0[M]orph|*****,"as of today, great game. although during its first month of launch, it got many issues. now i think everything is awesome. including me. hahaha"
,Recommended,243470,11411270,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,heeXI,Good but need buy for new missions :'(
,Recommended,243470,10283677,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Classic Ludwig,"Just to get it out of they way - Ubisoft, you gone done ♥♥♥♥ed up on the whole uPlay ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ with this one, let steam deal with the DRM stuff, they seem to be much, much better at itWith that aside, lets get down to the actual game. In terms of content, this game is brilliant, I loved every minute of it. I feel this hype around this game let it down a bit but hey, what do you expect? It was bound to happen, has done before and it will again. When the game works, the graphics are incredible and are just so smooth, even without the SLI capabilities, which again, Ubisoft, you gone done ♥♥♥♥ed up.Even though this was a short review, I think it basically summed it well. Its a good game, however expectations were too high due to the hype and visualy, it's stunning. Just better luck next time Ubisoft, and dont set yourself unrealistic expectations for release dates."
,Recommended,243470,10290118,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Battlebeyond,"GTA like game with a more cliché character but fun driving mechanics to make up for it.+ High quality production+ Shooting mechanics+ Driving mechanics+ Graphics+ Level up and upgrades+ A few mini games with level up and upgrades+ Many vehicles+ Many weapons with upgrades+ Fairly large and detailed city- Aiming your weapon feels a bit off (probably due to auto aim and use of mouse acceleration)- Story is just bad- Multiplayer isn't well explored, max level too fast and not enough upgrades- Unfair advantages in multiplayer and cheaters (no anti cheat or support)- Requires the use of Uplay- Hacking doesn't feel like hacking at all, just a bunch of mini games/puzzles- Main character doesn't seem like he fits the hacker roleIt's a fun game overall and even though it had a few problems at launch, they are fixed now."
76561198102978506,Recommended,243470,10293397,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,dinghow100,Watch dogs Is a Very Good Game its fun but has huge fps drops when driving around the city... this game is better then gta 5
,Recommended,243470,10259332,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,LaFaille,"My favorite Ubisoft Title After ACII , awesome game 9.5/10"
76561197969314552,Not Recommended,243470,10260479,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,AtomicPenguin,"Clunky.Uplay is clunky. Driving is clunky. Shooting is clunky. Hacking is clunky. Performance is clunky. The story is clunky. Nothing in the game really feels right or controls right. I've played worse but expected better than this.The good: The city.The bad: This is like Infamous, only your superpower is that you can change red stoplights to green instead of throwing electricity and gliding and actual fun things. You may be able to hack something that shocks someone, though, if they're nice enough to stand in one place for a while and let you kill them with the environment. I've yet to meet anyone memorable in the game or care about anyone, including the guy I'm playing as.Bottom line: A good idea and good world filled with uninspired and frustrating people, things, and ways to interact with it."
,Not Recommended,243470,10263702,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,RedRumcorp,Crashes constantly. Dont buy.
76561198067878724,Recommended,243470,15747966,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,PancakeCats,"So I hacked into one ctos server, and saw a few rare scenes as it did its little look at me I am special♥♥♥♥♥♥ It started with a lynching, then it switched to a secret set of an interracial child porno and then it switched to Aiden jerking it hardcore for six hours straight to a cardboard cutout of Harry Styles. Aiden then pulled out a gun and shot himself because he realized he was slowly becoming a huge ♥♥♥♥♥♥ while he sleep-masturbated, as at the end of the six hour self pleasure session, he slowly caressed his♥♥♥♥♥♥♥covered MLP statues."
76561198096096048,Recommended,243470,10456806,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,my name chef,Kaunista
76561198090972442,Recommended,243470,10288137,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Trundle,A fun game with decent graphics despite ubisofts attempts to make the game look worse. The game runs pretty smooth and is enjoyable to play. Pretty much the only down side is just uplay and ubisofts scumbag interaction with the PC communtity. 7/10
76561198049065661,Not Recommended,243470,24700123,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Channing Tatum,"one of those games that gives you a tease of what could happen, but this game didn't go far enough for the price. 3/10. It seems unfinished, per expectations of ubisoft."
,Recommended,243470,10595202,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Black Trans Feminazi,i love this game. its awesome
,Recommended,243470,17734091,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,N I   H A O,the game is not laurching it says Failed to start game (unknown error) i have uplay but it doesnt work still help me  i love this game so plz help
,Recommended,243470,10275183,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,ℙ ⨺ 𝔘 𝕃,"Failed an online tailing game lost the ability to hack, lost my upgrades and can't play online anymore11/10"
,Not Recommended,243470,11204121,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,frazer,its bad
,Recommended,243470,10746136,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,TheLegoMan2276,Stole 7k from someone diagnosed with Parkinson's12/10
,Recommended,243470,10272529,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,hazardd,"No crashesh, no lags at all, smooth and nice. Seems someone has hands that grows from the♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198129814189,Recommended,243470,11409170,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Chrydin,Watch_Dogs in general was a great exprience. Hacking combined with somewhat GTA alike atmosphere gave me a new feeling. I personally enjoyed the game but read below before you buy?+Hacking!Protagonist has a great sense of fashionDriving/Cars (After you fix below!)Storyline overall was quite a adventure.DLC Bad Blood follows the storyline!-UplayDriving needs tweaking in the files along with the (accelerration) sensitivity. (See guides on how to fix this)
76561198100287172,Recommended,243470,14640963,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,heathfeath49,"I thought Watch_Dogs was great! That being said, I didn't know much about the hype before the game was released (was too busy watching every step of the Sims 4(sucked)) so I didn't have any expectations going into it. The graphics were amazing, the city was massive and alive, and I really enjoyed the story even though Aiden's character wasn't as fleshed out as I would have liked. Also, the game was on sale..so.....winning."
76561198076900614,Not Recommended,243470,14857508,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Baali,> Got into the hype train> Bought watch_dogs digital deluxe edition pre release> Still regrets this decision.> Never Bought Ucrap again
,Not Recommended,243470,20170872,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Desucrate,"Watch Dogs was an utterly disappointing game made as a clone for GTA. The graphics, originally stunning, became infamous for eventually looking like somebody threw all the good♥♥♥♥♥♥out and replaced it with Baby's First Unity Game(tm)The gameplay is ok. Shooting and firefights are decent, but driving is complete♥♥♥♥♥♥Story is really terrible. Really, really bad. I don't want to even think about it, much less talk about it.I originally pre-ordered the game for $60. It's not worth that. Go for it on sale."
76561198119621047,Recommended,243470,17273527,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Schick Hydro Bot,Watch_Dogs is one of those games that certain people would enjoy if they would think they would enjoy. This is my opinion but I really enjoyed yes the story sucks but it was just fun helping people instead of destroying the city like in GTA5
76561198015766392,Not Recommended,243470,11692845,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Rataklowski,"Wish I never bought this. Over hyped game, badly optimized, storyline is♥♥♥♥♥♥ protagonist is half♥♥♥♥♥♥ gameplay is good (if you have a over 1000$ pc and manage to play it at higher than 25 FPS).Not even worth to spend another second on reviewing this game.DO NOT BUY THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198125496652,Not Recommended,243470,11734944,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,|T|wi$t@r,not recommend this game..not fun to play..bored
,Not Recommended,243470,28977006,Posted: 3 January,all,once known as sephiroth,Don't play this game unless you wanna go crazy.Very very bad driving mechanism that makes you crazy while you're pursuing target.Story is good but can't play this anymore.
,Recommended,243470,27841323,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Hamlet,Love the concept great game i got watch dogs 2 when it came out and completed it in a day this one lsts for awhile but the second one is better
,Not Recommended,243470,10728756,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Grand Pappy Winston,Kinda boring story and graphics werent all that great. The game is decent though and sometimes fun to paly
76561198146008219,Recommended,243470,28768680,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,woodseric2,I have a 2 set inUBI.COM...Justup seat....so Watch_Dogs...new set up.
76561198085412554,Not Recommended,243470,27557424,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Oakmeister,Meh...
,Recommended,243470,25942269,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Rip.HL3,Thing is that i live in Russia but I dont know russian so i cant understand♥♥♥♥♥
76561198063060359,Recommended,243470,25945746,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,too much air,"An amazing game. You have significant control as Aiden, perhaps distorting reality a bit, but the devs did a good job of making the less realistic hacks appear realistic."
,Not Recommended,243470,29664119,Posted: 2 February,all,Little Panda Fighter csgogem.com,"After what I thought had seemed to be a good game, it's finally time to give an honest opinion about this game.Graphics were a big downgrade, and on top of that the game somewhat lagged for me weirdly (Not the reason I Don't recommend the game). On the other hand, I want to address the online community, and what it has become.Now, Online hacking is fun and all, but with all the glitchers and campers, it's gotten less and less fun. The community itself is also dead. Barely does anyone play this game, which I can't blame them for.The last thing I'm going to be talking about which is rather important, is the one big bug which screwed my save up; The ""Skill Tree Bug"". This occurred to me earlier today, but the worst thing is that THEY HAVEN'T FIXED AFTER 2 BLODDY YEARS. There apparently also isn't a fix, so my big warning for those are going to buy this game; make backups often. The only good 2 things I can say is that: 1. It's good for wasting space2. The story is better (In my opinion) then Watch_Dogs 2.Rating-  2/10Buy it if it's on sale (Like I did)."
,Not Recommended,243470,27843389,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,youtu.be/2_SXvMSGJrs,Badly optimised
76561198091585672,Recommended,243470,27755410,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Flapptop,"This game is amazing I really like this game, I very like this game idea with all the hacking thingis. I want you to buy this game yes becaude I bought it on black friday 2016 and that is 2 years after this game were released and three days before Watch_Dogs 2 were released. My brain doesn't like when things don't work but this game works perfectly. I am really going to buy the Watch_Dogs 2 @ Xmas and that is going to be awesome, but if you like free roaming games this game is nice and the story is nice and very fun and entertaining and yeah. If you have a think of buying this game, just do it, just yeah just do. just it yeah just do it. I would recommend it if it was awesome and god ans it is so i recommend it."
76561198002831029,Not Recommended,243470,27564815,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,theGudy,"The graphics - at least with TheWorseMod installed - are great. The feeling of driving around Chicago is incredible. The story - though clichéd - hits most of the right buttons for me. And the things you can do in the game are sufficiently varied that you can stave off boredom for a good long while.This game, in short, could have been awesome.If the main character had more emotions than a brick. If the driving controls weren't so awful. If street lamps, trash cans and other city ""furniture"" didn't destroy all immersion by behaving as if they were made of paper. If money, and hence all equipment, weren't so easy to come by as to destroy all sense of achievement. If escaping the police were fun instead of a chore.If the only likeable character didn't die for absolutely nothing.As it is, the flaws outweigh the good stuff by a solid margin and I can't really recommend Watch_Dogs. But I'm still looking forward to seeing if its sequel can do better. Because if it manages this, it could be a really, really good game."
,Recommended,243470,28850516,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,The Alphinore,"Played this game on the PS4. Rebought again on PC (On Sale of course) to boost to ULTRA anyway, I like the city of Chicago atmosphere. Even if Aiden is a one note character and the the gameplay later on gets repetitive, I solved that by wrecking hacking havoc on the CITY >:). Also it will be a break from the Hippy styles of the sequel...For some reason I like the dark and gloom of a city."
,Not Recommended,243470,28971359,Posted: 3 January,all,RageQuit,A real disappointment from start to finish could of done a lot better
,Recommended,243470,31061552,Posted: 10 April,all,Rexha,Good Game for me because im a programmer x  engineer thats why i like the concept of the game.
76561198086112780,Recommended,243470,22188172,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,LilShowerCurtain,really great game
,Not Recommended,243470,21352546,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Scorch-A,"Okay let me begin. WATCH_DOGS is a fantastic game! It's different from your usual GTA-like game in its environment and hacking games. And if you have an amazing computer, this game will look absolutely stunning when run at the highest settings. The reason I disapprove of this game is because of my situation. I was goofing around with the settings and decided ""HERP DERP! I'M GONNA HAVE MY LOW-SPEC LAPTOP TRY TO RUN ALL THE VIDEO SETTINGS AT THEIR HIGHEST!"" Obviously the game crashed. But what's a major kick in the♥♥♥♥♥is that now whenever I try to boot it up, it immediately crashes. I JUST WANT TO PLAY THE GAME! I've searched all over the net for a solution, but there appears to be nobody willing to help with this issue of mine. If you're gonna play this game, be mindful during your video setup, as it seems WATCH_DOGS is unforgiving if you push it too hard. If this issue ever gets resolved, I'll happily type up a legitimate review. I own this game on PS4 as well, and on there, I have a grand old time. But until I can successfully launch this friggin' PC version, It's just a waste of dataspace for me"
,Recommended,243470,29051151,Posted: 5 January,all,Zartan_81,"Picked this game up on the Steam winter sale for cheap think it was under $20,Great buy for that price.Great graphics story mode so far keeps you interested,with that being said there are a couple of cut scenes that you are not able to skip in the begining.I had to restart the game without saving and had to sit through the whole intro again,Also the driving is a litle tricky,but then again it's watch dogs not Gran trurismo."
76561198313375330,Not Recommended,243470,28974961,Posted: 3 January,all,Cnozmoz,you get bored really quick in this game
,Not Recommended,243470,29000630,Posted: 4 January,all,K . U . R . T,This game is absolutely...AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAI can't.
,Recommended,243470,28685348,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,AbhaySV,Nice game
76561198095277519,Recommended,243470,10313481,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Octurian,Watch Dogs has the longest story I've played in a long time. Through the awesome adventure their is action and touching moments which is why unlike IGN I give this game a 10 out of 10
,Recommended,243470,10357751,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,its K to be greedy,if u have kick♥♥♥♥♥gpu then u can play well if u dont have the kick♥♥♥♥♥gpu then pls pls pls dont say this game is not a good gamethis game have only 1 problem the ♥♥♥♥ing driving its like saint row gameplay without driving 8/10 gameplay with driving -10/10ubsoft pls fix it ^_^
76561198068521024,Not Recommended,243470,14478959,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,308,This game was nothing but problems from day one! It's been 10 months since relese and people are still having problems getting the game to open. I've played alpas with less bugs than this rubbish.
,Not Recommended,243470,10357745,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Munchkins,Like skyrim with autism
,Recommended,243470,10268464,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Zambambo,"This game recives a lot of hate because of the graphics compared to E3 2012, look like♥♥♥♥♥♥ but if you are a long time fan of pc gaming you will know graphics dont make the game... so overall the story is bad, but the gameplay is REALLY REALLY FUN 8/10"
,Recommended,243470,12977620,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Crazyiness,So good that I bought it twice10/10 would buy a third time
76561198068966535,Recommended,243470,15190128,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,SPOoK,:)
,Not Recommended,243470,10363786,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Zoidberg,"OVER 2 YEARS LATER :This game NEVER worked on my old PC, paid $70 for nothing. Just got a new PC! Got and i7 processor and a 1080 with 16GB RAM. THE GAME STILL DOESN'T WORK. What a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game it is. How the ♥♥♥♥ does it have a rating of 77% recently. Do the makers pay people to make good reviews? OR are the people who buy this on some next level drugs. In all seriousness all I heard was bad things from people who actually played the game. So I'm still confused about the 77%. ""HORRIBLE AND GLITCHY"" - June, 2014Also, got Watch_Dogs 2 with my graphics card for free and hopefully that♥♥♥♥♥♥works!HORRIBLE AND GLITCHY"
76561197997575911,Recommended,243470,10256815,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Fog,Intel/Nvidia master-race.9001/10
76561198067302690,Not Recommended,243470,10287830,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Nujabes,Tragic waste of funds. Massively disappointed.
,Recommended,243470,20383675,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,isrcobra,"bad mini games, disappointing hacking abilities and weird gameplay... still fun to play with great control system and a good storyline"
,Recommended,243470,20261715,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Chaoticninja789,I love this game so much!!
76561198061130428,Not Recommended,243470,15675718,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,okmujnyhb,Take a poo instead; it's more fun and much cheaper.
76561198068314616,Recommended,243470,22154219,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Solhine,"Watch_Dogs is a game that takes the third-person, open world shooter genre and adds aspects that are profound in Ubisoft games, some of which being rather annoying. U-Plays continued existance at tthis point is simply Ubisoft spitting in the faces of its' PC fans.  In contrast to the annoyance of U-Play, Watch_Dogs is a very fun playthrough that has plenty of usage of all the interesting mechanics that are introduced, not leaving anything completely in the backround. The story is sometimes cliche but entertaining and engaging for the player regardless. The DLC complimenjt the game with an experience using the entertaining T-bone, along with introducing even more mechanics."
,Recommended,243470,32154297,Posted: 3 June,all,{TGC}Fr33,Ah.... another open world by ubi-soft that was over hyped good thing  i wait to get the game and let it suprise me good title right out lots of stuff to do and accomplish in this world good dlc all in all another title that ican sink my teeth in more of my life to waste....lol waste every second is a rush........
,Recommended,243470,15448255,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Frooty Salad,The story isn't the best but the gameplay is not too bad so I'll give this a 3/5
76561197960312048,Not Recommended,243470,14986678,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,naprius,"What an incredible piece of crap game. Performance issues, bad handling and it can't even keep my interest for a few minutes. Like someone earlier said, it doesn't get me to care about doing anything except hitting the Quit to Desktop button so I can go and do something useful with my life."
,Recommended,243470,32445488,Posted: 15 June,all,Dat Gai,"Not really sure why this game is getting so much hate. Running this game on a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ 6 year old I3 and works fine enough to enjoy. (A little laggy but not a problem)The storyline is so interesting it really drives you to complete all the missions and tasks just to find out what happens next. Money also becomes no object if you take the time to walk the streets and hack into people's bank accounts.With that, guns also become no object. You can easily obtain all the guns this game offers to get the best shootout experience in this game. Not to mention the mini-tasks you can do to enjoy the respective perks and upgrades.Only a taste of what this game has to offer. 10/10"
,Recommended,243470,19641817,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,SHADOWSTORM,"Amazing Game, no issues... Good Storyline, Fun Multiplayer :)Enjoyed a lotIt just takes 2-4 missions to get used to driving.Hacking Machinism is also good.Original Review:The worst Open World Game i have played till now, the driving is miserable as well as the exact timings for Triggering all this Hacks seems Months and Months of Practise, I have no complaints about the storyline or features, just the awful driving mechanism that makes this game unplayable completely!, Requesting Refund."
,Recommended,243470,17589413,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Baconator,"Honestly, I was somewhat disappointed with Watch Dogs. It's not a bad game by any means, but it does, in my opinion, get a little boring from time to time. The story is just a basic revenge story we've seen multiple times, but I won't go very in depth about it. Aiden is a little boring, though. Most of the side characters are great, Jordi in particular.Now gameplay-wise, it's a blast. The shooting is fluid and realistic, the cover system is great, but the driving leaves some to be desired. I'm not a huge fan of the way the driving feels, it just feels fake. That's the best word I can think of.Hacking is pretty fun, many creative ways to complete different missions.When it comes down to performance, it leaves much to be desired, at least for me. I'm not 100% sure if it's just my PC, or  if Ubisoft just sucks at PC ports, but the game runs like crap, even on low settings. It's definitely not unplayable, but on high I usually get around 40-50fps but when driving it constantly fluctuates between 40 and 20fps.All in all, if your PC is powerful enough to run it decently, it's a fun game with an okay story, somewhat boring main character and awesome gameplay."
,Recommended,243470,12854244,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Slowbro,"Yeah, It's alright. I know there is a lot of contraversy surrounding this title with the graphical downgrade and its utilization of uplay and its totally legitimate to hate this game for those issues but it is something I was willing to look past. The graphics might not look as good as they did in that E3 video but I don't really care about getting the highest graphics as long as the game has a solid artistic design, which it does. And, I've never really experienced problems with uplay myself, and since they allow offline play it doesn't really bother me.So aside from that disclaimer, the game is really good. I kind of expected this game to be really mediocre given what I heard about it. I expect the story to be completely vapid but it was actually not half bad, sure it was predictable and featured some average writing, but that's just par for the course in game narratives. It did have some great pacing that made it engaging to follow at least. I will say that Aiden Pierce is an irredeemable ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and I don't think the game quite realizes that. At least it was far from making me as angry as Far Cry 3 did. I heard the driving physics were terrible but they weren't. I mean they definitely were not the best but it was servicable for the type of game it is and cars had a really awesome desctruction mechanics. They were really fun to drive around and get in car chases with. Overall, I felt everything worked together really well. the driving, shooting, hacking, etc. It all made for a cohesive gaming experience enhanced by great primary and side missions. I could never say this game is light on content. Some of it kind of fits in awkwardly, like the digital trips, because they are really more just weird distractions but each one of them is really enjoyable, and well-made in its own right. The online modes are incredibly fantastic albeit unbalanced, they are integrated into the game in an interesting way and is something I want to see more of in games.One thing that I really have to give this game credit for and probably what sold me on it the most is the world building. It seems like a weird thing to say but it is a very faithful reproduction of Chicago (well aside from Pawnee) or just cities in general. Some of my favorite moments were just walking the streets of downtown and spying on different npcs going about their virtual lives. It was really neat to see things like people doing street performances, practicing martial arts, freestyle rapping, begging for change, or even the simple touches like people jogging or texting on their phone. While small, it really makes the city feel alive and give context to the narrative, i.e., I would feel genuinely bad when I accidentally hit a civilian in a car chase because I had bought into the idea that I was in a real city. The legitamacy of the game world is helped by some really great level design that both serves its purpose for action set pieces like car chases and gunfights and is organic enough to be believeable as a real environment. The map is populated with plenty of litter, traffic cones and the like to make back alleys feel like back alleys, or avenues feel like avenues. I really like virtual game worlds and Watch_Dogs actually creates one of the best designed game worlds in recenty memory.And yes, it's not a perfect game, some of it's problems are severely unbalanced weaponry, awkward inventory screen that also doesn't pause or slowdown while accessing, awkard mouse and keyboard controls in menus, akward handling of the street crime interventions, tonal discrephencies in how the game wants to view Aiden as a character, and many story plot holes. The game also suffers from extreme ludo-narrative dissonance. These weren't large enough problems to ruin the game for me but I won't lie they each were their own annoyance. I will say that Watch_Dogs is also a game you want to be ABSOLUTELY sure your computer can run. The game kept causing me bluescreens until I updated to a specific kind of graphics drivers. I have heard that many users have experieced random crashes while playing or starting up especially among AMD graphics card users, so do your research before you purchase.Overall, I think this is a solid first entry in a potential gaming franchise and I actually do hope there are more Watch_Dogs games. It had a really rocky first entry but so did Assassin's Creed and look at where that franchise is now. There's been a lot of negativity surrounding Watch_Dogs and I think a lot of it comes from it failing to living up to the hype. I don't blame consumers for that because it is really ubisoft's fault for manufacturing so much hype in the first place. So, it's true that it isn't quite a gaming masterpice but don't let that detract from the actual value of the game because it is still a solidly well-made and completely enjoyable game despite some pernicious aspects."
,Recommended,243470,10278115,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,[RSG] Ryaenethiddion,"8/10 - Not worth £39.99 though - wait for Sale.Its a great game pretty good story and gameplay, JUST PLEASE FOR THE LOVE OF GOD take it off Uplay and always internet connection its stupid as *insert swearword here*"
,Recommended,243470,20811046,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,🐺Horazzmus🐺,"Amazing game! You are a hacker and you just hack everything in the city. The graphics and storyline are really beautiful :)The one thing I don't like is that the missions are all the same, you either chase someone or you try to sneak past guards. I enjoyed it but I got bored after the similar missions. It's quite challenging though. It has many bugs but It's not really that bad like everyone else says. The game is a little overpriced and I bought it when it was on sale."
,Recommended,243470,25376363,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Matusk0o,"Fun gameplay, nice looking visuals, city feels real. Hacking...well could be better but still good, and enjoying online modes.Overall very good game plus already pre-ordered Watch Dogs 2: Collector's edition.(UPDATE)After buying watch dogs 2 I think that watch dogs 1 is still better at least in online modes and visuals"
76561197971232837,Recommended,243470,10892963,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,[IP]Rakka,it's fun
76561198036098582,Recommended,243470,10893609,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Alakazam,its meh on computer atm
76561198062176381,Recommended,243470,10893766,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,KakklesOD,"um.....its honestly GTA, with hacking and PARTIALLY better graphics.......yeeeea...........um.......its OK."
76561198386315661,Recommended,243470,34382559,Posted: 20 August,all,RED THE DRAGON MATE,its a great and wonderful game
,Recommended,243470,23558696,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,MyFaceIsContraception,"This game recieved a bunch of♥♥♥♥♥♥when it first released, and rightly so, but the creators, through constant updates have fixed the problems that plauged it in the beginning. The game is fantastic now bringing an interesting open world to your finger tips. The gameplay was enjoyable, the voice acting was great, and the hacking minigames were fun, however this game is not perfect; the only problem i had was a graphical glitch that occured only when i first loaded a save, but it quickly went away after 10 seconds.TL;DR= Fantastic game now after updates, not the same as when it launched. Buy it, play it, it's cheap."
,Recommended,243470,28157236,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,MadSora,"Yes this is a good game, but seriously the DLC's price is ridiculous. 2 times the game itself? omg"
,Not Recommended,243470,17564205,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Buttman,Do Not Buy this Game: The Campaign cant be completed due to a bugIssue Here:Im not sure why they are not fixing this until now.
76561198009061800,Not Recommended,243470,17632255,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,kickass,"Suffers from Ubisoft junkware and frequent crashes.Poor performance, crashes and annoying Ubisoft stuff ruins what could have been an ok console port. But it's clearly a console port, just doesn't run nearly as well as it ought to.Quality of the writing nose-dives quite rapidly and becomes an on-rails game relatively quickly. Nowhere near as flexible or open-world as the marketing suggested.Online components are poorly executed and break immersion- I disabled them after a few hours."
76561198152505235,Recommended,243470,29546404,Posted: 28 January,all,FOX 4 LIFE,i need a new cd key be cause i dont now my ubisoft account
,Recommended,243470,24709361,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,i used to be a weeb,Its a fun 3rd person game that will make you play as aiden pearce and his path to evenge his neice the graphics are pretty good especially for a game that was made in 2013 but i do occur on quite alot of glitches when i play in openworld but i was very happy with the gameplay and played many hours with a friend on online co op
76561198042520860,Recommended,243470,14857669,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Don,FUN
,Not Recommended,243470,14088651,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,BlackBaron,"Boring story, boring characters, good mayhem but if you're looking for just that you'll better buy Saints Row or wathever else, runs quite like crap on anything too."
,Recommended,243470,18515010,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,wrandom1 farmskins.com,awesome game
76561198090608504,Not Recommended,243470,18533095,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,VvultasS,+Story is good.+Innovating setting.+Side missions are plentyful and entertaning.+Nice stealth but could be better-Good characters are way underused.-Graphics are not impressive (like in the trailer).-Bad characters are overused.-Side missions are extremly repetitive.-No replayabilty.-Lack of immersion (city has no charm and is fake)final verdit 4/10 kinda nice when it lasts.
76561198014760108,Not Recommended,243470,18536846,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,NesRsT,"Srackoidni kopie gtacka!Zmacknete ""Q"" a hacknete uplne vse (teda velky hovno)Grafika naprosto k zbliti!Nekupujte to! :D"
76561198120964941,Recommended,243470,18569518,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,itzxat,"Im not going to pretend this is the game we were promised, its not, but I cant call it a bad game over all I would give it a 6/10 so above average but not by much. the FPS issues on PC are a problem (I am well within the required spcs btw) but its not that bad really."
,Recommended,243470,18625330,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,thor32123,"See possible crime, steals a car to get there"
,Recommended,243470,18647702,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,mrbiofan12,"While it certainly not as good as say Grand theft auto 5, i still think its worth taking a look through. Probably for most people at full price, but if you pick it up during a sale for  10, 15, 20 dollars, I'd say at the very least its worth that."
76561198235794148,Recommended,243470,18686072,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,endertwins,"It took over two hours to download, but its the best game i have ever played."
76561197979279571,Not Recommended,243470,18768091,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,JHK655,One Phrase: Negative Mouse Acceleration. A mechanic that should be banned from all games forever. This game uses it. It makes trying to aim incredibly frustrating and inconsistent. Unless you plan to use a gamepad don't buy this game.
,Not Recommended,243470,18806682,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,lusidity,"I literally waited years for this game to come out. I promoted it everywhere. Then it came out and I was extremely disappointed. The story seemed well written and I kept pushing forward hoping I would actually be able to finish it, but the vehicle physics pretty much made the game unplayable for me, so I have to say no to this one. Very disappointing."
76561198202984428,Recommended,243470,18841689,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,wearwolf14,great game love the boulders in a police chase also love it when u do it to early and u go flying
,Recommended,243470,18411861,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,no black,"Out of all the games I have played, this game is the best.. Having it's wide variety of characters and citizens with their own unique traits. Aiden himself is also unique, as you slowly learn about his backstory. The gameplay is great, with it's big city, and multiple gaming mechanics, especially the hacking mechanic.I would totally recommend this game :)"
,Recommended,243470,18496753,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Darcom XxX,I like this game a lot. I love the car chases and the random hacking of cell phones where you can hear some very private conversation or get ATM cash. I wish there were a lot more varity to the hack puzzles. I also liked the random multiplayer bounty hunt/PvP aspect which sometimes was a little bit to frequent for my taste. Overall I recommend getting this game when it's on sale. BTW where can I buy one of those cellphones?
,Recommended,243470,14988757,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Cheeky,"Tightly packed, riveting all the way to the end, best value and without tedium.9.6/10"
76561198009738960,Recommended,243470,10325017,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Toadally Awesome,"Alot of things to say:Let's start from the bad things:-Uplay necessary.-Mouse acceleration.-Wait what else is there?-Let me open up my trunk of bs excuses that Doom hipsters usually resort to to have something to moan about.Seriously, this game is good. It is playable whether you have a controller or keyboard/mouse, it is challenging enough to require trial an error from a normal casual player and it has enough content to keep any completionist satisfied.The story is well written and in depth, throws you into an intrigue that you blindly uncover silken thread by silken thread, in a story that absolutely makes sense. It is filled with references to the internet world, the game literally speaks to a computer player and you can understand and react to it. Bugs that I have personally encountered are easy to fix and since release at least 4 optimization patches have been launched. Pure campaign time is a solid 25 hours while all the bonus stuff will take at the very least 10 times that. There is also a huge skill tree for upgrades etc etc. Why I say etc? Because people like this know how to make game. They might not make the game that will change your life and make you change your clothes or smth  but we all know what we want in a game and that stuff is in here.And more, so yeah... recommended."
76561198038511460,Not Recommended,243470,19033513,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,luki.sach,"This game is a can of worms, seriously, don't touch it! I forced myself to finish it till the bitter end and hate it thoroughly for all the tears it has brought me.Well, the graphics is nice and that was mostly the reason I played it for. Physically based shading at its finest. One needs to appreciate that the water actually reacts to the character swiming in it, unlike in most games.Other than that ... this game is a frustration repetition excercise. So to begin with, to start a mission you need to drive to a marker and press it (I'll pass that despite you can grab game objects trhrough walls and it seems ok to the developers; for the mission start marker which is never hidden and always in the middle of open space, you need to stand ridiculously close to it). Anyway, pressing the marker is only the first step which plays the cutscene if there is one. The mission itself is usually somewhere else and you have to drive there (no fast travel while on a mission)! And the driving in this game is so bad. Why the hell are even very small trees indestructible and completely trash your car? Why can you push the horribly slow and heavy truck with a mini? Boats rule. All this in combination with a completely silly map (you can't see all of it at once and there is no way to have path to the next mission planned automatically, no. you have to open the map, scan through it, click, and only then you can be on your way). No path planning for boats though, I guess that would be too much to ask for (if you are in a boat, the game insists you take roads).And then all those combinations of how to extend the game time. Hack bad guys. Shoot and hack bad guys. Shoot, hack and kill bad guys in the car. Shoot, hack, kill bad guys in the car and evade the police. Oh Jesus, the list goes on. And no save games to speak of - there are some autosaves but are completely random. If you die in the middle of a mission, you might skip forward (you die, reload and all of the sudden everyone is dead and you move on to the next task) or you may lose a lot of progress. And why in the world did I have to listen to Iraq's monologue five times!? All in all very imbalanced difficulty. Some things were very easy, some parts I repeated like fifty times. I even changed the difficulty to easy (it could be me, but I've finished Wolfenstein Old Blood on Uber last week with no difficulties to speak of).And I'm not even going to comment on the story. I just find it a bit too odd to pass in silece how the main character is supposed to be a vigilante and people are thankful to him (the game even tracks some kind of reputation), yet he is hacking / looting their bank accounts on daily basis. Funny. Also, mostly due to my poor driving and also to how the game sometimes drops to 3 frames per second especially when taking turns, I probably maimed more civillians than I saved in the ""catch a criminal"" minigame.I hope you go to hell for this, Ubisoft!"
,Not Recommended,243470,10435474,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Zoop badoop fruitloop,"The game feels weak, and unfinished. It has a lot of issues, and the driving sucks big time- So glad that GTA V is confirmed for PC, so i can forget about watch dogs forever 2/10"
,Recommended,243470,30317209,Posted: 4 March,all,DiCasualGamer,"This game definitely is not a bad game. But you should know what you're getting if you're going to pay for this game:Pros:Hacking used as a helper concept while driving or gun fights (which is neat)Lots of side missions and mini gamesNice-ish character developmentNice-ish storyTriple-A game stuff (open world, lots of cars, guns, nice graphics)Cons:Fps drops while drivingRepetitive side missionsCant get emotinally attached to characters (which makes you doesn't care if they live or die or cry or whatever)Lineer story, no choice given and one way to proceedConclusion:Buy it before playing watch dogs 2 in order to understand the story and buy it in a sale if possible. Still not a bad game though"
76561198068047040,Not Recommended,243470,27407516,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Widersacher,"It took me 5 attempts to create an account at uplay and when the game finaly started, it crashed 2 times in 5min ;-( while installing  uplay I was  not allowed  *not* to receive their newsletter, and when I wanted to change the configuration via the interface I got 'connection problem - try again later' ... in order to run this game you need to be logged in to steam and uplay - and if one fails ... the game fails - I cant say much about the game because I am giving ist back ... but just getting it to run is pure nightmare"
76561198082344176,Not Recommended,243470,27440345,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,pewking,Not exactly what I expected from the demo footage. Also repetitive and boring>..
76561198064691864,Recommended,243470,10337772,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Spagooby,"I beat Watch Dogs the second day it was out, and I am still playing. There are countless features I haven't even touched yet. I recommend after you beat the main storyline, go back and collect everything. The interesting part is that I assumed It would be a drag trying to get just as much fun out of collecting stuff then actually beating the story line. That is not true. You will have fun all the way around. This is the kind of Inovation that Portal and Portal 2 brought. Games like this are the future. Best. Game. Ever."
,Not Recommended,243470,32781483,Posted: 25 June,all,Zoffix Znet,"The game had a good start; I even had a positive review at first. However, after 27 hours and reaching about the middle of Act 2 (out of 5 acts), I just couldn't stand it any more. The side quests (if you can even call them that) are just the exact same stuff of a few types and the main story is flat and uninspiring.The game has a lot of feel of ""Sleeping Dogs"" to it, except instead of kung fu, you do ""hacking"". I think they devs were going for the same type of Good Guy/Bad Guy choices throughout the game, but what they ended up with is a main character who is nothing more than a creep with a smartphone.You're supposed to be motivated by your niece being killed. But you, the player, don't know her, so you don't care. You're supposed to be motivated by your sister being kidnapped, but you don't know her either, so you don't care about her either. I'm guessing by the end of the game they'll be trying to get you to tear up for your long-lost gramma that you're now supposed to save. And for some baffling reason, at least three people are helping you all along, despite you being an unlikeable creep and them getting nothing worthy in return.For some strange reason, you're playing the ""vigilante"". Sustaining yourself with money stolen (illegal) from others' bank accounts so you could hack (illegal) into the system to spy (illegal) on people's personal details and then race (illegal) to the potential crime spot, accidentally running over a few pedestrians (illegal) on the way, to beat (illegal) the crap out of a guy who was supposedly about to commit a crime, so in the end you come out as the good guy... In what universe does that make sense?The ""hacking"" gets tedious. In the first ten hours it was fun to ""hack"" some dude's explosives and watch him blow up, or ""hack"" a transformer and watch the panic of a black out, but that gets old fast. To ""hack"" something, you just point to it and click your mouse. There's no effort to it. So you end up with just clicking on one camera so you could then click on another camera.Driving is mediocre (you can't even look left in in-car view, so you always make turns blind). Shooting is no challenge. Characters are flat cardboard cut outs. And you—a creep with a cellphone—is in the middle of it all.The game is packed with little meaningless crap and you keep digging it in for a sweet corn kernel and after 27 hours, you find there ain't none. Don't buy this game for more than $10."
,Not Recommended,243470,10443849,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Caydln,Great job Ubisoft.
,Not Recommended,243470,16677263,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,^5prototip99,20 hours max ingame.its worth it if you can get it for 2 bucks on ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥its terrible...
,Recommended,243470,26948682,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,K1ller4Hire,It's like a really bad car crash. You just can't look away no matter how horrible it is.
76561198101036262,Recommended,243470,26985565,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,I don't play this game,Worst game ever played.
,Recommended,243470,23934560,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,DAVVINCCII,ITS GOOD COULD HAVE BEEN GREAT
,Recommended,243470,23884283,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Chromify,There's something so subtle about this that makes it brilliant.
,Not Recommended,243470,12866128,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,=[DSG]= Lan Can't Aim,♥♥♥♥IN BROKE @$$ PIECE A♥♥♥♥♥♥ Get it on PS4 instead. PS4 DOESN'T ♥♥♥♥♥ ABOUT UPLAY.WHY DON'T YOU TRY THEM.I PAID 54.99 FOR A BLUE SCREENSAVER.
76561198111843196,Recommended,243470,21836869,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,PanchoTacos,I hacked a cookie11/10
76561198186566513,Recommended,243470,21809815,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Special Green,It's a great game i recomend it
,Recommended,243470,25276356,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Shadow Marshal,"Watch_Dogs is a game centered around hacking. You play as Aiden Pearce, a vigilante fighting to get revenge from the person who killed his niece.Pros:•Great story•Many enjoyable side missions•Great DLC content which I would highly recommend (especially if on sale)•Great characters (mostly)Cons:•Bad driving mechanics•Main character (Aiden Pearce)is horribleI would highly recommend purchasing the game and all DLC content."
,Recommended,243470,32064199,Posted: 30 May,all,chakster,"Really don't understand the mediocre reviews on this game. There are some performance issues (especially if you don't use SSD), but aside from that, the gameplay mechanics, graphics and characters are top notch. Their simplified version of hacking makes one feel like a modern God, in an interconnected city.Their version of Chicago is detailed, with so many things to do, and most of them fun. The story, while simple, is interesting enough, and kept me engrossed throughout the 30+ hours i've spent on the game already"
,Recommended,243470,25630368,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,GameOverPoi,GTA STYLE with hacks
76561198062156135,Recommended,243470,20794094,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,INJOKATION,XD
76561198052898079,Not Recommended,243470,20885855,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,RPM hellcase.com,"Ubisoft, it's time to stop. I can't play the Division either, servers are♥♥♥♥♥♥ EA, watch your back. Ubi is coming to claim top spot for worst company."
76561198091750761,Not Recommended,243470,20902469,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Otis Bey,"Nice U play system 0,00000000000001/10"
,Recommended,243470,20888212,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Hentai!,Good game made me kill my friends 1/10
,Not Recommended,243470,20838084,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Felix the autistic child,"I download all this♥♥♥♥♥♥ install it, and i wait for the momment of truth, ""DIRECTX VERSION OUTDATED"" So what? By two ♥♥♥♥ing versions, seriously,UPLAY then i have to install SDK repair kit, like this♥♥♥♥♥♥is giving me a real workout, if you wanna serve me♥♥♥♥♥♥do it when i start it without the ♥♥♥♥ing wait."
,Recommended,243470,29243758,Posted: 14 January,all,Shield Pearl,"It's not bad. I find I get very easily distracted with all the optional side missions and multiplayer, and it's really fun."
,Recommended,243470,11595835,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,UnfriendlyMoose,"If you like the idea of GTA with hacking then this is the game for you. If that doesn't sound appealling to you, then you probably should not purchase this game. It's neat that each NPC has their own bio and that killing/injuring them affects your reputation. Get ready to do a lot of ""hacking"" by using cameras and solving puzzles. The story  leaves something to be desired, and honestly leaves you hating the main character.  There are many online modes that are all pretty neat, and I found my self addicted to a few different modes. Overall I would wait for the game to reach $30 or $20  before purchasing."
76561198103642749,Recommended,243470,12084557,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,That One Guy,watch_dogs is a great game it may be a little laggy here and their but other wise the gameplay and story is great
,Recommended,243470,25031980,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,ResidentBilly,No watches. No dogs.
,Recommended,243470,10264896,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Squanchy,"Anyone that is STILL complaining about crashing etc...please stop...consider looking at the POS that you call a computer and think for a sec ""can the game REALLY run on THAT?"" and the answer is no... YES uplay sucks to every extent...but that doenst mean the games going to crash every 5 minutes. I have had no graphical issues or even issues with Uplay (thankfully). For thoes of you who are wondering how the game is...its beautiful!...graphics look amazing gameplay is very NEO-Hacker like. Kinda like a cross between Uplink and GTA ^_^ if thats possible... ohh yeah trolls plz **** off here are my specsi7 3770K32 GB RipJAWZ128 GB SSDGeForce GTX Titan Black Superclocked 6GB edition1000W power suppNoctua Heat Sync - NO LIQUID HERE BBYjust some VERY VERY VERYYYY cold air lol"
,Recommended,243470,27729742,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,>//The_FALCON;TnY,"This game has a lot of inconveniences, but nothing you can't fix with google. It's better than I expected and I definitely recommend it. Not Far Cry 3 level of awesome, but still really good."
,Recommended,243470,10293296,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Deception,"awesome game, great story, best graphics and fun gameplay."
,Recommended,243470,14871062,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,MadMikey,"Not a bad game so far, the controls are a little finicky for keyboard/mouse.  This game is probably easier with a controller. I do like the open sandbox feel of exploration and side missions available anywhere."
,Recommended,243470,11781147,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,GHOST OF XBOX 1,Its so awsome half my Family bought it!!!!!!!!!!! thats how cool it is
76561197961218844,Recommended,243470,10329690,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Ailingforale,"More reviews @TheVideogameBacklog.comIf you’ve bought Watch_Dogs and just have it sitting in your Steam or game disc collection, I’ll skip to the end for you: play the game.I’m a fairly huge fan of open-world games where you can just go and do whatever you want. I guess I’ll specify that it’s really only when you can do what you want to do out of the list of things to do in any order. Watch_Dogs gave me a lot more freedom to be able to access my inner paladin more than almost any other game. When you get reports of a crime about to happen and you can u-turn and stop it. It was freaking sweet (even if it got a little played out near the end).Watch_Dogs basically starts with a job gone bad and hit on you gone wrong. You end up on a full city run-a-muck to figure out what in the world is going on and who’s to really blame for the death of your niece that died on the hit gone wrong (basically). Watch_Dogs has a few twists and turns that kept me interested the whole way through. Well, enough to have me come back and finish the game. Granted, there were a lot of interrupts in my playthrough, but sometimes that spells a non-finished game for yours truly. This was obviously not the case here.There are a ton of things to experience besides the main story (which is why it took me 72 hours to complete the game after I stopped myself from doing all the random stuff). You can investigate people smuggling, stop crimes, play AR games and find QR codes hidden at funky angles. One of the things I didn’t do too much of were the Fixer jobs where you help whoever has a problem that needs “fixing”. The issue I had with them is sometimes there are good causes, but more often than not you’re helping some less-than-savory type of person and that didn’t jive with my good-guy approach to gaming.How you approach the action in Watch_Dogs is mostly up to you. You can go for the stealthy or full guns-blazing approach. The only issue here is the same issue I had with Deus Ex: Human Revolution before and after they patched the bosses. You could play through the whole game and not kill anyone, but as soon as you got to a boss you had to have a shootout which killed the completely stealthy approach they were going for. Even after they patched Human Revolution you still ended up killing the boss in a cut-scene. While Watch_Dogs dances on the same line, the situations that “force” you to use your guns that aren’t attached to your fists seem to be less forced and completely suited to the situations. Whether the situation is that you’re suddenly and completely out-numbered or something extremely horrible happens to a buddy. When you are put into the position of whipping out the pistol it feels exactly like the right thing to do. I was still reluctant to do so since I’ve spent hours sneaking around gang hang-outs taking everyone down with stealth, but it still didn’t really break the immersion.I have only two gripes with my time with Watch_Dogs and one of them isn’t the graphical settings. When Watch_Dogs came out on the PC, it was pretty buggy if you played on the high-end settings so people had to set the specs down and that was a huge negative for some people. It didn’t affect me as much, but I really had to turn the settings down when I did my CToS challenge on Twitch. I didn’t have the processing power to stream and play the game at the same time. It’s probably time for an upgrade and that’s completely on me.The driving was such a pain in the butt. I’m a traditionalist when it comes to PC gaming. I love my mouse and keyboard and will usually prefer them over any other option. Most of my shooters don’t really have driving in them or it’s a tank and then it’s fine. In actual driving simulations there is a gradual increase in speed that a keyboard cannot duplicate, but a controller is specifically designed for. I have to use a controller whenever the driving starts. I’ve been able to play some of the game with a controller since I usually just sneak and melee, but still having to jump back and forth since I am more comfortable with the mouse and keyboard was kind of a pain. I have no fix for this because I understand what they were going for and you can’t achieve it with a keyboard. I still lament because I suck at shooting/aiming with dual joysticks.The other and biggest gripe was the hacking. Now, it’s cool that you could walk around and hack people and get more music and stuff, but stealing is where I draw the line most of the time. That is, of course, unless you’re stealing from some scumbag. What’s funky in Watch_Dogs is that while you have all this hacking power and can do all sorts of cool stuff, you can only hack 45-ish% of the people walking around and it’s completely random. What? Do so many of the people walking around have a way to beat me at my ability to hack their smartphone?!? Really? That’s just dumb… if I walk by a some jerk that uploads child porn and can’t hack and steal money from him/her, but then ten feet later walk by someone who gives money to homeless shelters if up for grabs? Why not everyone? That would make more sense. That’s some seriously messed up mechanics. Maybe they didn’t expect me to read all the little stuff, but… I did. Bad call Ubi, that’s just a dumb and crappy decision.Score: Tasty!My goodness, what a ride. Walking around, stopping crimes, racing people online and stealthy gameplay? Watch_Dogs was easily one of my favorite games at the time and when I finished it recently I have to say that I still enjoy my play time. That story was pretty good for one of those generic action movie flicks. So it wasn’t super deep, but it had some “twists” and while I may have seen them coming, I enjoyed taking part in it. I did feel a little cheated by some of the mechanics built into the game, but in the end that didn’t ruin the experience. Some even added to it. This was a game I would say shouldn’t be missed by almost anyone. Action/FPS/stealth fans are all welcome here. I bought it for the straight $60 when it launched and while I couldn’t play on ultra settings, it was money well spent."
,Recommended,243470,17288416,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Blortox,"Driving is buggy, but can easily be patched with a MOD.Good game concept, Just jumpy at times."
,Recommended,243470,17290583,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Dr.Groose,"Despite all the hate I thought this game was quite fun. It has poor graphics at times and can run a bit slow but the gameplay is really fun. One of the problems I had though is that driving was very difficult and takes a lot of getting used to, it doesn't really help when the game is lagging. I bought it because a friend said it was fun on console and I afdvise, if you don't like open world shooters and/or you have a poor computer buy this at your own risk."
,Not Recommended,243470,19321340,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,giljaysmith,"I played most of the first act and I have to say I didn't fall in love with it at all. It's unusual for me to give up on an open-world game but I feel like I'll be sitting here looking at it a bit grumpily unless I admit to myself that I don't have to love it and finish it. (Because I don't and I don't intend to.) So, I'm gonna write this off as a bit of a disappointment, but maybe they can improve upon it for later."
76561198058047014,Recommended,243470,10402914,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,TheGreenJ,"Hello Steam Community!As many of you know this game has had its ups and mostly downs, as far as performance and issues go. I have played for about 19 hours and I have just reached a point where I might sue this damn company and get my money back! A lot of people have had crashing or lagging issues. My main problem is the crashing. In one sitting the game crashed on me 5 times meaning it blue screened and then restarted my entire computer. Now silly me thinking that this could be affecting my hard drive, I went ahead and ran a disk check to make sure my hard drive wasn't being corrupted by these crashses...Well they did apparently. After the disk check finished and my computer rebooted I went ahead and attempted to play Watch_Dogs. What do I get for playing 19 hours and suffering through crashses and lag, ""Your local savegame file is not in sync with the data on the cloud. Please choose which file to use."" I use the most recent one and when Watch_Dogs starts the ""Continue Game"" option is no longer an option. Where the hell did all of my game data go???This is the main reason for this ""review."" If anyone out there and can somehow tell me to find my saved game data, please let me know. If I am not able to reload that data what the hell is the point of spending another 19 hours playing this game again? Also, if anyone else has ran into this issue suggestions, solutions, or tips are appreciated.Thank you all for reading my short (which could be longer) rant about this game. Hopefully someone can help me.Sincererly,Frustrated Player"
,Recommended,243470,10419337,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,newtonheaven,"UPLAY SUCKS, BUT THE GAME IS EXCELLENT, LOVE IT!11/10"
,Recommended,243470,10265536,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Jooppi,kinda like it kinda dont
76561198010635255,Recommended,243470,10265546,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Bleeds,"This will be my first review on any product. It will start to say that I have 7 hours in the game when it is more like 18 because of the UPLAY thing.The UPLAY thing being that, until I actually told UPLAY to remember my login info, it would make Steam thing that I was not in the game when I actually was.  I didn't notice that until many hours into the game.Yes, Uplay did give me some issues, but I was able to get logged in after about 4 tries. Activation had no issues.Almost by happenstance, as soon as I got the game activated, NVIDIA wanted to update drivers, so I let it.Running version 337.88 now.I've read allot of reviews where people have had issues with lockups, glitches etc. I have had only 1 lockup and crash in my 18 hours so far. No noticeable frame drops.  No glitches that I've noticed.AMD 8350 4GHz16G ramNVIDIA GeForce GTX 760Ok, that said. Gameplay.Yep, took a bit to get used to. I'm using K/M so it may have been a bit easier for me. The combat system does give me some frustration on moving from position to position, but after a little practice it gets easier, along with the aiming.Driving is likewise frustrating at times. But learning a few tricks to compensate for the AI cars will still get you around town.Hacking in the game is really just as easy as hitting the Hack button on people and boom. The only thing to really watch out for is what type person you are stealing from. You will need to harden your heart when you steal from the newly diagnosed cancer patient etc.Other hacking in the game so far is a puzzle system of getting signal from one side to another and involving timers possibly.So far I've enjoyed the minigames that I have tried so far, but I have not tried them all.One thing I'm really trying to get used to is the ""invasion"" system. Where other players can come in and hack you. Or you can go to another players game and hack them.I know there is a lot of reviews out there with troubles, but I have to review this one what I have experienced. What I have experienced is little to no trouble and actually have been having fun with the game so far. So, I will give this a yes on the recommendation with the caveat that you should be prepared just in case you start having problems."
,Recommended,243470,10265853,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,JoeCool,"First things first, I had the crashing issue going on becasue of my AMD radeon card. I ended up fixing it by updating my drivers to their absolute latest and I've had no issues since. UPlay has been working well enough as to allow me to play. So after several hours of headache, I managed to get 5 or 6 hours of play.The game itself is pretty okay, good even. It's very GTA-ish, with the sneaky features. I don't know, I'm enjoying it."
76561198090877974,Recommended,243470,10266149,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,TheJizzla,this game is great just buy this game dont think about it just get it
,Recommended,243470,10266222,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,StitchJones,"I have had none of the UBIsoft issues that have been causing folks to write negative reviews.I think the game is a total blast, it's pretty much just an Assassins Creed set in modern day for the most part with some of the game mechanics that were in Ghost Recon: Future Soldier.  It's soild, well written and simply offers you tons of mindless things to do while playing.  If you have a higher end PC or graphics card the Ultra settings are pretty mind blowing.  I am sure as the game ages, get's patched and updated all of the quirks will go away and then those who are reading these reviews and blow over all the thumb downs and focus on the good that this game offers!"
76561197973269805,Recommended,243470,10266328,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Lurq,"8/10I'm having tons of fun with this game!Huge city and lots of stuff to do. Not only is there a solid single player campaign in there with interesting characters and classic raspy voice revenge story but also side missions that takes you through the whole world and back with a big adrenaline pump.That's not the best part though, it's the multiplayer. Taken straight from games like Dark Souls players can invade your world if you're not doing missions and then you can do a selection of different modes like hide and seek to racing. It even is connected to this mobile app which lets mobile users invade your world and mess up your day in serious ways as a police helicopter and you need to escape.This human element into these classic GTA scenarios makes this game a fun next step in the sandbox genre!"
,Recommended,243470,10265884,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Atl7s,"Look. Everybody knows its badly optimised. I know its badly optimised. However, if you can tolerate 30 fps at alright graphics (maxed out it is very nice though), it is actually a really fun game!Pros-Lots to do outside out of the campaignLoads of ways to complete and objectiveVast amount of people, some with very amusing information about themMany, many, gunsClever multiplayerCons-HORRIBLY OPTIMISEDCars are quite sameyCops do not understand how to drive a boatEDIT: I've seen lots of people say how bad the driving is. On a keyboard. I agree with them mostly, but I just use a controller for it, which the devs recommend anyway, and it's actually quite nice."
,Recommended,243470,10266019,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,KuruZero,best game 9/10
76561198090832129,Recommended,243470,10325918,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Azcension,GTA is way overrated. Watch Dogs is way underrated.
,Recommended,243470,17635988,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Shameless Plug,"A lot of my friends dislike this game but honestly I can't see why, the graphics are astounding, the gameplay is brilliant and there is a storyline which can be followed, this is beyond doubt one of my favourite games to date."
,Recommended,243470,29929742,Posted: 14 February,all,Cole| CS Money| Giveways,"Well, I thought this would be good because i played watch_dogs 2 on my Xbox one and this game is soo good. It is like Grand Theft Auto"
,Not Recommended,243470,20253888,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Queen of Hearts,"Extremely bad game, I hated it, then I got banned from ubisoft."
,Not Recommended,243470,21482241,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,KaMiKaZeCATS,[Hacking Intensifies]HACKING IN PROGRESS.......AREA 51 HACKED!ILLUMNATI HACKED!NASA HACKED!BANKS HACKED!EMPIRE STATE BUILDING HACKED!USA HACKED!L337 HAX0R REKT DEM SCRUBS
76561198008393899,Not Recommended,243470,22639715,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,choppy777,
76561198119978955,Not Recommended,243470,16464856,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,EternalClimb,"Hackers broke into this hack-based-game  and challenged me to a hacking contest, while I hacked the CTOS to hack citizens.You know what, I doubt I would ever throw my money again to Ubisoft as publisher.-Ubi forums are dead-Ubi support interface is nonesence, never managed to find a way to create a ticket-Being that big publisher they won't protect my online pvp experience against cheaters of all kinds. They also won't prohibit hackers even if you provide them with video evidence of hacking, Hackers use CheatEngine -based trainers to do really blatant stuff *sick*-Multiplayer won't give you possibility to choose closest to your location server (though there most likely none of them) - means you'll have to deal with long ping issues.-Hell, they don't even have text chat in multiplayer !-Poor optimisation, lagging even in SP, no HUD tweaking-Nonsenual NPCs descriptions, like when you see hobo who barely walks, described as skydiving instructor with incomes like $70K-Not really open world - you may reach not much in altitude"
,Not Recommended,243470,22267801,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,𝔻𝕆ℕ𝔼 𝕄𝔸ℍ 𝔾𝕃𝔸𝕊𝕊,Easily the biggest mistake of my life.
,Recommended,243470,16871984,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Auggg,"kills civilian, loses reputation, goes into private multiplayer, becomes gtaspent thousands of dollars on clothes, slept in a shipping containerrode the tram, tram is funthis game was a place-holder for gta5i still rate 10/10 tho"
,Recommended,243470,10349155,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Pogz0r,"I'm so surprise when I got to read all those negative reviews about this game. All I can say is this game is mad AMAZING! Didn't even encounter any crashes/graphics problem using a mid range GPU while running it on high settings. Graphics is already awesome for me on high and I could only imagine how it looks like when its maxed out. The UPlay log in doesn't even bother me since it does it automatically after I launch Steam. Right now, I'm still halfway through the story and did some roaming around the cities and all I can say is this game rocks! I also love how you can do so much things differently on every single missions. Either do it stealthy using hacks or jst run in and bomb everyone with IED. I also love the storyline for some reasons but I think I need to know more backgrounds about the side characters to get to know them better. But other than that, its all good. To be honest, I haven't even played GTA V yet since it hasn't came out on PC yet but this game is way better than most open world action game I've ever played."
76561197970265058,Not Recommended,243470,13026396,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,turkeypotpie,"Multimillion dollar game ... and I can't even properly aim with the mouse.Several months past release, the problem still exists."
76561198060775576,Not Recommended,243470,13012006,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,armada,"So I have an up to date PC with more than the requirements and if Ubi hadn't screwed this up so bad I'd probably still be enjoying it. I was super excited for this in the months leading up and have been nothing but disappointed since release. It ran like hell on release as everyone knows. No problem right? I'm patient, I figured I'd wait it out and trusted Ubi to come out with a patch to solve the horrendous issues on PC. Several attempts to play it since then and it is still crap. The only way I can even launch this thing is on windowed mode with the smallest resolution possible. After that I can change it and max out and/or play with the settings. Heck I've even tried the myriad of fixes recommended across the internet. Around its launch it would simply crash every few minutes. Granted, it does not crash as often now but the stuttering and FPS loss continues to render it unplayable. Months after and buyer STILL BEWARE.As for the actual story and that ilk, I can't say I can give my opinion on it since the only part I've been able to play were the first few torturous, crash-laden missions."
76561198140622206,Recommended,243470,16623898,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,cubflyer,"A little laggy, but if you are choosing between this game and GTA 5 based on how appropriate each are, get this game. GTA is still a great game franchise though. I would give this game a 5-star rating and highly reccomend it. Also, it is made by Ubisoft, the creaters of the Assassins Creed Franchise. If you like those games, this can be described as a modern day version of it with parkour taken out. Violence-wise, I would give this about a 4 out of 5 star, when GTA 5 is a 5 out of 5 star. Learning wise, Watch_Dogs will teach you that people can learn so much about you by just reading your phones data.GTA 5 doesn't exactly teach a lesson.  I would give in-game sexual activity a 2 out of 5 star rating. GTA 5 would be a 5 out of 5 star rating again. Lastly, Cursing wise, I would give Watch_Dogs a 4 out of 5 star when GTA 5 is obviously a % out of 5 star."
,Not Recommended,243470,10300998,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,L.O.L,"lol, After trying 10 times of activating the CDcode, it worked on the rubbish uplay but then it doest show the game on the gamepage, so how am i suppost to play the game? or did i got trolled by Uplay again?"
,Not Recommended,243470,17273785,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,xrat20,"There are two main reasons I do not reccomend Watch_Dogs, even though I did enjoy the game and though that the campaign was enjoyable.First: U-PlaySecond: There is not enough content or replayability for a forty dollar game. If it is on sale and only costs $15.00, I would consider that a fair price for the game."
,Recommended,243470,28664951,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,SQUENIX BASED REMAKE,Watch_Dogs was a really great Open World TPS. The story makes you question the morality of the main character. It's an interesting setting and an interesting topic. The combat is fun. The driving is great. The snealth doesn't make me want to rip my eyes out. I suggest purchasing the COmplete edition. The Bad Blood DLC adds ~5 hours of story that is a great addition to the end of the story and gives more information on a character within the main plot.
,Recommended,243470,10324444,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Camo_Vecmin,"If you like to play assassin creed in a modern world, this is a way to do it. No hidden blades, smoke bombs things like that. Instead it change to a smartphone and modern weapons. This game is fun."
,Not Recommended,243470,10388719,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,I'llTakeAPotatoChipAndEatIt,Better than GTA 5EDIT: This game didn't hold up very well.
,Recommended,243470,14270508,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Killersandy,"amazing game, best game ever, now i have to get a better grafics card, i start playing this game and it frez, but the game itself it the best game ever, my hardware is a pile of crap but it working as i perfect it along the way, i love watch dogs, i can play watch dogs for 10 days non stop, amazing games"
,Recommended,243470,10267588,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Stupid Russian,I like this game. Interesting. Lots of text. Lots of stuff to explore... But UPLAY is ♥♥♥♥ing killing it all. You just cant run the game because you cant ♥♥♥♥ing log in UPLAY!!!!!
76561198005771026,Not Recommended,243470,10340616,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Salter,"I do recomended, but the moment... ♥♥♥♥ ubisoft, majority of people have amd anf still cannont play it, including me, plus they release dlc before a godamn patch... get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together ubisoft i payed 70$ for this and still havent got what i paid for."
,Recommended,243470,20384806,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Natos,"I won't talk even about Uplay. I think it's stupid when people give a bad review based on that. I mean it's a ubisoft game, ofc it will have Uplay. You have problems with it, just don't buy the game.Now that i took that out of the way, let get to the actual game.The game isn't as bad as lots of people make it look like. Maybe was because i never got into the hype train, but i really enjoyed the game. It's not an amazing game, but it's still a good game for the price they are asking.The graphics are nice, and the optimization is not that bad. I played it on a laptop with a GT 740M on 1920x1080 on overall medium settings and still got way over 30 fps. I know is not amazing but for a GC like this one is still nice.The story is not something that will blow your mind, but is still good, although predictable. The voice acting is good, and they fit the characters well. The music on other hand is a weak point. Not that the music is bad but it's diversity is not even a fraction of a GTA game.The gameplay is fun, speacially when we use the hacks to take out enemies, although it could had been worked on more. As for the combat, it's not the game's stronghest point, beeing average at best. The driving is not bad after you get used to it, and the cars drive differently depending on the kind of the car, with some being hard to handle, but still way better than the boat-cars of GTA IV.Overall i would give a 7.5/10 to this game, but if you are not sure if you should buy it, get it when it's at 50% discount or more."
,Not Recommended,243470,28840371,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,(dumbass) jazzy,"Its just one of the buggiest pieces of to ever be made by Ubisoft. That being said it's still fun to spend 50 hours to really see how awful it really is. I mean how did they honestly think releasing this was a good idea, i haven't even brought watch dogs 2 yet out of principle of never giving Ubisoft money."
,Recommended,243470,12003193,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,THE ENTIRE KEKISTANI REPUBLIC,"Beats the♥♥♥♥♥♥OUTA GTAV.....better char handling, better gun handaling,  better char FALLS,    and it's just a better game the whole way round.  interested to see where it goes."
,Recommended,243470,34250722,Posted: 15 August,all,DareDeviL,"Not sure as to vvhy this game received belovv par ratings. Totally liked the story and the gamepay.Kinda like GTA, vvhere you can hack any surveillance system. Use them vvisely :P You dont vvant getting hacked yourself.Gameplay: 4/5Graphics:   4/5Story:         3/5"
,Recommended,243470,34271946,Posted: 16 August,all,STAR KING TON,Good
76561198319684110,Recommended,243470,34279637,Posted: 16 August,all,robinsbear05,Gr8 game
76561198171965287,Not Recommended,243470,26312197,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Siep,Boring game
,Recommended,243470,16812394,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,"X-TREME PC BUILD-ER ""(GR)""","The game is a usual UBISOFT game, like all  Assassin's Creed.Open wolrd game you can go eveywae you wnna go there are missions and more good staff.Incredible graphics, nice gaeplay NUT I have one problem I can play the game only ofline without Cloud saves via Uplay ow I'm takling with them to resolve the isuue-problem.from 1 to 10I give 9 for the game 3 for the problem."
76561198056917161,Recommended,243470,20143813,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Dantalian,"I'm going to jump right in and give Watch Dogs a solid thumbs up. Yes Aiden is a bit of a 1 dimentional character, yes some of the side missions can feel very samey after a while, but all in all these were not enough to detract me from what is essentially a really good game. And in the Steam sale you'd be foolish not to add it to your collection."
,Not Recommended,243470,20167232,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,BurninRubbr,"This game...I spent 8 hours downloading it and all it gives me is 10 minutes of game time then I asked for a refund. My computer SHOULD be able to play this game but even on the lowest settings seems to bomb out. I would not recommend this game unless you have the top of the top PC, if you want this game i'd suggest getting it on console."
76561198081040173,Not Recommended,243470,20130702,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Anna Rosa,All the mission are same. GG
,Not Recommended,243470,20138598,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,zaeta,"Unoptimized, Uplay, Driving feels very arcade-like, hacking gets way too repetetive.Don't buy it unless it's at least 50%-75% off, at least."
76561198024198194,Recommended,243470,20166564,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,UFO Reality,"After spending around $6 on this game when I saw that the deluxe pack was cheaper to get than the stand alone game, I think the price is right. The game is so so and the bargain basement price was the only reason I decided to take a risk on a game that got a lot of negative reviews from other buyers. Wouldn't have bothered otherwise. Worth the price of a video rental. I recommend at this price but no more than that."
76561198168414849,Recommended,243470,19592822,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Rodknock's Mod Shop,Gangland 2k15 simulator. Nuff said.11/10 would run from cops for giggles for hours again.
,Recommended,243470,34598528,Posted: 29 August,all,MuchA,So much better than watch dogs 2
,Recommended,243470,13645591,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Deadmi102,love it
76561197984709706,Recommended,243470,10403166,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,tusler,"I bought this and played it for 6 hours straight just running around and having fun running from the cops, doing a couple of side quest and hacking bank accounts for money. It is a fun and addictive game. I am running this on a MSI mobo, 12 gig of ram, GF 770 2 gig video, Intel I7 2600K not over clocked running at 3.4 ghz. I have had no stuttering, or frame problems. I run the game with all settings on High and difficulty on Normal.This is one that will remain on my hard drive for a long time!"
76561198353279093,Recommended,243470,29384744,Posted: 20 January,all,Zombieslayer9543,HOW DO YOU ♥♥♥♥ING SEND THE DAMN ACTIVATION CODE TO YOUR DAMN EMAIL???????
,Not Recommended,243470,16404036,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,T H I C C  Daddy Salvia,Down with pooPlay
76561198328843212,Recommended,243470,34101279,Posted: 8 August,all,tausabao,"it's a nice game to play, what's with the bad reviews."
,Recommended,243470,18434513,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,The Guest,7/10
,Recommended,243470,10296955,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Spruce,"I don't understand all the hate for this game. At first, yes, when running around and driving there were major stuttering issues. By turning down Textures from high to medium it completely eliminated any stuttering problems.Performance aside, this game is great. The world and NPCs are dynamic and react to your actions, weather and time of day, and some of their actions will change depending on your reputation. The story hooks you and makes you want to continue, but you often find yourself distracted by the many events going on in the game. Stop a crime, deliver vehicles in a certain time, prevent a convoy of criminals from reaching their destination. The multiplayer also seamlessly comes into the singleplayer, creating a sense that there are other players who could be watching you.Overall:Pros:Story is goodOnline contracts (multiplayer)Hacking creates a new element to combatOpen world & NPCsCons:Performance issues on certian GPUsuPlay can occasionally fail to connectSome people find the driving 'arcadey', and the vehicle damage is quite unrealisticLack of dogs to watch."
,Not Recommended,243470,10354699,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Alexander,"For me Watch Dogs was a disappointment. I was looking forward to playing a hacker protagonist, and I hoped this might cultivate a unique main character for once. Unfortunately Ubisoft Montreal completely screwed it up.The Good:-Combat system works well, shooting is satisfying.-Stealth works well and is fun.-Hacking is easy to do on the fly.-Environments are highly detailed, and interesting to explore.-There are a lot of side missions and other activities outside the main story.The Bad:-Main character is boring, and horribly realized. He's genuinely a horrible person with almost no likeable features.-Supporting cast is all right, but again poorly realized.-The radio stations/media app were all chosen by what I assume to be a 12 year old emo boy. Music sucks, and there is not enough variety.-Over all sound design is ok, but nothing special.-POORLY OPTIMIZED PC GRAPHICS!-Boring mission design.-Boring story and writing.-Complete lack of technical terminology and a lack of interesting hacking applications.-Side activities often appear as *Not Available* for no apparent reason, and without explanation.-Driving mechanics are horrible, and incredibly annoying.So to sum it up I would say if your interested in Watch Dogs wait for it to go down in price. This games is not worth the full price investment. The buy line for me would probably be $19.99 or less."
76561198060057539,Not Recommended,243470,10281842,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,[TRAF] bloomer1338,SUPER LAGGY. TOOK A DAY TO EVEN PLAY (THANKS UPLAY). SUPER UNOPTIMIZED.
76561198053498107,Recommended,243470,13727582,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,pablokster,Awesome game!
,Recommended,243470,10290747,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Judge Lazar,"Only played maybe an hour to get stuff setup, reminds me of The Last Of Us. Final verict unknown, prognosis positive"
,Recommended,243470,10913921,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,MrG1BZ,"I'm changing my review of this game from bad to good. Here's why:1: The replay value on the game is great, and even though I gave it a bad review in the past, I can't say there's much wrong with this game these days. A lot of bug fixes were needed and personally, it looks like they've been made.2: Hacking. I like it. A lot. Online Hacking and Tailing missions are a lot of fun.3: The Story. Period.Changing my previous review from 4.5/10 to 7/10.If you don't like being hacked, then turn it off."
76561198061151641,Recommended,243470,21915298,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,VirginBuster,Good concept
,Not Recommended,243470,10331722,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,AbhChallenger,"At best the game is ""average"" is about all I can say. However, This is Ubisoft not some Kickstarter project. Forced Stealth, Framerate issues, boring gameplay. They could have done far better. And so can you with your game funds."
,Recommended,243470,10466672,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Laissez Faire,Have had zero problems what so ever. Dont let all the people ♥♥♥♥♥ing about Uplay turn you off for the game. It has a great story and the gameplay seems very cenimatic.
,Not Recommended,243470,11854344,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Clone303,"please dont buy this game for it's was made by fools and all main story characters are boring cry ♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, i have nothing good to say about this game and it needs a rename to: ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Simulatorhere is a video why:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xo3EatO♥♥♥♥♥amp;index=1&list=PLu_Jc10gF_fBKOZKkzbh7ytwx4BoY2sb8orhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f6e6pkDKa78&list=PLu_Jc10gF_fBKOZKkzbh7ytwx4BoY2sb8&index=3&src_vid=xo3EatO♥♥♥♥♥amp;feature=iv&annotation_id=annotation_721871979orhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fEWvkDbbaZU&list=PLu_Jc10gF_fBKOZKkzbh7ytwx4BoY2sb8&index=3Video was not made by me but by MattShea369 and the video is not a review but will i think it's as good as one"
,Not Recommended,243470,21917194,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Nox,"I really wanted to like this game- and it seems like it has all the elements to be good but it's just not.  It somehow manages to be so bland that I just couldn't be bothered to keep playing.There are so many promising components but somehow they are all done so - drably.  Imagine if you had a table full of designers, and they argued until they reduced every cool idea in the lowest common denominator - that's what this game screams to me - design by committee.I could be wrong, but god I do not understand how something can have so many correct elements and still be so wrong."
,Not Recommended,243470,24812148,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Sethioz.xyz,"Game had lot of potential, but typical of Ubisoft, they ruined it all. Pedestrians and traffic is very poorly made, for example if you use the feature to change traffic lights, then drivers go crazy and accelerate faster than the car even can and they purposly crash into eachother ... i guess it was done to create those movie like crashes, but it's lame if you look at it more than once.Pedestrians are acting very dumb too, compared to GTA series ... well you can't even compare.Also game starts to lag because of video memory leak after about 10-30 minutes of playing, regardless of graphics card. Back at the day i bought the game i had GTX 680 SLI, then I tried with GTX 980 HoF and now i have GTX 1080 and still having lag spikes here and there.Game is badly optimized and rushed with very little effort put towards game experience and finally, on E3 Ubisoft showed amazing graphics, but just like they ALWAYS do with every game, they degraded graphics to look very basic on release.Lot of smoke / fog effects have been removed, lot of light effects been removed ..etc ..etcI think think i will ever give positive review to any ubisoft game, they simply care about $$$, they rush their games and degrade graphics. They show you diamonds on E3 or other game expos just so that people get interested and then release will be complete crap.Based on ubisoft's past, i will not be buying Watch Dogs 2. again they show nice graphics, but i'm sure they will degrade and people will be mad over it."
76561198072424165,Recommended,243470,10434535,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Morgosin,I Love this game!!!!!
,Recommended,243470,10731188,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,EBOLA,A bit buggy and the story was predictable but the gameplay is so much fun and the online is very refreshing.
,Recommended,243470,10260157,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,IsCoolGuy,"I liked it.Yeah, yeah... plot holes, textures, ect...It's still good...Pre-ordered the deluxe version. Fun game 8/10.No, it did not live up to the hype that it built, but it's still a good game."
,Recommended,243470,21529848,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,FrostGByte,Me like game. Game fun fun.
,Recommended,243470,21526226,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Xide,it tried.
76561198084101169,Recommended,243470,10257854,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,bigboss890,guys get this game its ♥♥♥♥ing awesome 10/10
,Recommended,243470,10259240,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Doop,"One of the most anticipated games of 2014 has finally come.Watch_Dogs, in my opinion, is the best game I've played so far.I've been waiting for this since it was revealed in E3 2012, so you may thinkthat this review is coming from a dedicated fanboy. But no, I'veseen flaws in the game as well which made me certainly disappointed.But that's not the main idea here, overall, the game is fantastic.Ubisoft, as said in one of Watch_Dogs' preview videos, has focused on supportingdifferent player styles in the game. Whether to hack into a command centergoing all-out blazing, or, stealthily sneak past the guards and succesfully hack into thesystem, and even doing so without even going inside. The choice is yours in this game.If I were to give this game my own name, it would be called ""A More Realistic GTA V with Hacking and stuff"".I've been playing on the Realistic difficulty lately, and what convinces me is that pistols actually kill you almost instantly.Of course, it's a game. It's not 100% realistic, in fact, randomly shooting a silenced pistol in a place filled with guard won't even catch their attention... unless you show yourself to them.The game's graphics are incredible. It felt so immersive that I actually felt that I was in the world of Aiden Pearce.The sounds even sound high definition from my iPod external speakers... at least, in my opinion.The gameplay mechanics stand out in this game. The fact that you could control almost all of Chicago using your smartphone makes it a true Open-World game.The seamless online connectivity during single-player is awesome. Going back to single-player is instant.And the ctOS mobile companion app? Haha, I haven't tried it. I can't wait to do so though.I haven't finished the game. But this review is based off my first impressions of the game.8.5/10It's a true open-world game."
,Recommended,243470,10775336,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,tuzin,"Excelente o jogo , podem comprar e jogar =D"
,Not Recommended,243470,10270093,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Rick Sanchez,"very disapointed! over hyped graphics could be better but its not all about the graphics,they promissed us a totally differant game! its boring,missions for the campaign are way to short and dull! driving is terrible,online is just a bore like the rest of this game side missions are mostly the same chasea guy down on foot and knock him down! most agravating this is i cant shoot while driving and the AI is syupid they dont talk or fight with yyou if you bump into them,they dont try to shoot you,nothing. i give it a 4.8 but its my opinion,cant blind fire if you come out of cover to fire you die in 2 seconds!i got sit here for days and tell you you how much they left out of this game and just hope dumd the AI is or how dull the city is,the city should be full of life and funny and crazy charachters just like chicago is in real life! in know because im from chicago,the worst representation of chicago ive ever seeen in a game! nothing about this says next gen! i hate to see what ubisoft did to the ""DIVISION"" dsad.just sad had so much potentailDO NOT BUY DO NOT SUPPORT UBISOFT UNTILL THEY SHOW SOME RESPECT FOR PC GAMERS AND GAMERS IN GENERAL ALL I CAN SAY IS GREED! people have reallt taken EA and activisions buisness practices to heart.UPDATE 1/27/2016: watchdogs over a year later is still total garbage. I thought i'd humor myself since i paid $70 for this pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥and never finished it. Ubisoft hasn't patched anything. If they have it didn't fix much of anything. Mechanics,gameplay,weapons,hit detection,driving,frame rate,textures,etc...are still the worst I've ever seen in a game. Not to mention just how boring the game is anyway's. IMO watchdogs is the worst rushed game I've ever seen in my almost 20 year's of gaming."
76561198164127369,Not Recommended,243470,28655655,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Tasty shit,"Eh, can do betterWhen your done with the game, theres nothing left to do.Everything thats not the story is ♥♥♥♥ing impossible....Don't buy it.gg."
,Not Recommended,243470,11607359,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Aleas,"Game is very buggy, loads of optimization issues and just not what we were promised..  save your money and wait for GTA V on PC."
76561198027502541,Recommended,243470,17296818,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Hugo Stiglitz,Pretty cool gameI didn't want to buy it at first because of all the complaintsbut I didn't notice any problems so farThe game runs smooth at around 100 fpswith dips as low as 80 fps (gtx 960)
76561198253391641,Recommended,243470,33131016,Posted: 2 July,all,Pakman,I could be driving in real life while intoxicated and still drive better than in this game. The hacking and combat on the other hand is fun.
,Recommended,243470,27434031,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Oceanus,Good
76561198081051429,Not Recommended,243470,10387699,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Single Because I Touch Kids,"i just love it when thisgame crshes my computer, i think i got my 60 dollars worth"
76561198008751254,Recommended,243470,10993762,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Robert,"Many other reviews posted focus on crashes and Uplay, which are not part of the game.  I have sunk nearly 15 hours into playing Watch Dogs and have encountered neither crashes, or any problems with Uplay.  My only problem is lag, but that may be due to my rig not being quite up to spec.  In the game (even on the lowest settings) the city of Chicago is impressive in its design and the multitude of activities available are great too.  The driving takes a bit of time to get used to but it is still cool to go full power down a road and then powersilde as you attempt to round a corner.  The hacking is interesting and exciting.  Hack a phone for cash or uncover someone with a high crime probability whom you have to stop.  Doing so gives you reputation, which decreases chance of being bothered by the police.  Gun physics are great as well.  Auto-fire for too long and see the barrel rise, while burst fire keeps that in check and each has a different rating to guide you towards the best, allowing you to become a proficient vigilante.  The story may not be something penned by a great writer, but it touches at everything anyone would do; whatever we could to protect our families.Alltogether, i would give Watch Dogs a 9/10 rating.  The only reason it is not higher is due to the demanding spec to run it."
,Not Recommended,243470,10348448,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Media Darling,The best way to experience this game is go towww.hack.com/virus.exeand run whatever you download from there. Maybe put it on a floppy disc first.
,Not Recommended,243470,10769800,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,FrankDaTank1218,"Stutters more than porky pig unless you crank it down to sub next gen console graphics, even then it runs under 45fps and dips down to the 20's randomly or when you look upwards.Game would be merely average (7/10) if it ran well, Shooting? basic. ""parkour""? Like Assassin's Creed but less in-depth.  Driving? Clunky.  Stealth? Like Splinter Cell but more basic. Mouse acceleration is annoying and makes aiming and recoil weird and unresponsive.Uplay is obtrusive and unreliable, it is especially annyoing dealing with it and Steam together. Multiplayer has issues from cheating, to hackers (lol real ones, not in-game lore ones), to functionality issues.The protagonist is about as bland and empty as you can get, an unassuming white dude with a typical raspy ""hero voice"" that lost a loved one and is fighting criminals.Most gameplay with hacking is just a one button press that either opens doors, kills enemies, distracts for stealth, or disables cars.Police are dumb, they don't have boats and helis don't go into the open water so going into water means insta-win.UI is made for consoles and mouse usage is awkward.Even if you had a supercomputer to max it out, the graphics aren't ugly but they are nothing special, not warranting the high spec requirement, and are clearly downgraded from promotional material. Many specualtions are out there as to why, but I won't theorize here.Unimpressive graphics, boring story, broken, unoptimized, unimpressive gameplay, hacking is actually just a tiny gimmick. Uplay is anti-consumer and obtruse.4/10P.S. I'm no longer excited for Far Cry 4 because of Ubi's growing record of crap, especially on the PC front."
,Recommended,243470,11118537,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,"Ricey, Professional 70's Pimp","Update released today, fixed the fps issues for higher end computers like mine. Everything works great! Buy this game!!!"
,Not Recommended,243470,14684819,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,shadow731,THIS GAME IS HORRIBLE LARGE LAG SPIKES I AM RUNNING AMD R9290X 3G CARD GAME IS CHOPPY
,Recommended,243470,10327745,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Mr. Manager,"Despite the problems that uPlay had at launch, I've had a whole boatload of fun with this game (26 hours and counting, and I don't plan on slowing down ANY time soon).  The 1v1 multiplayer is a blast, and extremely stressful, the singleplayer story is engaging and believable, and the characters are all well voiced, mo-capped, animated, textured, and the like.  The $60 price tag (or $70 for the DDE) is a bit steep, but since I only paid about $30 for the DDE due to selling hats and cards on the Steam Marketplace, I feel like I've already gotten my money's worth out of this game, and that I have so much more to explore in it."
,Recommended,243470,33298028,Posted: 5 July,all,^;After^4Busters,"I'm very recomend this product, the very good graphic, reasonable price, good story. Just like GTA, but this game includes hacking skills..."
76561198118456139,Recommended,243470,29404533,Posted: 21 January,all,jthecamel,"I will admit there are some bugs that require serious investigation and repair. Game stopping, so you can look up workaround type of bugs, like the Tyrone scenerio in the main campaine (bomb the crap out of the house is the fix btw.) Other then that...great game. Hours of fun, car chases, shootouts, puzzles, games, story line, characters that are cool. The game is top flight and I would recomend it to anyone. I'll wait till they drop the price of watch Dogs 2 to below twenty bucks and buy that one as well."
76561198247967662,Recommended,243470,29405266,Posted: 21 January,all,PenguinMe3451,One of the best games I have ever played. I've spent hours on it and still haven't compleated the campaign.
,Recommended,243470,29417603,Posted: 22 January,all,Inisial_Z,best hacking game ever
76561198067221264,Recommended,243470,29430568,Posted: 22 January,all,Griswold,"Taking into account that there was much hype around this game before the actual launch, and then the disappointed voices that probably were expecting something more, I would not say that this was a bad game after all, probably it was better that I did not get to play it back in 2014, but rather now, because I started playing it without expecting a masterpiece, and definitely a weaker correspondent to GTA V.PROS:- I can appreciate the hard work put in such a vast open world game with so many side objectives and spontaneous interactive opportunities. Not all side quests are enjoyable, but some of them are really ok.- Innovative gaming concept - hacking.- Music is nice.- Characters have personality.- Variety of Cars, outfits, perks, weapons and content in general.- The option to fast travel. and others..CONS:- Lack of decent optimization like many of the Ubisoft games. I mean, this game has visible FPS Drops and spikes issues no matter the rig specifications, probably due to the large map divided in many areas which have to be loaded in real time but failing to do so appropriately.- Physics are somewhere around average; while it has good moments, most of the car crashes and basically when cars are involved physics tend to fail at realism.- Environmental NPCS don't react very well to your actions.Storyline is somewhere in between, at least half of the game offers entertaining moments, the end is pretty immersive, but in general what happens doesn't seem very realistic.And not to mention...pretty repetitive actions during missions, hack, solve puzzle, choose between killing fixers/hitmen that are after you or simply escape pursuit.For me, it was quite an enjoyable experience and all in all I'd give it an 7,5-8/10."
76561198143257798,Not Recommended,243470,17342218,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,not gay but a dollar is a dollar,"WARNING: DO NOT BUY THIS GAMEthis is where i bash the game for being overall♥♥♥♥♥♥ i need to warn you that the game may not runyou will get to uplay, the code will not work and you just wasted you money.now is the point where i bash the gamethe protoganist is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, that is the entire reason for the storythe sneak system is brokencars are near indestructbleyou cant shoot from cars, so like i said, there is no point in car combatgame supposed to be good for letting you play as a hacker has barely any hackmight just have more bugs then superman 64moral system that rewards players for being the bad guy by adding eventsthe worst ai i seen in my entire life, and i mean ityou have near no hp, you take less then half a sec to die at close range""everything is connected"" except uplayand the list just goes on and onbig rigs 2 you is so bad the fun comes from how bad at ishatred is so bad it got a lot of everyone noticed and bought itbut this. this is just so terrible it is not funny. it is a waste of moneythis game is straight up the worst game i ever played in my entire life"
,Recommended,243470,15118402,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,ZadaNotZaida,"Short review: I quite liked it. A quick, 1 week game for the main missions. But the last 3 missions were very, very well made, and you should look forward to them.Long review:Pros: Lots of game time for hardcore 100%-rsQuite a few missions even if you aren't a 100% guy (or girl :P)The weapon shipment side quest, loved it (all though the end is very hard)Doesn't require a super computer, just a decent rig (allthough my GTX 750 only got 30 FPS with highish settings)The graphics, allthough barely a pro.Cons: The graphics, as well.The occasional CTD, not as bad as some Ubisoft ports.Aiden pearce doesn't have alot of emotions (hardly a con as it's a story element if you look close enough)There needs to be more suits (allthough you can mod them in.The AI driving (even though this is very rare) can swerve ALOT and all so be invincible."
,Recommended,243470,33375370,Posted: 8 July,all,B〄F Altonator,Hacked my washing machine10/10
,Not Recommended,243470,22105057,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,phexitol,"I've been wanting to play this game for quite some time. Now that the Complete Edition is on sale for $15, I figured why not. But then UPlay"
76561198052233435,Recommended,243470,14917151,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,CryMeARiverCG,"Bought a new graphics card just to play this!11/10Would buy another graphics card again!----------On a more serious note.I highly recommend this game, though I do recommend getting the Bad Blood DLC.It has a really good extra campaign, maybe better than the main one. 0_oBut this game has to be my favourite! 10/10"
,Recommended,243470,10395276,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Flame,"I really enjoyed Watch_dogs.Yeah it ran bad, and the multiplayer was supper glitchy, but the main story was really enjoyable and interesting. After each mission i wanted to continue and play some more to find out what happens next.I would totally reconmend this game if you have a good enough pc to run it as the main story lasts atleast 16hours not doing side quests/other missions and its amazing once you pass the first 1-2hrs."
,Recommended,243470,12135271,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,XDFlawless,"First time playing the hype that I had met 86% of the reality of the game. I really liked the game. Although I felt the reason why it all started was stupid. A family tragedy happens and Aiden tries to save the fallen family member. And by that i mean getting revenge when it wont bring them back.I felt that that was really dumb because he gets judged by the media and risks getting his identity exposed for someone who is no longer living and along the way gets other people killed and ruins other lives. But other than that the way he handled everything was cool. The game play was good. The shooting was good, hacking, puzzles, multiplayer.The cons about those things were the driving was really hard and you have to adapt to the driving style but for casual gamers it must be difficult, and the long connection times for hacking and tailing were long. The decryption mode was really laggy. Other than that it was superb and the digital trips like ""Alone"" and ""Flower Power"" were repetitive when you did the same thing. But the ""Spider Tank"" and ""Madness"" were the same thing it just switched it up time to time.The fixers contracts I didn't feel we're worth doing I thought they were super repetitive.But the ctOS crime recognition alert and finding criminal texts through hacking were cool, because kit added replayabilityTl;DR 8/10 pretty good game, didn't exactly live up to hype but still good."
,Recommended,243470,15174263,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,LEOLEO,"Its not what i expected, not at all. It let me down. but nevertheless i enjoyed myself, although the storyline could be longer."
76561198007324689,Not Recommended,243470,10269949,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Chorak,"Lot of uplay problems, which will be fixed.Some poor optimization, which will be fixed.Bad PC driving controls which probably won't be fixed.Overall cool gameplay. However, no patrolling cops?My biggest pet peeve as a Chicago native. No Lake Shore Drive, in fact most of it doesn't resemble Chicago, except for some buildings."
,Recommended,243470,10250585,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,ayy lmao,10/10 BEST DOG WATCHING SIMULATOR EVER.THIS GAME INCLUDES:-TOYS-NINTENDOGS-BONES-DOG SITTING-AND THE CORE MECHANIC IS WATCHING A DOG!
,Recommended,243470,10248038,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,quartz,"Drivers updated, game updated in steam, cache updated, game updated in Uplay, crashed on start up.11/10"
,Not Recommended,243470,23439148,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,PGJ,This one has got major audio problems. The audio in cut scenes won't play. It's a problem for many and there doesn't seem to be a fix that works for everyone. Ubisoft doesn't seem to care :-(
,Not Recommended,243470,13645709,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Securitron Model 2060-B,"It's♥♥♥♥♥♥ If you like this game or Ubisoft and their Uplay, then you're utter♥♥♥♥♥♥too.If this game was a person drowning helplessly infront of me... Well, I wouldn't save it. I would rather just throw rocks at it"
76561197981083082,Recommended,243470,10248927,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,TheGothman,"Watch_dogs is AMAZING!!!!!!!My current system specs. 8 core 4.0ghz, 16gb ram, amd 290 gfx card.   This games runs butter smooth.  In game my CPU usually sits right at 42-45% with minor deviation, even while driving.  This game is amazing!!!!! OMG!  It looks soo good, the controls rock.  Make sure to use an xbox 360 controller and play on the hard difficulty! normal is toooo easy."
,Not Recommended,243470,26030889,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,GLOBUL,"How to make a game so bad?.....................Add the word ""Ubisoft"""
76561198023121708,Not Recommended,243470,22879033,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,JackTheRipper,"This game is a complete missed opportunity. It has a 5/5 story some cool game ideas but a 0/5 execution; ranging from missions being trail target without killing it than suddenly after you reach a point kill the target when u coulda just shot em and hacked the files from their corpse in the first place. Aswell some of the fixer contracts to stop criminal convoys are total bs and so horribly done to the point where they are a total pass except that they award good weapons. But they have such serious issues as knock down target and their allys kill them preventing you from completing the contract. Now lets talk about the wonky♥♥♥♥♥controls; the driving which is about 1/3 of this gameplay(storyline only) is absoloutley terrible and irresponsive; i also like how civilians think it is funny as hell to run into your path to ""avoid you"" causing you to kill them the cops to be called and a police chase to ensue. Basically pass on this game it has some cool stuff but overall it is a 1/5 or a 0/5 if your not that into the story. 1 more point to mention would be the fact that the game has serious fps(frames per second) issues; i go from 40-75 fps to 1 fps without any warning just standing around. I get better fps in all my other games with graphics on max..... so seriously wtf is wrong with this game."
76561198053928877,Recommended,243470,19245573,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Shimaza,You can beat people with an expandable baton even guys with armor. Just watch them make painful sounds as you knock them out cold. 9/10
76561198074172073,Recommended,243470,10249603,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,N'DEEEEE(got tattoo'ed),I was very excited for this game but I feel disappointed for the lags I am having problems with.
,Recommended,243470,10248820,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Seven,"2 hours in so far and I'm having a great time, I could spend hours walking up and down streets just listening in on people's conversations. Story so far is interesting, only problem I have so far is the driving, then again this isn't need for speed huh?I was also hoping for a bit more parkour but other than that this is a great time so far!"
,Not Recommended,243470,22360906,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,BlunderFunk,"The story is lazy and cliche, everything feels unpolished, hacking mechanics that are not so awesome as i though. I haven't spent upgrades on hacking beacause it doesnt make any difference since is the same GTA steal a car, go to objective, shoot some people, escape formula. But GTA does it a looooot better"
,Recommended,243470,10249563,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,YeezyBake,Caused a blackout at a baseball Game! like a Grand theft Auto:Batman Edition 10/10
,Recommended,243470,12699466,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,aso777,Now I have seen some dogs...
76561197971844280,Recommended,243470,32044306,Posted: 29 May,all,SteveJK,"Bought priced 15 Euros (complete version with all DLCs), it's a very valid game. Nice gameplay, thankfully online invasion can be disabled to have a pure single player game. Funny mini-games, intresting plot, beautiful to watch at best details (still, it's not like the trailer).Totally worth it."
,Not Recommended,243470,12651638,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,schoolshooter1488,this game is bad and i hate it
76561198013458604,Recommended,243470,10248901,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Novam/Tupac,"Great game so far.I love knocking out the power,and then taking ppl out"
,Recommended,243470,10248967,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,The Friendly Mexican,Yes a awsome game i recommend this game
76561198075841654,Not Recommended,243470,23448422,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Chara,I pre ordered the game when it was origannaly going to come out and i was looking forward to playing it. At the start i was enjoying how the game worked but not a day later my whole game got corrupted with bugs and errors and no way to fix itthis game is too reptative bland and way to overhyped
,Not Recommended,243470,10253023,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,TheAlmightyLoaf,Big Al says (Watch_)dogs can’t look up.
76561198120261633,Not Recommended,243470,23463028,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,ParaSyt,"Cons:-Driving physics is simulair to driving on Hoth. I could not get past the first police chance, so I quit this game.-Repediive missions.-My first key was purchased invalid and it took me three weeks with Ubisoft ""support"" to get a valid one, then I got to jump through additional hoops just to play this garbage.-Ubisoft made it.-And they made a second one. LOL What really? They did?Pros:....Um.....Uh.....You can change stop lights while you try to drive an uncontrollable car.What you could be playing instead and actually enjoying:Deus Ex: Human RevolutionDishonoredMetal Gear Solid VAnything"
,Not Recommended,243470,28813284,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Rawr xd,"Amazing idea, Horrible execution. Get Watch Dogs 2."
76561198004001866,Recommended,243470,23447458,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Podmo,"I enjoyed this game. It's far from perfect, but it has a decent story, decent acting and writing, and a world that has some added texture thanks to the hacking component. I also actually liked the combat scenarios: A lot of them allow you to move slowly, to plan and make choices.There's a lot of pointless and extraneous stuff packed into the game, but if you're looking for an open-world, stealth ARPG with a slight cyberpunk bent, you can do a lot worse.I think it would have bugged me to no end to have paid $60 presale and landed this product with all the bugs it had. I bought the core game on sale for around $20, and considered that I had gotten a very good deal."
,Recommended,243470,10287493,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Morky,"The greatest UBI's game since Assassin's Creed II.The graphics are amazing, the storyline is wonderful it's a little bit a Cliche, but still good. All of opportunities that game offers you: To stop a crime, investigate, hacking into a traffic light, hack to other people's bank accounts.Though, there is a little minuses at the game: The driving is horrible, U(Don't)play sucks, and the multiplayer matchmaking is awful. I am trully recommend you to buy this game and FAST."
,Not Recommended,243470,12699520,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,itemforty,"The best part about Watch_Dogs™ is the feature that forces the game to crash every 20 minutes, reminding me to stretch my legs and, ultimately, try other games."
76561197985327066,Not Recommended,243470,12543330,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,RØDSPÆTTE™,no comment
,Not Recommended,243470,20179013,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Aleks,Wasn't able to play this game properly while having heavy framelaggs.The game is so laggy I can barely play.I dont recommended buy this piece of crap 1/10
76561198005828975,Not Recommended,243470,12648443,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Redjeb,"Uplay kills this game for me.. I bought it through steam, and i want to play it through steam."
76561198031572060,Not Recommended,243470,10251812,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Womb Raider ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"92 dollars for this?! I feel like I have been robbed. Seriously, don't even waste the bandwidth pirating it. Uplay is and other DRMS are like a cancer on us all. Why the hell would i bother buying Watch Dogs on Steam when I am forced to use UPLAY after launching from STEAM????? I can't even talk to my steam friends during game, because it launches from UPLAY.....This was nothing more than overhyped average crap. The driving physics are disgusting, cars are so damn sensitive it's not funny....and your character movement controls are so clunky,I wouldn't even consider them physics. They told us PC was getting lots of care huh? I have seen better COD ports than this crap. What did they do for an extra 5 months when they delayed it??? Blow it all on marketing??Wait for sale, or if you're still keen to play it, go to ye ol'e port where certain pirates hang out and see how bad it is for yourself. Ubisoft seriously, ditch the god damn DRM, it's horrid."
76561197977606799,Recommended,243470,10249667,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,dabest1ever,POOR PERFORMANCE with AMD cards. I have 2 7970's and its barely getting 40fps with a I74770k 16gb 1866mhz ram with a 1000w psu and a ssd HD. THIS IS BULL$h!t and this whole Nividia partnering crap is going to ruin PC gaming as a whole..Ya lets just create a monopoly on PC gaming. Just because AMD only has a 30% install base with their gpu's does not mean they should be effed over like this! Another botched PC release..Should of just got this on my frackin PS4...GARBAGE!!!!!
,Recommended,243470,10249801,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,mikegabbs92,"Wont even load =.= and i meet all of the recommended system requirements and the cgame crashes on  the loading screen, plus UPlay is a bunch of crap dunno why they used it."
76561198354398926,Recommended,243470,32055228,Posted: 29 May,all,joshuahancockjhancock,"this was a very good game, hard to complete missions at times but otherwise a good game love the story and the graphics, defiantly recomend it to other people"
,Not Recommended,243470,31988663,Posted: 26 May,all,WizBiz,"Watch dogs is quiter frankly not a great game. The poor mechanics are paired with a boring story in this ugly game. The city  is an interesting place, but that's it. This game was a huge let down and the simplistic nature of the story is pathetic. It feels like this game took a stab at GTA and missed comically. I'm shocked this merited a sequel."
76561198120840690,Recommended,243470,12297055,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Royalsapphire,"I beileve that people are being too harsh with Watch_Dogs I thought it was a very solid game. Although I admit it had dissapointing graphics, the voice acting was great, the campaign was long and will keep you up for hours, and the multiplayer missions were superb. You can consistantly find me online an running with the file online decrpytion, or hidden in a bush hacking another player. I reccomend this game to any lover of open world genre and anyone who likes to feel like a ruler of a city."
76561198002585784,Recommended,243470,10254764,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Glaukovsky,"Stop crying about your lame PCs. Work and buy a powerfull one. Here, Watch dogs runs smoth in all its beauty. Great game!"
76561198148613110,Not Recommended,243470,19345922,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,INKY  /ᐠ_ ꞈ _ᐟ\,Hacking... Actually I'll just shoot everyone with a machine gun cause that works too.Problems:- Cops sucks (The police cannot touch you if you’re on a boat/in the water.)-The story sucks. (Seriously Aden might as well go after revenge for the death of his gold fish because that's about how much I care for his niece's death)- The driving sucks.- Frames suck. (Owwww!! My eyes!!)Honestly I wish I hadn’t bought it.
,Not Recommended,243470,21235424,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,TrunDurPalace,UBISOFT F*CKERS...
76561198002181888,Not Recommended,243470,32568513,Posted: 19 June,all,crimsonfuckr,"game runs like a glitchy crap-fest. steam refused to give refund because apparently i played too long despite the fact i have only 31 minutes of playtime, most of that trying to get it to just launch. do not buy. if you just have to play just go pirate it. it might just work better, and if it doesnt you are not out anything. anymore, ubisoft is just a trash company that produces trash games. sorry but i call it as i see it"
76561198062486619,Recommended,243470,25679875,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,A cute pug,yeah rly rly good im only running an itel i5 with not graphics card and it runs 30fps
,Recommended,243470,11470718,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Constantine,"BEST GAME EVER! do not listen to BS reviews. This is definatly GOTY for me. it is just pure awsome. i have had NO PROBELMS WHAT SO EVER. i bought delux with season pass for 90$ and i am not regreting it. if you love assassin creed. or any ubisoft game then get this! if you love games where there are hours of side missions,awsome driving, and just bad♥♥♥♥♥gameplay. i salute ubisoft for making this game."
76561198076965218,Recommended,243470,16364724,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Pelle,It's a great game! I don't know people say ''it is bad''..
,Not Recommended,243470,33871705,Posted: 28 July,all,Laughing Paradise,Snore....
,Recommended,243470,13653480,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,pango,"If you like walking around simulated cities and pretending you are normal and you can walk, this is the game for you.If you sometimes feel angry at people and want to go on a rampage shooting people in the face because they mocked your rusty wheelchair, this is the game for you.If you have a lot of time in prison and they let you have a pc or console plus one game, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,243470,10343931,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,goka9696,The worst part of this game is the shooting. It's horrible. And guess what is the second problem?THIS GAME HAS A ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ OF SHOOTING MOMENTS
,Not Recommended,243470,12701475,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,The Double Ds,What a useless sack of garbage.  I've had more fun with a paperclip and a banana.  Plus it doesn't run on my computer.
,Not Recommended,243470,13382168,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Yellow,Like GTA.If GTA was 10x ♥♥♥♥♥ier.
,Not Recommended,243470,16373980,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,ste@mpunkthing,"Bad story, bad gameplay, bad driving, bad map, bad theme, bad setting, bad level design, bad graphics, bad performance, just... bad"
,Recommended,243470,10253615,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Sirwinsalot,"WHY does it insist on using duel launchers? using steam to launch Uplay to launch Watchdogs is stupid and its a pain when you cannot log into uplay at all! makes the whole ""steam only drm"" abit mundane and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.games fine if not very buggy as of 27/05/14 but hopefully that will be ironed out. just be prepared for a ♥♥♥♥ing nightmare"
76561198072137226,Not Recommended,243470,10250934,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,ondr.balvin,"Need help, i download the game instal uplay and when i push start, game start but in five seconds shut down and tell me the program work incorectly. I dont know what to do i tryied instal and uninstal and happen to me same think. But i have good computer so in hardware recomendations is not nproblem for shure"
,Not Recommended,243470,32931988,Posted: 28 June,all,10_souls,Good but not good enough
,Not Recommended,243470,22508630,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Eagle,embarrassed i own it
,Recommended,243470,10281991,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Ersoperso,Hackthe city and enjoy your life.
,Not Recommended,243470,18865297,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Self Esteem,My calculator has a more consistent framerate than this game.
,Recommended,243470,10373408,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Gvaz,"Good:- Graphics- Story- Gunplay- MinigamesMeh:- Audio choices for music is lacking- Sometimes the performance chugs for no good reasonBad:- Cars drive like h0rseshet- Aiden is really uninteresting and boring- Hacking, is not interesting, and the major hacking is literally popcap level gaming.No, it doesn't look as good as E3, who fuxking cares. Blame consoles, it's always their fault. On the offnote, plays fine for me with no crashes on a 750ti @ i5 3570k at 4.2 at 1080p on High. You shouldn't be using AMD cards anyways plebes."
76561198085223016,Recommended,243470,10539160,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,ИПФ,"Все умерли , ggwp ( я взломал светофор)"
,Not Recommended,243470,23864520,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,ShMoK3YdaCaT,not fun
76561198366151919,Not Recommended,243470,32667832,Posted: 22 June,all,paulpambudi,"Resolution: undefined, and there's no way to change it. Start new game, and the game crashes to desktop at about 90% loading"
,Not Recommended,243470,11287782,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,JayDee,Don't buy it
76561198063158113,Recommended,243470,10266519,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Conor,"Great game, but still needs some work."
,Not Recommended,243470,22934256,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Bad_Spy,"Just go play GTA instead, literally any of them."
76561198103192710,Not Recommended,243470,19351382,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Joadow2,"i paid way too much money for such a waste of time, if your brain is working DONT BUY THIS!!!"
,Recommended,243470,29213771,Posted: 12 January,all,(Vol)survivor7,No matter how much i hate when i have to escape in a car and get kill i will still love this game.
,Not Recommended,243470,12599492,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Wirelesspony,Ugetscammed
,Recommended,243470,28541305,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,pitbot,really bad but fun
,Not Recommended,243470,14873105,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,reyn,19:37 - baby cancer: its♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥anonymous wet dream simulator
,Not Recommended,243470,17281210,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Captain Rénard,"Even if this game goes on sale I really would not recommend it, it looks like a good game and seems to have a lot of content, but something seems weird about how the game handles and so on.  For example, cars handle like a concrete fridge on wheels, the chances you'll be able to drive somewhat normally in anything but a super sports car are next to 0, the freeroam feels weird and the game itself gets boring extremely quickly. This is not the game you're looking for."
76561198099898428,Not Recommended,243470,23993935,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,ajspies1,"Graphics are♥♥♥♥♥♥ controls are clunk, when i go to change my weapon i have to fling my mouse across the room just to select the gun to the left and trust me its not my sensitivity. Please never buy this game. buy watch dogs 2"
,Not Recommended,243470,24311913,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,crypto,"This game unplayable, looks like developers never used mouse in shooters. I regret that spent money on that."
,Not Recommended,243470,29730892,Posted: 5 February,all,Skqueem,"Been waiting a while to write this review just incase anyones dumb enought to buy this game don't. I would rather put a dollar into a chocolate bar than this game, probably has a better story anyway."
,Not Recommended,243470,23003637,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,MatThib,"The game has some nice ideas and gives some hours of fun.The story, though, is simply terrible. The only character with some charisma iskilled just for giving a little bit more of ""revengness"" to the endingwhich is pretty sad.So I guess that if you want an hypertech GTA the game can be for you. But if you want compelling narrative don't look here for it."
,Not Recommended,243470,22991908,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Hexii [FRA-ENG],"Was this game even tested before release?- Everything is rigid (car controls, player movements...)- Going in and out of trains is buggy, sometimes you get stucked in it with no possibility to get out- Police escaping missions are a joke as you have to follow a pre established route and cannot try any other way- (won't do the complete list of shameful stuff here)- And here's the worst: if you don't disable ""Online mode"" in the options, the game gets stuck in the ""How to play online missions"" tutorial. I looked it up and I am dead serious, the game just gets stuck, as in: neved tested once before release... how is that even possible?"
,Recommended,243470,14907772,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,PandaHeroCommunity [???],"It's a pretty decent and working game!Don't pay attention to the current reviews that says the game doesn't work as well or even the multiplayer""Doesn't work as well"" Soo far into the game,  i hadn't had any problems with playing the game..Either if its Singleplayer or Multiplayer,UPlay swiftly,  take my recommendation.. and buy this game.So far i had russians & Spanish people in multiplayer..But they're pretty freaking friendly!Anyways.. i pretty much sum everything up about the game.So.. just get it, It's super freaking fun,Singleplayer is great,  Multiplayer full of fun... However.. i do like to point out that the profiles that are edited or made in Uplay is currently a little buggy,  but other than that.. its a working decent game.Make an Upvote for Watch_Dogs because the servers are not crap."
76561198213044848,Recommended,243470,25955824,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,HYPESON,"this game is a good game,i played it on ps4 and loved it,i own it on pc now and 60 fps is great,the driving is really fun in this game,and shooting and stealth is awsome,people♥♥♥♥♥♥on this game but it takes abit of getting used to,as its a stealth open world game not gta.i really like watch dogs and i hope thay know what was good in this game over the hate.10/10"
,Not Recommended,243470,12743807,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,RyanPr,I was excited. until i realised how bad it was.. 3/10
,Recommended,243470,31320988,Posted: 23 April,all,FREE SHKRELI,doges haha
,Not Recommended,243470,10254489,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Wildcard,"Finially downloaded the game, played for a couple of hours. Now I cant log back into uplay!  This is by far the worst implementation of a AAA game I Have seen yet. I would not recommend this game to anyone with the game changing bugs"
,Recommended,243470,10259590,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,k3st,"Awesome game,do get it,but get a good PC before you try and play it because it's pretty badly optimized and don't use Vsync,made my 680 cry,really good game and cool free roaming."
,Recommended,243470,10253345,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Computerwiz123,Sick game m7!
76561198067787367,Not Recommended,243470,10254219,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Barnacles,Uplay isn't letting me play and i see alot of negative reviews kinda nervous.
,Recommended,243470,10920166,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,SireNightFire,An amazing game with horrible reviews just because of Uplayalthough i do admit Uplay is probably thee most horrid piece of garbage in thee entire worldit makes origin look goodbesides thatIt's an amazing game MAINLY if you add the E3 ModIf i had to rate it i would probably give it a 8/10the storys just not thereaiden is basically a batman lookalike that has problems of his own and a scratchy voice of his ownand hes just outright boringThe story is still interesting but it's not the bestthe graphics thoughjust walking through the city of chicago with ultra on is just amazing...even on low the graphics are just amazingAs of now the only people i see rating this 1-3/10 are just GTA fanboys and Uplay hatersI do reccomend you pick this game of if you're considering it(just wait for it to be 40$-50$)Oh and use a controllertrust me
,Recommended,243470,15864424,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,StrongCrayon,I drove my stolen car right thru the front window of a coffee shop.  The barista still greeted me and sold me a coffee like nothing happened.  10/10
76561198045685257,Recommended,243470,10276407,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,SamuelTheRandom,This game is gud. Shame makroblade cant play it. Also sammiah sucks
,Not Recommended,243470,14156297,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Plissken,"Spectacular yet ugly, pulse pounding yet hum-drum, modern yet embarrassingly outdated, but most of all and without duality, Watch Dogs is a deeply cynical game. As I type these words I already feel the tone my writing is taking on. I feel bad to judge quite so harshly. Ubisoft's latest is by no means terrible and could certainly be recognised for it's technical accomplishments alone. But ultimately I’d like to think we play games to be inspired. The trouble is that not only does Watch Dogs lack original inspiration but it actually doubles down on the hollow pleasures of familiar satisfaction, all the while drowning the experience in a sickly sauce of bankrupt ideas and ugly sentiment. Yup, this review ain’t gonna be pretty either!Much has been written of Watchdogs chauvinistic attitudes to its characters and general worldview so one really shouldn't dwell. But, well, how could I resist! Picture this: It’s just another average day on the job for Aiden Pearce - Chicago’s answer (We never asked for) to the fever dreams of late 90’s ‘hacker’ paranoia. The day starts with some banter over the phone with sis. She’s a bit♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥with you for getting her kidnapped by way of your shady associations and morally dubious past but hey, ultimately she’s the damsel and you’re the hero so her conversation comes off as mildly stressed, yet very much grateful for the unquestioned, masculine heroism of her obvious rescuer.First stop is the local shady-rich-persons club where you decide to flex your hero muscles by rescuing a sex slave worker. The crazy lady is all over the place so Aiden’s rescue turns out to be more of a kind of traumatic struggle as you wrestle her into submission (She naked, you fully clothed of course). Dropping that plot thread with a renegade abandon you hastily move on to attend a mysterious hacker meet up only to discover it’s actually a surprise cameo by the girl with the dragon tattoo! After sexually intimidating her to which she bafflingly responds positively to, you team up (Read: sidekick).Later when you kill an innocent man to steal his identity (Don’t worry the game goes to great lengths to paint him as kind-of an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥) Dragon Tattoo tries to make you feel better by arguing that ‘1 murder + 1 rescue = clean conscience’ arithmetic might add up. You quickly put her back in her place though, patronisingly rebuking her for trying to weigh the cost of one life against another despite having talked her into it in the first place. But now it’s getting late and there’s only so much murderous moralising one broody hero can dish out in a single day… or is there? Because thanks to the decades old inherited arcade mechanics of GTA, you can carry on doing this all night! So let’s jack another car and go for a joyride!Ok, (*Breathes*) so if you can ignore all that, what you are left with is a fairly well engineered GTA clone with some semi-original hacker gimmicks thrown in to keep the mix lukewarm. No, that’s a little harsh – let’s say Watchdogs is a solid run and gun action blockbuster set in a vaguely intriguing near future Chicago… God, now I sound like Ubisoft PR! To be honest the most fun I had was when I just decided to go for a walk. No silly story, no ludicrous driving, just a simple stroll through the city (Ok more of a jog, this ain’t the kind of game I wanna be playing all day). Chicago may not be interesting but it is stunningly realised. The rich urban sprawl has been artfully evoked in all its colours, caught between seasons in a climate that can be both sun kissed and crisp. Really – no other game in recent memory has made me stop to appreciate the subtle beauty of weather quite like this. If this were a moody Chicago walking simulator with all the rest of that fluff removed, I’d be sold. Trouble is – it’s not.Inspiration - You can try deconstructing it into a formula of art, mechanics and design (As big game studios all too often do) but what it really boils down to is fresh experience. The alternative may masquerade as simple ‘What’s-the-harm?’ entertainment but don’t be fooled.As I shoot up some goons and blow up some more cars a glimmer of familiar enjoyment momentarily tempers my mood. Then a cutscene is triggered and once more I stare into the empty gaze of our gruff white male protagonist droning exposition in a self-serious tone. The mask cracks and I remember what a boring thing I am playing, how empty a context my actions exit within, how little I care.If you liked that piece check out my game review site:Tonnochi RoadThanks for reading. Cheers Guys!"
,Recommended,243470,10260419,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Nagisaki,People need to stop complaining about NVIDIA and AMD as I use an AMD card and it is fine. The game is fantastic.
,Recommended,243470,10253134,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,✌,This game is amazing if you say its bad you have no taste :)
,Recommended,243470,10260404,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Pυтιη🐉🐉🐉,Awesome!
76561198054629343,Not Recommended,243470,12934945,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Insomnia,Crap game DONT BUY
76561197970548627,Recommended,243470,11903428,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Western Infidel,"On PC play only with 360 controller, VERY recomended, Dont be a keyboard prude get a 360 controller,"
76561197969478461,Not Recommended,243470,17896362,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Nachosaurius,"Boring, so much hype for nothing"
,Not Recommended,243470,13478060,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Lnk003,One advise; just wait for GTA V...
,Recommended,243470,11397941,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Nexus,Point and Press Q adventure game8/8 M8
76561198197401107,Not Recommended,243470,17100114,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,ZeppersHD,Wasted $30 on this game
,Not Recommended,243470,19444866,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,chr1s,"Pros:Hacking stuff is cool.Shooting/etc is okay. (See cons.)Good graphics.Good story.Cool environment, but not really geographically Chicago.Trippy VR mini-game is pretty cool but also ridiculous.Lots to do.Cons:Uplay.Uplay.Driving is 0% realistic and is my least favorite in a triple A title I can remember.Using some hacking abilities while driving quickly is difficult sometimes (see above reason.)Weapons lack the 'kick' - sound and visually - you'd expect.Some stale characters.Multiplayer is pretty much dead.Verdict: I'd get it if it were 50-75% off.Time played is not indicative of much - while I own it on steam, I originally only registered it on Uplay.Was this review helpful?YesNoFunny432 of 640 people (68%) found this review helpful294 people found this review funnyKylo393 products in account9 reviewsNot Recommended0.5 hrs on recordPosted: 14 JuneWatch_Bugs.Got a refund.Got to uninstall Uplay again.Twas a good day."
76561198038513896,Not Recommended,243470,22525127,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Mansooratyale,"Bad game, just don't buy, maybe WD2 will be better? Edit: still a bad game, don't buy. Other than graphic and glitches issues, the game structure (mission, side missions...etc) is terrible."
,Not Recommended,243470,12194869,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,SUNBOT,Still havn't finished it 10/10
,Recommended,243470,11470351,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Icetears,I love this game!
,Recommended,243470,11437071,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,an entire gallon of semen,It was fine. Whatever.
,Not Recommended,243470,31031992,Posted: 8 April,all,Worms in my butt,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ING GAME
,Recommended,243470,10909704,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,keeZey,Love it
,Not Recommended,243470,27223349,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Street sweeper,uPlay : you can't play.
,Not Recommended,243470,31369650,Posted: 25 April,all,toski32,I keeps crashing on the final level. I can not finish the game
,Recommended,243470,11273844,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,𝕽𝖆𝖘𝖒𝖚𝖘,Watch_Dogs is one of the best games I have ever played pesonally. The campaign was fantastic and took me nearly 40 hours to complete so it is lengthy but not repitive. The only problem i had with the campaign was the suspect was pretty predictable. However the levels let you inavate on how you were to do them my favourite being 'Little Sister'. The DLC's that I currently have access to are very good and I can't wait until I can play as T-bone. Another of my favourite things was the honour level it really can be usefull; however if you are ignorant you are punished heavily when commiting crimes!All in all I think that this is a good game and is worth its cost.WELL DONE UBISOFT hats off to you sirs and madames.
,Recommended,243470,10914888,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,DOUBLE DAB GOD,Great Story
76561197999819604,Recommended,243470,23615110,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,DIBBLE MUNT,Play as a trenchcoat with a head and everything while pressing X7/10
,Not Recommended,243470,17295657,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Neromasti,Not worth its money.
,Recommended,243470,10328534,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,dani485b,"This game is awesome. amazing grapichs no lag issues at all on high and i only have recommended specs and my laptop can run it on low and don't meat the minnium. i know that it isn't optimized but the storyline is great the gamplay is great the openworld options you can do are great you can even play chess and poker. it may not be as realstic as thougt but it doesn't matter since it have so great gameplay,the storylines is extreamly long and it is so satisfying getting away from the police and if you finally win the games just play the side missions or the fun minigames or just play multiplayer so stop B#tch*ng about it."
,Recommended,243470,16937124,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,xDeaDp00lSLasHx,The Game is Great The Post Credits Gives you Choices Wether you kill the Murderer that Killed Aiden's Niece or Walk away and make Damien Starve to Death from what had happened Thats about to Haunt him 'till he's Dead
76561198084457065,Recommended,243470,31749591,Posted: 14 May,all,orange™,AWESUM GAME!!!!!8/10
76561198015844889,Recommended,243470,26625799,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Franky,pretty good game i rate it 5/7
76561198086537328,Not Recommended,243470,19379510,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Chriskrillerclam,"Watch dogs is the reason I will almost never again prepurchase a game. (Aside from Fallout 4 because you could just know in your heart that was going to be the♥♥♥♥♥♥ And it was, so HA) Watchdogs charmed gamers so well with it's ads, its ""cool new hacking features"" and its ""completely new graphics engine"" or whatever that nobody could expect it to be as ♥♥♥♥♥♥ as it was.If you're thinking of buying this game because hacking is cool or something, don't just buy Grand Theft Auto. The hacking feature gets lame fast. Its like when you went to the dentist when you were little, and you got one of those little tokens to get a vending machine toy. At first that little toy ninja, or sticky hand was the♥♥♥♥♥♥ but after about 5 or 30 mins ,depending on how easily entertained you were, it was in the trash.There is literally nothing special about this game at all EXCEPT the hacking. Which is lame.The story mode was also hella lame, I can't even finish it because it's so damn boring.This is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ review but I just wanted to give this game a negative review because it deserves one and I was so excited about this♥♥♥♥♥♥until i found out it was actual♥♥♥♥♥♥ And not in a it's ""the♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; kinda way.One more thing, aside from all the♥♥♥♥♥♥they exaggerated in the trailer, i was most looking forward to the whole ""any of these people can lead to exciting♥♥♥♥♥♥bla bla bla."" I wanted to follow someone around and hack their♥♥♥♥♥♥and find out everything about that one NPC and then eventually decide if they were cool enough of a person to not get car bombed the next day. BUT NO. Every NPC is exactly the same as the next, no individuality, no ""any citizen could be a hero or a killer."" They're all just lame as GTA NPCs. I followed a guy around for like an hour, and all he did was walk on the street.UG, my frustration and disappointment with this game never ends.A few of the multiplayer gamemodes are pretty fun though. Definitely not worth buying the game for though.P.S. Its a Ubisoft game too so you have to deal with all that Uplay ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t too, so ♥♥♥♥ that and ♥♥♥♥ you Ubisoft.P.S.S Actually Far Cry 3 was pretty great. I un♥♥♥♥ you. But for real, do every PC gamer a favor and just get rid of Uplay. THANKS"
76561198094939282,Not Recommended,243470,19380811,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Aetho,GAWD IT IS BAD!!!!!!! It runs so bad (even on a beastly PC) that it is unplayible JESUS
,Not Recommended,243470,15443645,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Kabazt,Dont bother
,Recommended,243470,16387455,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all, Woof,Lag. 10/10 would lag again
76561197976769678,Recommended,243470,12883936,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Mark,"Completely unplayable with 2.66 GHz Intel Core 2, 6GB ram and GeForce GTX750 :("
76561198074620962,Not Recommended,243470,33585620,Posted: 16 July,all,금딸현자,♥♥♥♥ you ubisoft ♥♥♥♥ you
,Recommended,243470,10316878,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Ecks­™,the game is fun and the people that are giving bad reviews just have bad connections and wouldnt know a good game if they seen one
76561198103745473,Recommended,243470,11513059,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,mvwakeup,...
76561198010298847,Not Recommended,243470,16370375,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,pecker wrecker,"Completely over hyped, its basically GTA with a new poorly executed hacking feature"
76561197966105913,Recommended,243470,10266442,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Revixy,"Want a good open world game, that runs smoothly?This is the game for you. ( Check your computers specs before buying. )Runs best with a controller, but the keyboard does the job.10/10! ( And I don't give 10 to games normally. )Video added: ( the review itself is un-changed. )https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BtSfRi0zShY&list=PLPxxdcb86ZHwxlIQQ4MS0dVFLO0pGpQLl&index=1"
,Not Recommended,243470,11273533,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,RoyalGh0sts,"honestly it isn't all that great.the gameplay is repetitive and the story is not convincingthe character is lost in it's own mind and that makes him just look like a little kid playing with his cellphone.i'm sorry Ubisoft, i really am.your work is excellent, but this?"
,Recommended,243470,10266333,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,$upa🅱lyat,Jesus is an alien. 5/5
76561198156967199,Not Recommended,243470,24834837,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Corn csgobounty.com,Felt good for the first 20 hours. Then it seemed to get bland.
76561198084454179,Recommended,243470,10257354,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,TheHomicidalGoat,NO DOGES. VERY DISAPPIONTED. MUCH SAD. SUCH DEPRESSION
76561198256198144,Recommended,243470,31059442,Posted: 10 April,all,SPICY pepe's SUICIDE hotline,okay
,Recommended,243470,10284254,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,sjHelix,This game is absolutely amazing I believe the $70 I paid for the extra content was worth it but there were still minor flaws in the game the score I would give this game is 9/10 and I recommend you to buy it.
76561198115722358,Recommended,243470,17435415,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Bobbobfunnypants,HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAX
,Recommended,243470,32821321,Posted: 26 June,all,It's Egan | 何 宜 耕,Only played this cause I didn't have GTA V10/10 wont open it up ever again
,Not Recommended,243470,11519836,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Norden,Worst AI and game mechanics ever 4/10
,Recommended,243470,10250786,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,^3tgudge,"THIS GAME IS FREAKIN AWESOME!!! IF YOU HAVE THE CASH, BUY IT NOW!"
,Not Recommended,243470,10248283,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Superslayer,Game didn't even recognize Windows 7 (64Bit) and wouldn't start 10/10 masterpiece.
76561198027808008,Not Recommended,243470,30799270,Posted: 28 March,all,ben.rocketsmith,"If you can't get past ubisoft's uPlay system, you can't get into this game.  I couldn't even create an account.  If I could actually get into the game, I might be able to put in a good review.Requested a refund instead of trying to get uPlay to work."
76561198159569908,Recommended,243470,24117184,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,jpm2663,its a good game
76561198076839333,Recommended,243470,24076062,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,falconprince,"Great open world game.. Mainly depends on hacking your way in and out of a variety of situations. Although lacking in a consistent storyline and dealing with a dull protogonist, nevertheless, the overall gamelay is solid. Hopefully watchdogs 2 will have a better career mode."
76561198243308636,Recommended,243470,26125372,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,ginger ninja,DON'T DELETE local files because you have to buy the game again. it happened to me.
,Recommended,243470,20124209,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,FaZe Jub0inky,very awesome!!
,Not Recommended,243470,33716458,Posted: 22 July,all,luxerino,"Very boring. Sadly, i played it too much and cant refund it. Rip 10$"
,Not Recommended,243470,10254783,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Xelias,"That launch is a joke. the servers have been down for 4 hours. I can't connect, I can't play (even offline) Good job Ubisoft, next time I'll opt for the ""free"" version, Free of charge, Free of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t."
,Recommended,243470,14672530,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,AbsentMinded,One of the best games I have ever played and bought. Its pretty much like GTA without all the drugs and sex :D I highly reccomend this game as It has amazing graphics and storyline.
,Not Recommended,243470,27921866,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Bojacks,♥♥♥♥♥game♥♥♥♥♥♥company. Any idiot that buys their downgraded games deserve to lose their money.
,Not Recommended,243470,23568974,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,dizdi,"Najgluplja igrica,zali boze para"
,Recommended,243470,14843254,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Xovos,I like the story verry mutch + the free roam is verry mutch fun two.
76561198082490665,Not Recommended,243470,11808830,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,matt,"The end is really good, the start is ok, and the long inbetween is boring.  Glad the stutter issue was fixed, might have enjoyed this more if it was playable when i was all hyped up for it.  6/10"
,Recommended,243470,24110549,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,AtariKafa,one of the best game ubisfot made.ofcourse mechanics and multiplayer was bustbut even with graphics and story this game is awesome.
76561198071871295,Recommended,243470,10254972,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,distorted186,"One of the best games of this year, only played 3 hours so far and can see my self spending a lot of time on this game"
,Recommended,243470,10253777,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,RageAgainstTheAmish,Good♥♥♥♥♥
76561198032067409,Recommended,243470,10916365,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,USM-Valor,"The Good: Shooting and cover elements, the stealth mechanics (but NOT implementation into missions), length of game/side missions, online component.The Bad: Nerfed graphics for console parity, micro-stuttering when driving, and auto-fail stealth missions.The Bottom Line: I do *NOT* recommend buying this game at full price, but I do suggest picking it up if you're a fan of the genre and you catch it on a good sale. The stealth aspects of the game grow tiresome after the 15th time you auto-fail a tedious part of a mission, but otherwise the gameplay is solid."
,Not Recommended,243470,23839554,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Blackwater,I played for 30 minutes the PC version is a joke!I am so happy STEAM has a refund option!The PC version of this game sucks! If you really want to play this game go play it on the Playstation or Xbox.
,Not Recommended,243470,30756085,Posted: 26 March,all,Pumper,"+Looks good, runs great (4770K  970, 32GB, 1920x1200 ultra settings, FXAA - stable 60fps).-Sound volume was so low, that I had to turn up the speakers ~4-5x the normal volume.Useless keyboard/mouse support.Terrible gameplay (why I asked for a refund after 1.5h)."
76561198036034879,Not Recommended,243470,30756415,Posted: 26 March,all,crueyou,Ubisoft sucks.  Never got the game to work.
76561198335285658,Not Recommended,243470,30760746,Posted: 26 March,all,xdian200w,it wont open i need help
,Recommended,243470,24891211,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,colborne_greg,"The concepts in this game are above the current grade of games, but it lacks in total amount of gameplay, while I would recommend owning and playing this game; it was bought by GTA V, and the functions are being molded into that game, so if you want the great experience on a budget just buy GTA V."
,Recommended,243470,31530444,Posted: 3 May,all,SvenCoff,"I would say that this game is rather good. We've got interesting plot (in Watch_Dogs 2 there is just stupid teenagers which haven't got any reason for doing such fings).We've got interesting personality of Aiden.Missions are not alike each other.Atmosphere in the city is great.You can not hack cars! How can you hack a full automatic car! (In Watch_Dogs 2 you can)There are also some disadvantages:1) Car mechanics are♥♥♥♥♥♥2) You can carry with you a lot of guns. That is not realistic.So, I do not say Watch_Dogs 2 is bad, I just say my opinion."
,Recommended,243470,10266602,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,pesnt,no
,Not Recommended,243470,13663687,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Wrdge,"Has uDontPlay and the game was toned down in an awful way to make sure that the PC version did not look better than consoles, runs terribly on good machines and the story and mechanics aren't that great.1/10"
,Not Recommended,243470,22031443,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Taco,"guys, don't buy it, this is even worst than assassins creed"
,Recommended,243470,26592754,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Samyewl,Good game
,Recommended,243470,21669161,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Sarzy,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TTnF4MjkAH0&index=13&list=PLp47VywvC3bE-bHp7tLvAk6CHnaTV9_leToo long; didn't watch -- Though the hacking mechanic does add some personality, Watch Dogs is mostly a fairly generic (but fun) GTA clone."
,Not Recommended,243470,10307765,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,𝗕𝗪Ξ𝗞𝗙Λ𝗦𝗧,bad gaem
,Recommended,243470,10257336,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Ajaxis,"Strangely enough I have had none of the problems other people claim to have with the game. I have an AMD 7950 card with the latest i5 processor, and aside from a negligible bug with motion blur, I am able to run the game on full settings and get a smooth framerate of 49-51, even when driving at top speed. I will say nothing of the gameplay until I have everything unlocked, but if you have the specs (For AMD users a 3GB card and a quad-core CPU at minimum) then I don't think you should bash on the game just yet."
76561198046090962,Recommended,243470,10258208,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,djbdom,"""Should have been called watch_cats"" -Me 8/10"
,Recommended,243470,10268617,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,My Epic System,"Found a clown fetishist.10/10doesnt crash with my rig, idk about AMD usersgood game"
12469365871236498,Not Recommended,243470,25195398,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,RaCoOn,WASTE OF MY MONEY
,Recommended,243470,16263096,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Zexas,meh
,Recommended,243470,16012358,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Firus!,"I like it but only on the PS4 and XBOX ONE... It keeps crashing on my PC so if you could be so kind, send me a friend request and help me. I used Intel HD Graphics. I have 8GB of RAM and Intel(R) Core(TM) i7 - 4500U CPU @ 1.80GHz 2.80 GHz processor and 64 - bit."
,Not Recommended,243470,21931094,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Existenstial  Nihilism,Lame. Great for a short time-waster. Then I recommend uninstalling and forgetting you ever played it. Also recommend only purchasing while on sale.
76561198214333839,Recommended,243470,26051471,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,rtrmeat,我不管芝加哥车神就算翻车了也是我心中唯一的车神！！！还请育碧爸爸放过过气制裁者给我狗一个退休下岗好结局🙏🙏
,Not Recommended,243470,13656663,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,«(MooP)»,"Another overhyped title graphics downgraded from E3 preview (thanks ""nextgen"" consoles) pretty much assassin's creed reskined GTA clone. If this game came out in 2012 be amazing but noobiesoft blows it again calling a half baked game a ""nextgen"" title."
,Recommended,243470,16367475,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,cup,A game that would have been good had It not been crap In the first place. The sucessor to it. Watchdogs Two. Is definetly better.
,Recommended,243470,22964761,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Bot Boosted™,"Best Game ever. Very fun, and it never gets old. There is soo much to do, almost anything that comes to your mind! But, driving takes some practice."
76561198027366888,Recommended,243470,10423814,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Garfield,Best open-world game I have ever played.
76561198043365105,Recommended,243470,10254714,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Iknik,Can't even get onto the game on release date. 10/10 made me depressed
,Recommended,243470,10341322,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Brentiac,All i can say is.....AMAZING!!!!
76561198048965698,Not Recommended,243470,10263102,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Jared Pascalious/Tasmaniac,"I've  realized how lacking this game is, how big of a letdown, dont buy it, Gta 5 is on other websites for the same price."
76561198133222849,Not Recommended,243470,13479894,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,IAMGROOT,"It was too difficult to control on my PC, especially the driving, so I gave up"
76561198269371595,Recommended,243470,23848669,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Erika_212,Nice the con is random FPS drop
76561198039803023,Not Recommended,243470,18878612,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,deguello,"Unscippable cutscenes are evil! Let the player determines whether or not to watch these stupid cutscenes. I dont care about your low budget ""story"", i just want play the game."
,Recommended,243470,10345819,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Zizix94,"EPIC GAME, few issues with graphics and gameplay but otherwise recommended 9/10"
,Not Recommended,243470,10341103,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Olliesful,"Don't buy this game. It failed to live up to the hype and failed to deliver it's monies worth. Day 1 DLC and Pre-order bonus need to stop when it comes to big companies.The game appears to have tried to go down both a gritty, dark hacker and then at the exact same time tried to be Saints Row the 9th. So much of the game is ""Press X to hack"", the hacking is not realistic and if you want to do a mission well, Don't hack. Straight up just sneak around and take down everyone. When it comes to the few escourt/control NPC missions. Leave the camera and just ♥♥♥♥ing walk in and shoot everyone it will save you 20 minutes and no bonus either way."
76561198012389693,Not Recommended,243470,13912397,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,The Batman,I don't care for this game.
,Not Recommended,243470,14596546,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Netflix&Chill,Game very laggy.
76561198027439055,Recommended,243470,16593177,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Osama Bin Mosby,"Have you ever wondered,""Man. Aisha Tyler the best memer on the universe.""Buy this game, and maybe play for 10 minutes and let it rot in your steam library."
76561198337839553,Recommended,243470,28547459,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Kapitan von Krunch,Great game
76561198158494085,Not Recommended,243470,14378660,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Mr. Sammy,it suck
,Not Recommended,243470,11377245,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Dr.Manhattan,"The worst game I ever played. Tthe game is only a story that you need to follow the rules, you can't decide anything in the history of the game, every action  needs to be exactly as Ubisoft wanted. There is some side quests, but all them are identical each other, so there is no meaning to keep doing the same side questions all the time... The main history is a little intereting, but this sould be a movie, and not a game, or maybe a book."
76561198037676609,Not Recommended,243470,10280424,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,M4YH3Mx,"Wow this game is really something, as someone has already stated, the first mission is extremely hard, trying to get the game into the main menu is a HUGE struglle. Crashes as soon as it opens! Can a company just release a game that works?!? Had to disable Crossfire just to get it to launch without crashing, worst than Battlefield 4 at launch!"
,Recommended,243470,10333441,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,abidoang,wow
76561197970756092,Not Recommended,243470,14942602,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,"Lambert, Lambert - What a prick.",lol it actually is♥♥♥♥♥♥ not even worth it when it was on sale
76561198023372815,Recommended,243470,14466666,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,philcassell,"cancer patient....rich bank account...yep, i'll hack that.  Drive sports car full speed into wall and not die and barely dent the car...yep, i'll drive that.  Run down the street with an assault rifle bumping into people and the gasp and say...omg he has a gun and not call the cops....yep, I'll continue to do that.   I love this game.  There is lots to do, graphics are stunning, and even if you do the story itself; that is worth it.  The storyline is a great one and I was stoked for the DLC to continue the story.  Don't get hung up on the ohhhhh this isnt like GTA... no sh*t!; you want to play GTA, go play GTA.   I totally recommend this game.  10/10"
76561198106071629,Recommended,243470,10343208,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Mr. Bones,"As i was walking around the city, i found myself in the middle of a B-Box battle. I imeditaly responded in breaking some ryhmes. But i failed. 10/10"
,Recommended,243470,10273167,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,beardedpig,"Don't hassle with the negative comments about Uplay this, Ubisoft there, AMD that. I do get crashes sometimes, but does it bother me? nah not really. As of this review I only got 11 hours in, not a lot but most of those hours were from goofin around, or doing other little things earning money and xp. The stories ok, not AMAZING to some but it's still a nice story and it'll keep you busy. I recommend playing on ""realism"" it's actually pretty freakin easy and the online stuff aint bad iether. All in all it's a pretty fun game, I recommend it to anyone who likes open world, casual stuff."
,Not Recommended,243470,27732044,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,DeadlyLink,This game won't open for me
76561198082610288,Recommended,243470,10720378,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Larindan,Me Gusta
,Recommended,243470,16407508,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,AEGIS,Really cool game!
,Not Recommended,243470,10349995,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Kliment Voroshilov,its fun for like 12 hours than its complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t
,Not Recommended,243470,13701039,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,TheLittleGoomba™,after i played it once it crashed and now i cannot resume my game and i cant even start a new one without it crashing
76561198201415145,Recommended,243470,23477059,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,SaberPheonix,awsome game
,Not Recommended,243470,10264521,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Dylan McVillan,"this game is amazing and it still looks good, but when i cant play my game because of uplay thats when i get anoyed. every other time i try too play online the servers are down, or worst of all i reinstalled uplay to get it to work better but it kept saying cant connect too uplay servers but to play offline you have to login online but you cant. sort your chit and ill change my reveiw ubisoft"
,Recommended,243470,23622149,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Krazy BluJ,Hacked into an old man's pacemaker and watched him die slowly. The game however is pretty amazing.10/10 would hack into Russian Servers to♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ again
76561197960368799,Not Recommended,243470,16243416,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Stef,"Cannot play more than 15 mins before the game freeze.Updated drivers, put the game on minimum settings, quit all others apps.Very bad console port."
76561198038606865,Not Recommended,243470,16243515,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,lfornazieri,"Bought it on an impulse. Just could not get the game to work on my PC. It requires DirectX 11 runtime and I just couldn't fix the problem. Tried everything possible, but to no avail. After that, I got to play the game on my cousin's PS4. We just didn't like it. Waste of money. Waste of time. I'd stay away from it."
76561198034625448,Not Recommended,243470,16367435,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Matti_Mann,♥♥♥♥ this game!
76561198103072984,Not Recommended,243470,24070213,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Boujee Grumbo,I think I'd have more fun by jerking off with sour milk as lubeand broken egg shells for pizzazThe game is as innovative as me gluing a strap-on to a bike seat and riding it.Me thinking about the game's innovation literally ♥♥♥♥s me everytime.9/11 Bush developed this Hell spawn
76561198124418920,Recommended,243470,23797992,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Clown Goon,"I don't get why this game gets so much hate. I got this game because I saw the trailers and thought ""woah - this looks awesome"". I bought the game and it is exactly like it is in the trailer. Some people try to compare it to GTA5. This game is not some crazy sandbox where you can do anything you want like in GTA5. Instead, it is like GTA5 with only the story component, a Good/Evil meter, and you can hack things in the city. I had fun with it, but if you are expecting GTA5, just go buy GTA5."
76561198280613911,Recommended,243470,30634725,Posted: 20 March,all,WHATS_HIS_FACE?,i love it i just neaded to get the dlcs like my dad.....lol
76561198133524448,Not Recommended,243470,22398611,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,vpliatsik,it is not fan too play
76561198070533942,Recommended,243470,13371167,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Godfather,"This game is an absolute joy to play. Chicago is vivid, realistic, and full of life. You feel as if you are really in Chicago due to the level of detail they put into the landmarks and all the aspects of the city. The hacking is very fun and you feel like everyones information is at your finger tips. The character are very well done and the voice acting is great. You feel a connection to all the characters which helps you get immersed into the game. Driving takes a little time to get used too but when you get the hang of it, it feels great driving around the windy city. This game has such a refreshing story and plot that feels like this will be our future very soon. Cameras everywhere, personal info at your grasp, never knowing when a hacker is coming after you are all the things that make this game great. This will be our future one day.....who will be the Watch Dogs?"
,Not Recommended,243470,13058759,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,SKRUZO,"Hold button to hack!It was entertaining for about a little while, but once you get about half way through the story, it is all the same stuff over and over again, and the ""Random Crime"" system is horrendously repetative. If you want this game, wait until it is down to 10 dollars at most."
76561198167766745,Not Recommended,243470,25028082,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Jaritz15,"this game looked promising, but instead of playing, all i did was waist 50 dollars. I cant even start up the game."
76561198218234273,Recommended,243470,28354180,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,pablomtz06,this game had its ups and downs but the story was AWSOME id give it a 100000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000 likes but it doseint give you that option
,Recommended,243470,25843461,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Thijzzemans,I like what the game is like pretty much.What i don't like is the driving.And driving is a big part of what you'll do in watchdogs.I heard that in two the driving is adjusted.
,Recommended,243470,10904977,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,nibba,omfg trus me very werf lik srs
76561198019052249,Recommended,243470,10906307,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,tim_fixed,the cd key is incorrect? what does that mean?
,Recommended,243470,10908981,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Inigo,"A decent and amusing game to get and play, kind of like gta but with hacking and police get mad at you easier because throughout the entire game you are criminal even if you save people from criminals, so try to stay away from police and dont just drive down the road running over people."
76561198091684090,Recommended,243470,10900480,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Vindaxius,"For as excited as I was for this game, I almost didn't get it when I saw all the bad reviews about crashing and not starting and being unable to load things correctly.But so far none of the bad reviews have held any weight, the game plays fine on my 4 year old ASUS laptop with no crashing or lagging.  The game does require you to make a UPlay account, which is slightly tedious, but doesn't take long at all.As for the game itself, it's everything that I had hoped it would be, and several things I didn't expect it to be.  The storyline are compelling, and in an odd way, the side missions are also compelling, existing separate from, yet feeling connected to everything going on in the story which heightens the immersion into the world.Hacking works exactly how I wanted it to, you control streetlights and have you pick of any vehicle in the streets, bridges get raised for quick getaways and road blockades are activated to gain time to take out vehicles.  People are walking entertainment as you peek into their lives and many are even, ahem, willing to wire some funds into your account.Weapons are woefully lacking in information so it's hard to know what situations may warrent the use of which weapons since the ""out of 5 stars"" system has proven misleading or excessively ambiguous, but combat is exciting enough that I really don't mind just using all the many guns (that you can easily and quickly switch through at any time in game) to find out for myself how and when they're most useful.  And it's best not to question how our protagonist is managing to walk around with 4 dozen guns in his pockets."
,Not Recommended,243470,31006066,Posted: 7 April,all,soup,"ubisoft screwed me over. spread some butter on my toes, please"
,Not Recommended,243470,27517675,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,厚見 彩姫,Nominated this game for the golden cranberry award. Got pms while downloading this game...
,Recommended,243470,33247272,Posted: 4 July,all,Cedjoe,Nice game
,Not Recommended,243470,10316947,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Aaranos,"Liked the game for the hours I did get to play on Wednesday, however my game file got corrupt from the constant crashing of the game, twice that crash made my entire PC crash. Now I can't even start a new game, so the game is unplayable for me. Three times I went to their support page only to have that error out as well. A well placed 60 dollars down the drain."
,Not Recommended,243470,28683232,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,MekaKing,The driving in this game is untolerable. 0/10
,Not Recommended,243470,28792539,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,kiraman,"Not at all a good game, second one is MUCH better!"
,Not Recommended,243470,30894765,Posted: 2 April,all,Evil Panda,"While this game isnt terrible it doesnt offer enough uniqueness to really shine around other similar games like this. Average storyline, typical gameplay seen in mafia 2 and gta 4 but with less cars, guns and excitment. The hacking it a bit of a joke all you do is press a key and it activates some object, was hoping for a little bit more. This game isnt bad but i didnt really enjoy it as much as other games and it has terrible frame loss while driving any vechicles. Game auto detects i can run it on Ultra but cant stay at 60FPS while driving even on lowest settings. Very disappointing."
76561197991816198,Not Recommended,243470,22431300,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Splattered_Cat,I bought this game to watch dogs... Man was I supprised! What a disappointment I haven't seen a single dog yet!
,Not Recommended,243470,27764078,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Gaming Geek,"I nominate this game for ""I'm not crying""  because of how we felt over the lie of what it could have been."
76561198171066477,Not Recommended,243470,29340638,Posted: 18 January,all,George 62,to much hacking for me graphics is not that very good
76561198340755987,Not Recommended,243470,29338687,Posted: 18 January,all,-[DQS]-Mr. Quimbly,the game is not fun at all. i played the intro mission and thought it was stupid. the controols suck and are compleetly different than any other game i know. the game looked cool but its really not.
,Not Recommended,243470,26344391,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Grim,Boring as hell
,Not Recommended,243470,28685371,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,ElDorito_OW,"If you can snag it for cheap, it's a fun game. Not worth much more than $10, however."
76561198011299394,Recommended,243470,22412420,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Gus,I wish this game had less violence and more sex.
76561198271577382,Not Recommended,243470,29766168,Posted: 7 February,all,Seby (CS.MONEY),nu e smecher
,Not Recommended,243470,18349909,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,FOX,the game feels slow and reptative and the main character feels more like an antagonist then a protagonist
,Not Recommended,243470,16433301,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,NoMercyForStooges,Game crashes before first Cinematic is finished. Uplay sucks
76561198088846946,Not Recommended,243470,10337957,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Haze,"NO REFUND, DOSE NOT WORK, MONEY SCAM!!!! CLASS ACTION!!!!"
,Recommended,243470,10327046,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Ritzy,"Watch Dogs was one of the most anticipated games of 2014. I was on the hype train sense the begining and I got to say, I'm happy with this game! This game has a great story, the driving is okay, the combat is (I think) really good. I have yet to play the multiplayer modes yet so I should get to that sometime soon. 9/10"
,Recommended,243470,10387931,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Mythic Noize,"Updated my Graphics Cards and while it's still really laggy on Medium, and slightly smooth on low, it's an overall fun game.Needs more optimization fixes, but other than that: Recommend!"
76561198062786871,Not Recommended,243470,11293166,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,KaptainKickass,This game sucks . No decent video driver support and the multiplayer is once again gimmped by ubisoft .
,Recommended,243470,10327996,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,The Bodacious Bro,GG
,Not Recommended,243470,10391529,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Spin7ion,"Advantages:+New idea of hacking traffic light and so on+Funny idea of real players in your singleDisadvantages:-unreal physics like in games of 2000 year. Cars can explode from little collision if you have switched traffic lights and not even be damaged if you drive heavy truck into them on full speed.-similar weapons. I have used 3:special uzi, barret(not necessary), grenade launcher.-boring cops chase. Crash helicopter, drive in parking and hide. Or even simply drive to beach, find boat, crash helicopter and go for a river trip.-hacking is pressing Q. Always press Q if it recommends you to press.-not optimized for PC and won't be!-quests are too simple-uplay doesn't work sometimes-ipad challenge is boring because of bad synchronization.SummaryDon't buy this game. It is NOT GTA4 with hacking. This is game about pressing Q with very bad quality of gameplay. Buy GTA4 or Mafia2. Or simply wait for GTA5 on PC."
,Recommended,243470,10525878,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,≰AmirBl≱✌,Love it this game is A-W-E-S-O-M-E
76561198018756770,Recommended,243470,12984365,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Flemse™,i Like the game as it is but id really like if the driving was improved with the handling and the vision on driving
,Not Recommended,243470,15717499,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,AplonZ◣◢,Fun but it pops up cars when you drive and it is not so nice. Would not recommend this game. Maybe on Xbox thow :)
,Not Recommended,243470,24045057,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,The Ultimate -UH- Guy,"my watch dog and the crew won't work on my computer.....I don't know the reason why..someone...please help..All the games that are related with uplay game launching software,, won't work..Please help........And have a nice day........."
76561198104249958,Recommended,243470,10276012,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Matheson,HIGHLY recommended! 1st time to write a review about a game because this is awesome.. youll never get bored! :)
76561198044334359,Not Recommended,243470,10373595,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Major Degtyarev,if you get it to work its underwhelming also this game is dog♥♥♥♥♥♥therefore praise the sun!
,Recommended,243470,10312719,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,crazyfrog,"No spoilers.One year anniversary since I made the Uplink review, Watch_Dogs is a similar concept in a open world environment. Think GTA if you could hack the city's infrastructure to your advantage.  The main character is Aiden Pearce who lost his niece in a drive-by shooting meant to kill Aiden. He will have to use the ctOS network to get revenge on those responsible.You have a skill tree of Hacking, Combat, Driving, and Crafted Items; aswell as a Notoriety tree. There is also a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of weapons in the game ranging from a Px4 to a U100 LMG. I would say these guns feel like MP3/GTA5 with a load more recoil. Aiden is also the ""vigilante"", who has a reputation bar that lets him know what hes viewed as by the public. If Aiden has been running over pedestrians, killing cops, and robbing stores, theres not a good chance he is positively viewed. However, killing criminals, taking down criminal activties, and protecting the public will help your reputation rise.Usually sometimes, I get a notice stating I am being invaded. Players can join your singleplayer game without you even knowing it, and hack you. Usually finding these fools is pretty easy especially if you have Jam Coms, and the search radius decreases every step. Aside from this, you can also hack others, but from my experience I had have major failure in this. I had never tried online tailing, however it's just spying on another player, YMMV.Besides multiplayer, singleplayer offers an amazing experience with the campaign and variety of side missions to couple with. The campaign is split into 5 different acts, with the beginning and end being my favorites. Act 1 starts great, however for sake of spoilers I wont reveal details. The plot becomes a bit dull in Act 2 and 3, but rapidly pick up in 4 and the finale 5. WIP"
,Recommended,243470,31580008,Posted: 6 May,all,ЭЛАNG,The Character of this game is very strong..
76561198083955572,Recommended,243470,16378255,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,ExiledGmoney,If the GTA series never exsisted then this game would be great!! But it does so it middle of the road. I wanted to love it but ended up just liking it if you can catch it on sale worth a try. Just one question why can you ditch every cop by simply driving a boat in the water? This isn't the game ubisoft said it was but at this point I expect that from ubisoft.7/10 would hack player again
76561198095740315,Recommended,243470,10916869,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,ConverterV2,"Despite the graphics being a bit shy to that of the E3 trailer, It's fun, highly addicting, and worth your time. It's mostly very promising for future sequels based on how this new IP got off the ground."
76561198139492918,Recommended,243470,10921912,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,DaveTheWave,"If you stop listening to all the people whining like babies about the lighting being a bit different, then you'll have a fun time. In my eyes, gameplay is more important than graphics, and for me, it is really fun. As for the people saying it is boring, I've put 20 hours into this game and I'm only at the beginning of act 2 with a ♥♥♥♥tupple amount of gang hideouts and everything else.8.9/10Edit:I've been locked out of my Uplay account and can't figure out how to get on again. Soo......??/10"
76561198005466981,Recommended,243470,10922310,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Hermionie from Star Wars,The best game of the last few years.
76561197983682353,Recommended,243470,11162026,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,einsquared,"It's Grand Theft Auto but with environmental perks. Game's okay. I suppose the game was overhyped (I didn't follow the game as much as everyone else, like Halo) and then blown to♥♥♥♥♥♥with the underrated ratings. It's not a bad game. Maybe I haven't played an open world game in a while and this is kind of refreshing. You're paying for another Hollywood action game if you want to look at it that way. In a sense, it is kind of like renting another blockbuster and just enjoying yourself. It's the next Liam Neeson movie. Also, if you like stalking people ... I mean following people's facebook statuses, you will probably enjoy this game.""Sounds and looks like a movie!"" - GirlfriendTechnical IssuesUplay also works well for me, hasn't been an issue since the game was released. My laptop with an old nVidia card runs the game at low to medium settings at pretty good frame rates. My desktop runs the game at ultra settings at 30-60fps. After an hour of play, I think it starts hitting 15-44fps for some reason.Pros+ beautiful graphics (even before I made some changes for ultimate settings); environment, models, weather+ voice acting is good, Jordi Chin is my favorite+ game runs really well+ plenty of skills; hacking, driving, combat unlockables+ plenty of side quests and stuff to do+ explosions, hollywood film+ multiplayer coop available, you can also wreck stuff for fun together+ invade other players, earn more achievements+ choose between hero of the public, or villain+ random instances/crime occurences player can stop+ become a millionaire doing NOTHING but pressing Q (hack people)+ stalk peopleCons- story is typical drama- driving controls aren't all too much to talk about- short main story- physics is weird, almost everything is destructible and your car is damn near invincible- hacking is childsplay, press one button to hack or do a small puzzle to hack- crimelords who want to remain ""secret"" and ""private"" have cameras everywhere, even in ghettos"
76561198096996841,Recommended,243470,11189970,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,FistWideGirl,this game is quite spectacluar
76561198116741884,Recommended,243470,10915703,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Padô,"It is pretty nice game, with all the graphics, interactive objetcs and people. Has a good ethical discussion about privacity in a smart/hyper-connected world. The secondary missions are great as the primary mission so you can get yourself doing thousand missions before advance on the primary one.But i think it's overpriced, with some bugs(the game isn't perfect), and has the same model of game from ubisoft. Only the cenario changes.ctOS Towers = Radio towers(Far Cry 3) = View points(Assassins Creed 2)"
,Recommended,243470,21919834,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Cloudy乡,i would really recommend it but my loading screen freezes every time i start the game and im really sad about it pls fix this!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,243470,15992438,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,TheMeatMan,"Need to mod the game to make it playable, not designed for PC so the fps chugs!"
76561198065830220,Not Recommended,243470,33491125,Posted: 12 July,all,[DUO]Thi,"Everytime I played this game got random bugs or seriously performance issues. I've got an i7-3770 + RX 480 8GB + 16 GB RAM, as far I remember there's a list:- Very first time when took off Motion Blur ""ghost images"" appears and needed to re-open the game.- The game runs on ~33fps 1080p Ultra ( And I got configs above the reccomended ...)- Other day, every time I restarted a mission  fps dropped to ~ 24-26 and remained until I restarted the game.- In another day, fps randomly dropped to 3 for minutes, them come back to 33, and dropped again after some time.- Some day every action made in the game oppened the cell phone menu. (Like entering in a car, the cell menu opens for itself ...)- Another time, the game runned only in 27 fps.This is an absurd for 3 years after the release and thousand patchs."
,Recommended,243470,33010790,Posted: 29 June,all,Nazo,Kind of like GTAV but less emphasis on cars and more on hacking related stuff.
,Not Recommended,243470,33494570,Posted: 12 July,all,SWAG MAN,OH MY GOSH WHY UPLAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198218799912,Not Recommended,243470,17243618,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,xSniperAssassinFoxx,no i really do not recommend this game to anyone! it keeps crashing my computer and its super laggy! please fix laggs and crashes!
,Not Recommended,243470,12689350,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,The Notorious P.I.G.,"I got a refund for this, You might not be as lucky."
76561198127584221,Not Recommended,243470,17274817,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,bikerangelo,I got the game running great. All you need is a rocket science degree and you'll figure it out.
76561198108183039,Not Recommended,243470,33762603,Posted: 24 July,all,DiabolicalDude,"Is it a bad game? No. it’s functional and it exists but it’s just super ♥♥♥♥ing boring.Story:You’re a dude who turns into a vigilante after his niece is killed because you hacked the wrong place. That's the plot in theory but the vigilante stuff never really comes into play because you just do whatever it takes to get revenge and the vigilante stuff only shows up at the end for like a few minutes. Also, Aiden keeps blaming other people for what happened despite knowing that it was revenge for a hack the HE did ON PURPOSE. Like, it’s your ♥♥♥♥ing fault.Also, Aiden tries to have this dark reflection crap where he tries to figure out if he’s truly bad or good. Overall, Aiden is boring. I liked the side villains because they had an interesting character but the main one just calls you up every mission to give you 10 more minutes of the “I’m a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ speech and then ♥♥♥♥s off.I didn’t like the characters and found the story just eh.Gameplay:Standard open world 3rd person shooter. Best way to explain it is like Far Cry but in a city and third person. The main gimmick is hacking and it's kind of a mixed bag. A lot of the game is you going into enemy territory and going through a maze of bad guys to get something. Overall, the hacking here allows you to tag enemies, make them explode, and create distractions. This part works pretty well because you can’t take that many shots and a firefight is something you want to avoid so using the hackables with a silenced handgun pretty much solves any problem with some sneaking. I loved the portions where you guide a person through some enemies by using the cameras because it was actually challenging and timing was required. Stealth is the name of the game here and overall it works well but there were times where I decimated an entire group because the amount of time it takes to come out of cover and shoot is shorter than the detection period so they don’t notice that I’m there. Very strange.Everything else is kind of a mess. You can hack while driving to stop cars that you’re chasing which basically acts as a QTE more than anything. You can hack the infrastructure while the cops/fixers are chasing you but again, this is just a QTE and isn’t really engaging. The shooting is functional and the driving isn’t very fun. I liked some of the side missions involving finding cameras and vantage points but realized that there were a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of them and they don’t really change beyond “find a camera”. The parts where you’re sneaking or having a firefight get bogged down because there aren’t enough ways to bring people down via hackables other than going up to them and pressing F or just using the silenced guns.I feel like the core gameplay of hacking is interesting but there’s all this extra crap that brings it down and in the main story, there were only a handful of missions where I liked actually hacking.Graphics/Performance: (with a 970, 4790K, 16GB of RAM, SSD)Looks pretty damn good and was able to run it at ultra at 75 but there was a lot of crashing. A combo of restarting and reinstalling my graphics driver fixed it up.Final Thoughts:I’ve played worse games but Watch_Dogs was just really dull after a while. I was playing through the DLC when I just thought “Bored now” and turned it off. If you want an open world to ♥♥♥♥ around it, maybe, but GTA exists. I wouldn’t really waste my time."
76561198095891503,Not Recommended,243470,19389187,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Gocallz,"Invasion of the Ubisoft Universe!Anyone that wants to play a single player game without being invaded should not buy this game.  Many times I was at a start a mission and suddenly got invaded by an invading player. I had to drive out of my way  to wait till they find me then go back to start point for the mission. I would have liked to see an option to forfeit and go back to what you were doing, if you get hacked.In today's hyper-connected world, Chicago operates under ctOS, the most advanced computer network in America.I disagree, in this game Chicago is the test subject for CTOS (Mentioned ing game) and has not been confirmed as the most advanced computer network in America.Watch_Dogs does bring the Big Brother idea to reality. These days phones are being hacked and with credit cards on phones it can be hacked just like you do in the game.  I have not completed the game yet..will I maybe just for the possibility of WD2 coming out.About the bugs on release!Any company that spends money to be on multiple platforms should have a finished product ""no bugs, runs good etc.""Rushing a product like this tells me that staff needs to find there love of games again and think about gamers in and out of the office."
,Not Recommended,243470,17017740,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Hymen Cholo,im sad that i bought this
76561198068844505,Recommended,243470,10255141,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,RainbowFloyd,Can't play the game because Uplay servers are down.10/10
76561197963072350,Not Recommended,243470,29215102,Posted: 12 January,all,timzork,"Not really my thing. takeing under consideration time of relese i would say very poor graphics, quite good npc dialog, etc but this graphics kill the fun"
,Recommended,243470,23896785,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,ZoDexNL,Best game ever!
,Recommended,243470,10384171,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Cheddar man,well good game but i cant use it whenever i open new game or saved game it shuts down my computer
,Not Recommended,243470,13588171,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Hikaruen,meeeeeh.
,Not Recommended,243470,19967336,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Anthony Spinelli,Big♥♥♥♥♥♥// Grosse♥♥♥♥♥♥♥No other comment that this game is not worst the price
76561198096911344,Not Recommended,243470,20389149,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,SlipperyGipsy,Instant regret!!!!
,Recommended,243470,23751405,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Raffstar3,really like the campain really good
,Recommended,243470,20778500,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Grayflox,SUPOER REALLY GOOD UBISOFT GAME THEY ALWAYS DDLEIVE RWIOTH THEIR ABSOLUT EBES TPROMISE AND THEY NEBEVER LIE ABOUT THEIR GAMES THIS SIU TBHE MSOT MSDNAODADADADADADADADADADADADADADADADADADADA MOST NEXT GEN EXPERINSCE GIVE ME THE♥♥♥♥♥♥GIVE ME THE♥♥♥♥♥♥DICK♥♥♥♥♥♥THGAT IVE EVER HAD UBNISOFT SUCH GOOD FUN COMPANY GAME MAKERS EVER AND I CANT WIAT FOR THE ENS TXUPSER COOL NOT LYING ABOUT VIDEO GAME LIEK FAR CRY OR THE SUPER COOL DIVISOOIOOOOOOOOOOOOON GAME THEY ARE CREAITNG WHICH SURELY HA SDNOTHIG WRONG WITH IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
,Recommended,243470,14892123,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Crippling Depression™,"*lag out and die*(3 minute loading screen)*lag out and die*(3 minute loading screen)*lag out and die*(3 minute loading screen)*quit mission*(3 minute loading screen with obnoxious noises and beeping)Well, that was fun."
,Not Recommended,243470,21101448,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Anan,The uPlay says i have invalid CD Key!! Help!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,243470,22153056,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Alt+F4pls,Just... NO.Bad game.
,Not Recommended,243470,17277936,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Howsie,"Could hardly run it, even with half decent specs. Constant frame drops."
76561198132730182,Not Recommended,243470,17167357,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Lord Shadow,7♥♥♥♥♥** hours trying to make the game work10/10 best way to waste money
76561198001536271,Not Recommended,243470,17169477,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,odhan,"Bought this and played around 90 min, it was like a poor mans GTA with lots of performance issues. So glad I got a refund. Thanks Steam."
,Not Recommended,243470,20202916,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,mindlord0013,"> buys bundle for $15 during steam sale (cheaper than the base game, which is $17)> everything in the game sucks> drives around for a bit, crashing into everything, because cars can only accelerate by flooring it (apparently)> gives up on driving> running everywhere is incredibly slow> gives up on the game> the only thing “worth it” about this game is a refund3/10 would refund again"
76561198039342951,Not Recommended,243470,22141961,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,s4mur41,Had a short head trauma when I bought it.
,Not Recommended,243470,15475659,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Jdy ♥,"Sold a CSGO knife to buy this, wasn't worth it."
,Not Recommended,243470,10985993,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Cuc Nugget,BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOORRRRRRRRRRRRRRINNNNNNNNNNNNNNNG!!!!
76561198070203642,Not Recommended,243470,21806061,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Frostbite34,I was wishing for an emp grenade attack when I started playing this game!
,Not Recommended,243470,15472231,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,spoopy eric,WORST PATCH  FOR PC EVEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEERRRRRRR
,Not Recommended,243470,18326483,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Fractyl_Dactyl,Got game for birthday from friend.No longer friends.Changed birthday.
,Not Recommended,243470,18339882,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Yaen_Debian_Fr,"A real poo, so linear that it's boring, so many commands for a so poor game. why people put so much money to develop such a thing."
76561198212318800,Recommended,243470,30483339,Posted: 12 March,all,therafgamer1,THIS IS ONE OF THE BEST HACKING GAMES THERE IS!!!ITS UNIQUEIT HAS EXPLOSIONSIT HAS EVERYTHING TO MAKE A VERY GOOD GAMEITS A MUST-HAVE
,Not Recommended,243470,24984859,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,nerseus (Dan),"Looks like a very cinematic, detailed, complex game. The story and characters seem appealing and the concept seems like it could be a lot of fun - but for me, it was too complex or too cumbersome or just too... much. I only played the first mission, up to where you get to your safehouse. I hacked a bunch of things, I built a lure, I drove around and eluded the police. But I could feel myself getting weary already. Tedious maybe. The ""me"" in the game just stood by a door while cameras were hacked to enable unlocking a door. I snuck around police, unsure if they'd see me or not (once they did; once they did not). By the time I got to the saferoom I was ready for a break from the hacking and the dodging. I liked the story. I liked the mysterious phone call. I liked reading silly one-line bios on random NPCs. But it just felt... boring. And then I realized that the star gets his family killed in the opening sequence because, essentially, he's a hacker and a thief who steals other people's money and what does he do next? He continues hacking and stealing other people's money. Maybe that's meant to feel ok because of the one-line bios, such as the guy who searches the internet for &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; a lot, or because one person is a known art thief. It just feels odd that my family was killed because of MY actions (hacking) and yet here I am, still hacking. I'd like to think *most* people would realize that their illegal, immoral actions had consequences and would try to rectify things - you know, like grabbing a bunch of guns and killing those responsible. Maybe that comes later in the game but, for me, I'm done.Now, if you like stealthy games where you'll be spending quite a bit of time surveying the environment and hacking things and luring people away so you can sneak past, and doing it from a safe distance - then this game might be ideal for you. I've played Dishonored and the Thief series and numerous other games that feature stealth as a key component. Those games were better, I'd say. The action felt more real. The stealth and the takedowns felt more compelling. In this game it feels dry and empty."
,Not Recommended,243470,11692731,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Brad Woof,"Bland story, extremely repetitive gameplay, and runs like trash even on incredible systems. Do not buy."
,Not Recommended,243470,24071928,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,the-dropper,"System i7 930 6GB DDR3 1600 , Geforce 960 2GB, mix between High and Ultra Settings, 50 fps + , driving around in a car , sudden 10 fps drops.Tried a lot to fix it , didnt work. Has been the Assasins Creed Unity experience for me, same problem. Conclusion 4 me , i wont buy any further Ubisoft Open World Games. They obviously arent able to get their .... right.Besides the technical Problems , the few hours i was playing the Game arent enough to judge it. I will continue with my impressions:Graphics: Not as good as GTA 5 but still beautiful.Controls: cars / bikes horrible to drive with Key. / Mouse ""ok"" with XBox Con., mouse movement either to slow or to fast alternating Mouse Sens. all the time depending on the situation might work but i didnt like the Game enough to even try.Story: Starts promising , not that creative (revenge Story) but decentSide Mission: Didnt like any of them , ""Races"" might be fun , without the Fps drops and by using a XBox Pad. Prevent Crime, only done 4 but already felt repetitive / boring. Parcour didnt blow me away either, not even Mirrors Edge super light.Shooting: Solid , nothing special , felt like GTA / LA Noire, only firing behind a cover maybe a bid worse.Hacking: Press 1 Key and hold it , even to mention it feels useless but triggers a lot of actions inside the WOrld, vital to get away from Police and Camera hacking felt kinda cool.Police Chase: Felt like NFS racing, Police always on your tail just waiting for you to use ""hacking"" spots to take their cars out, didnt felt good, Gta and La Noire way better.The Game that finally put me off Ubisoft Titels. Cant recommend it."
76561198051256779,Recommended,243470,23744651,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,YANG,Pretty cool. i think it's underestimated. Even though there are some flaws8/10
,Not Recommended,243470,12210853,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,[ENRL] Mr. Hax,uDontPlay
,Not Recommended,243470,10366011,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,But I'm Just An Old Lady Anon,First week DLC lol - LeGreedyMerchantFace.jpg
,Not Recommended,243470,15826303,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,nightsky,Don't waste your money on this.
,Not Recommended,243470,21505502,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,tyree89733,Uplay (Another Client like Steam) Has a bad habit of crashing after updates!
,Recommended,243470,17781216,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Angbadang,Yes.
76561198072044107,Not Recommended,243470,10275920,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,McBearMan,"Does this game live up hype ? God no the first level is ""Ok"" but the rest of the game from what I've seen it terrible the driving is terrible the objective deosnt give you any info like just no it said ""Use profiler (Z) to find the access point"" the area i needed to search was entire street block 5/10 from me dont pick up this game unless its on sale in my perspective."
76561198142109948,Not Recommended,243470,14868912,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,light.onyx,So♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥with this game.. The dam game crashes or freezs with in the first 3-5 mins of the game. Waste of money
76561198085672190,Recommended,243470,14897788,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Zephyr,สนุกมากเลยครับ แนวของเกมนี้ก็ไม่ได้เปลี่ยนจากพวกเกมแอดสาสิน ฟาคาย เหมือนเอา2เกมนี้มารวมกันเลยที่เดียวแต่แค่เปลี่ยนเรามาอยู่ในโลกไฮเท็กแทน สนุกมาเลยครับ
76561197983889958,Not Recommended,243470,29290533,Posted: 15 January,all,Anubitfire,So I had high hopes for this game and it let me down hard.  How is it that so many indi games can make PC ports with decent controls and a AAA title like this sucks so hard?  That sucks because the plot and voice acing and facial animations are spot on.  but I rage quit because I kept blowing up a security guard when I was tring to open a door or... and pointing dirctly at said door.  or setting off a car alarm when I'm trying to distract the guard standing next to it.  now I understant that the UI tells you what your acction will be but the game doesn't give you alot of time to think about your accions and carrfully inspect the UI before make them.
76561198042755066,Not Recommended,243470,29289223,Posted: 15 January,all,CrazyFuck,got repetitive within 3 hours.
,Recommended,243470,28251349,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Funhaus,I am a real hackerGive_money_to_Me 👾👾👾
,Not Recommended,243470,19137241,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Yucko_The_Clown,"Horrible couldn't get even the game, FIX YOUR ACT UPLAY"
,Not Recommended,243470,13517329,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Seeker619,sucks.Pros: sucksCons: Sucks
,Recommended,243470,23659543,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Rebel Squirrel,"Magik hacking ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, I dont know, ITS GREAT. I THINK."
76561198236162180,Recommended,243470,27769789,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Lando,awsome game i love it worth it
,Recommended,243470,23491873,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Knudsen {TRADE},"Great open world game, and funny hacks"
,Recommended,243470,23632280,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,-ORIGINALsnesh-,"for people who like stealth, challenge and a great time!"
76561198251474118,Recommended,243470,33676250,Posted: 20 July,all,simon.vesely02,"despite the hate this game got , it's still good .buy it when its on sale tho"
,Recommended,243470,12355203,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Sun3vi1,Actually a really fun game with great mechanics! Would be a 9 out of 10 if it weren't buggy as hell. Instead gets 7.
,Recommended,243470,10295997,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,kylie,"Great story line, amazing graphics, great mechanics. Always something to do. I will be playing this for awhile!"
76561198002278920,Not Recommended,243470,30242078,Posted: 28 February,all,SupaDave,1.2hours of crappy frame rates.. unplayable
,Not Recommended,243470,13810186,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Lord Demon Pyro,"I bought it on Steam, installed it, than I wanted to play a dI've got a lot terrible Pc errors, Watch_Dogs Hack my Pc, or so. =-.-=Later I bought it as an CD in a store. Well, that game runs not bad, but the Physik and the logic is knida like in GTA San Andreas or worse.It's like a bad cover version of GTA 4 from the look too.Only the story is knida nice, but not the best.3/10"
,Recommended,243470,20968636,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Ether,"The first feeling this game gave me was that OMG why this game is so much like the Assassin's Creed!You have to: sneak, avoid police, distract police and so on. And the main character's face reminds me of Arno(the main character in AC Unity)"
,Recommended,243470,19105385,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Djmickey,in single player you can get hacked and loose points
76561197992681922,Not Recommended,243470,20555197,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,SirLogiC,"This game is very polished. The world is very interactive. You see in the promotional videos how you can use objects in the environment via hacking to give you an advantage. The main problem is that it is a gimmick. It's easier to just run about and shoot and drive than worry about the fiddly hacking controls. The other big negative is the side missions are very sparse and boring. GTA has heists and races and lots of shooting challenges. This has very simple chess puzzles and find the console via hacking cameras game?Simply put- this is a very basic shooting game. Everything else is added on top. You can use the higher features but they are optional, you can just play this as a straight shooter. Since using those higher features (hacking, stealth) is fiddly and slow, there isn't much incentive to use them.Another turd polished to a gleaming shine by Ubisoft. Why do I keep getting ubisoft games :("
,Not Recommended,243470,20128278,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,flyjb,waste of money
76561198095881096,Recommended,243470,20001051,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,pc2001197,cool game
76561198139090773,Not Recommended,243470,20024450,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,scuba steve,It's like an assasins creed in present day chicago which would be alright if they had a better story and protagonistthe online bit is interesting I personally enjoyed for a time after a while it feels more like an innteruptionyou'll need a uplay account just a heads upI could recommend this game if it were $20.00 or below
76561197987148103,Not Recommended,243470,20145594,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Andro111,Hmmm...gave it a chance. But after a few hours it was all the same. :/
,Not Recommended,243470,20173034,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Ghettoslapper,"Barely played the game due to multiple crashes and horrible performance. For the time I did play, I somewhat enjoyed the concept of the game, even if it was fairly basic."
,Not Recommended,243470,11734245,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,MaceLAN,"My Grandfather smoked his whole life. I was about 10 years old when my mother said to him 'if you ever want to see your grandchildren graduate, you have to stop smoking. Tears welled up in his eyes when he realized what exactly was at stake. HE gave it up immediately. Three years later he died of lung cancer. It was really sad and destroyed me. My mother said to me- 'Don't ever smoke. Please don't put your family through what your grandfather put us through.' I agreed. I'm a grown man, I have never touched a cigarette. I must say, I feel a very slight sense of regret for never having smoked, because this game gave me cancer anyway."
,Recommended,243470,10303863,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,.Zero,YES!!! Get this game its well worth it 10/10
,Not Recommended,243470,15149253,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,"Oi, it's Oy",I can't even play because my pc crashes every time I start playing so its ****
,Not Recommended,243470,34501875,Posted: 26 August,all,G®ím íß ðéáð,hack the planet
,Recommended,243470,10993613,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Cynagen (58/300β),"Kinda surprised there wasn't already another public review. First things first, yes, buggy. We're [as of this writing] awaiting the next major patch from Ubisoft in order to fix the video stuttering you get on any video card with under 3GB of RAM. There's a mod that unlocks the visual fidelity and tricks they wow'd us with back in 2012/2013. Basically, if you want to talk video game politics, this game is all over the freakin map, and mostly behind enemy lines where we can't help it.Drop the video game politics, and you've got a great game, a great idea and platform to build it on, however lackluster storytelling and what feels like the same old, same old ""Wash, Rinse, Repeat"" gameplay tactics for minigames and some core plot events, and this game lets down. What it does right to make up for this discrepancy is a fun and engaging online mode. Akin to Dark Souls and the like, you can slip into somebody else's game as a faceless occupant of their city seamlessly and engage them in digital and physical combat. There's a gimmick by which somebody with a tablet or smartphone can tap into your game while completing a checkpoint race (Driver missions), and direct the police force to stop you. There's a ton of fun ways to interact with other players of the game, but when it boils down to it, the core game, the plot, they all kind of fall through.Plenty of distractions in the game to help you forget the slow and mundane plot, but they won't save it in the end.I'll recommend the game, if only for the online multiplayer which should hopefully outlast the game's realistic (if it were a single-player only game) shelf life.7/10"
,Recommended,243470,23508088,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Extremaz,"A great game!The car physics are not great like gta great but completely ok.The main story is the phone where u hack everything.The story is very intreging and fun, i defenitly reccomend this game!A little diffrent and a lot of fun!"
76561198080848335,Recommended,243470,19051694,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,✪ Hashashin,
,Not Recommended,243470,11105272,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,[ML] ZERO (Silicon),"I'm  really disapointed, another person who wanted watchdogs to test thier rig, and to enjoy at the same time. Benchmark this against even GTA IV the graphics are about the same, it just feels like a GTA with less freedom. The missions are insanely hard sometimes as well, take on 10 guys who all have machine guns, and you have to knock 2 out before you can kill any of them, and a specific 2! The graphics are poor, the driving is terrible, the gun aiming is slow, the ""hacking"" is unimaginative, and the NPC AI sucks. All of the above are below par from other games, I wasted £40 on this, and I can't even get a refund."
,Recommended,243470,31621158,Posted: 8 May,all,2manyblueberries,HAX!!!...
,Recommended,243470,20596008,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Ktkins19,mucho good
76561198019739666,Not Recommended,243470,28622395,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,I am Burrito,Like Deus Ex had diarrhea after eating bad tacos and the flaming hot pile that was made was then poured onto a copy of GTA. Garbage game that should never been released on PC because it is unplayable without a game control. 1/5 Stars 1/10 Turtles 1/100 cheaply made ripoff Air Jordans.
,Not Recommended,243470,23515766,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Del Pantus,"Got this game and almost immediately returned it as it was too clunky to play on my PC even though it was well within the recommended specs. Also did not enjoy the underwhelming hacking aspect of the game, felt like I was just holding ""Q"" the whole time I played it. The driving, contrary to what the game description states, was very rough and felt about as realistic as that in cruis'n usa.I give this game an overall rating of 4/10. It had much potential but didn't meet the expectations created by the information given to prospective buyers."
,Recommended,243470,14700887,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,ZIGGY5214,This game is really Cool you can hack anything i Really Love this game and Recommend this game to anyone
76561198123637192,Not Recommended,243470,14401986,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,sock06555,"UBISOFT PLEASE FIX THIS!!!ok i freaking spent 30 dollars on this game, i install it, I TRY TO ACTIVATE IT AND IT SAYS THAT MY KEY HAS BEEN USED BY ANOTHER ♥♥♥♥ING ACCOUNT. FIX MY GAME OR RESET THE KEYS I DONT KNOW BUT PLEASE ♥♥♥♥ING DO SOMETHING."
76561198041390468,Not Recommended,243470,14408929,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Archon of Victory,Just dont get it.
,Recommended,243470,10619516,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Tyrannos,A player of any of the Assasin's Creeds will recognize the basics of the open-world gameplay with a main storyline to follow. The way you go about the storyline may be drastically different but in essence it is just an Assasin's Creed with guns. This is not necesarily a bad thing though. The gameplay is full of new concepts and toys to play around with while you infiltrate the largest strongholds without leaving the street. It is a fun game altogether.
,Recommended,243470,10579291,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,2D,very kaboyo
76561198060835123,Not Recommended,243470,23909576,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,FireWorkShop,The pvp is the stupidest thing ever because its so onesided and invaderes are more likely to win. That ruined the game for me and its unavoidable so it gets annoying and out of hand.
,Recommended,243470,10267615,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Strigon,"Well after my play time I think its time to write a review. I must point out this game isnt perfect. Was it worth 60 dollars? Hell no.Watch Dogs is a visually stunning game, its a very immersive game, sometimes I stop to watch street performors or or just plain watch whats going on. The gameplay is very immpressive. Its very smooth and the animations are incredible.Now to my Cons.One of my cons is the servers for uplay. They absolutely are horrible and I was not able to play this game on my DesktopThe optimization really bad and worse for AMD users.The driving is unresponsive and its really arcadish."
,Recommended,243470,10269959,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,thicc bih 100,"After by passing the Uplay login section, this game is actually alright, everyones going on about how its the biggest let down, which it could be (most likely is), but personally its really enjoyable and there are tonnes of things to do after the story, also having a PC port unlike some games *cough* GTA V *cough* means that we can play it with as many FPS as we like! Or can afford.So this one time I was assigned to follow and hack this person who goes by the name of 'wookiehere', but just as I was about to hack them, I saw they were in a pretty awesome ride, so I just jumped in and we just started going around causing havoc and chaos around Chicago.9/10"
76561198021898362,Recommended,243470,17831594,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Saint,"Watch_Dogs is a decent game. The hacking is innovative at first and it feels fresh but  the game is rough on the edges, the overall driving is akward, and overall game optimization could be better. The Lore and voice-acting are fine.The monotony of hacking endlessly is alleviated by the multiplayer option. People are able to invade you in your current game (You can turn it off for some peacefull gameplay) and challenge you. Multiplayer has many modes, Racing, Hacking, Escapes and more. Lots of  fun with some friendly people."
,Not Recommended,243470,21593770,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,ratiblagen,just dont buy this one
76561198282410669,Recommended,243470,21576021,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,kikolancastre,AWESOME GAME!!! If you are a fan of gta 5 but that is to expensive well by watch dogs (even tho there are no dogs)
,Recommended,243470,27117698,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sp4c3_Cow80y,"The ""I need a badge"" review."
,Not Recommended,243470,10359545,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Archiver,"Paid $90 for this game. Spent over 4 hours on phone with tech support, and I have sent 38 emails back / fourth to Ubisoft. I still cannot play multiplayer, and the singleplayer is just as horribly optimized. I have a 770, i7 processor, 16gb ram, etc. For no reason should this game be the unplayble peice of garbabe that it is. Also, for the $20 season pass, you only get the deluxe edition's skins, and no T-bone campagin. It's misleading as hell, and not worth the money - just like the main game.DO NOT BUY THIS PEICE OF CRAP. PIRATES PLAY, PAYERS GET BENT OVER. UPLAY SUCKS."
,Not Recommended,243470,11866840,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Cereal Killer,Its... meh. Big let down from all the hype which this game got. Played more hours of GTA 4 than I did with this game.i.e♥♥♥♥♥♥game.
,Recommended,243470,10267563,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,KFC Wipes,"In watch dogs, you play as Jamie Lynn Spears, the vigil auntie. Who sets out to find the man who made his sister cry, by playing with his phone all day.#based #rare #swag #strongstrong"
76561198059971371,Recommended,243470,14073627,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Lenin,"Pretty nuice game doe.Liked it very much in de beginning evendoe i don't like the high-lvl content, because it is so boring.But considering all these aspects i can say that this game defenetly should be the game of the century.The graphics were really niuce and even #BetterThanE3.And after playing the most Ubisoft games which deal with a guy that loses some people the storyline really surprised me and made me fall of the chair, which broke my computer."
,Recommended,243470,10524262,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,DickPays,"Watch_Dogs or Watch_Doge, is a really fun game about a hacker vigilante, who seeks revenge on the people who killed his niece.The story of the game starts off with Aiden Pierce, the main character and city known hacker, working with his partner, Damien Brenks. CTOS, controls Chicago, controling everything, phones, security, info, etc. They were trying to get money from a really pricey hotel. Things got dicey and they had to bail and another hacker found them. The cause of that was a hit put on Aiden Pierce and instead of killing him, they killed his niece, Lena. Almost a year after the incident, Aiden is getting his revenge one person at a time. That's when he finds out that Damien, his former partner is holding his sister hostage, for exchange for info about the hotel job. And oh course, things go south and, that's for you to play and solve.The graphics in this game are beautiful, but sadly Ubisoft, even though the developers got an extra 6 months or so to polish the game, didn't fix the optimiztion issue on PC. My thought is that the developers turned their studio into a ♥♥♥♥ shack for those months, until they found out that the release date was soon and just rushed the polishing stage. Ubisoft has promised a patch, but no patch has come yet. Even on low (Running a GTX 670), I get 60 FPS and the game still looks ♥♥♥♥ing good.The gameplay of this game is unique and something never done before. Ubisoft's new IP, did really well. The game involves hacking objects and things, connected to CTos, a system that controls all of Chicago. You can use these objects to your advantage in combat. Putting up blockers, blowing up transformers, hacking people's phones to distract them. Besides the stuff that you can do to the surroundings, you can cause blackouts, stop people from calling the cops on you, and scanning people and marking them as enemies. The gunplay is very edgy, your character isn't used to the guns at the beginning and the better rating of the guns, the better the accuracy and damage the gun does and the character controls it. Driving is a bit dumb, it's like Saints Row's driving mechanics, if you can drive in Saints Row, you can drive in Watch_Dogs.This game is a masterpiece, on PC, people regret buying this game. Honestly, I don't. This game was amazing, the story was interesting and intruging the whole way, the characters were well plotted out and some of them were made for plot twists. This game, once you beat the campaign, that's only about 30-40% of the game, so you still have 60-70% of the game to go, most side missions and stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥ It took me a good 24 hours to beat this game, so I definely recommend this game, I paid 70 bucks for exclusive stuff, I say, save the 10 bucks for the deluxe♥♥♥♥♥♥ it's pointless, but besides that, buy this game. PC version may have a lot of problems and that only Nvidia cards work with the game, keep that in mind, if you have an AMD card, stay away for now. 9/10"
,Recommended,243470,10308957,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Darth_Lopez,"Well after a long hard week of running amok through chicago in a strangely positive light I figured i should post a review of this game.___________________________________TL;DR:The Graphics don't make or break the game, the gameplay is solid even if it is at times repetitive there is enough variety in the approach to make every mission interesting for the player if the player so chooses, The hacking is magic but it's magic that works and despite the often times single button push and hold is incredibly fun. There is a wealth of playable content. Buy this expecting: GTA+(Splintercell/AC)+Deus ExIn summary this was for me a great game, objectively speaking it is a good game, not great, but not garbage and definately i don't feel mediocre it's slightly above par. I'd give it a 7.5-8/10 and i'd recommend it to anyone who's wanted a good game similar to deus ex HR but with a more open world and more interactions.Long Part____________________________________First off this isn't the game that was apparently described by the hype, however it is the game i believe we had described to us way back at that fateful E3 roughly 2 years ago now. What do i mean by that? This isn't some shiny awe inspiring game changing point making game based on the the most realistic and ""authentic"" hacking experiences in the world. It is however a game based in some believably plausible future, with the magic phones and computers that we've come to expect of this type of near future setting.That being said it's not bad.The hacking while repetive is always useful and easy to access, for those who'd rather sit and actually crunch code in their video games i'll admit that hitting the q button with the intent to kill, distract, itterupt, disable, or evade enemies is a much simpler and much funner solution as to how to integrate hacking into a video game like this. It's not with out it's puzzles similar to some from Deus Ex: Human Revolution, you connect the dots in a way and at times run against the clock before it has  chance to reset your efforts.The gun play is rather solid for a TPS in this style (That style of course being reminicient to GTA). The guns have weight, they have a power about them and it is projected very well in the game. Cover was also surprisingly smooth and useful. And the variety of stealth options the game offers leave most missions very... free? with respect to the players approach to them forbearing the inevitable few that force you into open conflict from the get go or midway through. For example at a certain points in the game you must guide a person out of a bad situation i came to the conclusion in one such situation that i simply lacked the skill or timing to do it effectively in the way the game seemed to want me to do it. I left my camera, came around an open window infiltrated the building and carefully picked off guards one by one by detonating grenades and explosives on their person, blowing out some kind of electronic circuitry in the floors under them, detonating power boxes, disabling the local power grid, and finally shooting propane cans and good old fashion beating one or 2 with a stick. Once it was all said and done i safely escorted the subject to the escape vehicle without a hitch. Just one example of the freedom of choice your presented with in the game. There are yet others.However on the note of missions being constraining one thing i vehemently dislike about the game and it's side missions primarily is the fact that from time to time a side mission, or a main mission for that matter (honestly can't remember all of the main missions plotting my 2nd play through as a terrorist now instead of a vigilante), require that you knock people out instead of simply killing them. This sometimes give a feeling of immense frustration in that it's exceedingly difficult to beat someone unconcious while they are surrounded by a band of crazy psychopaths with automatic weapons and grenades, and there is very little protection from bullets in the game outside of cover, which often times ends up being a car all too easily destroyed by a single grenade...That being said though it is incredibly rewarding when you do successfully knock them out with your baton.Aside from that though the side missions don't have much variety, as is expected from a ubisoft game, but at least for me i never found them too repetive because you can infact approach them from so many different ways just for the sake of difference. For example when doing a criminal convoy side mission just for example are all about disabling a convoy however it's usually very non-specific but charts out their precise route. You don't have much time but you can set up an ambush point anywhere along the route if you'd like, you could use the environment to assisst you, set up your own pesronal road block, rig the road with a combination of steam pipe explosions blockers, spikes, and IEDs. Set off traps from cameras hide in a car along the route and set of traps. Turn it into a chase and use only CTOS and your driving skills to end the cherrade, turn it into a firefight by contronting them head on... etc... etc... The point i'm trying to communicate here is that there are plenty of ways of playing the game that liven it up even if the missions themselves are not particularly full of variety.Now customization wise there are many different colors but very little.weapon wise there are a veritable plethora of weapons at your dispossal each with almost a different feel and most are easily acquireable,perhaps the biggest draw back of the game is the almost total lack of a need for ammo conservation in addition to the generally useless money you are given or can easily acquire.The multiplayer is fun And interesting and can lead to some pretty funny situations. It is very similar to that of AC with the difference that you can hide somewhere and still agressively pursue the target through cameras assuming they are with in range. There is however little variety in the game modes they all boil down to essentially the same thing, observe/hack the player and hide long enough to fully observe them or steal their data.And of course let's not forget the hotly  contested ""Graphics""I've not understood what the issue is with people and this. Did everyone really expect to get the same quality as the clearly touched up E3 trailers? It's not like Cinematic trailers have been lying to us literally now for decades (2 or 3 of them infact). AnywhoAre the Graphics what were shown at the E3 trailers: noto those who say ""Well then the game is♥♥♥♥♥♥it's not next Gen enough"" please kindly stop talking.The graphics are no worse than any other modern game released on PC. Infact i found the environment incredibly pretty and well fleshed out even  if the graphics weren't super duper extreme HD on steroids with magic crack thrown in. The Graphics aren't what make the game though, what makes the game is the sheer amount of freedom and control you have as the character coupled with the massive access to information of litterally any random civvie, it seems to project a weight on the player and does a very good job or at least a better job than any other game in making the world really feel alive and NPCs really feel important. You don't just save the Civie from the psycho with a gun in the allie because it nets you experience and vigilante points you want to save the civie because his little digital life needs him and you have an imagined duty to protect those little digital dumbasses who make absurd amounts of money for they're jobs.In summary this was for me a great game, objectively speaking it is a good game, not great, but not garbage and definately i don't feel mediocre it's slightly above par. I'd give it a 7.5-8/10 and i'd recommend it to anyone who's wanted a good game similar to deus ex HR but with a more open world and more interactions."
,Not Recommended,243470,20619748,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,ChuckY the ︻╦デ╤── killer,"minecraft serverlist - bow2toy minegridminecraft mp -toycomanders04@gmail.comminegridtop g - minegrid GunSminecraftserver.org-toycomanders04@yahoo.comminegridmcsersver.net-minegridMineGrid1mc serser status -toycomanders04@gmail.comminegridmc servers GunS29 GunS29google GunneR2016Ok you want a review ill give you one the trailer from e3 when i saw this it made me wanna by the game so i did but i didnt get wat they showed the graphics looks like early pc days of gaming lmao here wat is wrong witht his game1. bad graphics2. buggy as hell3. shadows dis appear then reappear4. even on low settings still stutters5. false info about the specs for the game6. steam images for watch dogs is false adver becouse i have the game abd it looks nothing like thatnow to put this strigh here are my pc specsComp SpecsSystem: Gigabyte TechnologyOS:Windows 10 home EditionProcessor: AMD fx-8320 Eightcore Processor @ 3.5ghzMemory: 163848MB DDR3 RAM @ 1600MhzDirectX Version: DirectX 12Display Devices:Card name: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 760Memory: 2048MB GDDR5Approx. TotalMemory 10164MBDricetX 11.1, 3d Vision, SLI, Physx,  HDMI Surround soundnow even with my system i still get to much studdering  such a disapointmentof a game and need some major tlc other then that do go near it dam this game had high hope but faile at the enddam please fix this game and maybe ill think of giving it a better review"
,Recommended,243470,29904504,Posted: 13 February,all,Retzerbil,HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER HELLO WORLD I'M A HACKER
,Recommended,243470,32716662,Posted: 24 June,all,Wrench,Great Games
,Recommended,243470,18988942,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Donaldus Rex,Its a pretty good game with good combat. I didnt drule over the e3 version show before release and get suprise like the rest of you dip ♥♥♥♥♥ out there.  I watched a finished gameplay vid before buying so i knew what to expect... 9/10  think for yourself and stay off the hatewagon.
,Recommended,243470,21538776,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,xwilbz,So much fun! This game has hacking abilities that you would want to do in reality. I love this game its sooo much fun.
,Not Recommended,243470,28975207,Posted: 3 January,all,[CZ] Colonel Clanny,"First five minutes, you have to install some UPlay stuff and then you also gotta register here, there and there and also over there, no thanks!I'm happy that the refund system does exist, coz I'm not going to register on million platforms, just to play a game.Maybe Ubisoft does not care, but they really should remove such idiotic log-in systems, as they place it on steam already where you require to give a password, name and blahblahblah, people want to simply play the game as you do with Half Life 2 or anything like that, you press the 'Play' Button and you're being brought immediately into the game without any ♥♥♥♥♥♥ 'PLEASE REGISTER HERE, HERE AND THERE'.If people want to have a spam of messages from a website they never care about coz they just want to play the game, then this is perfect for these, but for people who just want to play the game, it isn't.Even though, we all know that option is for Multiplayer, the game should also have by then seperated parts, meaning one game for single player, one for multiplayer.Rating this as Crap."
,Not Recommended,243470,10978478,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,volfin,Sadly this game has severe Keyboard/Mouse issues which makes it pretty much unplayable.
,Recommended,243470,10255183,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,SaL5a,"If you have a bargain build PC or an AMD card - or both:Do not buy this on PC.  Buy a PS4 or an Xbox One and play it there.If you don't like GTA-esque games:Do not buy this game.If you feel guilty about stealing from those less fortunate than yourself (including those with diseases and other ailments):Start going to church more frequently, but still buy this game.In a nutshell:  It's fun, would recommend...but be wary that it may run sub-optimally....or not at all, on your PC.  Console is certainly the safer way to go."
,Recommended,243470,10255696,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,quacke.,Awesome game. Haven't been able to watch any dogs yet though... Does anyone know when the mission comes?
76561197973678750,Recommended,243470,10257350,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Zerokill,I would like to review this game as it's the first PC game I have bought in over 10 years. Trouble is the uplay servers have been down since the games release
76561198002620876,Recommended,243470,10257171,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Gib,"Beat a guy down with a baton and it was deemed as ""Justifiable force"" - 10/10"
76561198031947752,Not Recommended,243470,10268187,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,jdmRR,"dont bother , if i could i would ask for my money back , go for the torrent save ur money , no online on the real one anyway"
,Recommended,243470,28810062,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Spookz,"I love this game. The only issues are the minor latency from using a PC, with a minnimum of frames, and the fact I can't enable aiming instead of holding it down.I cannot use guns at all. On pc I can't aim and shoot at the same time, I can't hold down right mouse button and click the left.I really loved the ""Alone"" minigame on the iphone. It was stealth, darkness, creepiness, him guilting himself, his wifes voice and the people just another robot.etc.I wish all games were like the alone minigame."
76561198027893754,Recommended,243470,10253304,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,GiggleHz,"Short, and accurate...Feels like a poor mans GTA V. Thats the honest truth and im pretty sure you all pretty much knew that anyways.  The cars especially feel poorly done. the hacking, is Meh.However it is still big, it is still fun, it is still worth playing. It is impossible to not compare it to games like GTA/saints row, and it feels like it falls somewhere between those two in terms of quality."
,Recommended,243470,27919169,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,SoulSpear,Police rapes me in the a**10/10 - Roundhouse with a car
,Recommended,243470,10304935,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,NetQvist,"Gameplay is decent if not superb, liked the story and loved the ending.Main complaints about the game seem to be the driving and technical issues, concerning the driving I found it to be pretty good except for some physics issues that are no gamebreakers. The technical issues of the game however.... shesh they are bad, the game runs at ultra high for me if I'm on foot and just running around, in a car or after a long session it's basically unplayable due to stutters unless I go to medium.Not even on the lowest settings will the game run properly, massive framedrops, graphical glitches with the sun and shadows and the stutters from texture/sound loading.In the end the game is great but it has technical issues all over and it really takes away from an otherwise superb open worlder, so it might not be worth risking it if you're on the fence but you'll miss a great game."
,Not Recommended,243470,10253858,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Cakestrike,This game gave me cancer
,Not Recommended,243470,10275936,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Telekeneto,"Absolute waste of hard drive space. The game won't progress past the first cutscene. It instantly crashes and locks my entire machine. Ubisoft support is absolutely useless, and so is Steams. Expecting a refund."
76561198023970574,Recommended,243470,16271830,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Molotow,"Do you want to hack the light so you always get a green light while you drive?do you want to hack other people phones and listen what's up ?There are so much you can do in this game, and the story is also very cool!I recommend this game alot!"
76561198272936592,Not Recommended,243470,34854143,Posted: 9 September,all,Gyro Zeppeli,"The game is ok i've played it on my friends xbox one and it ran fine but on m pc it runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥and my pc has no problem running games like Fallout 4.the frame dips happen  when you are driving,normally it goes from 70 or 60 to 30 or 24.it is horrible driving do not buy."
,Not Recommended,243470,29453377,Posted: 23 January,all,WhoLance,whyrsnjefdgc mvb
,Not Recommended,243470,30273956,Posted: 1 March,all,Prof. Severus Sour,Very unoptimised...
,Not Recommended,243470,35320332,Posted: 29 September,all,Roflbot,"A lot of missed potential. Basically think of this game as gta with hacking, and then make all the missions annoying, frustrating and not fun. Congratulations you now have watch dogs. Add forced uplay to that and you have a game that isn't even worth 5$"
,Recommended,243470,10389476,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Urd000med,"pretty good,"
76561197971901172,Recommended,243470,10256046,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,ZakBagans™,"Fun game, I'm running a 4770k and dual gtx780s no crashes or lock ups. I think this morning 5/27 they had some uplay server issues so people couldn't log on but it seems to be fixed. The game play is nice I dont feel like I have to have a controler plugged in to play it. The graphics are amazing and hate to say it if you are buying AMD and gaming well I feel bad for you. Save you money buy an intel and an invida card because your good buy amd lacks the support of either of the other companies."
,Not Recommended,243470,29018356,Posted: 4 January,all,Mountain Dew,♥♥♥♥  Uplay.it won take the ♥♥♥♥ING CODE EAVEN
,Recommended,243470,28706745,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Seto Mulyadi,bad at driving but the whole game was good
,Recommended,243470,34970266,Posted: 15 September,all,V3N0M | blw.tf,6/5
,Recommended,243470,10248036,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Retro Bliss,I hacked into someone's bank account to get this. 11/10
,Recommended,243470,10251441,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Mad Dog the Mad Cunt,Forklift hacking simulator 2014
,Recommended,243470,22874268,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Kairiko Liona,"11/10 just because of ""Spider Tank"". That is all.Nah, but seriously, WDs is not a terrible game at all. I agree that it was indeed overhyped, but alot of the mechanics felt right at home deep inside my gaming soul. A bit of GTA, some Arkham, and an interesting cyberpunk version of Chicago. Take it for what it is, I'd recommend it either way."
,Recommended,243470,10250942,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,ron liason,me and my friend played it he was on his mobile and i was on here and i killed all the cops bang bang
,Recommended,243470,10248559,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Autistic Poo Painter,i changed all traffic lights to green and all the cars had a head on collision10/10
76561198128287463,Not Recommended,243470,32583745,Posted: 19 June,all,Shiny Magikarp,"Preface: This review contains nothing on the online aspect because I got this game too late and the online gameplay is virtually non-existant at this point. Although it did look alright. Now to the review...This may very well be one of the worst pieces of garbage Ubisoft has ever created, and Ubisoft created UPlay. And that really is a shame, because Ireally, reallywanted to love Watch Dogs. I was interested in this game from the moment I saw the trailer at E3 2012. I was hype as hell, and I didn't even feed into the hype train from others. I simply saw the trailer, knew what I wanted, and was excited.In the end, Watch Dogs ended up being nothing like what I expected. For starters, Ubisoft downgraded the game completely. The Ubisoft gameplay trailer fromtwo yearsprior was performing at a level the finished product couldn't even perform at.But that is just the tip of the iceberg. Just based on the concept alone, I didn't believe Watch Dogs needed a very compelling story. For example, while the Grand Theft Auto games almost all haveamazingsingle player story modes, the majority of fans are really hooked because of the open world. So, I was going to be forgiving if the story wasn't great.. but the story mode is justdreadful.And thatalsois a shame because the middle of Act III deals with someveryreal, and very serious topics. In the beginning, it all starts with Aiden seaking revenge on a man who killed his niece, but it develops into more as Aiden digs deeper into whoorderedthe hit to be made. But  the story is convoluted, and the characters' actions often don't make sense.Why doesn't Aiden lash out at Clara? What purpose does keeping Maurice around the whole time even serve? Why does Raymond Kenney become buddy buddy with Aiden after 6 seconds? Why is Damien such anidiot? There are just some aspects that don't add up.So not only is the story really uncompelling, but it's moved forward via an internal monolgue.. That's right. The entire story is moved forward via an internal monologue, and Noam Jenkins (the voice of Aiden) might deliver theworstperformance of any voice actor in a Ubisoft gameever. It keeps me up at night wondering who in the flying ♥♥♥♥ listened to Aiden's dialogue and thought ""yeah this is great!"". As a side note tough, Isabelle Blais as Clara & Aaron Douglas as Jordi knock it out of the park. They aresogood.Oneredeemingfeature of Watch Dogs however, is its side content. There are fun things to do like criminal convoy interruptions, decryptions, gang hideout infiltrations, etc. You can even play things like the Shell game, Texas Hold'em, weird ""digital trips"", etc. The side content is kinda fun, but its downfall is that it's very gimmicky. It bears no importance on the story mode and it's hard to get motivated todothe side content if the base game isn't fun enough. Which is why I only did about half of the side content in the end.And the base game simply isn't fun enough because  the hacking system gets stale really quickly.  The hacking puzzles are simple, and pretty boring. Manuevering through the cameras  like puzzles isalrightand finding the right routes to doors is cool, but at some point it wears off.  And perhaps the most damning thing of all is that hacking is actuallyfar slowerand more difficult than just shooting your way through all the missions.And because so much time was dedicated to creating a game where there was such a web of connectedness and hacking, the rest of the game lacks depth. So the gunfights are very simplistic, the take downs are bland, driving isterrible,and worst of all.. the ""open world"" is empty. I've never played an open world game with such a lack of interesting things in my entire life. Seriously, Red Dead Redemption had more to do across the map than this game does, and Red Dead takes place out in the middle of the desert. It's sad that the gameAll in all, the game just makes for an unsatisfying play experience, and in my eyes for these reasons it's not worth your dollar. I'm glad I got this for less than $20, I'd never recommend anybody paying more for it than that.I have heard good praise about Watch Dogs 2, though. So when I eventually buy that on sale I hope to have a better play experience.Pros:interesting real life applicationsvisually okinteresting gimmicklots of contentdecent soundtrackCons:terrible Storyterrible Voice Actingwhile there is ""lots of content"", the content lacks depthdriving is an abomination""season pass"" (kill me plz)empty worldLack of depth in gunfightsand for anything I didn't mention.. this:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=idA9BEA4Hxs"
,Not Recommended,243470,10252153,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Nady,"Já pude perceber que o game é mais do mesmo, não supera o mundo aberto de GTA. Fora que está no padrão ""ubisoft"", sempre a mesma coisa.. acho que far cry 3 foi mais divertido! Roubar carros, se esconder, fugir da policia.. parece que não estou jogando algo novo.. fora os bugs.. parece que o game não foi feito para PC."
,Not Recommended,243470,32307363,Posted: 9 June,all,Nasroot Obekwalu,The game that made me not preorder games again.
,Recommended,243470,10249291,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Cryosphere,You can steal 900 dollars from people who are heavily into porn whilst wearing a fedora.11/10goty.
,Recommended,243470,10248083,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,BeltedJuano,as of release date the game runs very poorly even with my gtx 770 and my AMD FX 6100 on low settings. Wait until they release drivers fixing the frame rate issues.
76561198025974754,Recommended,243470,10249182,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Sensient,"Hardly an hour in and all I can say is. Wow!Stunning Graphics outside, great lighting effects, wind and the movement of the plants is just amazing. Gameplay is intuitive and precise."
,Recommended,243470,10252334,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Niggafish,"Just awesome and epic.It's a great game but if you're like me you will be disappointed. I know I was at first. I think the hype around the game was too great. I was expecting this game to blow GTA5 away in every department. So revise your expectations downwards. The mechanics feel more similar to Saints Row than GTA5.The Driving: Bad. It's arcade style with bad physics & damage. This was what stopped the game from being spectacular for me. The city is full of life on foot.The Graphics: This is no Killzone or Infamous. Nighttime looks quite nice. Aiden looks really cool while walking. He runs a little awkwardly IMO. I didn't notice the incredible wind effects they keep going on about.On foot: The world is really alive, lots of interesting characters. There is so much random dialogue that you can over-hear. Significantly better than GTA5 in this aspect. I hope this is the new standard. If NPCs get into a car accident with each other they argue. The reactions of NPCs when you block traffic is awesome. You'll walk by random people free styling. If you point a gun at a civilian their reaction is awesome.It would have been nice if you could push or punch civilians. The most you can do is run into them full speed, they stumble a little, call you a jerk & walk away. If you keep doing it their reaction stays the same. I would have liked it if they ran away from you, called the police or fought with you.Hacking: This is ridiculously fun. With the intelligent/realistic AI it's highly entertaining. I love freaking out enemy NPCs by opening & shutting gates in front of them. Their reactions are priceless. It's definitely not a gimmick & makes gameplay SO DIVERSE. I hate playing stealth in most games. I only use stealth in Assassin's Creed when forced to because I find it boring. The hacking however makes stealth gameplay awesome.Shooting: Very fun. The AI seems quite intelligent. So they try to flank you & search the area. They don't always know where you are. Explosions look really nice. Police aren't overpowered. I'd consider it better than GTA5 here as well. The cover system in this game is great. It's really intuitive & easy to move from cover to cover. It would have been nice if they added blind fire though.The side activities: There is something for everybody here. A ridiculous amount of them.Watch Dogs is also simialr to the Tom Clency's Splinter Cell series.8/10"
,Not Recommended,243470,12394726,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,slackfam,dont spend your money on this piece of♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,243470,12619198,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,The Senate,"Generic Open World Ubisoft Game 15.  Watch_Dogs is extremely mediocre, I can not think of a single thing it does exceptionally well.  The story in Watch_Dogs is subpar, the characters are even worse.  The combat is OK at best and is missing things like firing from the hip.  The stealth mechanics are than Assassins Creed but worse than Far Cry 3's(which weren't very great anyways).  The driving is horrendous.   Like any open world Ubisoft game it is full of pointless collectibles and side missions.  The Karma system makes no sense, you're constantly going around stealing thousands upon thousands of dollars from the public and yet if you stopped a couple of crimes they support you.  Not only is Watch_Dogs a poor PC port(it wouldn't even run at 60+ FPS on 2 GTX 770's) Ubisoft also hide settings in the game files that made the game look much better.Score: 5/10TL;DR: Watch_Dogs is not worth full price, I wouldn't suggest getting this game unless it is less than $15.  In fact, I'd suggest not buying Ubisoft games all together.  Ubisoft has proven time and time again  that they don't care about PC gamers, If we stop buying they're games maybe they'll change.....maybe."
,Recommended,243470,23273688,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Square [FR],"10/10, would hack again.Season pass worth it too."
,Not Recommended,243470,24333319,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Wendy,"I encounted 2 game breaking glitches' had to restart once, luckily the guy falling through the flaw reset himself.I am not reviwing this negativity because they strait lied to our face's.Now unto the game itself, Aiden Pierce was a bland boring character, with one of those generic i have to save and protect my family, other than that there is no story, a generic story is not bad per se but this time it was very bland and boring to play.Multiplayer is just garbage, why is it even there? Driving was the worst being able to hack while driving was useless with these awful constrol's even with a mouse i can't aim it well.So much content was removed which was shown at the Game's Demo again Ubisoft overpromised and underdeliveredi got this game at full price, and it's not even worth $5.00.Ubisoft fail's at so much that it's turned into a meme, If you don't believe me, go check out Ubisoft downgrades on youtube.Will not be getting another Ubisoft game unless it's free or has Overwhelming review's, Step up your game."
76561198030738767,Recommended,243470,10248519,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,SuboBuckaroo,BE ADVISED: REVIEW AS OF NOW IS 1 hr IN-GAME FROM START; I PERSONALLY HAVE 0 GTA IV PC EXPERIENCE AND HAVE YET TO PLAY GTR V.This is to give ppl a glimpse into what a demo may offer or showcase. With that being said I'm runing the game with all video and display settings turned up and over-all graphics wise in one word.. beautiful. The attention to small detail in every aspect down to the Sig P250 9mm has been more than a joy to look at (personaly own the .40 variant so yea that made me smile); taking the game at a slow pace allows the player to get a feel for the mechanics at play (showcased in the video's on steam).While in a high-speed pusuit and or gunfight it's easy to mistake the game for past games in it's Rockstar defined genre but added 'hacking' mechanics and skill tree's give depth to character creation which has actual impact on world interaction. So yes you can do what is expected in a GTA title (not going to comment in-depth on driving due to its 'hot topic' current nature-check steam forums) but due to a skill tree controlled chracter growth mechanic these experiences become re-defined in multi-variable means; ex. changing traffic lights for good or bad/ slow-mo for precision charcter use/ increased varibles when dealing with law enforcement.Early on I personally feel the game is just a breath of fresh air for somone who was looking for something more than the 'little things' in GTA IV. With the current Beta Drivers from Nvidia i've had a smooth 60 fps experience and again the game  looks incredible. I decided to leave the quick review at that so it would remain lol quick. But for those wondering about all the 'little things' when just walking the streets.. all I have to say is that my all-time motto is it's better to overwhelm than underwhelm in the video game world and this game more than overwhelms. Hope this helps.
,Recommended,243470,10248128,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,CutRex,"Found an NPC who was ""Curious about yiffing""10/10"
76561197997494604,Not Recommended,243470,12342752,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,KING-TYPO,Well lets see.. the game is kind of blah. the controls for driving are SO BAD. reaction times for the cars and stearing are through the floor. also instead of slowing down when you stop puching on the gas the car keeps going like on some kind of curise control. very slugish. running controls are kind of like that but not AS bad. the tech for the game as in all the hackign is fun and all that and works. also in terms of feed backthe games does not give you much information in terms of why where you chaseing some one then poof they disappare or he stops becoming your target then other people shoot at you then next second you ahve to reload... the load times are long. but no so long that you cant wait 30 to 1 min for a full reload.  this game is NOT repeat NOT worth the 69.99 dollars wait for it to come on sale then make a buy..
76561197965096931,Not Recommended,243470,12428503,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,PockaCossy,All crazy in trailer but when it comes to multi everything its really bad
,Recommended,243470,10273960,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,anzor133,"A real fantastic game . Forget the missions . The resolution and the opwn world and the machanics , everything is amazing . I  really recommand this game ubisoft really did a great job on this game , forget all the connection to uplay and♥♥♥♥♥♥and just focus on the game it self and on the veriety that it has instead of saying it sucks ."
,Recommended,243470,10249449,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,beaN,This is a brillliant game10/10
76561198017570601,Not Recommended,243470,23462252,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Fap Tissue,"♥♥♥♥ this game, I pre-ordered it back in the day and it was a total pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥... Now they are making a 2nd one? Obviously they took too much money from me in the first game. I won't make that mistake again...."
76561198270581510,Recommended,243470,25614204,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Eureka's Station,Love this game !!
76561198210720740,Not Recommended,243470,32780549,Posted: 25 June,all,Ser Arthur Dayne,"gets tedious around 12 hours in. main protagonist is just boring. optimization is♥♥♥♥♥♥poor, with high end machines being forced to run on medium to get semi decent framerates. just a below average game all in all"
,Recommended,243470,10251271,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,kodas,"Watch_Dogs is a a very fun/ enjoyable expirenceMany people dont like it because of bugs/glitches/ crashed etc but I havent ecnountered any of thoes besides 1 or 2 lag spikes on ultra graphicsThe gameplay is also very fun, running and parkouring around the city while exading cops hacking your way through obstacles.I havent unlocked multiplayer yet because you need to unlock certain things, but I know when I do, it will be loads of fun.Dont listen to all the haters, they are proably just made because of the lag they are getting with their 1960's computer, I play on ultra and get no lag.. My best bet for you is to play on high if you have a pretty good/ more than decent gaming PC, to avoid the minor and few lag spikesRate 8/10PROS-Good story lineParkouring is funAwesome hacking ablities(There is a lot more just cant name them all!)CONS:Minor lag"
,Not Recommended,243470,32329833,Posted: 10 June,all,Capital_G,"Too many crashes, visual glitches, and overall just a poor port."
,Recommended,243470,10249783,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,ok.ua,REALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLY GOOD
,Recommended,243470,10251643,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,█▀█ █▄█ ▀█▀,"Best Open World Game That Is Out There.  If You Love To Hack And Want To Be A Hacker,  Buy This Game ASAP!Another Thing is if you have an Apple Device or Android there is an App called Watch_Dogs Companion: ctOS Mobile.You can controls the cops and mess with people online and get them busted."
76561198024798571,Not Recommended,243470,23459909,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,A.U.S. Elite Force,Bugy concept
76561198266099703,Recommended,243470,25812398,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Ummmm,so i got this game for the hell of it and it turns out hell it is fun
76561198042838245,Not Recommended,243470,12425651,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Magnus Rander,"Watch dogs is a stealth game set in the distant future of 1956. You take on the the dog-house as Lebron Jaymes, a vigilantastic vigilante who is out for revenge of his beloved ♥♥♥♥♥. (female dog) Belron must defeat mighty foes with his gun-car-sword, while sniffing doggie-drugs and slammin ♥♥♥♥♥es. But now you ask: ""But Doggieee. What can i brugeren til?"" and to that i can only say one thing. ""It hedder Bruge bette friend!""T'en 'audda t'en0/5"
,Not Recommended,243470,12455827,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,geekl33tgamer,"Rattled off the boring, and extremely repetitive storyline within 30 hours, and clean up all side missions in a further 10. The entire experience was one that leaves no lasting memory of the game world or the completely emotionless characters gameplay.The only thing I remember is it runs poorly on a high-end system. I have no desire to go back and play this over again. Watching a tin of paint dry has wider appeal than Watch Dogs’ re-play value."
76561198067538755,Recommended,243470,32515341,Posted: 17 June,all,Fireburstin,"Now I don't know about you, but I only play the best of the best, and oh boy, is this is. It works 100%. The MC is such a relatable character, I fewlt like that was me, they even got the trench coat right. NOt only ddo I like to shoot civillians, but I like to update my OS at the same time!!!! I hack like everyday, and this game lets me, plus so many milfs. If you want a story rich game, this is it, buy it now. The multiplayer is even better than battlefield. The driving mechanics are just like Forza, if Forza was good. The combat is better than COD, and that's saying alot since it hads the best multiplayer, until this game came out. The graphics are basically 4K. I jumped out my window because it seemed so real. I even killed my neighbor, LOL XD XD. 3000 FPS, no joke. This is the most accurate representation of chicago I have ever seen in a videogame. I also remember that one time where there was alot of blackouts that one time I visited chicago.  I even walked into a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ auction once, thats how I got me girlfriend! XOXO. Alright guys, cops are here, they figured out I'm ♥♥♥♥♥ bc fb. brb ttyl gtg. I'm not a virgin, I swearPls Buy, this isn't sponsored"
,Not Recommended,243470,12535717,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,ROKDAWG [ROK],"STEAM - I am REALLY angry with you. I keep buying the next promising game on UPLAY hoping you finally consumated your marriage but alas your children (subscribers) will become bitter and dettached until you've lost them forever unless you seriously consider a DIVORCE.The game itself is hard for me to review as I never got it working past the first attempt to use the hacking device. I have between the minimum and the recommended requirements and it's like I'm trying to run a PC game on a Etch-a-Sketch™ and I promise you my custom-build rig is no Etch-a-Sketch™. Horrible strobing, dirregarded mouse strokes, broken dialogue and audio mess...Just a nightmare that I HAD to give up on after 2 days of driver updates and surfing forums. I see the same complaints everywhere.I know I'll never get my money back from you STEAM but after so many years here I am about as♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥as I can be at you.What sucks for me is that I can NEVER buy a game from Steam until at least a month after release to see all of the reviews and decide if it's worth the initial price. If you are a steam member and considering buying WATCHDOGS do yourself a huge favor and put it out of your mind. Move along. As you were. Enjoy your browsing and have a nice day!"
,Not Recommended,243470,16365602,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,PapíDimmi,"I say Watch_Dogs, you say ew.WATCH_DOGS!"
,Recommended,243470,10261851,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Scyrenus,"Lol People mad, cuz they have bad interwebz. Such hate, much uPlay, many wows!"
76561198055022619,Not Recommended,243470,30738054,Posted: 25 March,all,farisfive,"First review I've left after years of purchasing games on Steam if that tells you how annoyed I am at the playability of a game this old.  Bought this and Watch Dogs 2 because they were on sale.  Spent WAYYYYY longer than I should have trying to deal with the random frame rate drops to no avail.  Then tried to log into UBI site to ""turn off"" online thinking that might fix it.  Spent WAYYYY longer than I should have trying to log in / reset my password just to find out that's an ongoing issue as well.Refund requested for this and WD2.  Didn't even install the second one.  So infuriating."
76561198085238815,Recommended,243470,23454792,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,pofs,"Ignore all the negative reviews, at leats now it is one of my favorite open world games of all time. You will have a lot of fun and even though its not GTA 5, that is what makes it better than that in many ways. Just buy it."
,Not Recommended,243470,25121928,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,CraX,"Bought this game and all the DLC for $7 when it was on sale, and can't get it to run over 5 frames on a rather beefy PC."
76561198091713051,Not Recommended,243470,33265144,Posted: 5 July,all,pongrapeep0,ช่วงหลัง Ubisoft เกมไม่ได้เรืองเลยร่วมทั้งเกมนี้ด้วย
76561197992687121,Not Recommended,243470,23481929,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Robbo (AR),"I think I gave it a fair chance (34 hours)Dull as dishwater , I hate the main character who is also dull and found I couldn't give a stuff about the storyline.Badly optimised game that resembles the original trailors in name only.1/10 Would uninstal again"
76561198009273331,Not Recommended,243470,25293510,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Greek Monk,"This game is sucks!! Terrible story, driving and camera control. The side missions are boring because you play all the time the same missions. I regret the time which I spent to play this golden poop!!"
,Not Recommended,243470,10553770,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,uwu uwu,gr8 b8 m8 i r8 it 8/8
,Recommended,243470,23456211,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Stryxus,"People always complain about this game, I haven't seen any of the issues anyone else has, people don't see what the story actually means and they choose to discredit the developers for encouraging change. I don't want flying cars like in GTA I wasn't realism. People really wanted too much from this game..."
,Not Recommended,243470,31175303,Posted: 16 April,all,GREG1972CY,"I can't understant this game sell  for this price. Not good qualitty graphics as Grand theft auto IV , witcher 3  or Quantum Break.  My opinion the graphics of this game look like old game like the Grand Theft San Andreas so if you have a good gaming  pc I do not recomended  this game. The story of the game looks fine but poor quality graphics at all. Also other downside  of this game is doesn't run  on Steam platform and you need to download Uplay (Ubisoft) game platform to play this game. Steam should to let us know which games can't run on Steam platform. Can't  make sense to buy game  from Steam and you can't play the game on Steam platform."
,Recommended,243470,12697186,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Rumpel_69,"Best game 2014, especially online-hacking is awesome ... no need for GTA5 anymore! :-P"
76561198101353999,Not Recommended,243470,23743006,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,kdgibbs55,I played this game with low expectations. They were too high.Only buy this game if you are a small child whose parents will let you get it instead of Grand Theft Auto.
,Not Recommended,243470,10254889,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Fyrefly,"Fun but not for every one and very disappointing but at the same time it pretty much what I expected it to be. I don't know what every one was expecting this game to be but its in no way GTA on steroids. You have to come into this game with the right mindset. If you are a fan of Person of Interest I would highly recomend this game. But to the average person no.The graphics are okay. They pulled a Far Cry 3 on this. Nothing like the E3 demo. But I'm not here really to complain about the GTA Vice City textures ported over to the AssCreed engine.The game was advertised as everyone and everything is connected. And that you actions will have serious repercussions based on what you do. Not only could I just walk into a gun store and buy an assault rifle right after escaping the cops with no question asked and hang around for 10-15 minutes. Nothing happened as I hacked another 20 bankaccounts during my casual stroll through the Park for the 40th time. I tried not to kill anyone during the game by either using melee or shooting them in the leg. Unfourtionaly no matter where or how you hit them they will die. As I discovered this by shooting an officer in the leg to where it said Officer homicide and knocking another one down with the melee to where it also said office homicide.On a postive note the enemy AI is pretty advanced. They will give supressing fire while their team mates flank around to the other side. However the saim can't be said for the Allied AI. They will stand around and take bullets thinking they are ♥♥♥♥ing superman. While you are forced to try and protect them from their own poorly coded thinking ""skills."" But by far the worst is the civilian AI. I'm in a massive shootout between several guys and some how a small group of ♥♥♥♥ing civies keeps walking back and fourth between the crossfire avoiding every bullet. And for some reason the people 5 feet away don't get the memo and proceed to walk into the crossfire only freaking out as a bullet or 2 wiz by them. Slowly building up the amount of civilians trapped in the crossfire. Seriously one time there was 15 of them I couldn't get a shot off to save my life. So I just gunned all of them down.I never really thought of Hacking as something big in this game. Just a gimmick. And while it is really a gimmick it also very useful and funny at times. Remeber when I said the civi AI is out right stupid in the last paragraph. Well when you hack the traffic light to make them all green. All cars will proceed to drive foward or make wide angle turns regardless of what is in front of them. I saw a lone car at a traffic light. I decided to do something nice and change it for him. He proceeded to make a wide angle turn into a wall. Note there were no other cars around. A second time I parked a Dumptruck infront of an intersection. I hacked the light greed and all the cars proceeded to drive stright into said dumptruck despite the fact it haddn't moved at all.The story while meh at times really make you feel like an action hero. In my case Mr. Reese from POI. But after the story is over there is really nothing to do other than stop petty robberies or play chess. This game needs a level replay function. Something that should be standard in every game. This is a game that honestly need mod support. A reason I keep going back to games like GTAIV instead of something like Sleeping Dogs. With out a big mod community even with all its Multiplayer Features I see this game dieing in a few months (at least on the PC) with only a handful of people comming back to it to get their Batman with guns stopping petty crimes fix.Also if you have an AMD card. This game runs like a blind paraplegic walking up a flight of stairs if you don't have a Nvidia card. I would also like to note that this game is currently ported (or in the process of being ported) to all the 7th and 6th gen consoles (excluding the Wii) Only the PS3 is using a Nvidia Graphics Chip. The PS4, BXO, 360, Wii U all have GPUs made by AMD. From what I've heard they run perfiectly fine on those AMD based systems. Yet my Overclocked 7970 seems to be having a hard time pulling off High Setting, Medium Textures, AA off. While Nvidia Users with a less than equlivant card seem to pull off Ultra setting with little to no problem. There is perfered optmization, unoptimazation, then there is this♥♥♥♥♥♥Unless you really need a Person of Interest type game like me. Avoid this disapointment espically if you are an AMD user. At least for now."
,Not Recommended,243470,12700206,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Marquoise,"Yuck, I spent £40 on this♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198072385546,Not Recommended,243470,12407960,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,wommic,Don't Like It!
76561198092407739,Recommended,243470,13102647,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,dxdftvhsnhmilg,Best open worl game ever!
,Not Recommended,243470,31170239,Posted: 15 April,all,Duster,another ubisoft ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game
76561198019584864,Not Recommended,243470,33855759,Posted: 28 July,all,Devorlast,"Holy crap, this game is so bad it aint even worth the meager $9.99 I paid for it while on sale... GTA IV is way better and its like five years older than this poop. Im not even going to get in to all of the fails of this game, ill just give you a prime example, you cant use weapons while driving a car or a motorcycle... GTA 3 at least gave you an option to do drive-byes by using weapons at right angle from the window and that was in like 2002. Ubi needs to get back to making Assasins Creed and leave GTA spin offs alone, this game is a disaster when it comes to mechanics. Also, optimization for PC is garbage, I can run way better games than this at higher settings with better frame rate, and it's a three year old game...I finally suffered through the entire game and there is trully noting redeming that happens in the story later on or in the game period. The map is big, or at least seems to be, vehicles arent moving very fast so it might be just an illusion. There are no flying vehicles to use so forget about all that, and while at it forget about free running that is the usual ubi signature move. This is like a cheap Chinese knockoff of GTA IV with a forced ""dark"" and mopey story that has a few good moments and a whole lot of dung in between them. And the side ""quests"" you do that are supposed to be intriguing are a joke. There is a serial killer in the city you can track down, and everything looks pretty intriguing till you find him... and you are going to be like ""WTF?!? this idiot ritual killed some 8 people?!?"" I had more fun reading spoof websites on GTA IV internet (the IKEA one was the best) then playing this entire game.I am not comparing this to GTA V even though it came out six months after V got released, there is really no way to even describe the gap between watch dogs and GTA V."
,Not Recommended,243470,12617039,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,balloon,Horrid optimizationHorrid controlsOK storyMany glitchesFrom Ubisoft
,Recommended,243470,11748561,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Manga,"A new way of gaming xperience, by hacking as a tool. Great game, worth a money and great experience."
,Not Recommended,243470,23037415,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Calebc789c,"A pretty terrible game. Ubisoft blatantly exploited hype to get people to buy it, which is extra scummy IMO.The worst part? It worked and now we are probably going to see a Watch Dogs 2.If only I could refund my copy. Goddamnit Valve."
,Not Recommended,243470,30111498,Posted: 22 February,all,TreborSelt,"I went against all of the negative oppinions I'd heard about this game and decided to give it a try before buying the sequel.What a poor decision THAT was.So far the story had seemed a bit captivating, but everything else possible about this game was absolute garbage.Iliterally tried multiple times to give it another try, and another.. To no avail. The clunky, and practically unworkable driving and aiming/shooting mechanics made this game all BUT playable.I realy hope with the second installment they've steeped up their game."
,Not Recommended,243470,32185527,Posted: 4 June,all,hobnob,I struggled through to the final mission and was put off by the artificial difficulty. Most wanted rating. Full deployment of every Heavy in the game. City out to get you at large. Etc. etc. etc.Save your money. If you really want to know the story just watch the cutscenes on YouTube.
,Recommended,243470,19374903,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Ajakkz96,Watch Dogs is awesomePros:Can Hack EverythingMajor Plot TwistsIntense MissionsHas +4 Fun Mini GamesAwesome OutfitsWide Varietes of MusicCons:Cant Hack Everything Right AwayEnemys Spam GrenadesToo Many Cliches
,Not Recommended,243470,28451958,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,[Mz] Mulic,"I like the concepts of the game but Even since I preordered it, The  game just hasn't felt fun to me."
,Recommended,243470,10280627,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Griffons,"I was playing Watch_Dogs on the mission where you stealth around, I Took down someone and accidentaly yelled ""BOOM GOES THE ♥♥♥♥♥!"" and got in trouble11/10"
76561198052026885,Recommended,243470,10261761,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,PεnguiиRㄨT™,"Well to start off the game by itself is fun and pretty unique, in my opinion.I have played it for some hours now and have realized this shooting everything is not always the best option. The textures and graphic are really amazing and the AI in this game are not dumb. The best suprise i had was with the driving mechanincs of this game. I had like a billion of crashes initially and took me awhile to master driving in this game, Unlike other games the cars have an initial thrust when accelerated for the first time. Every bump and hits actually affects the control of the car and is something that will take sometime to understand.But there are some draw backs of this game. The most crucial one is clipping issues. Most of the time when your driving and you bump another car, one can clearly see the clipping issue there. Drop in frame rates. Loading of the map creates lag spikes in game and certail areas have color issues and bloom effects making it impossible to see.But essentially is a very enjoyable game. And i would definitely recommend this game and also hope devs will in future provide certain patches to deal with the issues ingame."
,Not Recommended,243470,11706355,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,hawkeye,Boring and unplayable without mods.
,Recommended,243470,29268181,Posted: 15 January,all,themagicnoob,Very few dogs to watch in this game
76561198256570629,Not Recommended,243470,27376286,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,LuckyBeans,Cant work on my pc
,Not Recommended,243470,13362422,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Tyrone,"Don't buy, it sucks!"
,Recommended,243470,10254407,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,AK47 *netcodeguides.com,"Really enjoyed the game. I love the way people are b!tching because they have horrible-outdated PC specs, this is a demanding game jesus guys. I'm fully enjoying the Gameplay so far. Hopefully they'll fix multiplayer match making so i can own some noobs ^^p.s If you like GTA, gran turismo this is the game for you :)"
,Not Recommended,243470,28128406,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Maellartach,"Damn uPlay. I couldn't playthe game, because I was given a faulty activation Key."
,Not Recommended,243470,17280346,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,flaming butthole,All of my friends bought it for their consoles.I tried to stop them but they didn't listen*day after that*They all regret their life.This game is so boring.
,Recommended,243470,16364677,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Healy,You should get this gameOh yeah and dont compare it to GTA because they're 2 different games.
,Not Recommended,243470,17784671,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Mini Koala,"I bought this game thinking I would Watch Dogs, WHERE ARE THE DOGS!?!?!"
76561198128129829,Not Recommended,243470,19325531,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Papa Bless,The only game that makes you look like a filthy console peasant
,Not Recommended,243470,12483121,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Wayne36,H
76561198106296281,Not Recommended,243470,12561625,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,AWESOMESAUCE309,"I don't have anything AMD so I won't say anything about how biased Ubisoft was, but I did have extreme lag for no reason at anything other than the lowest settings. Overall it was a bad game. the hacking mechanics were fairly repetitive with no improvements, even if you buy all the upgrades. MP sucked, you can just hide in a bush on the edge of the radius and you won't get found. 2/4 of the ""digital trips"" were stupid and the dealers were useless. Spider tank was funner than the actual game, and the stealth one was ok. The storyline sucked, and 90% of the game was just stupid collectibles.Or street hustles. Or chess. The driving mechanics are the worst I've ever seen. During missions you can just do whatever you want with no challenge at all. Way too overhyped, never buying a game on the first day again.After 6 months the price should be significantly lower, especially since everybody hates it.***DO NOT BUY IT***"
,Recommended,243470,27585252,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,PandaMaster,iz okey
,Recommended,243470,10261470,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,[DomBox] Killer_Dom1123,I actually liked the game sure it needs quite a computer but my PC can handle it and it doesnt really meet the minimum specs and my graphics cards would sometimes crash but like i said before doesnt really meet the minimum specs so im lucky it works
,Not Recommended,243470,24088157,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Lazydruid,"Horrible game, even if it's on sale, I do not recommend. It's just not worth the unskippable cutscenes, the funky controls, or the horrid driving."
76561198194671759,Not Recommended,243470,24275888,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Slay_Machine,"I played this game like for an hour.PROS : You can hack people using your phone! Cops in the game SUCK BALLS.CONS: Comparing to GTA V gameplay, this game is absolutely SHHHHIIITTT. ♥♥♥♥ THE STORY.Verdict : BURN THE GAME! BURN THE GAME!"
,Not Recommended,243470,12668104,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,PronePrune,Waste of money. It did not fill up to my expectations. 4/10
76561198045223011,Not Recommended,243470,12700120,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,TJdietz,The only reason i say know was overhype and underdeliver
,Not Recommended,243470,12653681,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Spanky,Its broken for me :(
,Recommended,243470,23483791,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,|T.N.R| 🅱a🅱on🅱nek,gud gam
76561198026626109,Not Recommended,243470,12532605,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,tomjo66,"Love this game, but got suck in stupid drinking game. That has nothing to do with the game it self, but I have to do it to get to next stage. I manage to win three of them in row, but the forth is so tiresume. Wtf devs?"
76561198060799025,Not Recommended,243470,14887786,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,"Jim Stoppani, PHD",poopy
,Recommended,243470,25037867,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Sydch,"Well, well. Everybody hate this game a lot, probably while i keep saying ""Assassin's Creed going to far, it'll be going to be a completely♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; no one cared, but boy, they mistaken. But that's not our point, after Watch_Dogs everyone starting to hate Ubisoft.I admit Watch_Dogs isn't a good port, it's downgraded as hell but we are PC players, we have mods. You can regain your E3 graphics with stable frames, same time. Check out ""TheWorse"" mod, probably you will use it like forever. So, after we have fixed our performance (kinda), we have a game that can be a masterpiece, if Ubisoft made their job good. But game itself is enough for satisfy everyone.What've PlayedThis review was written right after i've done last story mission. But story is not that long, you can complete it like dunno 8 hours? Well i've played a lots of side-mission, collected hella collectables, unlock all of dem skillz but most importantly the online.Game has kinda-unique online modes like invading and tailing, and some mods we all know like capture the flag and race etc. I played a lots of Invasions, i get a lots of invades while i trying to unlock ctOS towers. With all the pain in balls, it's probably one of the best online experience i've ever had.I'm not talking about driving mechanics (which is ppl being butthurts, i've liked driving cars), shooting mechanics (which is not good, but not bad either), or story (well-known cliche, but it's good, it's feels you like The Punisher) because sequel is incoming, everyone who reads this review already know these mechanics from older reviews.Last WordDo not buy this with full price. It's kinda worth that full price but, you might be get problems while running this game so wait some discounts. If you wanna buy it and can't wait discount, it'll worth. Still this game has a lot of players i can find any kind of online matches within 1 minute."
,Recommended,243470,23452001,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,BioFrosty,"So I only have 4 hours on this game, but I think I have a pretty good idea and can review it. Okay so lets get some things out of the way, you are a hacker vigilante by the name of Aidan Pearce. Pearce has basically no personality, but has a thirst for revenge. The entire story takes place in a highly connected Chicago, and involves lots of hacking, the occasional puzzles, lots of driving and more. What this game reminds me of most is likely Mafia 2, just in a modern day metropolis. Now many people are saying that this is a very repetitive. But there are a lot of fun things to do, there is interactive graffitti, digital trips, coffee shops, chess, shooting, hacking, lots and lots of driving, the occasional parkour. As well there are sometimes visual glitches, i.e. light flashing, lag spikes. It boils down to your choice, but I would say at least try the game, if you dont like it you can return it."
,Recommended,243470,23509667,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,eVo Mr.Keffie,"GTA V but then with Hacking,Love it!"
76561198025105449,Not Recommended,243470,16373009,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,pookar,no
76561198015858126,Not Recommended,243470,22716575,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Raymond Reddington,A completely dull storyline which begin to be a trademark for Ubisoft.  games for kids or simple minded people.
76561198105784893,Not Recommended,243470,13665216,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Electrocity,The hardest mission is Uplay
,Not Recommended,243470,16575169,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,SoyuzPolska,"The only game I purchased during the 2015 summer sale, is also the first game I ever refunded. Of all the games I played, this is the one that♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off more than any other. It's one of those ""looks better than it actually is"" type of games. The first issue I had, was that the vocal audio didn't play, and the only thing I could see was subtitles. This was enough to make me bang my head against the wall, as it gives me no reason to even play it if I can't hear dialouge. I have looked for ways to fix the issue, and the only things I found were more users having the same problem, and not being able to fix it. Overall, the game mechanics are bad, the story is pretty bad, the missions are simply repeats of eachother to take up room for them and can easily be done with a simple strategy over and over again. Overall, the only thing this game was worth was the refund I got. Now I will look for something better to buy in the remaining time I have left on the sale."
,Recommended,243470,10401694,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Xenophyter,"A great game with an eye for details.Everything that should move in reality is moving in this game. The attention to detail is unparalleled. The graphics are nothing to sneeze at, but not so good that it excuses the performance issues. The story is engaging as long as you dont mind the 90's movie feel to it. The cover based gunplay is very solid, borrowing heavily from SC Blacklist.The multiplayer is some of the most fun you can have in an open world game. If you like sandboxes filled to the brim with content, you'll enjoy this.8.75/10, great buy if you wait until it drops to 45 dollars. Currently the price is a little more than you should pay."
76561198106796604,Not Recommended,243470,29942298,Posted: 15 February,all,EmilyGremory,"This game has the worst combat system ever! I mean it. You can't get up from cover unless you push 3 buttons1! Seriously, I don't know what's wrong with Ubisoft. I am leaning towards extreme sadism. Anyway, unless you find this game at a sale DON'T BUY IT!Oh and UP YOURS TOO UBISOFT!"
,Recommended,243470,11213858,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Wolfstar★,"Absolutely awesome. A great story with lots of drama, action, and suspense. A beautiful world of Chicago (not totally similar to the real city though, but major landmarks are included) to explore. Great shooting mechanics, a unique driving experience, and interactive environments. I absolutely reccommend this to fans of series such as Grand Theft Auto or Grand Theft Auto if you want a more serious version of Grand Theft Auto with Grand Theft Auto elements, but not Grand Theft Auto humor or characters. It's similar enough to Grand Theft Auto to draw you in, but different enough from Grand Theft Auto to feel fresh. Did I mention Grand Theft Auto? 9/10"
76561197989229737,Not Recommended,243470,21935877,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,♥†€XP€N$IV GRI££†♥,"Terrible physics, oh also boring in general"
,Not Recommended,243470,23513211,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,EmersonS,boring
76561198095721073,Recommended,243470,32796371,Posted: 25 June,all,Great Griffin,"This is a Great Game, Loved the campaign."
,Not Recommended,243470,10255673,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Sarra,Multiplayer is a blast...when it works...Other than that? Big letdown
76561198058035322,Recommended,243470,14216722,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,XenoCryptic,Like Skyrim but with hacks.
,Not Recommended,243470,17346458,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,THE SEA CANCER,"Forget about having hopes in this game is not gonna worth 1 dollar1. Uplay updated their♥♥♥♥♥♥now i cant redeem the game2. No more updates to keep the game going on3. DEVs wont give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about you complaining the gamecuz their took your money and ran away already4.if you buy this game ,you just got robbed5. THIS IS A LOW BUDGET GAME"
,Not Recommended,243470,31082889,Posted: 11 April,all,Fuddy-Buddy™,I'd rather but Winwar
,Recommended,243470,14503017,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Curley,gr8 m8
,Recommended,243470,11052628,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,wheat thiccs,"There are things about this game that I liked and the things I didn't like.Starting off with GOOD: When you buy Watch_Dogs, what you will get is a pretty hands-on free roam game. Unlike games like GTA, you will always have something to do. For instance, when you are walking down the streets of inter-connected Chicago, there will be people on the sidewalk just waiting for you to hack their bank accounts to get their money. There are hundreds of side missions littered all over the fairly big map, so expect maximum replayability with this game. All in all, this game was definitely worth my time, and it should be worth yours. There were bugs in the beginning, but Ubisoft has patched them, so it isn't really an issue anymore.Bad things: At E3, Ubisoft showed previews for this game that showed amazing detail, particle effects, and even clothing movement that interacted with the rest of the world. Right before release, Ubisoft decided to screw all of the developers and end users over by having a downgrade of graphics just so it would be able to EVEN RUN on consoles. What we got was a PC port, and the differences were easy to spot. That was a horrible marketing decision because what was so overly-hyped turned out to be nothing like what was promised to the developers. Even after we were so dissapointed with that, Ubisoft continued to cause problems; this time with their servers. While I am absolutely positive that Ubisoft could not have prepared for such an overload on their servers, the fact that it took so long to fix, leaving fans going ""Why am I supporting this"".FINAL SCORE: 7/10 - Good but needs improvement."
,Not Recommended,243470,13264077,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,cispierce(a.k.a Captdoe1),"0/10 Wouldn't Play AgainAnd that's because my PC wont run itIF it did, it would be a different story. but only get this game if you have a beefy PC"
76561198023861613,Recommended,243470,10373611,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Piamond Dickaxe,"It's GTAs superior, across the board. You can be evil, you can be good, you can be a giant bloody spider smashing everyone up, or a lonely guy in a world full of CtOS bots, you can bounce on giant flowers that pop up from the ground, or  take a spin in Satan's car, this game is glorious. However, you DO need uplay to run it, which is a massive down, as uplay is the smelliest pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥since mechwarrior online. If you have little patients, do not get the game, I could have coded something better then uplay...in grade 4. It's that bad. It's been the cause of savegame roll-backs 3 times, now. That number will update with time."
76561197988915246,Recommended,243470,10269910,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,ItsCasper,"It's so good, totally worth my $70! The driving is kind of slippery, but the city is so beautiful and immersive even in Medium settings and minimized! You control so much in the world and the combat is like GTA V but only more stable and realistic! Totally recommended."
,Recommended,243470,10328825,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,[PN] Revelationz,Awesome game im on last mission. wished they didn't make the campaign so easy though :(
76561198077147598,Recommended,243470,10257829,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,yeet,"9/10, Overall amazing game, good graphics, controls work good.The reason it has a 9 from me is because of the driving..when you get air in a vehicle/motorcycle you justglide..like..what??"
76561198212453340,Recommended,243470,23543227,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,All I See Are Demons,hey dose any one know how to get the Act key for Bad Blood
,Recommended,243470,13556024,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Devon1337,"In Watch_Dogs I found that the story is great but there are some random things that go on for no reason.  It tends to be laggy unless you have a powerful CPU.   You get a wide selection of people because it randomizes it.  One bad thing the hacking is kinda linear its only things that are ran by computers and it limits you on that you cant go and hack a building to turn their lights off (execpt for blackout but my point is you can turn ONE building off).  The multiplayer is not the best but It is not that bad. sure its confusing on how to join multiplayer for your first time but you figure out sometime.  Note, Get the DLC because it helps the story A LOT.  So my rating for this game would have to be a...  7/10 Not entirly bad but It does have its down points."
,Recommended,243470,10278512,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Kirara Bernstein,"The main reason others rated this poorly beforehand were because on day one the Uplay servers went down due to the massive amounts of people flooding it.The game Watch_Dog's itself is actually a pretty well made game, Yes you have to realize every game has had it's problems coming out these days, and no Launch day for a video game has ever gone smooth for EVERYONE. But what a Review is about is THE GAME. Not the problem's that the social aspect thats involved in the game bring to it.ONTO REVIEW:As a Game Watch_Dogs delivers on my opinionA Large Open City - Not just large but your actually able to explore not just horizontally but vertically climbing alleyways, buildings, factoriesHacking - is smooth and easy in the game from puzzles which you solve to just on the street access of things it's pretty straightforward but funDriving- really depends on which car you use (of course) and they feel like they actually have weight.Combat - I really enjoy the choice to NOT be a murderer and actually defuse a situation (If possible) without killing many. But when it's needed the gunplay is smooth and covers practically needed for any fight or you'll die pretty fast (Which i enjoy).Multiplayer - is a fun addition especially to my taste the 1v1 Hacking, I love jumping into hunt down another player then steathily trying to avoid him, hide from him, distract him until the uploading's finished and his data and money are mine.The many other modes are just as fun, Decryption is a chaotic mode, where your either teamed with friends to hack a file as you fight off the opposition or in a free for all doing the same, all in a medium sized chunk of the map.Story - Wonderful!Graphics -Great as they can be with having to be able to run on many types of PC's High-Low End. While people may complain ""Oh why isn't the graphics as good as the 2012 PC tech demo we saw"" Thats because half the computers that try to run it (spare Extremely High End Custom PC's) would get horrible results or not be able to run it at all much less at full potential. As well as Game studios have a budget AND a deadline for their games meaning they NEED to have their game out by a time and be able to play on not just PC's but the consoles as well.ALL in ALL I'd give Watch_Dog's (In my opinion)8/10"
,Recommended,243470,10262653,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,XxxPussyLordxxX,this game is easly best game in 2014 all i gota say
,Recommended,243470,10345173,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,✪Orange | .,guten
76561198062340610,Not Recommended,243470,13480862,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Jay,Wait for GTA V
,Not Recommended,243470,26465379,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,^houmi^,"bad gameplay , trash game"
,Recommended,243470,17524299,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Kirdow,"I love this game. Many people say it's too short, which it is. But during my gameplay, I played a lot online and lots of side missions. I also kept playing around, driving vehicles and having fun. And when I felt ready for it, I did the main mission. That way I could play it for much more without finding it boring. This is a really fun game. Buy it, do side missions, play online, hack someone, enjoy the game. Buy it now and you will be so hyped for Watch_Dogs 2, which is currently in development. I give this game 9/10, because yes, it's a little bit too short, but the idea of the game and story is just brilliant and some events is just so good. I recommend this game!"
76561198107035253,Not Recommended,243470,22060737,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,"""iNViNCiblezX",suck and lag.testure look like sh i t.main character look stupid no personality.REFUNDED
76561198059729687,Recommended,243470,10341991,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Hawk,"A very good game, frame rate is steady and rarely dips, storyline is long and interesting but it some missions are repetitive. After the story there are lots of activities to do and you'll never get bored. If your PC is not up to scratch I'm sorry to say but the major of the forum commenters have a potato PC so make sure your specs fit the requirement!"
,Recommended,243470,17274031,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,napkino,"""DARN UPLAY OMG SO UNNECESSARY 1/100000"" -almost every review.I'd just like to debunk every unwarrented reason that I've seen for a bad review that for some reason are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ed all over this game.Uplay: Really? You can't wait ten seconds of inconvenience? 99% of people on Steam will just spend hours in the same position regardless, a few seconds is no harm.Bugs: I still haven't encountered even one crashCharacters: Aiden isn't the most fleshed out character, but there is definitely changes to him throughout the story. Although it could have better character development, he isn't just a cliche characterDriving: I don't see where the complaints come from about this, it is one of the most enjoyable driving experiences I have had in a game. To be fair this is a matter of opinion, but shouldn't define the entire game if you don't like the driving.Optimization: Oh yeah good idea just buy a game specifically advertized about its high end graphics and then complain when it doesn't run on your budget system that's supposedly ""adequate."" You shouldn't be surprised that this is an intensive game which won't run on your laptop. A GTX 650Ti can run this at about 40fps on minimum settings, and if your card is lower than a 600 series you shouldn't be claiming to have a good gaming PC.The multiplayer mode is undeniably iffy and is the only review I can agree with. The free roam is simply chaos. However, this game should more than make up for its multiplayer mode, and certainly isn't the first good game to have bad multiplayer."
,Recommended,243470,10341667,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,King-Cage,Great Game. The occasional bug with the weird disco psychadelic lighting is a bit absurd. Still not a game breaker though.
,Not Recommended,243470,14574664,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Ignis Fatuus,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥о)
,Not Recommended,243470,23543839,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,PunderDog,Controls are absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥ I don't understand how anyone is supposed to play this game. How do I get a refund?
76561198109055253,Not Recommended,243470,17728813,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Lomg boye,"This game, it's just the worst. Badly made, badly voiced, badly written horrible car crash of a game, (car crashed, by the way, happen a lot. Because the driving is crap.) I once shot a gun and the sound came 5 seconds later. Would not recommend this game to anybody, ever."
,Not Recommended,243470,17272063,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,The Kid Cops #lootget,"Go buy 40 copies of bad rats instead of this, not worth your money at all."
,Recommended,243470,11440752,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Mr.Venom.Pro(M.V.P),"great game, enjoyed it! and the main story line was quiet big which i liked.also nice variaty of weapons and skills to pick. has it moments but overall a nice game!"
,Recommended,243470,11451050,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Asthmatic Sperm Cell,"Lol I love how it's under Pixel Graphics. I have to admit the game's idea and storyline are good, but there are a ton of bugs and glitches in game, and it sometimes just gets repetative. The graphics aren't that horrible, I honestly don't see why people complain about the graphics of the game... My computer doesn't make it crash every 5 minutes I don't know what is wrong with your computers.... and I think it was fun while it lasted. If you want to Buy the game for storyline purposes and get in depth with the characters, then buy it; If you're just gonna complain about how horrible the graphics are and only care about graphics and how much it ""burns your eyes"", don't buy it. Jesus you guys, it's common sense."
,Recommended,243470,23605027,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,EEL,this is literally one of my favorite games i cant put it down
,Recommended,243470,11470681,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Jacko928,"So far, this is the BEST GAME EVER, but it mellows down once you complete the storyhopefully there will be more missions, gang hideouts are fun, but fixer contracts and criminal convoys are very frusturatingall in all, this game isn't as bad as it is advertised, and uplay can be annoying, but it is still a great game"
76561198164542882,Not Recommended,243470,23561004,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Deathstroke,So boring...
,Recommended,243470,10410275,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Scott,It was fun!
76561198309976484,Recommended,243470,29261754,Posted: 14 January,all,Razer6404,i love this game it the afodable gta
,Not Recommended,243470,11868102,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,The entire Jason Aldean audience,Worst $60 slideshow ever.
,Recommended,243470,13084326,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Bao-Le-58,"I know many of you were disappointed by this game. Well, so was I. First of all, the graphics looks good (especially at night or when it's raining). I'm not a graphics ♥♥♥♥♥ but Ubisoft showed us next-gen graphics at E3 2012 (with better animations and lighting) and when Ubisoft decided to downgrade the graphics, they let us all down. I'm not an elitist and I don't like to point fingers at consoles for the graphics downgrade. In fact, console games such as Grand Theft Auto V and inFAMOUS Second Son looks much better and has better physics than WATCH_DOGS. Second, this game is poorly optimized for PC with stuttering, crashes and frame drops (apparently more common when your system runs on an AMD GPU). It also has a very high system requirement for a poorly optimized game that doesn't even look that good. Fortunately, you can download a mod from TheWorse which is actually a hidden graphics file (get the final version with textures). It still doesn't look as good as the demo but that's the best you're going to get and while Ubisoft said that the graphics downgrade was necessary for better performance, the game actually performs better with the mod. It's not perfect but it doesn't crash anymore, the game stutters less frequently and I get more frame rates. I get about 45 FPS with the mod on high settings and about 35 FPS without it. But even on medium settings with no AA, I can't get a steady 60 FPS but my current settings is playable. The next problem is the game's story and protagonist. The concept of the game could've set up an interesting story but, like pretty much everything else, the potential was squandered and we're left with a typical revenge story that only touches briefly on more interesting subjects. The game needs better writing and better written characters because Aiden Pearce isn't very interesting or sympathetic and he causes more harm and destruction than you might think. Side characters overshadows him like Jordi Chin, Clara and T-Bone. The driving in this game is so unrealistic, every car drives insanely fast and you can easily ram other cars out of the road. I enjoyed sprinting and free-running more in this game than driving. You can hack other people's phones along the way and it makes escaping from cops or bad guys more challenging. But when you need to go to the other side of the city, of course, you're going to need a car, and that's another problem. You can only drive cars, trucks and motorcycles. Free roam in this game is very limited with no tanks, helicopters or even a bike. No worries, I can forgive the game for having none of those vehicles, I mean it's not Grand Theft Auto, but why is it that I can't even punch someone in the face? No melee, drive-bys or even jump (considering the game has some light parkour)? I know Ubisoft wants to focus on the hacking element of this game but you're suppose to give us the freedom to do these (basic) things in an open-world game. You're restricting free-roam for little purpose and it's stupid. There's only like 23 songs in this game as well and only half of these songs are good. The final issue with the game is that you can make an insane amount of money. You don't even need an unlimited cash cheat because there's barely anything to buy in this game. Not enough guns, vehicles or even clothes and there's no customization whatsoever. If you want to buy new clothes for Aiden, you can only buy full outfits that comes with a new hat, trenchcoat and pants. I guess that's understandable (as the developers probably want Aiden to look like that) but still, this game NEEDS customization. Personalise your vehicles and buy attachments for weapons or a new apartment would be nice. But, NO! So then, what else can I do with over $1M? NOTHING! With that being said though, this game is not as bad as people say it is. So it doesn't live up to the hype and the graphics were downgraded and that's a legitimate reason for giving this game a 0/10 right? Just ignore everything that the game has to offer and what it doesn't have makes WATCH_DOGS one the worst games in the world right? WRONG! First, the hacking element of the game can be a bit tiresome at times (especially when you have to locate devices to hack by jumping from camera to camera) and the mini puzzle can be a bit annoying but it's mostly fun and unique. It may make stealth really easy but it's an interesting take on stealth. You can plan your attacks by highlighting enemies when you hack into a camera and you can detonate nearby explosives as well as distracting enemies, jamming and disrupting communications. You can blow up fuse boxes and electric plates on the ground to take down enemies or cause distractions as well as raising protectors for cover. If you're looking for a challenge, just sneak past or take down enemies the normal way. There are many ways to approach enemies here (except for auto-fail missions which are annoying) with many stealth sections in the game, you can sneak past enemies or take them out silently or go in guns blazing. You can use utilities at your disposal such as frags and IEDs and ""lures"" to lure enemies to specific locations. Blackout is by far the best utility, create blackouts and enemies will have a more difficult time trying to locate you and you can even blackout an entire city and it's awesome. It makes escaping from police much easier as well and even if you're looking for a challenge, you're going to need it. You can craft utilities but that's pointless because you can buy them from Tobias after you complete a certain mission and you won't need much utilities before then. When you're on the streets, you can explode steam pipes (which is awesome), raise bridges, spikes and barriers, stop trains, steal funds, spy on people and invade their privacy and change traffic lights. The open-world is alive with people doing many things and activities (thanks to fantastic animation) and you can use your phones to scan everyone to find out more about them. It won't give you too much details but it adds a surprising amount of characterization. There's also a variety of things to do in this game. Starting with side activities, you have crime prevention (which is repetitive but fun), fixer contracts (the most varied side mission), criminal convoy (take out criminals before they reach their destination) and gang hideout (best side activity in the game). There are loads of collectibles as well but the human trafficking side quest was such a huge letdown. All you do (for 10 times) is hack someone's phone and find their briefcase (with no variation) and the last thing you do after that is take down a bad guy (like criminal convoy) and there's NO REWARD for it. You run into a sex trafficking operation during the campaign (which has nothing to do with the main storyline) and it opens up that side quest and it actually starts out quite well which is why I had the incentive to complete it only to be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off at the end. There are mini games such as the standard poker (if you know how to play it) and chess. There's a shell game (although the guy cheats), drinking game (series of button pressing), cash run (fun and challenging) and NVZN (which is boring as hell). Digital Trips are forgettable activities although Spider Tank is fun while it last. It's pretty much the only way to wreck havoc (Grand Theft Auto style) in this game but after about 2 hours, I've done everything that the Spider Tank mini game had to offer. Online mode in this game is great, especially Hacking and Decryption mode. Hacking is an intense game of hide and seek where you hack a player's phone and remain hidden or find the opponent and kill him before he steals all of your data. There's more that I want to say but I've reached the character limit so I'll have to end the review here. There are some value in this game and it's definitely worth playing when the price goes down. 7/10 - GOOD GAME"
,Not Recommended,243470,18758116,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,ju5t_0,"Just like half my games on steam, this one is buggy and glitchy as ♥♥♥♥.Really sick of your♥♥♥♥♥♥steam.Fix your♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198074215867,Recommended,243470,11445181,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Dezoto,Nice
76561198311861294,Recommended,243470,32807575,Posted: 26 June,all,D0M|N|C R!$K,Awesome game.. Best in its class :)
,Not Recommended,243470,29710532,Posted: 4 February,all,snootier90,bad
,Not Recommended,243470,22715345,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Whiplash,Gives me a headache
,Recommended,243470,12753005,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Satren4,Great game until it crashes with a blue screen.
,Not Recommended,243470,10262216,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Cj // DankRP.com,doesnt run wtf
,Not Recommended,243470,29672433,Posted: 3 February,all,✪BeijingMan♞@3748,The game crashed twice in an hour.
76561198275983637,Recommended,243470,25701225,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,theREALraptorjesus,I actually liked this game
76561198111506879,Recommended,243470,25420285,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,MailmanS0S,it ♥♥♥♥ing sucksnot reallyit's okay
,Recommended,243470,14893401,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Angry Gamer,it's gr8 m8
,Not Recommended,243470,33897580,Posted: 29 July,all,diglettthegreat,"The future of open games, with intense gameplay. GTA V. Not this."
,Not Recommended,243470,17289615,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,BlobfishGoneWild,"Eh. not worth 60 bucks atthe time, now it's prob worth, well, I wouldn't pay more than 20 bucks for it. It was fun, but it gets repetitive and there's nothing to do after a while. The cars are fun, but NO custimization, I mean, random colors. CMON RANDOM COLORS?! Driving was awful. Combat was ok, but suppressed spec ops weapons were the way to go, and just get headshots. EZ WIN."
76561198283486621,Recommended,243470,23750632,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,NEVER GIVE UP,I have enjoy this game so much. So I have preodered the watch dogs 2 as well.I hope it would be nice as well as i expected ~ THX
,Not Recommended,243470,13082747,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Mickey Havoc,"Just garbage. thats all, I mean you cant keep your car on the road, the controls sure, basicly an assasins creed clone. GTA v is better if only it had hacking. so dissapointed with the gameplay because they really had a cool idea,and it looks stunning, i love the hacking but its just sooo lacking in playability . atleast the pc port is, mb consol is better"
76561198030428096,Recommended,243470,14273129,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,badapple22,알고보니 비추까진 아니었음.  해킹으로 NPC 엿먹이는게 나름 재밌는듯.
,Not Recommended,243470,27518639,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,madskater5,"Thumbs down because the audio in game does not work. Googling many solutions yeilded no results that worked. From what I found the issue is somewhere within having a Realtec audio card and Windows 10. Graphicly it runs fine, but the lack of audio (and lack of working subtitles) make this a waste of money. I'm glad I got it on sale.If I get it working, I'll switch to thumbs up and post my solution."
,Not Recommended,243470,26444348,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Trocar,"The game is mostly unplayable. It has lag spikes. Following the various forum posts to resolve did not help. Change graphics to lowest settings did not help. Game played fine until I got in a car. Then it drops to 1 FPS further the driving mechanics are not up to par. I was really expecting better. I'd expect a functional game....Edit:Someone suggested I get a better PC here are the minimum requirements:OS: Windows Vista (SP2), Windows 7 (SP1) or Windows 8 (Please note that we only support 64 bit OSs.)Processor: Intel Core 2 Quad Q8400 @ 2.66Ghz or AMD Phenom II X4 940 @ 3.0GhzMemory: 6 GB RAMGraphics: DirectX 11 graphics card with 1 GB Video RAM - Nvidia Geforce GTX 460 or AMD Radeon HD 5770DirectX: Version 11Storage: 25 GB available spaceSound Card: DirectX 9.0c Compatible Sound Card with Latest DriversAdditional Notes: Broadband connection and service required for multiplayer mode. Supported Video Cards at Time of Release: nVidia GeForce GTX460 or better, GT500, GT600, GT700 series; AMD Radeon HD5850 or better, HD6000, HD7000, R7 and R9 series Intel® Iris™ Pro HD 5200I'm running Windows 10.I've got 16GB of memory > 6GBI've got plenty of space on my SD hard-drive.I've got two NVIDIA GeForce GT 755M >  DirectX 11 graphics card with 1 GB Video RAMI could always use a better PC, but if I meet the minimum requirements I expect the game to be playable at least on the lowest settings.Edit 2:Yet another person suggests a better PC and says check the minimum requirements first. My specs are better than the ""minimum"" and the game is still unplayable, it has random freezes while driving which appears to be a large part of the game.Edit 3:I've done some more research and it appears this might be an SLI issue. I going to reinstall and try the suggested fixes.  Since I've got two GT 755M's which each should be > than the minimum specifications I can at least try disabling one and see how it performs."
,Recommended,243470,23491855,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,🅱ased stick Man,games fun the obly thing wrong with this game are the graphic nazis saying that graphics are everything
,Recommended,243470,27602156,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Supreme of god CSGO500,i buy this because it discount
76561198071246553,Not Recommended,243470,23544840,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,not suspicious,accidentaly signed into wrong uplay account wasted 60 bucks sux fur me
76561198134443983,Not Recommended,243470,14684359,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,walrusboss777,this game is terrible i dont reccomend it to anyone
,Not Recommended,243470,29916056,Posted: 13 February,all,Rampage Alexeevich,worst game
,Not Recommended,243470,23517183,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Space Bear,Really Ubisoft?...
,Not Recommended,243470,28631064,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Peppa,"Driving in this game is like in ps2. drive a motorcycle into a truck, truck explodes. drive your car through trees with no problem. drive off hights with a motorcycle, land on your head or front wheel, you'll stay on your bike and not get hurt.Also there is a problem with the sound. remove anything that is in the headphone jack and there will be no sound until a restart.And how should i kill someone who is driving a car, when i cant shoot out of a car or bike. ( yes, i know, hacking, but it's not very pleasant)"
,Not Recommended,243470,33944084,Posted: 1 August,all,ER,"Gameplay Good, But The Graphic is worst, i buy at $9 it worth enough, Not worth if u Buy With Full price/Normal Price"
,Not Recommended,243470,18943978,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Pennywise,awful game
76561198050933573,Recommended,243470,25395725,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Heaven,This game made me Watch_Dogs than to watch my actual dogs.10/10 would do the same.
,Not Recommended,243470,20155580,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,nathan,I would like to play it but I'm stuck on the loading screen :/
76561197965392997,Not Recommended,243470,20028542,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Some-Guy,Don't spend your money! Steam should be offering a refund for this game. Controls are slugish even with a topend gaming rig. The mouse is so slow and driving is a joke.
76561197970670901,Not Recommended,243470,28641121,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Amoeba,"What ... maximum turn speed? Yeah, this game has a cap on maximum turn speed! Want to peek to the left and right really quickly? Prepare to be disappointed, you can't! The game imposes a maximum turn speed! This is the first game I see where there's a cap on turn speed for the camera. Vehicle exterior camera as well as on foot has a turn delay. Why? It's very frustrating and annoying."
,Recommended,243470,15156004,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,ironic,10/1O Maunkeiyes. Bad grsfics but VERY GOOOOOOD GAEMPALY
76561198030785103,Not Recommended,243470,24298193,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,DracoDruid,"K/M User, don't like controllers. Rage-quit during tutorial driving."
,Not Recommended,243470,28856898,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡yes,Nice Game with beautiful story..But the movement is slow even on 112+Fps
,Recommended,243470,18644032,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Elynt,HACK EVERYTHING! YES!
76561198003694300,Not Recommended,243470,16417606,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Mick,"I WANT MY MONEY BACK STEAM ,THIS GAME IS PRETENTIOUS CRAP........"
,Recommended,243470,21776319,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,BountyHunterV.5,it's tasty♥♥♥♥♥a potato.
,Not Recommended,243470,10267995,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Daddy Tong,Scubi Soft - Games for Dogs
,Recommended,243470,23646933,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Cumback Israel,NICE GAME I LOVE IT
,Not Recommended,243470,16371956,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,The Original Mayo,Everything about this game was a let down
76561198036845290,Not Recommended,243470,25681350,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Dofus the Tofu,"waste of time and money, i regret buying this unfinished product. Mind as well title it GTA 4.5."
76561198073117561,Not Recommended,243470,17593452,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Jacket,0/10 there isn't any dog watching missions
,Recommended,243470,10931211,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,FIDGET SPINER boi   ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° ),This game is all right but feels awww bit mehhh maybe ubisoft will make a secule and fix the goss dang laggy mutyplayer!!
,Recommended,243470,29268014,Posted: 15 January,all,massimoGG,One of my favorite games
,Recommended,243470,10477439,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Nick,"This is a long awaited review that I've been wanting to write for a long time. Watch_Dogs was delayed for a very long time and a lot of controversy concerning the graphics surrounded this game after the delay and following trailer. But I can gladly say that Watch_Dogs certainly lived up to the hype and is exactly what I wanted. This game is incredible!Let's start with the elephant in the room, the graphics. Watch_Dogs was praised in its original E3 reveal back in 2012 for having unbelievably realistic looking graphic fidelity and what the internet says is true, the graphics were unfortunetly downgraded since then. What the internet fails to realize is that the graphics were only reduced minimally. Lighting is beautiful, physics are revolutionary, and the water effects?! They are unbelievable! Walking along the river that goes through Chicago is one of the most incredible experiences I've ever seen in a video game. Boats drag through the water and send ripples to other passing boats. The rain and storm effects are also insane. Everytime it rains, Aiden's, (the main character's) coat gets wet and reflects real time lighting from around the city. As the storm lightens up, realistic puddles are pooled to the sides of streets and cars splash through them. This Chicago is truly a living, breathing Chicago brought to life by some incredible graphic work.Now the gameplay is an entirely different subject. I think here lies where most of the criticism comes from. Watch_Dogs is without a doubt, a STEALTH game. It is not a prettier looking Grand Theft Auto, and I'm afraid that many early adopters of this game believed it to be the GTAV they never got on the PC. The first thing you may notice when you start playing is that the driving is very unrealistic and sloppy as opposed to what you would see in a GTA game. Player car collisions feel disconnected and the game is very forgiving when you rear end someone. As long as you don't run into a car directly, you can usually just scratch past them, even if it looks like the collision would kill you. However, this isn't necessarily a bad thing, the arcadey and oversimplified driving lends itself to the gameplay and quickly becomes enjoyable once you're actually taking advantage of the main premise of the game, the hacking.Hacking is what this game is all about, and it never gets old, even through the entire 60+ hours I spent on my own playthrough. There is ALWAYS somethign to hack on your screen at any given moment. You can pull your phone out and get personal information from every single pedestrian on the street and I never felt as though I had read the same thing twice. You can also hack into phone conversations, text conversations, personal apartment cameras, bank accounts, traffic lights, street barriers, road spikes, and even cause a damn blackout if you ever need to get out of a hot situation quickly. The hacking was very natural and lent itself greatly to the gameplay. Some of the coolest moments in the game were escaping large groups of police officers by getting cornered, causing a major city-wide blackout, and driving my motorcycle off the top of a 10-story parking garage into the water while the cops were confused and climbing into a boat as the lights to the city flickered back to life. This is finally a brand new, unique concept that works VERY well and I absolutely loved it.Side Missions. This game has a LOT of them. You'll notice that they all resemble side missions from other hit Ubisoft games like Far Cry 3, Assassin's Creed, and even Splinter Cell: Blacklist. You'll be tailing criminals in alleyways, climbing around buildings trying to reach an antenna tower, and even playing chess or poker in some shady underground bar. The world feels real and you can really get lost in the city of Chicago with PLENTY of things to do.Now let's talk story. This game surprised me with a story that ended up getting so good, I had to play through the last 8 some main story missions straight through. Each mission has fantastic voice acting, great unique challenges, and a story that feels like a hollywood thriller like Die Hard 3. I wish I could tell you more, but this is the kind of story you'll need to experience yourself and avoid any spoiling. I went in having absolutely no idea what to expect other than you're a guy with a long trenchcoat that has issues, and I was pleasantly surprised to have a deep character that I could connect to. I made it a point to avoid killing as many people as possible, especially civilians and police officers. I loved how the developers allow you to even non-lethally shoot police in the knees to disable them and give you a chance to get away if you have no other option, only to take a minimal penalty to your ""notoriety"". Speaking of notoriety, your choices in the open world of Chicago have a major effect on what happens to you as you're exploring. If you are a ruthless killing machine, running over pedestrians ont he sidewalk because your cynical like that, you'll be punished for it. If you try walking into a store to buy guns or clothes, store clerks will recognize you on TV and casually call the police while you're not looking. Civilians on the street will also react differently to you depending on how good or bad you are.Now let's talk about multiplayer really quick. Again, Watch_Dogs surprised me with a multiplayer mode that was entirely unique but loads of fun. Instead of having a seperate ""online"" mode, Watch_Dogs features a ""Invaded"" mode, where anytime during your SINGLE PLAYER game, another online player could be stalking you. These invasions will block you from accessing missions and side missions, but they never felt like they were intrusive only because they are so much fun everytime they randomly happen. When a player enters your single player game, they are given 4 minutes to get close to you and upload a backdoor into your network. Once they upload a backdoor, they are given a chance to find a good hiding place and initiliaze a hack, at which point, you are alerted of their presence in your single player and are tasked with finding the hacker and killing them. You're given a small radial search zone to find the hacker and they can literally be ANYWHERE. Their character is disguised to look exactly like a random pedestrian so you'll never know who they are unless you use your phone and get close to them to profile them. So the player could be hiding in a crowd on the street corner, or he could be slouched down behind the wheel of a car parked on the street (yes, you can actually duck your head and hide inside a parked car), or they could just be hiding in a dark shadow somewhere. The more % they have, the smaller the search radius circle gets, making it easier for you to find them.Now this mode can go both ways, you can voluntarily search for a random player to hack and do the exact same thing to them, but it is really difficult to pull off, so you need to be really skilled and stealthy. I personally like to hack them while they're shopping, watch them frantically run outside to start profiling people, and then slip behind the counter and pretend to be the store clerk they were just buying clothes from. You can also ""tail"" a player and just join their game and follow them around without letting them profile you. This is easier because the player is never given any indication that there's someone in their game, and this really lends to the paranoia concept behind the game itself, because someone could always be watching you too.There's various other game modes to play with, but I wanted to highlight that adversarial 1v1 hacking mode because it's very unique and I had tons of fun with it.So that's Watch_Dogs in a very long summary. I highly recommend this game for anyone who enjoyed Far Cry 3, Assassins Creed, or Splinter Cell. Just be advised that this is not a GTA game, but a stealth game, and a pretty damn good one at that."
,Recommended,243470,14005951,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Sontophobia,"This game caused me to become adicted to something, THIS GAME! I mean... What other types of games can you shoot a helecopter while mid-air going fullspeed on a motorcycle, Killing each enemy with a head shot with a silencer and no one notices, and last but not least, be able to hack a player on the very edge of a scan circle. 11/10! GREAT JOB UBISOFT!Just... fix uplay... uplay sucks"
,Not Recommended,243470,33465395,Posted: 11 July,all,Katt,"doesn't seem to work with my hardware. lots of video tearing, lost textures/wireframes, even datamoshing on the cutscenes. what the heck"
76561198121194241,Not Recommended,243470,28133924,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,shubhams95,Why the hell this needs Uplay Activation. I cant login due to uplay.
76561198051201146,Not Recommended,243470,25319103,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,ninjaassassin,Have you played a game that only run on 1-10 frames most of the time rarely reaching and staying at 30 frames? Well this game can give that to you. The port is overall♥♥♥♥♥♥and the story lacks anything redeeming. If you want an open world game play find something else cause this game is pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,243470,35308398,Posted: 29 September,all,Decaffeinator,"Imagine GTA3, but you can press ""E"" to make random things explode."
,Recommended,243470,29251068,Posted: 14 January,all,Calin,Yap :)
76561198170044425,Recommended,243470,29250455,Posted: 14 January,all,Ēlēkjhānḍru,It's a good game rlly !:))
,Not Recommended,243470,16367628,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,BaselxD,how dumb I feel for buying this.
76561198060280011,Recommended,243470,11362257,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,ChrisThePR,"well after playing this game for a while now since i preloaded it a played it,i can see why people diliked the game. But i think this game is not worth the wait but still this is what we got. It is not worth this price tag no,maybe if it is 50$ soon i would highly recommend it. If this game looks cool to then get it if you're not intrested of what you see, might want to pass on this one.i give this game a 8.5/10"
,Not Recommended,243470,10370075,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,=LDDG= 3[L] (RATHER BUSY),"I keep on getting error messages saying that I need DirectX 11 and DirectX 11 runtime, when I have those installed. Waste of £40."
,Not Recommended,243470,12220496,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Voidflakes,"Steam says I've played this game for 78 hours, although realistically it's closer to 15, because it counts the time uPay is running, not the game itself. And boy, was there a lot of time spent running that♥♥♥♥♥♥♥without the bloody game working.As for the game itself? When I initially completed it, my first thought was ""Well that's the crappy 'save the family' chapter out of the way, the main campaign looks to be shaping up alright though""......... Then the credits started rolling. FFFFFUUUUUUU--"
,Recommended,243470,10249747,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,puterchip,Great when it works :/
,Not Recommended,243470,33255602,Posted: 4 July,all,Vaultdweller Exile,skip it
,Not Recommended,243470,10247753,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,PotatoUzi :^),DO NOT BUY THIS GAME! THIS GAME IS A LIE!Due to the popular belief that this game is about Watching Dogs (Hence the title: Watch_Dogs). It is NOT TRUE IN THE SLIGHTEST!! This game is about a hacker called Aiden who uses his environment to get revenge on the People who killed his Neice! It's got great graphics and great gameplay BUT! THE TITLE IS A LIE!I PREORDERED THIS GAME EXPECTING TO WATCH DOGS.I was wrong. Do NOT Buy this game if you are expecting to watch dogs.
,Recommended,243470,10248034,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Lord Shitboat,"From the first three minutes of the game I got to play, I was able to hack a soda machine, a phone and pick up a medical kit. Then the game kept crashing to desktop. May just be me."
76561197965135402,Recommended,243470,10248581,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Addicted_fool,"Living up to the hype so far.  I'm running on high with a i7 920 overclocked to 3.8 Ghz and a gtx 670 and I have a second monitor running movies while I game as always.  I'm getting some random slowdowns while driving fast, but other than that I'm not seeing the crazy glitches people have been experiencing so far.  I highly recommend this game, even if I blow myself up more often than the people I'm chasing so far!"
,Recommended,243470,10248460,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Iratus1,"Pros: Great fun, compelling story, wide open radiant city scape and great representation of Chicago.Cons: Does not play well on dual monitors. I have had more problems running this game than anything else. Driving mechanics are also sadly skewed, a real shame considering Ubisoft also made Driver: San Francisco. Also, U-play is annoying. And there's a majorly annoying inconsistency with what can and can't be jumped with Freerun. Again, Ubisoft, Assassin's Creed, come on. You know better than this.Overall 8/10 in my book."
,Recommended,243470,12505889,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,AlienNutsackInvader,"This game had many bugs and problems when it first came out but the developer's hard work and AMD's new drivers fixed almost everything. I have a AMD FX-8320 and a R9 290 and i max out everything and the only time my framerate drops to 30 or less is when i am going top speed in the fastest cars. If you like messing around grand theft auto style than this game is fun, if your looking for a deep story or ground breaking features then look else where. (P.S. to all game companies do not release un-finished games!)Graphics- 7.5/10 Hard to run, maxed out doesnt look that great, but it has some nice areasGameplay- 8/10 Story is not great but there is fun to be had messing aroundItems- 7/10 guns are a little boring but good enough for short term funOverall- 7/10 Ok game that was buggy, over hyped, and rushed, worth a play through if you get it on sale"
,Recommended,243470,10249396,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Elohim,"Simply amazing, 10/10."
76561197999240939,Recommended,243470,10248466,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Gordon,"I do not know why all those people complained about how this game sucks and blah blahI like it, graphics are great. I think we need to wait for a patch that will optimize the game a bit more. I like the story so far."
76561198125564082,Recommended,243470,10248618,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,GeeFamous92,"Well going to start off by saying this is a wonderful game, BUT <---- I'm running a AMD 8320 OC @4.2 with a GTX 770 8GB Ram get like 70 fps on maxed and when I'm driving down the road or running from cops BAM! 20. Downloaded all the new drivers and yet nothing seems to fix this problem, I see lots of people saying the same so we all need to make them do something about this cause 59.99 is a lot when the game isn't running like it suppose to run. Plz fix this problem!"
,Recommended,243470,10248494,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,gabs,"Nice game, great graphics, worth buy it! Just need an optimization, NVIDIA do his job on ForceWare 337.88, now waiting for Ubisoft for do the same."
,Recommended,243470,10248536,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Rorschach,"I totally recommend this game for anyone who likes GTA 4 or 5. Its got stratagy and some parts are not face paced. The car physics are similar to saints row 3 and 4. The graphics are not what was promised upon release, but are pretty decent. Large variety of missions for lots of hours of gameplay."
,Recommended,243470,10249411,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Max Headroom,"I found a guy who belonged to a doomsday cult, hacked his phone, told him death was coming, and then shot him in the head.10/10 would conspire again"
76561198094814167,Recommended,243470,10248659,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,JUKE-SKYJERKER,This game is like GTA but more inteligent and better graphics... I have been to chicago many times and playing this game brings the emersion right to your fingertips...  Its the next step to getting a total world simulation.  If your having problems witht the mouse be sure to fix it in C:\Users\nicholas\Documents\My Games\Watch_Dogs\a8d2eee1-136f-44f0-a3da-2d1e27c99745 .   Let the game pick optimum settings I tried to tweak it and it realy messed up... 780 Nvidia and every thing is almost ultra and it runs great!  I cant wait to sink some hours into this...  So stoked i waited this long to get a gaming PC being a console gamer!
,Recommended,243470,10250642,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,▓▓▓▓._phrozen-.▓▓▓,"great game, it spent me 7 hours to finish Act I, enjoy the hacking and driving with music. 10/10"
,Recommended,243470,10253352,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,The Derpy Potato,Best of 2014
,Not Recommended,243470,26684098,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Merwolf93,"First off, don't buy ANYTHING Ubisucks related. This Co. should be reviewed. Half the time, I'm thinking their an illegal scam. The game itself is fine. I enjoyed the game play. Something different. However, bad rating due to the fact I can't play it any more. I'm forced to pick between breaking through 50 ft thick walls and 50 ft thick walls. No matter how you look at it, you can't play the game. These guys should be held responsible like cell phone manufactures. The game is basically ""locked"" and you can't play unless you login to their potato servers. Which, apparently never work (based off of MULTIPLE forums). So, if unless you want to suffer through headaches the way I did... I wouldn't risk throwing cash to a trash can from hell. Don't bother buy anthing from Ubivirus. Plenty of other games that you can play, with no chance of being told, ""Hey! Login through a server that doesn't work!"""
76561198210245507,Recommended,243470,23152294,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Señor Хуй,Good game
,Recommended,243470,10249653,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,DaggarN,Very fun game.
76561197968399012,Recommended,243470,10251185,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,FR4NCO,Dirty
76561198034093028,Not Recommended,243470,23472612,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Eggmont Brinkmann,meh
,Recommended,243470,10435063,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Rose,"-No Spoilers-59 hours huh. I really beat the heck out of this game. Excluding the stability issues this was a really great game I collected all the collectables, beat ever mission, did pretty much everything.Lets see where to start. Well let me first start off Saying i've loved every single Ubisoft game in the Assassins Creed Universe and Watch Dogs is not exception. My first impressions of this game did not start off well tho. I started the game lagging like hell in some of the most unstable gameplay i've played in awhile. There were work arounds but it wasn't fun for the first few hours.There's tons of stuff to do but surprisingly I wanted more. Too many fixer contracts compared to everything else if 90% of the fixer contracts were replaced with gang hideouts and CtOs control locations I would have probably have had a crap ton more fun.Another problem I had with the game was the end missions to some of these things. You don't go around hacking a bunch of people from a sex auction and get some crappy mission at the end wtf. Was the same for pretty much all them. Slave people end was a convoy mission, Weapon Crate end was a gang hideout, The freaking serial killer end was the most pathetic out of them all it was a freaking Random Crime takedown...wtf m8.Other than that was gud I r8 it 8/8 no but seriously 7/10. Make the game bigger next time thnx."
76561198118579358,Recommended,243470,23462494,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Tyrion_Lord_Imp,"I spent over 100 hours on the PS4 version, and I thorouly enjoyed most of these hours. The game indeed has many flaws and is definitely not the ""GTA killer"", but you have to understand that a FUN GAME doesn't always equal a GOOD GAME in terms of quality. The game suffers from many flaws, but they don't prevent me from having a blast thanks to the unique gameplay elements and the unique online modes that I can't find in any other game.So I don't regret buying it on the PS4, nor do I regret buying it again on Steam.So I would recommend anyone interested to watch gameplay videos (online and offline) AND also all the videos criticizing the flaws of the game: a great sarcastic one that illustrates all the major flaws can be found herehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=idA9BEA4HxsIf, judging from the gameplay videos, you think you will like this game despite the flaws above, buy it."
,Recommended,243470,23445111,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Pez,"Good game, poorly optimised. Kind've on the fence with this one on whether or not to recommend it."
,Not Recommended,243470,12575761,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,not_anakin,DISAPPOINTMENT!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,243470,23482794,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,zackDbest,worst game ever dont like i want really my money back
,Recommended,243470,12687383,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,H2o82,"Slight dissapointment as the hype was so big. still a fantastic game although i would brand it ""GTA with hacking mods"".the story is really good but the gameplay lacks a little, its still really worth the money but Ive seen better."
76561198083432369,Recommended,243470,12703364,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,weeniefone,Meh gets boring after 30 hours of gameplay
94580548948694896,Recommended,243470,12633344,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,ChandlerX360,"I can't believe that so many people are rating this down. This is one of the best games ever made!Story: You play as Aiden pearce. A brillant hacker who manages to hack into the entire city and take control of everything. The ctOS: Central Technologies Operating system is what the entire city runs on. You can unlock access to the entire city of chicago and beyond by unlocking ctOS district by district. When Aiden hacks into a hotel and attemps to steal thousands of dollars, someone else is monitering him and attemps to take him down, But kills his neice instead. Now Aiden must track down who killed his niece and extract revenge.Gameplay: Graphics are amazing! Would rate 9/10. For some reason Ubisoft downgraded them, which was a bogus move.Story: Great! Makes you never want to stop playing! Would rate 10/10Hacking Concept: Amazing! Very cool and realilistic. Would rate 10/10All in all, get this game! you won't regret it!"
,Recommended,243470,12757305,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Lord Of The Frogs,Great game
,Recommended,243470,10249851,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Chris,Just keeps ♥♥♥♥ing crashing
,Not Recommended,243470,22268174,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Bereeco Scasthe,ubisoft
,Recommended,243470,23486625,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Fezzz,"Very late review, I got this game when it first released. Anyways, I wanted to write a review now because I loved this game so much and I was so happy to see Watch Dogs 2 on the steam store, this is amazing news!People judge Ubisoft and this game but really, Ubisoft is a great company that makes great games, and this is a great game!"
76561198013310074,Recommended,243470,23469807,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Smiling Fox,"While the story was a bit crap, the gameplay is quite fun and enjoyable. Get on sale."
,Recommended,243470,10246226,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,SNEAkY,"Played up to Act 2 so far game seems to have a good story line, however I'm running the game on NVIDIA's recommended setting for my GPU however the game seems to freeze up a lot for a few seconds, I heard that there was a day 1 patch coming out to fix this issue but apart from that I recommend this game.TO SUM IT UP: GREAT GAME, BAD MULTIPLAYER, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ PORT JUST LIKE AC4UPDATE: Stuttering seems to have gone after some tweaking in the settings. Changed textures to high, AA to SMAA and level detail to ultra. Game isn't running as smooth as I would like with my set up but 30fps is playable.My specs: i7-2600K and GTX 580UPDATE: I have another system with i7-3770K and GTX 680 which also has the same stuttering problem but obviously it runs the game smoother than the 580. People telling me to upgrade I'm not going to until Q4 '14 when new GPUs are released."
76561197985867337,Not Recommended,243470,14859362,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Moneyshot,Very hard to play with all the bugs on the pc version. I bought this when it came out on and gave up playing with all its problems still in the game.
76561198028513363,Not Recommended,243470,12589215,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Mr X,Quite boring and very repetitive
76561198091001759,Not Recommended,243470,12452869,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) Shrek,DONT GET THE ♥♥♥♥ING GAME IT IS♥♥♥♥♥♥BECAUSE YOU HAVE TO KEEP INSTALLING THINGS AND WHEN I WAS DONE IT STILL SAID TO DO IT DONT BUY THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GAME
,Not Recommended,243470,23762160,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,SlammingAtom,"For some reason, Ubisoft has deided to infect all their games with what is known in gamer circles as ""Game AIDS"" or ""uplay.""Stop. Just stop."
,Not Recommended,243470,31423074,Posted: 28 April,all,Farb,"This game, it's just awful."
76561198041783636,Not Recommended,243470,23746948,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Armoured Duck,"Poor performance, poor controls. Main quest mission where you check online contracts bugs out and get stuck in some weird map.Avoid, another cheap console game poorly brought to PC by amatuers."
76561198145427589,Not Recommended,243470,19348260,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,MCNIGGIS,it sucks big♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,243470,23462424,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Instant Ramen,Do you like good games? Yeah? Don't get this then.
76561198119590825,Not Recommended,243470,13050326,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Nordic Soda,terrible.it lags so much and the words dont go with what their saying.steam you better give me my money back!
,Recommended,243470,25689073,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Ninjacrab,like pacman with hacking and guns
,Not Recommended,243470,19379971,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Dickens,Nah. Wasted $60.
,Recommended,243470,10313044,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,★ Super Boost ★,Played the game when it first came out had 0 crashs and 0 problems and Im running it on max settings  so to the people who are having problems running the game go ♥♥♥♥ your self :) 10/10
,Not Recommended,243470,19249778,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Angio,GTA > Watch_Dog
,Recommended,243470,20750127,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Mrr ♡,...
76561198038930002,Not Recommended,243470,22817587,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Armstrong,"yeah, well. just uninstalled it: a bad vote it is. If steam would give me 2 thumbs to point downwards (of more, thinking of it) I would point a lot more of them down than just one.Why?nice game, but for the high-end grafics and the (so far solid) story they sacrificed tons of usability. for me, the trade-off sucks big-time:- no save-games- taking cover is buggy as hell- ended up playing the same boring mission 4x cause right after hacking I was killed by a (newly spawned) guard and respawned 1,5km off the mansion that I had previously cleared out... just think Assassins Creed here, and you've got around 50% of my complaints covered.paying what I did, I expect some basic features that the game doesnt have. As this is not the first time I have this specific problem with Ubisoft-games, this is probably the last one I bought off them."
,Not Recommended,243470,12696597,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Shift,"Actually having your bank account hacked is more fun than this game, and you'll likely get your money back in the end."
,Recommended,243470,29231459,Posted: 13 January,all,LoRDd3V1L,nice game
76561198215993115,Not Recommended,243470,28648498,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,mark ✌,I have game crush every 10 min
,Recommended,243470,25737280,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,N00BRusheR,Best game I'veever played !
,Not Recommended,243470,29238875,Posted: 13 January,all,EvilCensor,"Quite honestly there is little to like about this game - but above and beyond the very wost of it would be the driving mechanics - they are truly dreadful, it seems to be trying to emulate GTA - but without the programming ability.  Bought it whilst on sale.. but would have regretted spending $1 on it."
,Not Recommended,243470,20123035,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Devious Toast,"The story was almost worth caring about until I realized that the protagonist, Aiden, really was a pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥that really was responsible for the nasty things that happened to his family.  I couldn't bring myself to care about the protagonist after that, and so then I couldn't bring myself to care about playing the game.  The gameplay was pretty meh."
76561198035380665,Recommended,243470,34751271,Posted: 5 September,all,аутизм,░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█████████░░███████░░░░░░░░░░███▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒███░░█▒▒▒▒▒▒█░░░░░░░███▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒███░░░█▒▒▒▒▒▒█░░░░██▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒██░░░░█▒▒▒▒▒█░░░██▒▒▒▒▒██▒▒▒▒▒▒██▒▒▒▒▒███░░░░░█▒▒▒█░░░█▒▒▒▒▒▒████▒▒▒▒████▒▒▒▒▒▒██░░░█████████████▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒██░░░█▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒██░██▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█▒▒▒██▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒██▒▒▒▒████▒▒▒███████████▒▒▒▒▒██▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒██▒▒▒▒▒███▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█▒▒▒▒▒▒████████▒▒▒▒▒▒▒████▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒██░█▒▒▒███████████▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒██░██▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒████▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█░░████████████░░░█████████████████
,Recommended,243470,21636019,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Rico2,9.9/10Astutely Favourable
,Not Recommended,243470,17278565,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,[HN] Meesja,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing trash. 10/10 would stand on a car going 1000 miles per hour again.
76561198010420860,Not Recommended,243470,17882780,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,mrraybaker,"One word: MehMore words: It's like when you see trailer for a movie... it looks great... you go watch it and realise the trailer had all the best one liners, stunts and scenes.Yes watch_dogs has cool bits... escaping cops by perfectly timing a hack to raise barriers/bridges or blow a pipe is really fun. But the game just doesn't hold you. The story is ok, but nothing that makes you want to keep playing mission after mission, but the biggest let down is the ""open world""... it's open, but honestly the game may as well be on rails... there are some very basic repetative side missions that give you a bit of money, but not enough to make them a must, which is good because they are litterally 1 liners done in 5 mins, max! You can earn all the cash you need wandering round hacking peoples phones! There is literally no reason I've found to do anything other than the missions. So you just follow the rails around, ignoring everything else as its just pointless.It's not a bad game... I got it for a tenner... but it wasn't even worth that IMO. If you want a cheap open world I'd reccomend Sleeping Dogs. Far superior and a great game sadly overlooked."
76561198074721767,Recommended,243470,19374363,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,quakeman,Tons of fun :) nice dark back alleys
76561198091423863,Recommended,243470,19373298,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,mr.gaming,people will say its a bad game but its not its one of the best games i ever played all you need to do is have friend to play with
,Recommended,243470,10626879,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Reptar,"Ubisoft lied to me but, Its a ok game"
76561198016276776,Recommended,243470,10774624,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,#Picks#WeeWooWeeWooWeeWooWeeWoo,"Yeah I guess I'll recommend this game. It's a typical over-hyped Grand Theft Auto spin off and something called theWorse E3 Mod is ABSOLUTELY NECESSARY if you want those E3 2012 visuals, but the guns are pretty cool and under-used, the modded graphics are stunning and the gameplay itself is as fun or more fun than GTA."
76561198099396701,Recommended,243470,23466645,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Nice'N'Toasty,"Opinion:     I believe that Watch Dogs is a very good game, and also has way more potential for many aspecs of the game.Pros:           You wanna be a notorious hacker and defend your family while being gunblasing or sneaking as you can be. (not a 100% made to be a sneak game, {mostly because of the story}).The story for the game is very intuative and definitely an easy to follow (it will be hard to forget what is hapening.)Cons:          None really except it wont look as good as some games that are out now obviously.Side Note:  As a side note check out the official reveal of Watch Dogs 2 if you want too, (just for fun or because you want to see if the 2nd Game has more potential and gameplay.If you do check it out then watch the video that is about 22 min. if i recall."
76561198037580731,Not Recommended,243470,24999243,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Wavebringer,No.
76561198058473669,Not Recommended,243470,25521927,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,BrownBread,Could have been better.  Lackluster.
76561198113746271,Not Recommended,243470,13101995,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,GANDOLFtheGAY,this game is a waste of your money... its worth $10 max
,Not Recommended,243470,18224523,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Condey,"Many glithes, this game sucks :/"
76561198305426749,Recommended,243470,23598977,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Dawnguard,good game
,Not Recommended,243470,23642558,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Ricky Baker,meh
,Not Recommended,243470,28287266,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Gûts,"A regular open world game.The ability to ""hack"" is a bit new, but rather over the top.This is more of a political ""brainsoiling"" campaign related to the dangers of the internet than a video-game.The characters are unrealistic and cliche.The unappreciated and misunderstood dark, brooding rebel that fights for justice and goes too far, but aims to remain politically correct and cares about your feelings."
76561198260028338,Not Recommended,243470,33477492,Posted: 12 July,all,Milranda Vereen,Gameplay is boring
,Not Recommended,243470,33473339,Posted: 12 July,all,bmac2021,Probably the worst game I've ever played. I wish refunds excisted for this game.
76561198049416693,Not Recommended,243470,10384036,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Microsoft Excel,It does not work on intel hd 4000
,Not Recommended,243470,14892630,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Jacobite Mike,"Really bad, I tried playing, it didn't work, it took me about 31 minutes to realize this was crap."
76561198068726995,Not Recommended,243470,16981496,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,You Knew Gnu?,This is essentially a really bad assasins creed with a poorly done hacking system and an even worse story set in modern times. Personally i got bored right quick but if you think you will like it go for it.
76561198154660542,Recommended,243470,32695682,Posted: 23 June,all,Chaoscauser the King of fire,If you haven't played this then you just haven't played games
,Not Recommended,243470,29289838,Posted: 15 January,all,Special Agent Koopa,"I'd give this 7/10. I enjoyed the game. The main character is boring and unlikeable, so is the story. The game play is fun if you like games like GTA. The hacking is kinda fun. Play Watch Dogs  2 over this now that it's out! The sequel is a lot better."
76561198035627274,Not Recommended,243470,29049741,Posted: 5 January,all,JTube,Im not completing a mission just to play open-world
,Not Recommended,243470,14417737,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Snowkat,Huge disappointment.
76561198124942688,Recommended,243470,17294996,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,GlobalxLV,Love this game.
76561198123081107,Not Recommended,243470,20118754,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,UnicornPonies,"I had fun for about an hour by playing around on a save file that was already at the later stages of the game. Unfortunately, that was 4/5 of the way through the game and everything before that was too much work and grind for me to bother playing far enough to get to the fun parts"
,Recommended,243470,20170281,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,CuddzBear,Its nawt 2 bewd 8=3~
76561198060392814,Not Recommended,243470,20174136,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Doobz,♥♥♥♥ off uplay..
76561198097176804,Not Recommended,243470,24475951,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,akumazedex,"Just No. Sorry Ubi, focus on making playable assassins creed games instead."
76561198000706677,Recommended,243470,29128521,Posted: 8 January,all,Fuck The System,nice
76561198122270974,Not Recommended,243470,26168088,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Standard User,The story sucks as*. It's about an old man who accidentally called a hit on Lena Pearce to protect some corrupt old mayor you only get to see for three minutes.
,Recommended,243470,10280262,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,xomvOFI,Great game!Don't listen to Ubi comps and all these kids who thought that would be a real life simulator.
76561198149610356,Not Recommended,243470,14891217,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Wolfman4801,That game is aweful I tried to play and it made my screen blue I turned it off and tried to play a different game and now all my games freeze
,Recommended,243470,14885977,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,JakeFlit,"fun open world stealth game, worth the play through"
,Not Recommended,243470,28650408,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,0V3RKILL,biggest garbage Ive ever seen. this idiots ruined the game. compressed the living crap out it. Never again will I buy a watchdogs game ever again. The new one is out and I am not going to buy it. The world also feels like they tried to make it look big but its not.
76561198049808870,Not Recommended,243470,34490652,Posted: 25 August,all,Meow Zedong,"Can't get through the intro without falling asleep. The ""oh woe is me"" Aiden is a drag. The cars drive terrible and the hacking is boring. 2/10"
,Not Recommended,243470,15112464,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Quick-Shot-Sam,what a waste of money
,Recommended,243470,21679201,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Elsa,"Roses are red,Chicago's skies are bluePolice brutality is eyeing you."
,Recommended,243470,10253862,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,athryn,Uplay is a steamy pile of dung. Game is good tho
,Not Recommended,243470,20168275,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Kryten 2X4B 523P,Watch dogs has stopped working. Best game ever i get to see a unskippable intro and a load screen
,Recommended,243470,14591270,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Davar,actually really fun
,Not Recommended,243470,26844730,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Iam-Legend2000,ماانصح  فيها الاحد ابد و اشوف لكل ساحب عليها لانه تقطع بشكل رهيييب ولا اقدر العب فيه ابدالعبة غير قابلة العب
,Not Recommended,243470,23905659,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,IGottaManualyStealDemYeezys,The game's story is very short. The campain is really hard. Not a goood game. Multiplayer is fine.
,Recommended,243470,16675680,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Newcool.1230™ RestInPeaceReid,"Story was great. plus there was free romebut i though it was to easy because I hacked everyone without consquenceand got Quote ""Unlimted"" money.  And to buy IEDs and other stuffyou would need to go across the map to get it. even taking the train, its still to far awayalso stealing cars with the abilty you will not have -rep.Overall I think this game is very well develpedbut is to easy."
76561198133845992,Not Recommended,243470,22044932,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Blitzwing,"Feels like a bad copy of Saint row and GTA.Really bad weapon loadout , skills and moving animations. Story =boring.The "" main idea"" is just a random bad implemented stuff to distract you enemies."
,Not Recommended,243470,27654451,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Den4k Play,...WtF?
,Not Recommended,243470,11385746,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Scarmax,"The hands-down best part of Watch Dogs is the artwork and city design.  I've never seen such detail in my 3 decades of PC gaming and I enjoy just walking around and taking in the scenery.  The wet shaders during rain storms and the atmosphere down in the Wards at night almost evokes a sense of melencholy and perhaps even despair.  The lighting engine is like non other (except the Metro 2033 games) and I've had several people look at screenshots and they thought they were photos until I told them it was a game!  Without a doubt, the real talent behind this game are the artists.  The cut scenes are great and the acting is top-notch, which is par for the course with Ubisoft games.I NEVER had any technical issues running this game, even with all details turned on except for the ""ultra"" textures, which didn't make any noticeable difference in quality when it was turned on anyway.  The driving model sucks a$$, but it IS learnable, and once I had it mastered, the car chases were fun and intense.  Even more so than GTA.  However, that fun went only to a certain degree, because once your ""heat level"" with the cops went above 3, they attacked with a ridiculous level of absurdity that is not even remotely realistic except perhaps in the mind of a sadist with an IQ of 80 or less.  The worst part of that is the sniper from the helicopter, which locks on to you with perfect stability and NEVER misses.... ever.  That is just plain stupid, and whomever it was at Ubisoft who decided that was a good idea... I pray for your violent death.  F**k you.For that reason, and also just because I can, I give this game a thumbs down."
,Recommended,243470,15061259,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Underi #ripknife,"Using minimum requirement FPS is: -- Game does not start/crasehs/bugs out/says ""♥♥♥♥ you"" and crashesUsing recommended requirements FPS is: 15-30 / Look aboveClearly console game. On PC, even you got beast PC, this game does not work/has horrible FPS. On consoles, Ubisoft still ♥♥♥♥ed it up, good job ubisoft, this really is the next gen. To run this game you need hardware from year 3480 if we still even live. And we clearly don't. But I even got this game working with 4 years old pc so your pc sucks haha, but now my pc sucks haha what a fun thing okay I rate this up cause its ubisoft and ubisoft and uplay rules, EA can go on taking peoples money, now ubisoft started it, Activision went too futuristic already so gaming is DYING! Go to work people, have a family, die happy."
,Not Recommended,243470,14650637,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,CazAndrogyny,"This is just bad writing. In what twilight-zone world can you get your sister's child murdered over your stupidity, and then be begged to come over for dinner?Yet another massive ubisoft ♥♥♥♥-story."
,Not Recommended,243470,17194100,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,booney,the eye can't see above 5fps anyway
,Recommended,243470,12654096,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,MadMax32,Side missions are better than actual story missions....
,Recommended,243470,10248326,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,MCPO. Zachary K. Mueller,I cant play because of this Dang Uplay bs...
,Recommended,243470,10248257,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Reckless,Everything I Hoped for and more! BUY THIS GAME 9/10
,Recommended,243470,12516004,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,JackFred,"Chased by cops, parked in front of them, and lost them.10/10"
76561198005187268,Recommended,243470,23199689,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Sparrow,"The basis for so many of the bad reviews is that Watch Dogs is not GTA. That's a ridiculous reason to trash the game. If you want to play GTA, buy GTA.Watch Dogs was a lot of fun to play. The hacking mechanics set it above and apart from other games of this type. My only negative is that if you stop and think about the protagonist too much, you realize that he's really an unlikeable loser.This price point ($30), while not a bargain, is a fair value for the amount of enjoyment you'll get out of the game."
76561197961262205,Recommended,243470,12688303,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,BrokenArrow,"Maybe it was my really low expectations going into this after the so-so reviews, but I've been pleasantly surprised. It's a solid open world game with a decent story and enjoyable side activities. The visuals aren't great, but the combat, driving and hacking are all good-to-great depending on the situation. The main character is bland but the supporting cast is quite good and the world is decently fleshed out. Definitely worthy of a Steam Sale purchase for anyone who doesn't have it."
,Recommended,243470,10249985,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,NeoDrive,12/10 Legit best game I have ever played
,Recommended,243470,12447737,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Peter,"My experiance with Watch Dogs is a double edged sword, it gets many things wrong, the ending (no spoilers) is not amazing, not aweful, but its obviously set up to promote the possiblitity of future WD titles, the game as a whole feels like that, defining the future of a series, not to be the best it possibly can with the best story as a single game,  But its not all ubisoft doom and gloom, there are lots of redeeming features (just look at my play time) There is a plentiful splattering of diversions and side missions, I even played a full game of chess once (i won obviously) the strange 'digital trips' were suprisingly boring for me though so ive hardly played them at all and they didnt seem to fit in either it was like they had been artificially shoehorned in to make the world slightly less monotone. Speaking of monotone there is of couse one inexcusable flaw with Watch Dogs, Aiden Pearce, the hacker/superhero/freerunner who at the same time manages to be the most boring man alive. His gravelly voice and sociopathic (i hope i spelt that right) lack of emotion help him to do otherwise thrilling things in an unremarkably uninteresting way, He develops as a character, i suppose, he has emotion but its not deep, its just anger at people who hurt his family ( i wont talk about the  stock plot as i couldnt really without spoiling, im not saying the plots not fun, i was for me, but its quite unimaginative ) .By now you're probably wondering ""why is he recommending this game if the protaganist is as boring as a middle class west- london brick with a steady job as part of  a bank"" or something like that anyway. Well, I found many parts of it bad. But watch dogs is fun, and pretty (i used theworse mod) and to me, the world feels very carefully designed. The Driving may not feel realistic when you slice straight  through what you thought was a strong metal reiling but now appears to have been made of papier mache without loosing any speed of your ridiculously fast generic family car or even being that damaged may look unrealistic but when you're being chased by an armada of police cars and a helicopter who is sniping you every few seconds with deadly accuracy you feel quite thankful. The police chases are FUN. they're grrrrreat as tony the tiger would say. its also quite satisfying to be driving at breakneck speeds into oncoming traffic through the beautiful world of Watch Dogs, and slalom round the ( obviously ) completely indestructable trees on the pavement ( or sidewalk.. ) there arent that many different cars but they are good and unique. However there are only 3 different types of sailable boat in the game, a speedboat, a water taxi misnamed ""rapidcab"" (yes I know thats the fictional taxi company in watch dogs and thats just the company name on the side.. but still)  and what appears to be an older speedboat or a fishing boat. There are no police boats, therefore if you hack the helicopter and get in a boat, you can therefore instantly escape the police. So i spent ~ 100 hours escaping the police in chicago. I did also finish the (quite long in my opinion) story which abruptly and confusingly ended as soon as it really started to pick up, though ive already talked about mr Pearce's moronicly yawnful boringness I havent talked about the comparitively colourful Tbone and Clara Lille etc, and i won't, I have to withhold something in order to at least convice you to buy it.Now gameplay and gunplay and uplay. though you now have this cool extra weapon called ""q"" which explodes steampipes changes traffic hacks bank accounts and generally wreaks extra havok, you are basically just the generic open world third person shooter.. person. it uses hacking as a story theme well but not really as a gameplay one. Now dont get me wrong i dont know how id improve it, its good that its there but it hasnt made the gamplay 'unique'. Then theres the cover, which has got me killed by the (thankfully) high damage weapons in the game multiple times, switching to the wrong cover, hacking the wrong thing, general annoyance etc etc etc. Then theres uplay, it works fine for meive heard a lot of people have problems with it though so I cant really comment on ubisofts drm.So, Graphics.Maybe i fail to see whats wrong with ubplay itself but ubisoft using such manipulative tactics with this makes me quite annoyed, they're screenshots make me laugh. Watch dogs has ok graphics, nice textures, solid ambient occlusion and good draw distanc etc. but not like they showed us, fortunately some of those effects have been replaced and or remade by various different mods and sweetfx settings  (just search google), the most well known and the one I have used is theworse mod, im not reviewing that though im reviewing watch dogs so the graphics is , well , not crysis. However you will notice its not the most lovingly pc optimised of games so the framerate would lead you to think that actually it was crysis. It also has a memory leak problem (meaning that after about an hour or so it starts to stutter because it cant delete things of the ram well enough(I think)) this can be fixed by quitting every hour when the lag starts or by using 'medium' textures (which are actually the lowest setting)Too long; did not read:-fun-good(ish) graphics-cunning marketing (ubisoft are quite like blume really)-boring main character-good side characters-story is long, ends too quickly, slow to pick up and generic-not sure if i mentioned this but the car music isnt great, but does create the right atmosphere.-nice world design-a bit buggyI played watch dogs on a mITX sytem with :i5-4440 3.10ghzR9 270x sapphire 2048mb8gb 1333mhz RAMWD green 1tb mechanical hard driveWindows 7on medium ~ highish settings at ~ 30- 45 settings ( cant be bothered to benchmark but it was perfectly playable )This is my first review and I know its disorganised and chaotic. Thankyou for reading."
76561198233543324,Recommended,243470,23338627,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,ruannunes90,"I got WD and GTAV and I like both, but for me somehow WD` story is better than GTA, I guess it has to do with its depth, it held me for a long time.True it has some issues just like ANY other game(GTA is no exception) like limitation on its number and types of veicules available (No planes or choppers), cars feel heavier to drive if you came straight from GTAV(it might take you some time to get used to it), minor physics issues and the ghost-town feeling after you beat the main campaign and all side missions(dont get your pants in a banch over it cause it`ll take you a long time till you get there), and that noise people made about Ubisoft not delivering their 'showcased' graphic quality which isnt a biggy to me since it still looks great.Besides, game isnt only about eye candy is it?Other than that it`s great game and leave nothing to be desired. In fact it`s the only one that holds out against GTAV even kicking its♥♥♥♥♥in some aspects. Oh, btw online hacking is icing on the cake ;)Graphics 9 (Dont be fooled by the overhyped-graphic buzz. It still looks gorgeous)Sound 9Music 10Gameplay 8Multiplayer 9"
,Not Recommended,243470,23460629,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Capt. BabyBeard,Garbage Game that had potential.
,Not Recommended,243470,21691502,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,NonCreativeUser,"OverhypedWatch_Dogs is a bad game, the game that was showed by ubisoft in the E3 2012 was another one. When the gameplay came out, I thought that the game would revolutionize the open world style. Unfortunately, there was no revolution. The game came with a mid rated history mode, with some plot holes and not that entertaining. So I made a list of pros and cons about the game, and you will decide if you want to buy this game and if it's really worth it.ProsConsMid rated graphics (but you need a high performance PC);Mid rated history;The hacking mode isn't challenging, it's too simple;The side missions aren't fun... at all;Characters with very poor backstory;After that pros and cons, you can see that the game isn't worthing of buying it at all. With the e3 2012 trailer or not, it is a bad game.Did I mention the physics? No? Ok, because there isn't any"
,Recommended,243470,10249859,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,JarkPro,"You are true leet haxor.much dogeplenty watch""11/10 It's Okay"" IGN"
,Not Recommended,243470,23458183,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,2Good,oh ye. this game is♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,243470,23444652,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Goat,"Absolutely pathetic. Game would not load whatsoever. Spent hours troubleshooting. As soon as I pressed the icon to Play the game on my desktop, I was immediately met by a frozen screen followed by the message ""Watch_Dogs has stopped working"" .I have an i5-4690k OC'd to 4.5ghz and a 980ti. This should not be happening. Pathetic ♥♥♥♥ing game."
76561198010279773,Recommended,243470,10248857,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Brettski,"Its Like GTA, Batman, Deus Ex, and like need for speed underground all mashed into one, and if it wasnt a lagfest that was choppy as hell and chalk full of glitches it would be a pretty awesome . My rig is well above minimum, almost to recomended/ultra requirements and it runs terrible. Audio / Subtitles / Movie character mouthing is massively out of sync. Best yet game isnt registering me as having ""Left "" a mission area, and you can only save when you arent on a mission ... EPIC FAIL. Im really quite sure after a year of more testing and patching this will be a great game, but its another one of those should have had open beta done for 6mo- a year before charging 60$ for it. Oh and the mandatory Uplay software is ultra lame (its like a crappy standalone different steam that you HAVE TO  use ...on a game you bought from steam )"
,Recommended,243470,12433172,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,NGJkks2000,I like Watch dogs though wasn't as good as i hoped but i do enough playing free roam with your friends 7/10
,Recommended,243470,12501277,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Triscuit,"Running 'Watch Dogs' in all it's glory requires a BEEFY pc, but it's worth it. I've seriously enjoyed every minute. It has set the bar for next-gen openworld GTA style gameplay."
76561198086615516,Recommended,243470,10248691,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Michael,Next GEN game as expected! <3
,Recommended,243470,23469070,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Moist Porpoise,"What's with the hate? This game is fun! Plus, I got it for $20, so... PROFIT."
,Not Recommended,243470,23482300,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Neegs,No.
76561198010898418,Not Recommended,243470,26641402,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Otrova,"unlikeable characterscheesy plotbugspoorly balanced. tools feel completely insufficient, often leaving you to cheese and exploit the AI with game mechanicsrigid mission designunsatisfying conclusion"
,Not Recommended,243470,19399715,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Führer,u dont play
76561198091211466,Not Recommended,243470,30262987,Posted: 1 March,all,Dragonxan,The product key Steam sent me doesn't work with UPlay meaning I cannot even ♥♥♥♥ing play this♥♥♥♥♥♥ waste of money. I WANT A REFUND.
,Not Recommended,243470,24842756,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,[Royalz] Vex,"Clara died the end,I wish I never played and known this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game.I am sad and upset♥♥♥♥ you ."
,Not Recommended,243470,31613124,Posted: 7 May,all,"=The Gaming Engine= ""He's Dead""","HONESTLY the game was not that bad, over hyped but not to bad, but let me tell you how ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t it is that you have to make a goddam uplay account and even worse i'll be playing and some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ will join and ruin what im doing."
,Recommended,243470,19372894,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,tykk luft kickback.com,it is just glorius man
,Not Recommended,243470,26746837,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,mate3272,Nudnaa
76561198020837703,Recommended,243470,10248168,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Red Whip The Hated,Ok Re-Review. The game is pretty awesome you can blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up kill people or save people what you wanna do
,Recommended,243470,33207148,Posted: 3 July,all,Lilaviator,Very fun
76561197997003356,Not Recommended,243470,28920062,Posted: 1 January,all,Crippling Depression    ✪,"Don't bother purchasing this game, Watch Dogs 2 is so much more fun than this. I don't even want to play this because of how good the sequal is."
76561198091397898,Not Recommended,243470,22820650,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Charion,"horrible game, bad mechanics, and I get extremely bored easily.  AI in the game is incredibly unpredictable, especially if there's a capture target.the trailer made it seem so good, but this is hands down the worse game I have ever played.do NOT waste your money."
76561198277154270,Recommended,243470,28603873,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Hacker,this is a fun game! i got watch dogs 2 i will giveaway it when i have 200 subs!
,Not Recommended,243470,28524075,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Tallefjant,Blackscreen bug. When i start the game the screen goes black and i only hear the music in the background.
,Not Recommended,243470,29673381,Posted: 3 February,all,Carlos Danger,Luckily I found 2 tutorials on fixing UPlay issuesStep 1https://youtu.be/j69C2dr-wkcStep 2https://youtu.be/Ae4OW6nIUlgNow your copy of watchdogs will work properly
,Not Recommended,243470,13664210,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,vaiku,HAAAAAAA GAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAYYYYYYYYYY
76561198198847273,Recommended,243470,20100279,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Mikehoff890,i love this game so much fun you'll like it to
,Not Recommended,243470,17258527,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,nethead,WHY DID YOU KILL HER! WHYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
76561198090195018,Not Recommended,243470,21935883,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Johnny Meatballs,THIS GAME IS♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,243470,29254124,Posted: 14 January,all,✠⎛⎝KurumiChan♫♥⎠⎞,I love this game but the laptop handle this game but still <3 it :)
76561198076719788,Recommended,243470,14253087,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,tristonwalton99,".,mkjnhjvklujygf"
,Not Recommended,243470,23474607,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,st0k3r,Dzwiek nie dziala i nie naprawili tego chociaz wiedza o tym od 2014...
,Not Recommended,243470,30971804,Posted: 5 April,all,D. va from Tf2,dont pay full price for this its not worth it i payed 2 dollars for it
,Recommended,243470,13271699,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Cuckhead,"hello, i iz jst a 11 yeer old boy tryin to maek it big in da moosik gaem an it wood maek me happee if u guise chekd oiut mah mixtap.{LINK REMOVED}http://www.mediafire.com/listen/gw7vck15e11g6au/My+mixtape.mp3U guise da reelest ♥♥♥♥♥z i no. tank u al."
,Recommended,243470,11480817,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,eXtory,Driving.♥♥♥♥♥♥Uses uplay.♥♥♥♥♥♥Nice to get around in L train. I love it.You can beat invaders with stick. Badass.If you are a geek with a stick and mobile phone buy it.
76561198081421270,Recommended,243470,14317588,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,JonDaMon,http://youtu.be/KP-a8D4uu-oGO TO LINK
,Recommended,243470,17271729,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,VenatoS,THIS IS A GUT GAME. WORTH 10 POUNDSTHERE IS GUT GAMEPLAy AND GRAYT GRAPHUCS. I RECOMMEND!
,Not Recommended,243470,29301380,Posted: 16 January,all,Lil Peep,"This game was a dissappointment, please don't get. You should get Watch Dogs 2 instead"
,Not Recommended,243470,10335396,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Kermy,Watch dogs is terrible! This game has a♥♥♥♥♥♥police persuit system that makes it impossible to escape from the police!Even the first mission is practically impossible because of this stupid system! I wasted 60 euros on this game that is impossible to finish the first police persuit!
,Recommended,243470,10266322,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,KilrBe3,"Watch_Doggys is an amazing game of it's kind. A kind that that takes risk in new steps for Open World/Online play. The mixture of Assassin Creed, Splinter Cell & Far Cry aspects all blend prefectly with Watch_Dogs if you are a fan of said titles. The gameplay is exciting. You can hack your way in and chaos rain down, or take the Run-N-Gun appoarch. Mixing it up? YES PLEASE! Makes it exciting and fun. Along with a great story / characters, you really cannot complain.I find myself doing more side-missions then any other Ubi title. Why? Because they are fun! Spider-Tank is hands down best thing ever, and could be a standalone game for crying out loud! You get emerged into the city, Immersion is strong with this one.GFX are great on Ultra/High even on a GTX 570, with 8GB RAM & i5 2500k @ 4.4Ghz.Online? Wow. Amazing! I love Tailing people or 'Hacking'. Ubisoft has always been good on DLC and new fun content. I see many new modes added to Online for Watch_Dogs.Despite uPlay and launch day connection problems (Really peoplel, Learn already). It's still a great game, worthy of a playthrough by any one that has placed, AC, FC or SC.This game really sucks you in, and I love it. Suck me more please!Ruff RuffTo Da Moon!"
,Not Recommended,243470,19262103,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Gorrest Fump,this game eats♥♥♥♥
76561198016248583,Not Recommended,243470,14251262,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Sven,Bad port.
,Not Recommended,243470,33069143,Posted: 30 June,all,waas potato,im sad i got this game but it dident work its the same thing that heppend to me with gta iv
,Not Recommended,243470,24004930,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Easyy,no
76561198090684969,Not Recommended,243470,21689894,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,MrVidsforever,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t i can't login because my email was deactivated because i played it before
76561198018446753,Not Recommended,243470,17270341,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,RICAAA,i was bored with it. GTA4 bored!
,Not Recommended,243470,30973980,Posted: 5 April,all,█║▌│║▌║▌│█,"EHHH. Idk what to say. Not verry fun, not verry interesting. Just meh"
76561198007953115,Not Recommended,243470,32153928,Posted: 3 June,all,Jayz,"If you like GTA, then this is for you. but for me, i spent few hour only, but game not encourage me enough to continue."
76561198120473339,Not Recommended,243470,17290726,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,LeverOptiks,horible
76561197972050197,Not Recommended,243470,24898412,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,TittyTittyBangBang,"cant even log into the stupid game, i have to create an account with u play???? why cant i just PLAY THE GAME and it wont even recognize my account!!!!!! after making all these supid♥♥♥♥♥accounts i still cant even get into the game DO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUY"
,Not Recommended,243470,10280906,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Zurv,boring
76561198086232389,Not Recommended,243470,16370961,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Kodak Black,DIE UBISOFT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! GIVE ME MY 80$ BACK!!!!
,Recommended,243470,12399885,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Rubaration,Watch Dogs - 8/10+ Good storyline+ Good Combat+ Amazing graphics!+ Great Stealth+ Cool Characters- Side quests are all a bit the same- Game is poorly optimised for pc
,Recommended,243470,10301547,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Stupid&Depressed Idiot,"If you have to proper hardware to run the game, it's a good game overall, although they did a poor job of you having to launch throught UPlay causing proplems, and tons of hardware being incompatable. (Thankfully) I have the proper hardware, from what I heard AMD doesnt work(Not sure, though it doesnt work for my brother) and Nvidia works flawlessly from my experience. Ubi messed up bad, but with proper hardware it's good. :D"
76561198199647738,Not Recommended,243470,25324412,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Dark Sound,STEAM REMOVED THIS FROM MY LIBRARY AFTER I ACTIVATED IT ON UPLAY!!!
76561198088014643,Recommended,243470,14398313,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,/r/The_Donald,"The title is missleading. I haven't seen, or watched any dogs in this game... besides that I don't understand the hate that this game gets... 9/10"
,Recommended,243470,27003206,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ThePandaGamer,fun game
,Recommended,243470,10248191,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Czech this out!,It's like Skyrim with guns.
76561198119623095,Not Recommended,243470,23445478,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,MaximusHexHD,problem with this is made for you to download uplay dosent say it and i didnt get my activation key for the uplay so i can not play the game
,Recommended,243470,10248095,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Turonk,...maybe.
,Recommended,243470,12445403,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Longshot,"one of the most unike games ive ever playedthe story is clice but you wont mind it (if your like me) because its a very fun game. the open world is the best ive ever seen, and you will prob forget the main story alot to go and explore since the world is beutiful and funbut do note that their is a fk up with the pc port, uou can fix it though its indocuments\mygames\watch_dogs\XXXXXX\gamerprofile.x mlonce you found it do ""edit"" then ""ctrl + f"" and search: DeferredFxQuality=""console"" once you found it change it to DeferredFxQuality=""pc"" and the game will run smoothlyalso i reccomend using the worse mod with maldo textures as the game runs even better and prettier. to do so just download it from herehttp://www.guru3d.com/files-details/watch-dogs-theworse-mod-8-download.htmlall you need to do is open eula change it from ""false"" to ""True"" then take the ""patch.dat"" and the ""patch.fat"" and put them into your -D:\Steam\SteamApps\common\Watch_Dogs\data_win64it will ask you to overwrite just say yes on both of themoverall i trully reccomend this game since it is fun"
,Not Recommended,243470,23460732,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Maximus,gameplay so boring
,Recommended,243470,12387454,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,MadamPrezident,"Watch Dogs is a game that lets you experience stealth in a massive way like no other game I’ve played. While most games will let you silently take down a target in close proximity, and Watch Dogs does this too, not many allow you to stand outside of a building, hack security cameras to profile your target, and then laugh manically while you explode them with their own grenade and watch the rest of the enemies flip out because they can’t find you.The gameplay is fantastically fun and unique, allowing you to hack a large number of combat and stealth devices, giving you the choice to either sneak by, silently take down, or full-out assault a group of enemies, and the game doesn’t penalize you for your choices. You also have a number of thrilling hacks while driving, like exploding steam pipes to take down your pursuers or changing traffic lights to cause mass-accidents. It was very rewarding to unlock new things to hack and new combat skills as I progressed through the game. The story was average (albeit with great voice acting), and the earlier tutorialized missions were too drawn out like most Ubisoft games.For the most part I decided to stay focused on the main missions rather than most of the fun, but overwhelming, side content. The game itself is plenty long enough to enjoy without even touching the side content, although I recommend at least trying some out because a lot of them are quite fun, like missions where you must destroy a moving target before it reaches a destination by booby trapping the route or chasing the enemy down. There's a lot of something for everyone.If you're looking for an Open Word game where you can run around and cause mass chaos, you'd be better off with the Grand Theft Auto series or Just Cause 2. There are also some bad stuttering graphical issues that made me restart a checkpoint or two.P.S. People that complain about the cars -- some cars handle better than others per design (just like GTA), and you need to learn to use the hand break and have a subtle touch to the joystick. Then no issues. The motercycles are nice too.4/5TL;DR: FUN combat with your choice of stealth + action; intense car chases; average story; not a ton of sandbox elements in this open world"
76561198026153592,Not Recommended,243470,23412483,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Yrth,"I've heard this billed as 'open world' and a whole bunch of other things that don't apply.  Open world, first.  That was why I bought it.  Open world implies choice.  This thing is as linear as Rygar - an ancient 2D arcade shooter.  Yeah, sometimes you have to go left and down, but forward is always right and up.  No options.  Also, much Hand Of God in this thing.  If you vary from the One True Path that the devs have laid out for you, you fail.  Same as if you die.  So basically, it's a game of dying until you figure out what the devs wanted you to do.  Now normally, that's not such an issue.  There's usually a quick-restore to let you try again.  No such animal here.  This was done in C#, and apparently the devs are noobs, so they went with the default serializers - that save about 25 times as much information as they have to.  So load times are s...l....o...o...o...o....o....w...w...w..w.  Think loading from login in Warcraft slow.  Yeah, that slow - maybe slower.  Also, they pop up alerts every 30 seconds about alternate things to do.  Literally.  If this game is any indication, in the whole of Chicago, there are about 1,500 crimes in progress every second of every day.  I suppose they thought they were being cool.  But it's predictable as hell.  Stealth op?  No problem.  There'll be two waves of adds and car chase involved, probably police, yadda-yadda.  Figure about $150M in property damage and 50 dead by the time your 'stealth op' is done.  Lots of unskippable cut-scenes to make sure that things get a nice substantial lead on you, so that the car/foot chase will take a lot of time.  If I understand Grand Theft Auto right, this is basically a cheap rip-off of that.  Kill everything, drive like a maniac, murder cops and civilians alike, destroy half the town.  If you're old enough to be able to shave without carving your face into hamburger, this probably isn't your cup of tea.  If you're 14 years old, then yeah, this is probably just your kind of game.  A little cheap nudity, fast driving in things that look like cars but aren't anything like them, blow stuff up, kill a lot.  A 14-year-old wet dream."
,Recommended,243470,12431204,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Indeed,"Killing blind, deaf and stupid enemies with a silenced pistol."
,Recommended,243470,12417746,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Spelmyst,"I have enjoyed this game a lot.However, there are some things that I think should have been worked on more. Like ther vehicle physics, they don't feel natural. Also, the story line needs more branches and ability to choose the out comes. Clara being an ideal example of one such branch.Being able to choose to save Clara instead being forced to let her die"
,Recommended,243470,12715542,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Little Shibe,It is the best game. EVEREDIT:What was in my head? This game is like a 6/10..
,Recommended,243470,33212202,Posted: 3 July,all,CALLE,fun game
76561198044404567,Recommended,243470,12637370,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Fick Nuggers,"8/10The ingenuity in the design of the game with using hacking skills to conduct vigilante actions is incredible and fun. The skill tree is balanced but could be improved as the game could be strickly be played without using any hacking skills during some of the mission. Overall, the story is fun and intriguing. This is one of the few games that has been released in recent times to have caught my attention so well and for so long. The only downside of the game is that the mission becomes tedious as you progress through the game. The layout of the mission is different and that is the only thing. If the game featured more different style of mission instead of just using your hacking skills to infiltrate, eliminate all the enemy, and get out before reinforcement comes, this game would be 10/10.Still a great buy and a fun game"
,Not Recommended,243470,30497704,Posted: 13 March,all,Robospike,"Go buy Watch_Dogs 2. Don't buy this.Seriously. It's not worth it, man."
76561198004560817,Not Recommended,243470,25809212,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Volpe,"Compared to other sandbox games this feels very amaturish.  The driving is really bad, the story is boring.. I was just hoping it was going to be better."
76561198022606342,Not Recommended,243470,20051690,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,WANTZiN,░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀░▄Watch_Dogs▄▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
,Recommended,243470,12483630,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Drunk Cosmonaut,"first time through its hecktick face faced and easy to become fixxed to it, but try not to take a step back and think things through plan mythodically and be smart after you are playing a genius.Over all i love this game its everything anyone obsessed with technology could want, and its set in such a possible future; that it hits just close enough to home for my generation who is nearing their 20's and 30's in a future shapping up to be like this world. But most importantly its a game where you can take utter control and use it or loose it, and deppending on which you choose depends on how difficult you make things for yourself. After all, you have the keys to the city why not use them?"
,Recommended,243470,12431212,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Swine,"A slightly choppy, but still rather fun game.Watch_Dogs for PC had an abysmal release. The game turned out to have far worse looking graphics than what was hinted at it's E3 announcement, and the game was almost unplayable due to horrific framerate issues and stuttering. I'm a multiplatform gamer, so I also play lots of games on 360, some of which have bad framerates, so I'm used to a slightly inconsistant experience, but Watch_Dogs was just plain awful. I stopped playing it within the first 20 minutes of gameplay.However, the game has since been patched and while it doesn't run smoothly for me, it is certainly playable, rarely (if ever) dropping below 30fps. The graphics still aren't amazing, but for those who have amazing beasts of computers <unlike mine> can mod in some nicer textures and such.The gameplay is what I love about Watch_Dogs, it's as many people expected, fun and chaotic. I'm a sucker for open world games which give you a lot of freedom and stuff to do, and Watch_Dogs satisfies my itch for exactly that.The campaign has a fairly average story, however the missions that the story requires you to do are good fun. There's enough variety with each mission to keep me interested and pretty much each mission gives you multiple ways to approach and complete your objective.Good game, good fun but a bit of a bumpy ride overall."
76561198073243901,Recommended,243470,12562862,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,petersono15,Great game worth buying.
76561198027189265,Recommended,243470,12422065,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Stanley,"Graphics are amazing, even if they don't match the E3 (who cares)The gameplay is very solid abd FUN, both driving and combat.While side missions are boring and repetitive, the game is worth the full price if only for the main story, which I really enjoyed and followed with great anticipation.8/10If you don't buy it now, put it on a watchlist and get it on sale, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,243470,12495729,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Amone,DLC Bad blood better then the original game!
,Recommended,243470,29236138,Posted: 13 January,all,steeleybaws,Still better than Watch_Dogs 2 :P
,Not Recommended,243470,24336495,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Jinado,"It's a game I guess.Horribly optimized. Not what was teased, but some gameplay elements were fun, for 30 minutes."
,Recommended,243470,33165277,Posted: 2 July,all,Cruxys,I liked! Very good history!
,Recommended,243470,12508304,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,LoneWolfENTMT,"I cant put into words how great this game is! Finally theres a new IP and not the next Call of Battlefield! It's hacking mechanic is so cool and its multiplayer is a little lacking, but being able for iOS (i think Android too) to challange you in game at any moment is really cool. Dose this get annoying? No. I barely notice it! I really hope you try this game! 9/10"
76561198078620888,Recommended,243470,12314126,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Sans,I like this game it's a new dynamic view to games but at first a spent ages trying to get it to work.9/10 Good Game
76561198049542965,Recommended,243470,23447441,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,robert_mccuaig,"Does seem like a bad game, at least not for 15 dollars"
76561198152360372,Not Recommended,243470,29250263,Posted: 14 January,all,scotfusion,"I should have listened to the reviewers. I got a refund, but I give extra thumbs down for the inconvienence of installing and uninstalling the game. No optimization. Ubisoft games are mostly good, lotta hit and miss. This one is a miss. -6/10 (negative 6 of 10)"
,Not Recommended,243470,24169286,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Beemaster3000,"JUST DONT BUY ITEVEN ON SALE, EVEN IF YOU THINK IT WILL RUN OK OR YOU HAVE A GODKILLER TIER MACHINEJUST ♥♥♥♥ING DONT BUY ITIT WILL NOT RUN WELLprobably"
76561198013017009,Not Recommended,243470,26586657,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,bralore,"The game is mediocre at best, and boring and asine at worst. For a game nominally based on hacking and stealth, the game's stealth mechanices are terrible. The police move in your direction at all time if you haven't left their search zone. What really sealed the deal for me is in the prolouge mission, when you escape the stadium, and not a single police officer or even a bystand has seen you and had any ability to link you to any crime, yet the police, the moment they see you pull out their guns and try to arrest you. I was driving away slow, reasoning that if you give the police no reason to be suspicious, they won't be alerted to you. Instead, as I'm coming up on an intersection, the police car at the other end of the block spins around and rushes towards me, running over multiple pedestrian before it T-boned another car.The story takes frivolous detours, inexplicably suggesting that a man hunting for his wife's murderer would somehow be satisfied by stopping a purse snatcher.  In every moment that could have built character, instead we get a grizzled macho   whisper monologue about being a hero.  I makes impossible to a character seriously who casually kills a dozen gang members in the hallway of a stadium, and the next morning decides it's a good idea to wander the streets like some senile cape crusder who thinks that he's being a hero by flagrantly violating people's privacy so he might stop a single petty crime."
,Recommended,243470,17275938,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,GreenOutBoy,you can by this game and the seasoin pass on♥♥♥♥♥com for 7.00 dollars together or the base game for 1.35 go check it out
,Not Recommended,243470,31168678,Posted: 15 April,all,Mr. Cunt,very bad game!
,Not Recommended,243470,23978970,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Desmond,"The game is OK, but you have to launch it with Uplay, and that makes the whole game lag."
76561198000342758,Not Recommended,243470,17291659,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Ļeroy jenkins,...
76561198086155165,Not Recommended,243470,26760559,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,IMPATIENT GAMER,"FUN But WAY WAY OVER HYPED what a fail for this game, false advertisement HA"
,Not Recommended,243470,28475706,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,TheScottishNerd™,got this back when i had a 720 p mointer thinking it was the next gen♥♥♥♥♥♥ran at like 20 fps and i still though it was good but coming back to it now shows how poop it really was go play gta instead
76561198327628599,Recommended,243470,26591233,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Faze_Teeqo,best game ever
,Recommended,243470,26619027,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,✪ Dexter [CGC],♥♥♥♥ING BETS GAME
,Recommended,243470,11442704,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,FuckMyTightLittleTeenPussy,Wow.What a great game. Now if you want the game for AI and such only I would probably say get Grand Theft Auto 5. It has more models and the AI seems better to me.The story line on Watch_Dogs is amazing. It is one of the best I have played in a while. The use of your phone is perfect. It is very fluid unlike the GTA games. The movement has a rough start though. I would play with a controler if you can.8/10 games.
,Not Recommended,243470,31770909,Posted: 15 May,all,DeLuuk,Bad game. Bad story. Forcing you to do online competive things. Overall wouldn't buy it.
,Recommended,243470,12725918,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,MattAttack,it is very awesome. I just got it to stop lagging and it is a very fun game.
76561197969973578,Not Recommended,243470,14863521,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Rocket Man,Garbage
,Not Recommended,243470,26115325,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,DaKingInDaNorf,♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,243470,21924044,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,iiCryztkal,"I LOVE THIS GAME!! It's Appsoloute FUN. It's Worth the $30.00 Alright, Some Pro's n Cons Nnow >:)PROS:Great Graphics.Awesome Hacking Abilities.Awesome Storyline.and Most of All, BETTER THEN GTA 5!!CONS:There is no dogs xc"
,Not Recommended,243470,21010503,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Tasha,"My mom said i could buy The sims 3: Pets or this, so i bought Watch Dogs but there are no dogs in it."
,Not Recommended,243470,32327668,Posted: 10 June,all,Midnight,"Game will not run for me whatever I try, Steam refuses to give a refund which I find ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, Do not buy this game because if you do, Steam will not give you a refund for it whatsoever. You have been warned."
,Not Recommended,243470,23760312,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Cookie Hommie,wothless♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,243470,17270271,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Dank,This game runs poorly on my computer and it is just a poor clone of GTA V.
,Recommended,243470,29805214,Posted: 9 February,all,True Pc King,Good Game got repetitive after a while
,Recommended,243470,23757405,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Fiveros™,NICE GAME I LOVE HACKERS
76561197975141285,Not Recommended,243470,25265099,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Skabb,"An absolutely ridiculously premised game. Hey Aiden, you dont get to be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥because your thieving blackmailing ways got your niece killed instead of you. Thats when you put a bullet in your own brain, not someone elses....And while technology was progressing to the magical point where one button press on a cell phone can perform a hundred different functions, why didnt security progress at all?Everything about this game, every minute of gameplay, reminds me that I am playing a very cheezy game that is the only one taking itself seriously. What level of technology would allow you to hack a soda machine and make it spit out soda? Do plain 'ol soda machines in the future (that look like modern day soda machines) come equipped with bluetooth? WiFi? are the hooked up through a land line to the internet for some reason?No wonder nobody took this game seriously and it lost money."
,Not Recommended,243470,25089817,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Lapiz,no.
76561197969819787,Not Recommended,243470,17845029,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Amik,"This game has terrible memory leaks, and also have crash bugs. Also graphics arent really good and the game is poorly optimised. Only worth picking up if you can get it relatively cheap."
,Recommended,243470,23474353,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,dj912,It's alright.
76561198042307005,Not Recommended,243470,21968033,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Ben Dover,"Like the after effects of Crystal Meth, terrible."
76561198202907427,Recommended,243470,23403942,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,mozhegold,is it bad? no is it good? no but if you get it for 15$ download some mods and you have a gta 5ish game its not as bad as everyone says it is as long as you use some mods
,Recommended,243470,12416632,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,m4rgin4l,Meh.
76561198261672830,Recommended,243470,23247526,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Glitched Heart,This game's honestly the best one I've ever played. Open world with multiplayer hacking keeps me up to 3 in the morning most nights.
,Not Recommended,243470,34000757,Posted: 3 August,all,Starkiller,"My ""true next-gen experience""░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▄▄▄░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▓▓▓▀█░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▓▓▄██████▄░░░░░░░░░░▄█▄█▀░░▄░▄░█▀░░░░░░░░░▄▀░██▄░░▀░▀░▀▄░░░░░░░░░▀▄░░▀░▄█▄▄░░▄█░░░░░░░░░░░▀█▄▄░▀▀▀█▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀░░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐░░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░▀▀░░Ubisoft░░░░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░"
,Recommended,243470,12561347,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Kieko,"Great Game, Had to much hype from what I understood. But I enjoyed it, game was fun, the stealth gameplay was fun, and the graphics were decent. Only a few bugs from what I've played but alround I enjoyed it."
76561198048463356,Not Recommended,243470,25557473,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Snow Hawk,Epic Fail. Ubisoft is downgrade central. Have not made a decent game in a very long while.
,Recommended,243470,12706824,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Hunger Gamer [DK],"A very nice game. You can play the story and exclusive contracts for a long time, but the minigames and normal contracts will quickly get boring, as it's like playing the same thing over and over again.The car controls are kinda hard to master, but if you do master them, driving is awesome.Just like every other part of the game.The most annoying part is probably Uplay. It's so annoying to have a second launcher, and i have problems with everything from audio settings to achievements to redeeming DLC's.For exapmle it took me several days to figure out, that redeeming and installing DLC's on steam is not enough. You have to repeat that action on Uplay too.In general the whole game is a mix of strategy and FPS. You can choose to bust in and shoot everything that moves, or try the more silent approach to kill everybody by hacking stuff around them, that can either explode or move very fast (like a container suspended in mid-air). In some cases you can also complete the mission by simply sneeking around, (almost) without killing anybody!"
,Recommended,243470,23382000,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Agent_03,"Wonderfull Game, Absolutely Fabulous Game. The Game Is Located In Chicago, USA Which Everything Is connected Via Electronics (Won't Say More Cause It Might Spoil The Game). The Campaign Is Amazing And Has A Great Story Behind It And All The Side Missions Are Entertaining. The Graphics Are Also Fabulous And Amazing To Watch. The DLCs Are Good And The The Bad Blood DLCs Lets You Play As T-Bone (A Charecter In The Game) Which Too Has A Great Story. Really Enjoyed Playing This Game. Can't Wait For The Second Game To Be Released.  I Really Recommend Playing This Game! :)"
,Recommended,243470,12643694,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,The Paladin,amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198032313700,Not Recommended,243470,28157391,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,llama,what a ♥♥♥♥ing mistake
,Not Recommended,243470,16362984,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Supreme Supervisor,Sold a huntsman knife on csgo for this back in 2k14.10/10 would re-think life choices again.
,Recommended,243470,23460716,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Twinhold,"I can only play this game during the winter months, if I try to play it during the summer months my computer overheats.  But the plus is in the winter it heats my house."
,Not Recommended,243470,29912074,Posted: 13 February,all,외계인,Where do I begin?This game is so stupidly bad. You can't blow up buildings and skyscrapers don't fall. You can't fly jets and you can't drive tanks. There's no Commander Mode and no realism.WOW! You can control traffic lights and bridges by using your phone for like 1 second... SOOOOOOOO REALISTIC! And how does Aiden manage to hack the entire city just by using his phone? That's not realistic at all!The multiplayer sucks too. The game can't fit 64 players per server. WTF! What kind of game can't fit 64 players per server?This game's for kids. You guys want a REALISTIC video game? You guys want a MAN'S video game? You guys want to experience what REAL combat is like?Play Battlefield.Can't handle my opinion? Suck my D.
76561198083693686,Not Recommended,243470,28266872,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Travesty13,"Watch_Dogs, more like♥♥♥♥♥♥Dogs. 0/10"
76561198169559829,Recommended,243470,20103250,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Treyspoon2,"just lagging alot for my PC, But God will stop it from lagging"
76561198056634949,Recommended,243470,21959307,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,saxual,Holy ♥♥♥♥ is this game terrible. If I were you I wouldn't bother with actually playing this game instead you should shove broken shards of glass up your♥♥♥♥♥and jump into a tub full of tobasco.
76561198003396606,Not Recommended,243470,25711639,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Wanted ZandvicH ◕_◕,"3/10while the concept might be interresting, that's about the only thing good about this game.controles are out of controle and the difurculty of the side misions made me rage time and time again.In the end i said to my self, ""it's not worth it"""
76561197992970282,Not Recommended,243470,10262344,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Denny Crane,"Denny Crane is learning alot about these companies that make games. Frankly I am disgusted by the all. What is wrong with people that they can accept games like Watch_Dogs as unfinished and release it to us the public?Where the game is fun, Denny Crane cannot recomend a game that is unfinished after pretending it is."
76561198070832796,Not Recommended,243470,22745613,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,And_rew1020,"I dont recommend this game cause when I bought it, I was really exited to play. When it got finished downloading i clicked play and it was working until it said Watch Dogs has stopped working, and i had to keeping pressing play until it got on, it took me like 5 minutes of pushing play."
,Not Recommended,243470,19229281,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Mandarin Chili Slut,soooooooo crappy.
76561198133844910,Not Recommended,243470,28285108,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,ζ͜͡basketball23a.b.l≱,no good
,Not Recommended,243470,29258752,Posted: 14 January,all,Salad.,Pure crashes all buggy/glitches and♥♥♥♥♥♥ there is noway of getting out of your Online contracts
,Not Recommended,243470,30079621,Posted: 21 February,all,JunioR,Truly terrible game.
76561198197315028,Recommended,243470,23485165,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Blue matcha,มันดีงามมมมมม
76561198239003740,Recommended,243470,23484678,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,vL Toxikz,I think this game is worth the money and I have had fun with this game a lot
76561198070735090,Not Recommended,243470,10304131,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,JesseFresh,STAY AWAY! $60+ right down the toilet. It is unrecognizable as the same game in the pre-release videos. Ubisoft has sunk to a new low with this title. Nothing but disappointment across the board.
,Not Recommended,243470,25612187,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Mr. Tophat,I love playing games made in microsoft Powerpoint running at 10fps. who needs 60 fps anyway?
76561197972926578,Recommended,243470,10255534,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Pophorn,"Pretty much the same as GTA, Just Cause, Saints Rod, Sleeping Dogs.  No worse no better. With bad mouse handling, arcade car driving and dumb AI.  All that in Chicago."
,Not Recommended,243470,29255051,Posted: 14 January,all,swazking123,"This game is really really bad in terms of optimization. I was barely able to play the initial part of it due to horrible frame drops and stuttering. I have a 4GB GTX 960 card, which is a decent one and the game settings were set to low. But still it did not help a bit. Have applied for refund and will never ever buy this crap of a game and waste my money."
,Recommended,243470,29255114,Posted: 14 January,all,B≡nR_CS,better than i expeceted worth a buy
,Not Recommended,243470,23449943,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,speed weed,"I bought this game on Steam, not on♥♥♥♥♥♥♥uplay."
,Recommended,243470,10249933,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Gabenfoodle,"Its just meh. Nothing really standout. All be it that hacking is fun, it seems to scripted. Too many missions have you escaping the cops, and well, you cant shoot out their tires...Shooting isn't bad,either, but it isnt good. I simply felt a lack of precision with k+m.Then the graphics look damn fine, even on med. settings.Story is, like everything else here, just meh. Its an overdone revenge plot, nothing more,maybe something less.Port works with my specs-8gb ram,i3-3220, 760(2gb vram) and about 75gb of harddrive space(not that it matters). I run it on med. settings, with some studdering, but ya know...not too bad for a Ubi game.i'll give it a 7/10. May want to wait for some sales to drop it to $40, and some patches to fix the studder. I sadly say that it wasnt worth the extra 6 months of waiting.Lets just do a quick quick little update for all those on the fence about buying it on sale-Yes, its worth it. Its not a great game, but for $30, its hard to tell you not to get it. Its a workable port, and its fun for 30Hours, and thats all that matters,right?"
,Not Recommended,243470,28570131,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,[Tiki] Beastman,A game where you literally watch dogs for 10 hours would have a better story.
76561198055910125,Not Recommended,243470,23179938,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,BLADE TX,"I just finished this game. It was a nightmare from the technical point of view. Even with a 4000 euros super PC that I use to play  all games at 4k I had so many problems. This game is not only full of bugs, but in 2016 it's still very very VERY bad optimizied. That ruined my gaming experience.  That ruined the gameplay. But the gameplay is basically not good and there are many problems with controls. I think that there is a lot of potential for watch dogs 2 but I'm sure UBISOFT will ruin it as they did for rainbow six siege. I'm tired of ubisoft, I'll probably never buy again a game from them."
76561198072939531,Recommended,243470,12530623,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,...,"lots of people hate this game because it was not as good as it was made to be, but i really like this game and recomend it to people who like 3rd person open world games then you should try it out."
76561198152006793,Recommended,243470,23197847,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Apple,great game
,Recommended,243470,10253695,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Ben,"Amazingly fun game. Don't listen to the reviews, if you have a bad PC you won't be able to run it, but that's to be expected."
76561198036631208,Recommended,243470,12332672,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,KingInTheNorth,i think that alot of the hate surrounding this game is unfounded and i love this game
,Recommended,243470,12699508,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,HappyTrail,I <3 THIS GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,243470,23183142,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,GenEX,"This game is NOT working, always shown up with ""program stoped working"". This game really expensive...... and i got nothing......"
76561198119485145,Not Recommended,243470,25829496,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,cademonster7,Set up is a pain in the ***.
76561198081224114,Not Recommended,243470,23454261,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,alemismun,Perfect game if you want your ears to bleed!100% precommend it!
76561198200413077,Recommended,243470,23476004,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,ghostdeystroyer,best hacking game ever
,Not Recommended,243470,28291932,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,^Pirate ^Sam,3/10
,Not Recommended,243470,23454310,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Rambo,Garbage
,Not Recommended,243470,29234830,Posted: 13 January,all,│LRF│ stallingblock2,"Played it for a while, to get the full extent of the game;-campaign is generic-car physics... it is almost impossible to flip a car and you can't rotate motorcycles (sounds ridiculous but it's annoying)-graphics downgrade from trailers-repeat civilians aren't common but definitely are once you've played the game for more than 30 hours-hacked money with cheat engine and got 2 billion and bought everything right away-multiplayer is brokenrewrote because kids don't understand why I had 126 hours"
76561198030887751,Recommended,243470,16383813,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Agresivo,Masterpiece. Even better than GTA V
,Not Recommended,243470,23159058,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Callahan,"Ubisoft the kings of backstabbing-money-pushers! They betray you all, they are called Ubisoft-Uplays"
,Not Recommended,243470,22030207,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,ethan3lp,"Watch Underscore Dogs is not at all an entertaining game. It also had a fuqing trash story and horrible characters. Therefore don't buy this game. Anyways I was just fuqing playing some sh*tty fuqing poker in this game and I never used the cameras because who cares. The hacking sucks and minigames were boring... BUTT FUQ IT, I kept playing, and to my sursprise, the combat was as terrible as the driving, and the game gave pretty terrible blowgobs. Anyway, I was walking down my local Walmart and got some eggs, then pulled out a tommygun started shoooooooting... DEAD THEY ARE. So basically this game gives me -7/999 and only fuels my sexual frustration.Stay tuned for more evading trademarks and getting blowgobs from my video game collection.This game actually fuqing sucks though, just but GTAVAlso no parkour soooooooooooooooooooooioioajjfcvbsdaihyvgbchsbe-The Government"
,Not Recommended,243470,28737674,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Skyfall_25,As bad as WD2. Boycott this franchise.
,Not Recommended,243470,21956952,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,FallenDeity,Steven Hawking runs faster than this game.
76561198041550441,Recommended,243470,12498711,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,KillaKitti,"Its not a bad game. The story is what I liked most, and also stealing money from people is so fun. 9/10"
,Recommended,243470,28881660,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Rommel The MLG Desert Fox,Refunded it 40 minutes after it finished downloadingDefinitely reccomend
76561197963811111,Not Recommended,243470,28538249,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Mawking,"Single player game is good, but I enjoy multiplayer games.  The multiplayer is terrible, 0 control for cheaters, so many glitches and ways to glitch.  Only get this for the single player experience."
76561198209545265,Recommended,243470,23456537,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,vladozinha,lots of bugs can you fix this?overall its a good game.
,Not Recommended,243470,35258309,Posted: 28 September,all,JoFknLines,Bad
76561197984712947,Not Recommended,243470,34384068,Posted: 20 August,all,Jaque,"The graphics are bad, the game mechanics are messed up and extremely frustrating. It's hard sometimes for the worst reasons. You die not because you screwed up, but because the game snaps you out of cover for no reason or police cars defy physics and turn on a dime, and you spend 30 minutes fleeing them. Ubisoft's games are just bad nowadays."
,Recommended,243470,12590857,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Yarr 🐲,yez gut dis wash-hoge is guad gam
,Not Recommended,243470,10248144,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,WereTiger,"Unplayable.  I've generally loved past Ubisoft titles, even with their occasional half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥implementations.  This game is horribly unplayable though.  The performance on SLI 780's at 1920x1080 (tried 5760x1080 and it was miserable) is inexcusably bad. frame-rate is inconsistent and cars pop in and out of existence, sometimes right in front of you.I'm VERY dissapointed that there wasn't better QA on this game.  I'm expecting some patches VERY soon."
,Recommended,243470,10254877,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,[CW] sonuyos - CLAN WANHEDA,"Graphic - 10/10Gameplay - 10/10Story - 10/10Pros:Game is fun to go and time flies while playingMind Blowing Graphics.Hugh Game - 11hours and still only completed 1ACT & 2ChpCons:Cannot JumpCannot ride bike on incoming car to make it jumpA bit unoptimized, but workable.No Dogs -_-OverviewTOTALLY Awesome game, just get it, probably one of the best open world on 2014. Amazing graphics, Amazing Story, Amazing Stunts, Amazing Hack, Amazing GAME!!!!"
,Recommended,243470,23448916,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,I wanted Chocolate Ice-Cream,"Great game!However, it does not run well on 3 monitors [GTX 780Ti]"
76561198302918228,Recommended,243470,23444933,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,ESKETIT,Great  game i just refudned it tho cuz i it was on sale and the bought it again :D
76561198078454454,Recommended,243470,22987628,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,OGC | Zelimar,Well... 70 hours of my life ♥♥♥♥ing well spent...
76561198111252918,Not Recommended,243470,33253454,Posted: 4 July,all,A Person.,Didn't really like it.6/10
76561198154713398,Recommended,243470,23446578,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Cybertech345,Good action game . I liked the graphic detail and missions.Similiar to Dark game.
76561198019936257,Not Recommended,243470,25889854,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,omerkeidar95,NO.
,Recommended,243470,11312938,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Upsilon,"(If you downvote this, can you at least give me a reason?) After years of delays and promises of graphics plus the quote ""a TRUE next gen game"", WD finally landed in the hands of eager gamers who couldn't help but be swepped away into the hype. However, once again, Ubi has displayed their hatred for their customers by playing a little bait-and-switch with E3 demos, poor optimization, and UdontPlay still being live, leaving the game to receive a lukewarm reception.From what we heard, Ubi would lead us to believe that we would play GOD with the fictional iteration of Chicago. In the plot, Chicago adopts a massive computer system that is linked into EVERYTHING and watches the oblivious citizens in their everyday life called c.t.O.S. You play Aiden Pierce; a brilliant computer specialist armed mostly with his iPhone. Since it's all on one, big computer, it only needs one hacker to take over the city.Disappointingly, the game follows the brown-haired, raspy voice, white male who says ""they killed my family now ima kill all them pew pew explosions boobies"", vigilante trope (which by now is a given in open world games). In an attempt to scare him away, the mafia accidentilly kill his niece Lena (at least it wasn't his wife this time). Now the player has their excuse to follow the waypoint and slaughter anything in their path on their way to vengence, so the story takes a backseat until the credits roll.What doesn't help is the characters are as generic as it gets. Raspy voice guy in a mask, totally-not-girl-with-dragon-tatoo (who was horribly voiced), bad guy who only appears as a voice going ""AHAHA IM BETTER THAN YOU AHAHA YOU CANT BEAT ME AHAHA I CONTROL THE WORLD AHAHAH YOUR NIECE IS DEAD AHAHA"", stereo-typical black people as seen on MTV, and all the females (save for one) exist ""cuz boobs"". I call this ""checklist writing""; we tack on a little of all the things that sell the best and are politically the safest. The 2 who will win over the crowds tragically see the least screen time (Jordi and Tyrone ""Bed Bug""). As commendable as the acting is, it can't carry the lazy writing. The story will intrigue no one.The gameplay is just very ""standard"" and hacking does little to affect it. It's every open-world game we've ever played before, and is a little too familliar a la Assassin's Creed. You follow the icon, start a mission which has you do 1 of maybe 3 different missions copy/pasted all over a huge map, drive a car, shoot some baddies hack a bridge or stoplight, car chase, then a pop up tells you ""mission complete"". It's not ""bad"" per-se, but it's just so ""standard"". We've been here so many times before. It's so lifeless and uninspired.The MP is a gimmick. Half the time, you don't even get invovled with game you queued for. When you do get in, it's just your standard shooter. I avoided it pretty quickly. Tip: If someone ""hacks"" into you, just blow up every car and you win. I've never lost these.It's also frustrating how many ""random"" things can totally ruin the game. No kidding; they are COUNTLESS! About to stop a criminal who is shooting at you? A random citizen will call the OP police who will race to the scene and shoot the unarmed man (you) while you are getting shot at by the criminal (who the police completely ignore, contrary to what Ubi's PR told us), or accidentally using your context sensative hack to blow up 4 people; summoning the OP police again. How about getting a mission where you have to take out a target non-lethally, but you hack a guard's grenade to explode and the genius guard throws the bomb at his client; ending your mission because he died?  There are also no checkpoints during missions, so if any of these MANY weird, random things ""go wrong"", you start over. This only happens because all of these details were so poorly thought out and unpolished. They simply tacked them onto each other and prayed they work.You'll pull your hair out trying to drive in this game. Guess what you'll be doing a lot of. Both. When the police show up, they will spawn indefinately in the direction you're driving until you lose them or they kill you and this forces you to use the HORROR that is the driving controls. On top of that, the game is so poorly optimized that it appears locked at 30fps and droops even LOWER when you drive. Combine 30fps with weird driving controls.Graphics are ok, but character models look astounding. People would commend the graphics more if we weren't lied to about them. Animations, lighting, water, it all looks pretty good.The coup de grace here is just how badly Ubi treated us. A mediocre game is released after years of hype, false marketing, bait and switch, PR lies about gameplay in interviews, the TERRIBAD port, Uplay, and finally, some random modder who found the ""real graphics"" hidden within the game files that is now up for download. Well, the middle finger is flying back at you, Ubi. Splintercell and maybe WD2 (at a discount) will be the last things I support from you.The final verdict is a 6/10. It's a pretty decent game, but holy crapola it is frustratingly unfinished. You chase the indicator, sit through a banal cutscene, slaughter everything, probably lose due to some random s***, drive away at 30fps and bad controls, ""mission complete"", repeat 'til credits roll. A pro critic beat me to coining this phrase: WD shows us that this new generation of games is just like the last one, but only with more gimmicks.If money is all you want, Ubi, take it: history will bury you with it."
76561198351210889,Not Recommended,243470,29274985,Posted: 15 January,all,Dorogon,i cant actvate my ♥♥♥♥ing authentication code and it pisses me the ♥♥♥♥ off
76561198150885086,Recommended,243470,29199321,Posted: 12 January,all,f1rm4n,Just wait for buy w_d 2
76561198037277669,Not Recommended,243470,10248302,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Ova Wolf,this game looked very promising but i was unable to launch it but failed the reason for this is it is running thourgh worst window system ever made the king of pathetic the junk pile system it self hated by every gamer and likely every business on earth with any common since Window vista any game that force you to use the setting from an unstable window is only going be an unstable game.
76561198040539283,Not Recommended,243470,23749130,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,siddujplayer,"I brought the game on sale. The reason I dont recommend the game is because it should be playable to recommend. I cannot play the game , as it shuts down my lappie after mere 30 mins of gameplay on battery & within seconds of wall power. Also the game lags a lot & frame rates stay 10-18 even if graphics are dropped to dead minimum.My specs: i7-6500,16Gb DDR3,4Gb GDDR3.UPDATE: The game lags bcos of the stupid UPlay software. The minute you keep it on offline mode, there is a bump of minimum 10-15 fps(even more based on your specs).Pick up the game of you are gonna play WATCH_DOGS 2 and want something to compare it to in terms of every aspect a game is reviewed on.WATCH_DOGS:Gameplay:GoodStoyline:OkaySide missions:Repetitive(no difference at all)Graphics:Not good(for what it demands the specs, they should be good)Online multiplayer: DO NOT TRY THIS ON ANY PC WITH THE SPECS NOT MEETING THE REQ MENTIONED BY THE STORE PAGE(YOU NEED A QUAD CORE TO TAKE CARE OF UPLAY SOFTWARE AS WELL AS THE GAME BOTH TOGETHER)OVERALL:1.Worth a shot if you want to figure out why watch dogs 2 will be a great game2.If you have extra time and money.3.The sale price becomes your weak spot (it can really get you,trust me)4.Searching for a new headache? Look no more!"
,Not Recommended,243470,19663110,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,the hollywood hootsman,no
,Recommended,243470,30799627,Posted: 28 March,all,Ake,"As a professional Lizard Squad member I can honestly say that this is the most realistic hacking simulator out there. Not only are you given a variety of different hacking methods, but also a free car. The AI get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off too when you hack their stuff, just like in real life. I can recommend this to any aspiring nuisances. 10/10 amusing"
,Not Recommended,243470,26078857,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,HansDasÜberNazi,♥♥♥♥♥ I would not recommend buying Watch Dogs 2 either...
76561198032282758,Not Recommended,243470,30353300,Posted: 6 March,all,Karhi,This game and its sequal are 100% awful
,Not Recommended,243470,23445605,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Hugh G. Rection,I couldnt get uplay to run so i couldnt play
,Recommended,243470,10328104,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,vasyan,Don't listen to whiners who cry about Uplay and ♥♥♥♥. The game itself is amazing. m8/m8
,Not Recommended,243470,19376043,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Slahey,the games so bad...
,Recommended,243470,23466676,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,✪ Exodus,this is nice game... its true to be a hacker ! ! !
,Not Recommended,243470,23449165,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Keiko,i love this game i love how it plays just about everything about it but there is 1 thing that makes me really really mad this game crashes with a nvidia graphics card and ubisoft wont fix it so for that 1 reason i cannot recommend this game to anyone with a nvidia graphics card
,Not Recommended,243470,16559418,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,oyxen,nope.
,Not Recommended,243470,14872847,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Spider,"Worst game, horrible multiplayer, many bugs and singleplayer is boring, sux! Graphics and animation is bad too."
76561198094515883,Not Recommended,243470,30722577,Posted: 25 March,all,kop tek,boat fall when leave
76561198054499398,Not Recommended,243470,32033463,Posted: 28 May,all,ryguy621,"Gave me the wrong CD key so I couldn't play, then I couldn't return it so my money was wasted."
76561198203982844,Not Recommended,243470,34040583,Posted: 5 August,all,SaltyCarrot,"Save your money, this game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.Screw this game.Watch dogs 2 is better.3/10I'm out."
76561198196066290,Not Recommended,243470,29233434,Posted: 13 January,all,Sunwoo,As soon as I got the game it makes me get another cop of Watchdogs asking for a CD Key on Uplay
,Not Recommended,243470,30108661,Posted: 22 February,all,taemin,what an awful awful game
,Recommended,243470,21573949,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Recrees,i want ubisoft to downgrade my pants
76561198331902531,Not Recommended,243470,29254336,Posted: 14 January,all,malcolmkunaka,its not working
,Recommended,243470,23241320,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Mommy says I'm Special,I kinda like Uplay tbh.
,Recommended,243470,12308406,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Sgt.Knox,rules>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
,Not Recommended,243470,10277889,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Epic Story,"BANK ACCOUNT HACKED[Being, Sentient][Suckered by Ubisoft][Age: 25][Occupation: Idiot][Bank Account: -$59.99]The story is a wishy washy, convoluted mess, with forgetful characters, un interesting parties, and sparked zero emotion.The gameplay is somewhat clunky, the car physics and mechanics are simply not there, you will find yourself ice skating your way from quest to quest. And i would even go back as far as to say Driver had better car physics.The missions feel more like daily quests found within MMO's, drive here, kill this group of people, rinse repeat.The gun play is OK with the aim assist as low as possible, its still clunky and no where near as good as some of its earlier rival games such as GTA, Sleeping Dogs.There is no ""REAL"" stealth play in this game, on realistic mode i found myself forced to fight groups of enemies simply because they one shot you, at this point it became a cover shooter until i finished the game really.The hacking is at best a gimmick. generally the tools you have are simply not as useful as throwing a frag or headsahotting everyone with your silenced pistol.Or if you wanna go loud pull out a shotgun and its pretty much GG.The police mechanics in this game really confused me, they are nonexistant, until you pull your gun and shoot a bullet, at which point some random npc will call them, they are like ninja detective cops that will find you in the deepest alleyway inside a garage with the door closed, the best way i found to beat them was to drive in circles till they killed eachother or use a steampipe whioch simply insta killes them. By doing this you don't increase your crime level since they killed themselves and no more will come.The shops are relatively poor in game, i had every outfit, gun, and car by the end of act 2.And around half way through act 3 i unlocked the last skill .Skill trees seems nice at first, but the driving one, and crafting one seems a bit pointless. Just feels like they added it to make it feel like you had something to unlock.I found some missions were far too easy, and offered zero challenge even on realistic. whereas others, instead of adding intuitive mechanics to make it harder they just shove a wave of enemies at you that can one shot you from 300 meters with a shotgun. (this can easily be overcome by the simple sit in corner, pop out of cover and insta kill one then go back down again.)Overall 4/10 would not recommend and will not be playing again.Poor quality title, no optimisation, poor physics,mechanics,story etc."
,Not Recommended,243470,32740105,Posted: 24 June,all,Slxz,Piece of♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,243470,10248261,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Acewings,Completely unplayable. Getting Blue Screens of Death even on the lowest settings. DO NOT BUY!
,Recommended,243470,12495305,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Detoxin,Pretty damn good.
76561198011953266,Not Recommended,243470,32794552,Posted: 25 June,all,Antelino,"Piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game, typical ubishit."
,Recommended,243470,30868348,Posted: 31 March,all,Pubgee {GAME REVIEWER},"Note: After the campaign Big Brother, I stopped playing campaign and kept with the open world gameplay. I will be making a new review once completing the full camaign.Watch_Dogs is an old game developed by Ubisoft, which contains such mechanics like hacking, driving, shooting and more. It only lacks in a certain way which is that you cannot find gang hideouts easily, which is one main reason why I was to purchase this game.Audio - The audio is good. For example, it all sounds realistic and not the same scream and voices. If i pointed a gun at an american girl, she does an american accent. If i point it at another american girl, she does an american accent but a different voice. Including multiple different voices is a good touch. For the shooting, it all sounds realistic in it's own way. I like the little whistle of the bullet coming through the silenced barrel into someone else. I think I mainly focus on the graphics and audio, as I love them so much.Gameplay - This game offers a variety of things. You can either play the campaign (to unlock all the other cities) or you can stay in a certain area and do free roam stuff. Personally, I do campaign only when I get bored of the area and want to do more gang hideouts and potential crimes. If you do free roam like me, don't just mess around. I prefer to keep it alive, to do the side missions. These can be like Fixer Contracts (Drive a car to a certain area but with a catch), Potential Crimes (Go stealth and wait for the criminal to do something, then intervene and either kill or take him down) or Gang Hideouts (infliltrate a base and take down a certain target, killing all the other members of the gang). In this game there are also hacking abilities. You can hack stuff like bridges, cars, blockers, trains, cameras etc. This gameplay is unlimited and thats why I love this game.Graphics / Visuals - The visuals mainly stand out in the cut scenes. The cut-scene's graphics actually looked too good to be true which obviously it is. Ingame, the graphics are really nice and I can kind of match them to the GTA V graphics. They are really delicate and up to date for a 2014 game, made under 3 years ago.FPS or Lag - I do not recieve any frame drops unless I am using a machine gun but to be fair, I am using medium and my computer is just a tiny bit on minimum requirements for medium quality. If i used low settings, I would probably get no frame drops at all.+ Incredible Uptodate Graphics+ Interesting Gameplay+ Brilliant Open World Oppurtunities+ Great Variety of weapons+ Nice Copy of GTA V but with more stuff in it.+ Difficult but fun+ Good stealth mechanics.- Lack of gang hideouts (only done 1 in 15 hours)Overall, 9.7/10(0.3 for more gang hideouts)"
76561198065201435,Not Recommended,243470,23442028,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Dongle_Cleatus,"just a warning, the port for this game isnt very good, aslo you have to use uplay to play it, and unless you have a monster pc your  phrame rate will be awful."
76561198093177302,Not Recommended,243470,23447272,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Shaun,if you want to play a game that makes you want to commit suicide just skip this game and go straight to hanging yourself
76561198053250445,Not Recommended,243470,23439951,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,da¬chaos¬exerter,still needs fixing
76561198317427312,Not Recommended,243470,29295891,Posted: 16 January,all,Gregg,I had bought this game for $9 and I had to create an uplay account and I can't even do that because the stupid servers are down I want a refund do not buy.
,Not Recommended,243470,16559400,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,oyxen,nope.
,Not Recommended,243470,33263427,Posted: 4 July,all,pastaroni,wait what game is this
,Recommended,243470,12423257,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,TechTeller,no dlc report kappa keepo♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ I haz dlc yet game say no dlc wtf ubisoft pls report and deport
76561198034385584,Not Recommended,243470,23463076,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,rufusisaspaz,does not even work what a joke I have a 4k rig and does not even play past start up menu thiis a joke don't  get it what a big joke going to get my damn money back !!
76561198011682505,Recommended,243470,23317796,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Ms Piggy,my favorite game
,Not Recommended,243470,29255571,Posted: 14 January,all,Winters,Alright game.
,Not Recommended,243470,34626453,Posted: 30 August,all,BewareOfTheDog,Horrible performance even for 1080ti
,Not Recommended,243470,10287064,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Shoppa,Those car chases are getting bored..
,Recommended,243470,23459442,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Gregg rulz ok?,pros: ALMOST EVERYTHINGcons: it took me 7 hours to get the game to work9999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999/tem
76561198300619173,Not Recommended,243470,23443698,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Haozhewong,Really lag while sitting in a car so I hate it I refunds it
76561198311818864,Not Recommended,243470,32695833,Posted: 23 June,all,ImperialSpence,"Frick Ubisoft, Frick this game.It never ever runs well, SO MUCH FRICKIN LAG. My PC is decent so im used to lag, but this lag made it near umplayable. It never loads.On the bright side tho, i had a bit of fun driving around in cars killing people (THE LAG MADE IT EXTREMELY HARD TO PLAY THO)"
,Recommended,243470,23442530,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,!flayva!,It's cool.... I guess
76561197989819420,Recommended,243470,23439127,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Hendershot,All the negativity about this game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.It's a hell of fun.
,Recommended,243470,23449434,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Stilz,Its an ok game i guess
76561198139945181,Not Recommended,243470,29275345,Posted: 15 January,all,rick ross,Worst game ive ever played
,Not Recommended,243470,34689468,Posted: 2 September,all,Family&GenderFriendly Gogos,ubishit
,Not Recommended,243470,23440692,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Appr3h3nd3r,"no bullet decals or partical effects when shooting dirt, water or some cement floors. they never patched it. forever a glitchy, boring and offensive mess of a game."
,Recommended,243470,32787378,Posted: 25 June,all,oh y,yha yha yha bom jogo msm
,Not Recommended,243470,29154326,Posted: 9 January,all,SneakyFatMan,The A.I. is not worth the headache
,Not Recommended,243470,23438280,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Chuck Razool,Controls suck.  You can't remap the buttons.  This game isn't worth it if they were giving it away.
,Not Recommended,243470,10279302,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Bacon Overlord®,"What a steaming pile of crap.  I'm all for action games and I'm all for technical advancements in games and trying new things.  But they really screwed this one up royally.  It's Saints Row with ""hacking"" that has nothing to do with actually hacking.  You simply point at things and activate them and they explode or change.  That's it.  That's their version of ""hacking"".Plus the mechanics are only really conducive to one type of play style:  Stealth.  God forbid you're caught out in the open or not in a vehicle when the cops show up.  You get blown to hell in 2 shots so forget trying to defend yourself.  The whole game is based around RUNNING AWAY.  That's what 90% of the ""hacks"" are about.. getting the chasing cops to run into barriers or get stuck in a traffic collission at a traffic light, etc.The mechanics for movement are clunky and nonresponsive compared to most of the other third person view action games that are on the market.  The only gimmick this game had was the whole ""hacking"" thing where you can point at people and profile them.  Even then, that's only really useful if you happened to find some random person that you can hack for their ATM info.This game was boring.. very, very boring."
,Not Recommended,243470,23440257,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Officer25,Worst game I have purchased in 2016I had to refund itDo not buy/10
,Not Recommended,243470,23456861,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,how do i quickscope,even my mom cant suck this hard
76561198224707844,Recommended,243470,23424390,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,gustinedaiklin,Good
,Not Recommended,243470,23440672,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Bossman229,i uninstalled itwasting too much space on my diskmeh game ubisoft has almost lost all my faithstick to assassins creed ubisoftu no good at moddern theme gamesbtw juggernauts???? again? seriously its getting old
,Not Recommended,243470,23441112,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,ScarBoy,fikk æids
76561198114547821,Not Recommended,243470,23438624,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,mr tuxedo,just dont
76561198114471319,Not Recommended,243470,23353740,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Kodak Black,Garbage
,Not Recommended,243470,23278804,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,root,Piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,243470,33214632,Posted: 3 July,all,ヘッドハンター,....
76561198320255041,Not Recommended,243470,32781965,Posted: 25 June,all,JacksMan,"i've played this game for 48 hours and it's not fun. then i try to refund it. but why can you oly refund a game if you have payed it under 2 hours, because even if you play the game for 48 hours it still may not be fun and then you want to refund it. you should be able to refund your games no matter how long you have played it."
76561197982782589,Recommended,243470,10411302,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Armahk,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ Gameplay, fun, hacking. Must-have."
76561198006171985,Not Recommended,243470,10411524,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,[TL]Recker,I had high hope for this game as it was supposed to a game Like GTA but with real depth and vigilante justice  etc...If you had the same DO WASTE YOUR MONEYThis is an Edit...They should have taken Spider Tank Mini Game made it into a fully fledge games and sell it for 5.99$That I would've been happy to pay forUBISOFT  YOU CAN ONLY ABUSE YOUR CUSTOMER BASE SO MUCH BEFORE THEY TELL YOU TO GO F**K YOURSELFGO F**K YOURSELF
76561198064401377,Not Recommended,243470,10411736,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,rowlands.andrew,"Completely over-hyped and really quite linear and boring, wish I could get my money back!"
76561198087427709,Not Recommended,243470,10412650,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Sir Balsacenyurmuth,"I wouldn't recomend this game to anyone. The current version feels more like a beta, than a finsihed game. The AI is laughable, the driving mechanics are terrible and the gameworld is completly unbelievable. Thugs patrol alleyways and rooftops, armed with assult rifles and clad in body armor, in plain view of ordianry citizens. If you decide to engage the thugs, to gain xp and notereity, the ensuing firefight rarely, if ever, results in the police coming out. The police presense is so nonexistant, that I find it impossible to take the game's world seriously and cannot be in the least bit immersed. In the event that, by means of divine intervention, the police do decide to  visit the metropolitan warzone you've created, you will likely find the resulting police chase to be a bit of an annoyance, as Halo: Combat Evolved has better driving mechanics. For some strange reason, Aiden Pearce doesn't quite know how to gently acccelerate; it's pedal to the metal, or no acceleration at all. This makes moderating your vehicle's speed almost impossible, and thus makes concise turning difficult. If this was all not enough, most of the main characters and plot are, too say the least, bland and predictable. Also be prepared for constant crashes and terrible FPS, especially if your machine has AMD components. Ubisoft should be ashamed for releasing such an unpolished title and for wasting a game concept, that had so much potential."
,Recommended,243470,10412744,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,\m/ Metal Head \m/,"Thinking of buying this game?  Here's my honest opinion after about 20 hours of gameplay.This game is a highly upgraded version of the Grand Theft Auto style game.  You know the type of game: open world, Campaign missions, side missions, special missions, a myriad of weapons ranging from pistols to sniper rifles, jacking cars, using your cell phone, calling in favors...  The game actually reminds me a lot of GTA 4, but with JUST ENOUGH new features to make it a different game.What really sets this game apart from any GTA game is your cell phone.  On foot, your trusty cell phone will allow you to hack random strangers to steal their money, download bonus music tracks, copy pieces of illegal software, read their texts, or listen in on their phone calls.  In a vehicle, your cell phone can be used to set off green traffic signals, raise up street blockers, or detonate steam pipes, all of which can disable pursurers if you time it right.  Sounds like a lot, but all of these functions boil down to centering the camera on your intended victim then pressing and holding a button until the hack is complete, then your desired effects are set in motion.This game also has a stronger multiplayer component than GTA.  Most of it is completely optional, and comes in the form of a hide-and-seek game against another player, a head-to-head race, and a few other possibilities.  There are a few times when multiplayer is mandatory, and you will be forced into a game of hide-and-seek whether you like it or not.  Use your cell phone to ""check in"" at city hotspots, and leave cash, ammo, or crafting components for other players, or check to see if anyone else has left items you can snag.This game also has more stealth options than any GTA game.  Most of the time, you're going to have to pull your gun and shoot a bunch of baddies, but it never hurts to hack their security system first, only to discover that one of your bad guys is carrying a hackable explosive, which you can use strategically.  Hack a nearby forklift to draw the attention of a group of guards, including the one carrying the bomb, then when they're all clumped together, hack the bomb and watch the show!  Make sure to hack the guys that are carrying cell phones, to disable their ability to call in for reinforcements.Watch_Dogs is a good game, the cutscenes are city-scape pretty, and the voice acting is seriously gripping.  But despite all the different ways to play this game, it does start to get stale after 15 or 20 hours.  And your cell phone's most powerful abilities must be unlocked by playing side missions or progressing through the campaign (or both).  Some perks are only accessible to multiplayer winners.Have I enjoyed this game?  Yes I have.  Do I think it's worth $60?  Almost.  My advice is to wait until it finally goes on sale, then pick it up.  It's definitely worth playing, but wait until you can get it for $50 or less."
,Not Recommended,243470,10412928,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Elinicus,My R9 290x is stuttering on this game that doesnt even look good? I run Crysis 3 flawlessly. Joke
,Recommended,243470,10413061,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Anomaly,"Great open world game. The story is short but very well written and the voice acting is top notch. This is not a GTA clone if you looking just to cause mayhem, mostly because the police hit you when they shoot and it doesn't take many bullets to take you down. Very realistic in that aspect. This game is more about being stealthy and fleeing/hiding than facing a problem heads on."
,Recommended,243470,10413074,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Trey,"This game is really great so far, I like the driving (accept some flaws with jumping over things), I like the combat, hacking is useful mostly all of the time, the graphics are really nice expecially at night and while its raining, and the story is really nice. some people have been saying AMD processors are causing lag, it happened to me and I fixed it by turning on borderless so I dont get that much lag anymore. I would though say, this game doesnt really look like what it did in 2012 and to be honest im kind of dissapointed about that. I would say this is a pretty good game, but I left out one thing. Uplay, its really bad for this game, I cant connect to any servers at all, ive waited 10 minutes to hack someone, then instantly lost connection, it also takes like 5 minutes to get into the game through Uplay, and I think its also causing performance issues, other than that, like I said, its a good game."
,Recommended,243470,10413267,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,LameWalletChain,This game is like GTA V set in Chicago with the sense of humor and irony surgically removed.I recommend you buy this game when it costs $20.
,Not Recommended,243470,10413381,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Seraphim169,"Forget this game. But replace the word ""forget"" with that other f-word. This game has such broken gameplay mechanics and controls that it negates the novelty of havng a hacker protagonist. And even the hacking gets tired after a while. No new hacking types present themselves after the first quarter of the game. The road hacks are all obstacles of ever-so-slightly different variants. The other hacks are either collectibles, money, or opening up yet more useless side-missions that there is no compelling incentive to pursue.Yes, it's gorgeous, and unlike others, I've never experienced a single graphical glitch or inconsistent performance. It's been 1080p at 60 fps the whole time, smooth as butter. However, I have a Titan Black Superclocked edition card with 6 GB of dedicated video memory, with a quad-channel motherboard, a hexacore I7, and 32 GBs of RAM. There are likely other systems as powerful as this, and certainly systems that are more so, but most will likely be less powerful, meaning that the gorgeous graphics are going to be muted, ultimately making this no better than a console buy.I haven't had a game make me rage-quit this hard for years, and I don't have the time or patience for this sort of thing anymore. Play Watch Dogs as a sandbox simulator of limited hacking in Chicago, but don't bother with the main storyline. Aiden is wooden, the whole family-in-constant-peril thing gets old within the first 2 acts, the hackers are sterotypical, and the plot meanders it's way through so many detours that you lose track of what was going on in the first place.The mechanics and controls, however, are the absolute most damning thing about this game. Ubisoft wanted the control scheme to differ from most other games, so they tried to come up with novel uses for the standard control buttons (on a controller), but you never really get used to the control scheme. Unlike Deus Ex, which managed to pull off using the ""X"" button instead of the ""A"" button for most things, Watch Dogs has such a counter-intuitive control scheme that you mash the wrong button at the worst possible moment. You'll stand up in plain sight instead of reloading. You'll leap over cover instead of detaching from it. And the button-presses are unforgivingly context-sensitive, meaning that if you accidentally rush just past an enemy (an easy thing to do when going in for a takedown), you'll press the button a second too late and end up getting shot in the back while Aiden crouch walks and twirls in place trying to find the bad guy. The cover mechanic? It was supposed to be streamlined and innovative, and it ended up being touchy and accidentally suicidal in far too many scenarios. Combined with the controls, it ends up overly-sensitive and twitchy. There also does not seem to be a good sense of when you are protected behind cover and when you are behind cover, but still somehow exposed.The vehicle handling in this game is some of the worst I've ever experienced. The camera is not fixed facing the front of your vehicle from a above-and-gehind view, nor is that an option. Combine that with the terrible handling of the vehicles, and you'll be lucky to stay off of the sidewalks. During times when I did not need to absolutely concentrate on catching up to a fleeing enemy or flee the cops, I was able to keep vehicles on the road more often than not. But when chasing or being chased? Expect to completely blow that good vigilante karma that you worked hard to accrue as you plow through countless civilian NPCs who are too dumb to leap the right way away from danger.I've been playing this game since it came out, trying my best to enjoy it, and time and time again, the game has found ways to ruin the fun. I finally came to the realization that this is truly not a good game, not matter how much it tries, no matter how pretty it looks, and no matter how interesting the concept is. This game is broken. Try, but don't buy."
,Recommended,243470,10413522,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,yungjosh,"I think this game is Amazing. People who say oh uplay doesn;t work well yah it didn't but it was fixed in the next 24 hours.This game has amazing graphics. People who say the game has bad graphics, well their computers can't probably run it.So if anyone out there wants to buy this game , buy and you will have hours on end of amazing hacking fun. :D9/10."
,Recommended,243470,10413839,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Crouch_Masta,"13 hours was what it took to run through mainly just the center story line without spending too much time with side missions and exploration, it is a solid story line, smooth game play and all around a must have title from this year. If you are on the fence for whatever reason stop wasting time and pick up an amazing game."
,Recommended,243470,10414090,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,koomnasty,good
,Recommended,243470,10414119,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Casspian.,Great
76561198062813437,Recommended,243470,10414579,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,xjunglegeorge,once you can play it's a good game beta update for amd works.
76561198093774715,Recommended,243470,10418151,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Hiroshima,"All of it is outstanding I have died a few times but it was worth shooting the same person in the face. Its really fun and I see a lot of negative reviews for this but it doesn't matter. I already beat the game and I tell you guys it is strong. I was gettting choked up, anyway great game."
,Not Recommended,243470,10244840,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,If My 🅿🅾cket H🅰d Moneys,You should read this review it really helpful.http://go.ign.com/1oelya9My Notebook msi gt60 can run quality medium with resolution 1920*1080 as well.Edit.2you should read this topic it really helpful my notebook can set some option to ultra now (i'm not kidding now)http://www.reddit.com/r/watch_dogs/comments/26fji7/get_rid_of_ultrasetting_stuttering_by_adding/
,Not Recommended,243470,10264337,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Damke,"Does not work as advertised. Performs awfully on the lowest settings even when hardware is above minimum required specs. Frequent CTD's and BSOD's even with updated drivers.Most of your time will be spent trying to get it to run, rather than actually playing the game itself."
,Not Recommended,243470,10264387,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Myron Effin Baily,"Between the constant frame drops, the fact that i have to log into UPLAY just to play the game from steam, and the fact that I paid 59.99 for these problems: No I do not recommend."
,Not Recommended,243470,10264545,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Blood,Can't even play.
,Recommended,243470,10629763,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,thebestbrandon,"Everybody who complains about the graphics not being up to snuff are telling half truths. It does not look up to snuff because they lack the pc to handle it! I suggest this game only under the premise that you have a very strong computer. Other than that, it is a pretty solid game."
,Not Recommended,243470,10645258,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,MagicD,"The game does not live up to it's hype, it also has a lot of bugs that UBI is trying to patch. If you can get around the bugs and stuttering issues the game can still be a lot of fun. Probably best off waiting until the game is on sale, or holding off a while if you really want it,"
76561197962750337,Recommended,243470,10647133,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Baconnaise,"This is basically GTA based around a computer hacker, to simplifiy it to an extreme. If you like the GTA games you will like this game."
,Recommended,243470,10649718,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,-PEves-,"This game was a fantastic open world sandbox game with a real hardcore revenge story to it. It dosn't have the every day normal happy ending that many other stories have but the game was fantastic none-the-less. It has some of the freedoms of Grand Theft Auto while at the same time it makes sure you know your place as a vigilante not a psychopath. In John Connor's words ""You can't just go around killing people!"" Also the side quests are just as fun as the main storyline missions.I rate this game: 10/10The action is great.The story is great.The gameplay is great.This is a game that is most definitely replayable!"
,Recommended,243470,10650416,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,xxxgr33kxxx,"After completing 33% of the storyline the game got stuck in singleplayer. I was hoping the problem to be solved in a week or two and here I am waiting for the third week. I have started a new game, which now does not let me in the game at all, just gets stuck at the black screen of the entry movie scene... Wish there was a way to get the 60 euro back."
76561197970997721,Not Recommended,243470,10652123,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,HanX,"Watch_Dogs is a crime, technically and gameplay wise. The most upgraded and powerfull pc's are struggling to run this game. Especially AMD computers. Even with Intel and Nvidia the game has anoying performance and quite frankly it doesn't look as good as you would exspect. couple that with the extreme size of roughly 50gb of space it is simply not worth the time to download and spend time making it run.Gameplay is very much so a Ubisoft tittle. That is to say all elements are copied from other tittles. Driving well is next to impossible and while some people may find hacking interesting, I found it boring to constanly walk around and looking at the ingame smartphone. Shooting is ok though but this game has been mispresented since that first e3 it was at. Wait for the newly anounced pc version of GTA5 instead. WASTE OF MONEY"
76561198012047195,Recommended,243470,10653500,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Anamosity,"Great game, lots to blow up and kill."
,Recommended,243470,10654953,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,[TAC] PeenerShot,"It's like GTA, but better! Though the hacking mechanics are unrealistic, they are fun as hell and make for some really interesting gameplay. Multiplayer is pretty fun too, but be sure to disable online invasions if you are accustomed to playing the single player missions for long periods of time, otherwise you will get annoyed quickly."
,Recommended,243470,10658080,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Nex,Må prøves!
76561197993246497,Recommended,243470,10658210,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Metasoul,"If you liked the GTA games then you will love Watch_Dogs.Combines the best of the GTA elements with some brand new high-tec, H4X0R game play which is quiet helpful at times.Very good story line and some fairly intense moments. Characters are very gripping and game play is easy to grasp and get the hang of.When they say streamless online game play, they mean it! Very cool system. Keeps you on your toes at all times. Comes with a pretty cool soundtrack as well catering to everybodies likes including some dubstep, punk rock and even some jazz as well.All in all. Very cool game. 9/10"
,Recommended,243470,10658465,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,RushinRob,Good Game
,Recommended,243470,10665400,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,yaza23,Get this game if you have a good computer because it is really good.
,Recommended,243470,10475637,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,asleeponduty,"While This game lacks polish and feels empty.Only redeeming factor is the ""spider tank"" minigame, where you drive a spider tank around destroying sDriving i hard to get used to on PC. Whenever I play, I walk everywhere. I shouldn't have to do this.FYI if you have cops pursuing you, get in a boat and move a foot. The AI in the game doesn't know about boats and thinks you're off the map.[Edit]Yeah, I am not used to GT-styled driving physics. That's why driving sucks for me.As for the game feeling empty, that's because It turns out that I have been hanging out around the edge of the playable map for most of the time. (Durr)I strongly reccomend this when it goes on sale.Do not drive in third-person mode while using a joystick on the PC version of the game. The camera assist will drive you nuts, as you can see in my earlier review."
,Recommended,243470,10666131,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Widget ☯,"Its K. Its just K. The story is alright (personal preference), the optimization is abysmal, and UPLAY. WHY U DO DIS. Once Ubisoft gets thier act together and fixes the game it will be alright."
76561198047672793,Not Recommended,243470,10666163,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Toxicturn,"It was fun but the story was predictable, the PC version is poorly optimized, many of the side missions are really boring an unsatisfying to complete. Definitely a unique third person open world game that's worth playing, but not worth paying 60$ for."
,Not Recommended,243470,10402136,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Squigrider,"Ubisoft why!!!! Why botch the PC port! I wish I could play the game more effectively than it crashing every 10 minutes or so. Game looks pretty...until the game randomly locks up and goes black. Please fix this....so (random interested consumer), my advice, I would wait until a more stable release comes out before spending $60 on a game you cannot really play.Update: The newest patch didn't really help either...try again Ubi"
76561198041228018,Recommended,243470,10666488,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Evasive Ferret,Simply meh
,Not Recommended,243470,10666927,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,vonHeaviside,"Dont buy it, you'll get bored fast. Very repetitive side missions, weak main story line, as bland as it gets main character."
76561198016314321,Recommended,243470,10667433,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Hooch,"good gameplay/mechanics, bad story"
76561198054406678,Recommended,243470,10671511,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,sapperpark,"First rating ever (for me): 7/10. Expected playthrough (one-time with 30-40% exploration): 30-40 hours.I've had almost no problems with UPlay since launch. I pre-ordered the Deluxe Edition on Steam. I've got pretty solid hardware and I bought the game because it would be the first AAA-title I could run on this system. I think it's quite visually stunning.I had some ""game-breaking"" bugs with vanilla which didn't affect the campaign until about 2/3 into it, but the E3 2012 tweak fixed all of my problems. Despite the game having been patched since then, I still run with the tweak because it looks good. So far not at all game-breaking. As a note, changing the graphical setting (like the depth of field blur; I'm not a fan) after applying the tweak turns it off (supposedly).My main quip about the gameplay is that there's not enough of the mission-type: ""Gang Hideout"". It's pretty much an area with a bunch of enemies, and you have to sneak/snipe/guns-blazing past them and target an individual. Those are fun to play, as you can employ most of your arsenal of close/near-combat skills to good use. There are 15 Gang Hideouts. There are a few other special missions that are similarly run, except, in those instances, if you get caught (e.g. guns blazing) you fail. Once you complete that specific scenario, you can't do it again.My first playthrough, since I liked those types of missions, I ran through all of them right-away. I had more skill points than were un-locked. Only to my dismay, once they were done, the closest type of mission were the occasional ones in the campaign. I've recently started a second play-through, but this time I'm saving all of those until I've unlocked all of my skills and weapons so that I could go through them with some more finesse.Driving is okay. Maybe not as super-real as you would find in a dedicated driving game, but definitely better than GTA4. Playing on a K/B & M, it's really hard to get a decent amount of control when driving. It's either hard down on the gas or nothing on the gas.The focus (aka bullet-time) feature is rarely used. Only when I need to do something very carefully timed (like a headshot on a target moving from left-to-right) do I get to use it. It's also a shared shortcut to my push-to-talk with my friends, so I might use it unneccessarily. Too lazy to change the short-cut (makes it a whole lot less convenient too).When the police aren't on high-alert, you never see them. But when they are hunting you down, there's no end to them. I'm just playing on normal. I'm far from a seasoned veteran. That being said, I do enjoy that you can cripple a cop with a single shot to the leg, and your reputation doesn't drop that much. Reputation-wise, it can be a pain. It's pretty easy to max it out in either direction. I tend to be on the ""good"" side, so whenever I'm in a crazy car-chase, some civilians tend to get run over. Yeah, as expected, your reputation plummets. A good reputation results in people not calling the cops as much.I don't mind the cover system. Press ""C"" (default key) and you'll run and hide behind cover (sometimes slide) to where you're pointing. Seems pretty simple. Can be used to round a corner while hiding.The mini-games can be quite entertaining. You really can play full games of chess.The integrated multiplayer can get annoying (but it can also be turned off). For some reason, someone is always trying to hack me when I'm just 1-2 seconds away from finishing a side-quest or puzzle. You have a few minutes to find the person, but when you're at the top of a skyscraper (jumping through so many tricks to get there) and the person hacking you is on the ground with all the other NPCs, I have to run down to find them. And I usually catch them, and then I have to do the puzzle/maze all over again to get to the top of that building.My friends said that they were excited about this game, so I pre-ordered it. Then, none of them bought it (since they heard it was poorly optimized). Boo-urns. The updated graphics have turned their heads a bit, and they might actually buy it. Will update it when I've played some multiplayer. I'm not a fan of PvP, but do like PvE."
76561198079443494,Recommended,243470,10277219,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Josh,i love this game and if you like free roam and hacking things fun like me then you will LOVE this game
,Not Recommended,243470,10277226,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Krankr,"I guess I'm the only person I have to blame, I failed to remember that this was a Ubisoft game and actually bought it, I promise to never make the same mistake again.Uplay/10"
76561197979250420,Recommended,243470,10277265,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Feersum Endjinn,"I will start off by saying, i think uplay is useless. SIMPLE!However, i like this game, in fact i love it. It's a mix of sleeping dogs, a bit of GTA (minus the pinpoint satirical digs) and Deus ex, all outstanding games. Watchdog's controls take a bit of bedding in but you get them in the end. The game has depth and plenty of stuff to do. I can't say what the shelf life will be but i am enjoying at the minute.I looked at all the NEG reviews and it seems that most are because of AMD hardware..............is this the result of gaming on a budget??????......all i can say is I have an Nvidia card and an intel proc, it works for me (Reassuringly expsensive). In fact it looks stella on a 780ti and 3d montior (few depth issues with the pop up info when profiling) with an 3570k running the show. So if you are having problems and you are on a low budget might i suggest a console...playstation seems to cater to those who shop at cash generator, who knows you might make new friends.  :)"
,Recommended,243470,10277294,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,► The Real Champ ◄,Fenomenal game. Probably the best Free Roam experience you can get on PC.And the Online features.... They are godlike. Never had anything like it.
76561198097840276,Not Recommended,243470,10277372,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,63e_LEEROY_JENKINS,Don't buy it! Its actually crap.
76561197971975413,Recommended,243470,10277433,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Sitting Duck,"It's clear what this game is built on.You get a large world like Assassin's Creed.You get some of the sneaking and sniping and tactics from Splinter Cell: Blacklist.You get the radio towers and vehicle driving of Far Cry 3.You get 'skill tree' and hacking of Deus Ex: Human Revolution.You get main missions, you get side missions, but most importantly you can just wander off into the world for hours without following the story.The graphics are great, and run smoothly even on my 3 year old hardware. Sure, there are some quirks, and for some reason I can't get the Online Invasion setting to be respected and Ubisoft wants you to look at their 'Connecting' screen for 30 seconds before timing out.Other than that, this game will last me a couple of months.So yeah, I recommend it. Wholeheartedly."
76561198055716316,Not Recommended,243470,10277447,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,gav616,"i have to say the game runns smooth on my pc, only problem was trying play it in the first place, virus picked up in the exe, this was a false positive but still a pain, then it was telling me it needed vista sp1 and higher, event hough im running windows 7, so had to change compatablility mode, then after all that, its uplay, and lets face it, we all know about that, so enough said, game is ok, nothing special, 5 hours fixing a brand new game and trying to log in is not cool however, avoid"
76561198067024729,Not Recommended,243470,10277452,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Couchpotato1924,"Pre-ordered this game and spent nearly $100 getting the extra content and everything. At the release I attempted to play and it has now been three days since release. I have yet to even make it to the loading screen. The game is downloaded and just sitting on my cunputer. I wouldn't recommend spendiong anything on this POS until it is even playable. I'll update my review if the game is made available soon, if not, I'm not even gonna bother to be honest."
76561198048779475,Recommended,243470,10277483,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,masterchief9608,Got no crashes the game is smooth had to undo my cross-fire tough >.<
,Recommended,243470,10277583,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Mertzayne,Very good game. Lots of stealth and action as well as a good amount of open world to explore.
,Recommended,243470,10277591,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Bendy Straws,"Loved every minute of it, and I'm still going back for the side missions. Sure the Ubisoft server errors early on were a pain, but they were fixed within a day, and thats better than what can be said for some other games."
76561197999840614,Not Recommended,243470,10277609,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,fckoverload,"on waching the traler on here thinking it a bit like GTA with extras like hacking peoples phones and so on, i had issues logging in to the game as you need a ubisoft account to play the game, on starting the game found the controles of the game is hard to controle seams to be a delay in the buttons, ( and yes i,m useing a USB keyboard) Also driving the car is like a shopping trolly that has a mind of its own, a waste of 39.99 poundsunisoft my rateing for this is -8/10 REFUND pls?"
76561198135943231,Recommended,243470,10277628,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,TheDopeDolphin,PLAY IT :3
,Recommended,243470,10277914,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Runda,"Absolutely amazing title! Free roaming, missions, online hacking, great graphics. Just perfect"
,Recommended,243470,10277941,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Jaxi,"Awesome game, alot of stuff to do. Few bugs and coulda been a bit better in tiny ways, 8.5/10"
,Not Recommended,243470,10277987,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Gordon Gekko,"DO NOT buy this game or any ubisoft product, by buying this game you are asking for DRM troubles, uplay woes and a console port that is a blatent copy and paste job. Also buy gta 4 if your going to buy this game, its a better and now cheaper sand box game."
,Not Recommended,243470,10278173,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,DP_Shady,"3 DAYS without play this game because UPLAY dont let me play... and AMD users have problem to play this game with good quality, the best thing to do is download from PIRATES, -49,99 euros lost for this♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561197971002781,Not Recommended,243470,10278253,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,smoke,"I really should stop pre-ordering stuff and just wait 1-3 days till people have played a game.The game is mostly disappointing and flat, especially the driving is fairly horrible. It also gets repetitive very fast, all in all ""meh""."
,Not Recommended,243470,10278294,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,The Deliverator,"Plagued by a host of bugs, glitches and performance issues even on powerful gaming hardware. If you don't believe me, ask Google.Stay away for now; hopefully Ubisoft will work on fixing some of these issues."
76561198081231174,Not Recommended,243470,10278371,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Preacher!,"Only playing it because I pre-ordered it. Wait till Christmas to pick this up, HOPEFULLY the BUGS will be fixed. The physics are something that require a new engine to do, so extremely doubtful they will ever change. AMD users besides thoses who own a 7870 HD (The card I have), buyer beware - this♥♥♥♥♥♥doesnt work so well."
76561198050507248,Not Recommended,243470,10477081,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Closet Homosexual,"You know, maybe I would write a helpful review, if I could play the damn game. Crashes after first cutscene because of all that AMD crap that happened. Still can't get my $60 worth."
,Recommended,243470,10477213,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,tnypxl,Would be fun if the game was finished. Skip this game and wait for GTA V on PC.
76561198104536904,Recommended,243470,10478993,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Balandar,Am i the onle one with a Pc that can run this game properly and enjoy it?
76561198048690277,Not Recommended,243470,10480295,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,nacl146,"Ubisoft there is lots of people downloading from torrent, we gave you guys 60 dollars but they are getting for free, then why the f*** we bought this for 60? You guys should stop spreading from internet. You guys should do something aint?"
76561197964860476,Not Recommended,243470,10480727,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Gronda,"Pro's: Very pretty, hacking a grenade to blow up an enemy or two doesn't get old..Con's: Poor gameplay, inconsistent world logic, frequent crashes, only auto-save at pre-determined checkpoints, no way of scrapping a mission once you start, flaky auto-targetting, predictable story, no depth to characters.Overall, a huge disapointment. Wait for it to go on sale - worth a fiver but don't be a mug like I was and pay full price for it."
76561198042676505,Not Recommended,243470,10460406,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Diseased,Terribly optimized. Even the best rigs have Framerate issues with this game.
,Recommended,243470,10460613,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,twillsie,"This game is great, good story, great graphics, unique gameplay. I have a few quarrels with the game as it is right now. For one, the game is so new that it does not perform very well (Ubisoft is aware of this and are working towards a patch to fix performance issues), secondly, Ubisoft's uPlay DRM is aweful, there are many times where uPlay will not sign in, forcing you to play offline and hoping that uPlay will properly sync your save files, lastly, there are so many thing that you can hack that it easy to end up blowing up a pipe or electrical box, when you are just trying to hack into someone's phone. I have yet had an opportunity to play online (because of uPlay being down) but I have heard nothing but great things about. I will add a comment when I am able to get online. Otherwise the game is fun, entertaining, and worth the money invested to play."
76561198104212096,Recommended,243470,10461190,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,warbypaul,i have directx 11 and everytime i go to play the game it says i dont have directx 11 how do i solve this problem?
76561197967648214,Not Recommended,243470,10461856,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,FallenXcalibur,"Horrible game, just a beat up GTA but nearly as fun. Please save your money. I made the mistake doesnt mean you have to repeat my mistake. Play GTA and you will have a lot more fun."
,Not Recommended,243470,10462012,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Bombero18132,"This game was only good with the promo videos... The game itself its just bad in graphics, the way the cars move when you turn, etc... Dont waste your money now for this game, buy it when it comes to an offert."
,Recommended,243470,10462384,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Kyleapril32,Bad side is it dosn't work to well on older machines and dosn't work on win 7 32 bit BUT the allsomeness in the hacking and the huge story missions  make up for it!!!
76561197969575485,Not Recommended,243470,10462706,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,SLACK.PIT,"meh, goodish game... messed up by pre-order, uplay and DLC greed... worth 20-30 bucks."
76561198104199159,Recommended,243470,10463213,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Single Slice Of Swiss Cheese,it keeps crashing my game when it loads
,Not Recommended,243470,10463262,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Leafenstein,"Not worth full price for a game that is still bad after 8 months of ""polishing"" wanna see why it's bad? go here.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=idA9BEA4Hxs"
76561197997620287,Recommended,243470,10463402,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Hurricane5,"This is a great game design with a tremendous potential. Its complexity is intended to give the player a unique experience never seen before in a video game. We should give our friends at Ubisoft a chance to fix the problems and hopefully get rid of the bugs, and stop the crashing all over the place... I am confident this great and capable team will be able to resolve these issues and get this game back on track soon... Will be waiting with open arms..."
,Not Recommended,243470,10463991,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Mussolini,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing stupid as♥♥♥♥♥♥Don't want to be hacked while playing?Too ♥♥♥♥ing bad♥♥♥♥♥♥you can't turn it off or else you lose half of the multiplayer gamemodes and the entire ranking system.Render distance is terrible, car appeared right in front of me as I was chasing someone who was hacking me and he dissappered after geting 10 ft in front of me.I'm running this game on ultra graphics.this ♥♥♥♥ing sucks0/10dont buy"
,Recommended,243470,10464356,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Papa McRib,"Wonderful game. Great Graphics. Great Story Line,One issue is the lag. It only occurs when you drive or run which is once in a while. Do not worry ubisoft has realesead a patch date to iron out this issue. Overall its wonderful."
76561197989393819,Not Recommended,243470,10465105,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,LordBaka,DO NOT BUY ITUbisoft needs like 3 years to get this game work.It curraprts save games - so you need backup it manualy. 3 fps ? - normal in this game. And sop on and so on
,Not Recommended,243470,10465621,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,DrPhilYo,My graphics card is not Directx 11 compatible :(
,Recommended,243470,10465920,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Radical McNarly,"While a fair bit overhyped, there is no denying that Watch_Dogs is of considerable quality. The shooting mechanics are solid. The visuals are polished though not up to the standards that were presented in trailers. There was clearly a lot of hard work put into the game. Where this game's negatives come in is what it doesnt do. The hacking the games claims as its feature gimmick isn't used to its full potential. The story is sloppy and just a bit generic. But I don't want you to soley focus on the negatives like many have. I want you to know that while youre NOT getting the ""future of gaming"", ""a truly next-gen game"", or a ""genre defining game"", you ARE getting a well made open world 3rd person shooter with some hacking flavor poured on to make it more unique and you know what? That's fine. If you let go of the hype and look at the game on its own terms, it's good. Not incredible, but far from bad. The only big  negative for specifically the pc version is the lack of optimization. I would make sure your computer can run the game before putting your money into it. Personally, I would wait until a steam sale if youre on the fence. No harm done if you only spend 10 bucks on a merely decent game, right? Overall, I'd reccomend this game to those looking for a fun, if forgettable open world game with some fresh, if under-utilized mechanics.P.S. I have beaten the game, and there seems to be a glitch not displaying my true play time for the game so please understand that I have put at least 20-30 hours into the game as of this review."
,Recommended,243470,10631129,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Basher,"I finally played through Watch_Dogs. I really enjoyed the story line and all of the situations that Aiden was put in.One thing that confused me was when I was in a mission where I needed to run from the police, sometimes it was pretty difficult to escape but then other times it was kind of ridiculous how easy it was to get away from them in the same mission."
,Recommended,243470,10776171,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Zoilus-Z,"Ubisoft saw the value of a modern open world game and challanged GTA to it's direct market.  I feel that Watch_Dogs has succeeded and shows great potential in it's sequels.  Even though the story is not exactly pushing the envelope, this is still a great start to a potentially great franchise.Yes, this game has a few issues.  Watch_Dogs is a little bit glitchy, and sometimes the game can be a little harsh (like getting away from the cops.)  However, this open world game has a lot to offer.  You can play this game the way you want to play it.  There is a whole lot of things to do which adds a lot to the replay value.  This includes both online and offline content.  You can even enter some strangers house and join a game of Texas Hold'em if you wanted to.Since this is only the beginning, I figure Watch_Dogs will surpass GTA in every way in a few years.  Especially if Ubisoft applies their production schedule to this franchise.  This is only the beginning and I am excited to see what the future has in store for it.My final verdict:  Watch_Dogs is a good game but it could have been great. The potential for future installments in the franchise is great and in some ways exciting.  81/100"
,Recommended,243470,10777386,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,HereFishy,Great story line!
,Not Recommended,243470,10777808,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,made2k,"Struggles to run on a pretty good pc, the characters don't really make you feel anything and it just doesn't feel like a deep game. Honestly, play the first 2 hours of GTA 4 and you'll already have a better experience than this game. Just not much too it."
,Recommended,243470,10731408,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,sonic1187,"Awesome game, Not a GTA rip off, The stealth is well done complimented by one of the best cover based shooting i have ever used. Also the freedom to approach most missions in any style you choose is an added bonus for those of us who like to go in guns blazing. The hacking is a very special aspect that works seemlessly with the rest of the game. As with multiplayer. It feels like everyone is appart of your own game."
,Recommended,243470,10699338,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,DeadOnArival,killed an old man by hacking his pase maker 10/10
,Recommended,243470,10703506,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,valcaine,THE MISSION WHERE YOU'RE AT THE BAR AND HAVE TO DRAG THE MOUSE OVER THE BUTTONS AND PRESS THEM IS SO ♥♥♥♥ED UP I SWEAR
,Recommended,243470,10704785,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Jonzn,This game was amazing. Worth every penny (Would Play Again/10).
,Recommended,243470,10619459,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,ЌЯz`,Fun
,Recommended,243470,10680176,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Snowdrift,"Ignore all the haters. Does the game look like the E3 video? Not really, but I've gotten to the point where I don't expect it to. The game is still fun overall. Storyline is relatively basic but enjoyable. Side missions can get a bit repetative, but they can be fun if you make them fun.Multiplayer is a blast."
,Not Recommended,243470,10277748,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Ygs,This game is real shi*t. Don't buy it. Uplay always down and can't play it online
,Recommended,243470,10680557,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Gnargoyle,Fun game. I had none of the problems that other people were complaining about. The game ran smooth on high settings ~60 fps. I really like the stealth aspects of the game.
,Recommended,243470,10681281,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,NorWestern,"Despite all of the stuttering and lag issues, I still enjoyed this game.  The main story was a little too serious for the tone of the side missions and minigames.  I wish there had been more of an emphasis on the information collection, rather than just shooting your way out of every situation."
76561198056122012,Recommended,243470,10682065,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,asyrvachev,Love this game. Epecially invasion mode. The story is meh to be honest.
76561197971723001,Recommended,243470,10682570,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,coolwhipjc,Loved it.
,Recommended,243470,10682621,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Snor Lax,"Not Bad, its GTA with hacking and a Karma system."
,Not Recommended,243470,10682899,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,pUcKeR,"This is  a mediocre game at best. Nuke reviews that said it totally sucks are blown way out of proportion. Definitely over-hyped. The whole graphics demo from 2012 is total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. The game definitely needs some optimization, but didn't notice any 'game-breaking bugs'.  The main character is very uninteresting and his constant circular logic on justifying his actions becomes nauseating. The first acts are good. The last two are seems like a hacked together rush job by Ubisoft. Hell the entire basis of the story is kind of obvious from the very beginning. This is a 'bargain bin' game. Shame on you Ubisoft. Kudos to the Ubisoft marketing team for suckering me into buying this full price. :*("
,Recommended,243470,10683139,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Beanyb  Xx,Good game.
,Recommended,243470,10643698,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,[ISRAD] tardhat,"There sure are a lot of people pretending to hate this game without any real time having played it.Yes, uPlay sucks.  Yes, you'll just have to get over that.  That has nothing to do with the game.Watch_Dogs is great fun."
76561197995084696,Recommended,243470,10755518,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Rewster,"Assassin's Creed (series) meets Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell meets Grand Theft Auto.  Action packed, with an array of techy tools, and stealth like strategies all the while exploring a vibrant city on your feet (or wheels).Assassin's Creed: A tad repetitive with city exploration.  If you remember the towers you had to climb to fill out your map, you do nearly the same with cTOS points throughout the city. And oh, you have to unlock and play little hack games to get access at each point.  Not too many but just enough to make you groan ""another access point?""  On the plus side each cTOS point is unique.  A different set of guards, vangage points and strategies to infiltrate and hack.  Watch_Dogs also consistently forces the player to be stealthy and avoid drawing attention to themselves.  With an array of tools and knowledge of the layout getting away, sneaking and silently executing annoying targets becomes second nature.Splinter Cell: Quite an array of tech tools and weapons at your disposal.  Not to mention lots of choices within guns alone.  Each gun type has at least 5 choices each.  Pistol, machine gun, shotgun, rifle, and... unique (grenade launchers to sniper rifles).  Onto the tech tools: very specific tools for specific purposes. To name a few, blackouts, com jams, cTOS scans, are quite handy and the UI for accessing and utilizing is nifty.  However, the process to find pieces and make such tools is pointless.  Rarely did I ever find enough scraps to do so. Almost always bought the tools outright, then made extras when I could (while in heated and drawn out combat scenarios). Coolest part, jamming coms then committing a crime, and getting away with it!Grand Theft Auto: Think GTA but smarter, fuller, and much, much more detailed.  For starters the citizen AI is clever.  They recognize your choices and actions in public (some forced public by storyline). Amusing and captiving disparity of citizen factoids utlizing your phone scan.  I could go hours reading about each citizen. Some even made me laugh.  The city, oh man, what joy to walk, drive, and run through.  Beautiful in brightness or darkness, and detaied at every corner.  Best present day city in my video gaming experience to date. On the downside cars took some practice to feel comfortable for the neccessity of the game (getaways, distractions, chases, and races).  You can't shoot out your car window or while on a motorcycle. At least your enemies can't shoot back, except when on foot. However, you can control the city! Stoplights, bridges generators, barricades and more!"
,Recommended,243470,10531358,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Dry Tommy,"Awesome game. If you like Assassin's Creed, Splinter Cell, Far Cry or open world games then you'll have fun playing this one. Even though the game had a major graphics downgrade, you can mod it so the E3 2012 graphics are added. The mod is called ""TheWorse mod"" and it also helps the game run better."
,Recommended,243470,10534355,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,whytewolf,"visually stunning, and the game play is fun and fluid. even switching in the multipler parts is fluid and none disruptive."
,Recommended,243470,10535354,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,SapperLex,not a world changer but interesting new tings to add to the GTA feel of the game
,Recommended,243470,10535800,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Lancet11,"The game is no where near what they promised but as for the story and the mechanics I like them. If your into a good story and dont really mind graphics then this is a pretty good game. But if your like everyone else whos butt hurt because ubi lied about how realistic it is just get the mod the unlocks the E3 2012 Graphics, it improves performance and acctually makes the game pretty nice.For once i think metacritic hit the nail on the head."
,Not Recommended,243470,10537521,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,human_error,"Terrible performance, weeks for a patch that was promised on release and graphics toned down for no apparent reason. The gameplay is fun - if only you can survive the stuttering, missing objects, invisible characters and all the other performance issues."
,Recommended,243470,10539072,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,the nightman cometh,this game good. game make feel good. game has shoot. shoot i do.
,Recommended,243470,10539226,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Mr. Claymore,Fun Game. Would be Better on Play Station or XBox systems. Needs work on the Computer
76561198019369774,Recommended,243470,10266261,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Timuridian,"The game runs badly on AMD cards. I really expected more from this game's launch. I have no doubt that these issues will be patched (or at least I hope so) but, if they are not, hold off from buying this game.[Update] They have now patched Uplay and it is now playable, they have also attempted to patch the graphics cards which means I can play. The game is incredible; with fluid mechanics, beautiful graphics, an intense story and tonnes of cool and immersive features."
,Recommended,243470,10411978,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,yellowcuck イエローキック,"Some bugs and glitchs but, hopefully that is fixed in a later update. All in all though, the game is well balanced and very enjoyable. 8.5/10"
76561197961015328,Recommended,243470,10316471,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Boycie,"OK after several hours playing this I'm going to change my review. The game itself is fun, the story is dreadful and incoherent. My recommendation - just play the game and ignore the story, even uplay's not that bad - you barely notice it.Below is my original review for comparisonCan't recommend this.Dodgy Ubisoft ""software"" required to play. Gameplay is ok, shooting, sneaking, driving - nothing special. Worst of all the story is dreadful and makes little sense, why is the character doing these things? Why does he have access to all this high tech hackery?Disappointed"
,Recommended,243470,10540257,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Krayzeee,"Not as good as the hype made me believe, but still a good game to play for some hours ..."
76561198102769558,Not Recommended,243470,10491909,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,kittendude1,No Just No
,Recommended,243470,10545916,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,aa: The Dude,"There are some valid complaints about the game, but I still liked it."
,Not Recommended,243470,10546348,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,SvenEDT,"Waste of money, Missions are broken and game controlls make it unplayable. Story is a refresh, although dry and hard to follow."
76561198117580567,Recommended,243470,10411034,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,lu'nar crimson,"over all a great game, only issues is its hard to drive unless useing a controller"
,Recommended,243470,10411059,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,coldairkiller,sure wish i could pay 10-20$ for an upgrade from standard to deluxe so i could get the missions and what not.. great game.  i only had one crash but i kinda was alt tabbing between watchdogs and civ 5 sooo yeah i kinda had it coming.
,Not Recommended,243470,10692072,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,NegroISO,I only regret that I can uninstall this once.
,Not Recommended,243470,10733855,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,LtRoyalShrimp,"Mod the game files to get the ""Real game"". Hacking is part of this game."
76561198024261577,Recommended,243470,10735128,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,terrasan,"It takes some time to start getting consistent fun out of this game, but, all things considered, it is worth it. Very large game, lots of sidequests, but gameplay is not diverse, in my opinion. It's a nice game, but don't go expecting to much from it."
,Recommended,243470,10521764,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Brian LeFevre,"First had a really bad experiance with this game. There was an issue where the save files would get corrupted and then you'd have to start all over. Now that this was fixed(after 2 weeks of not being able to play) I was able to finish the story and some side missions bringing me to a 55% completion. This game has the same tendency as every Ubisoft game unfortuantly. That being that you're just sic of the game by the time you finish it because while there may be a lot of content, most of the missions in the story involve doing the samething over again just in a different setting, which is what all the side mission are. There is probably no more than a dozen different things to actually do, just you repeat them over and over in ""different"" missions. It's still pretty buggy at this point so be prepared for that. The driving is not the greatest which I guess is what they were going for(can't figure out why.) But once you get used to that it's a decent game. Story as most Ubisoft games are was fantasic. I thought the items were too easy to achieve. Money comes by very easily. Bottom line it's like Assassin's Creed, half heartedly mixed with a techno GTA. One plus is they don't try to stray you away from just all out  blasting everyone. You can really play it anyway you want. 7/10"
76561198042532634,Recommended,243470,10735572,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,SivD1 (Geralt Of Rivia),"Don't listen to the haters. Now that the game's been cleaned up, it runs fine.Now, away from that, this game is solid. Great and clever multiplayer, fun hacking gameplay (shooting is fine, but could be better), beautiful graphics (though not as good as shown at E3), interesting strory (though cliche) and SO MUCH CONTENT! My only gripes are that the radio music is forgettable (game's soundtrack during missions is great though) and Aiden Pearce isn't that interesting (though fun to play as). Anyway, great game! 8/10"
,Recommended,243470,10736872,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Ahri Safari,"If GTA had better graphics, was less funny, and you were a hacker instead of a depraved criminal...it would be Watch Dogs."
,Recommended,243470,10308113,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Vizkos,"Before I progress into my review, note that I have a ""high end"" machine, so lag is not an issue for me.  I have read numerous reviews of people experiencing graphical performance issues, crashes, etc (more notably with AMD cards).  I have experienced none of those.  I am able to play on Ultra with no noticeable frame-rate loss and no muddy controls (perhaps I'm used to the mouse movement of the latest Splinter-Cell games?).Specs:Intel Core i7-4770KEVGA GTX 780GSkill Ripjaws 16GB256GB Samsung Pro SSDAfter suffering from some initial woes on launch day (I was one of the lucky ones to get into UPlay after ~15 minutes of waiting) this game is pretty fun.  The story is a bit slow to start out, but once it gets going (probably about 3 hours in if you're playing the story only) it starts to get interesting.  I often found myself getting distracted by all of the side missions that are detected by your ""profiler"" in the game.  In retrospect, doing an insane amount of these side missions has overprepared me for the story, because the story seems easy compared to some of the side missions I had to do.  That being said, most of the side missions have a typical formula of:Pick one (kill one/two guys in a convoy of cars and kill/escape the others, identify a target in a restricted area full of enemies via cameras of your phone - melee said target - then kill/escape the others in the area, take a series of cars from point A to point B while taking minimal damage, identify target in a restricted area - hack them to get access code - use access code to hack a mainframe and be presented with a puzzle - kill others or sneak out of area, among others).  Each one presents its own challenge due to the environment you are in, but they are all essentially the same -- what I've come to expect from side mission filler.  The main story missions have similar mechanics, but tend to be more difficult.  Where the game really shines in my opinion is the hacking that is present.  Say I elect to take the route of escaping enemies in one of the scenarios above, I don't have to just outrun them, I can also take them out by raising metal bars, messing with stop lights, etc.  The variability in the typical open-world gameplay is an intriguing twist.Hacking people is fun too.  I can be a bit of a money grubber, so I often found myself running around hacking people, getting money, and upgrading to the best weapons early.  This is a small novelty that adds to the overall experience.  If you hack the wrong target though, you get a bounty placed on you.  This bounty is then updated on Ubisoft's servers, and people who are looking for an online target to hack will be invading your game more often the higher your bounty is.  When this happens, you get a notification and then attempt to find the hacker in a set area.  You also have the ability to invade other's games if you so choose.  This experience is exhilarating, because people are quite unique in their play styles to evade you.  Hide in a car?  Blend in with some random people talking?  Run around a building to avoid your target as they approach?  The possibilities are endless for evasion and how to locate someone trying to evade.  I recall one time where I found my hacker, he tried to flee in a car, I raised metal beams to stop him, he tries to reverse and take off, but there is only one way out straight back, I take my time lining up a sniper shot while he backs up, and boom.  There are other activities too that I have not messed around with yet.The driving initially caught me off guard and is pretty wonky.  For example, some cars accelerate very fast and spin out, its hard to turn, etc.  I initially thought ""jeez GTA's handing is way better"", but I then started to realize that, in a way, Watch Dogs' handing is more realistic.  Duh if you slam on the gas you'll spin out, of course if you try to turn while speeding without slowing down greatly you'll fail miserably, etc.  So while its different and takes getting used to, doesn't mean its bad.  One complaint I have is that it takes an insane amount of damage to ruin a car, and there is a skill that can further increase the damage required.  So I can be as reckless as I want while driving, but at the same time, I cannot ram people's cars into submission.All in all the game is pretty fun, and it seems to take a special kind of person to like it.  Unfortunately, I feel too many people are comparing it directly to Grand Theft Auto V and judging it based on UPlay's woes, graphical prowess downsizing, among other reasons.  I would expect it to be obvious that if you go into this game expecting GTA, you'd be slightly disappointed.  I have been guilty of this in the past personally;  I started playing Dishonored expecting Assassin's Creed, and when it was pretty different, I stopped playing the game for awhile, but eventually went back to it and appreciated it for what it was."
,Recommended,243470,10761939,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Phoenix,"They made some mistakes along the way, but the story made up for it. The story is just brilliant"
,Recommended,243470,10765974,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,[AE] FireShot011,This game is badass. What else could be better than hacking people with a cell phone and destroying everything with a one shot sniper rifle?
,Recommended,243470,10753186,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Syl,"Hacked a guy's phone text conversation.Weird cybering ensues.Felt urge to fap.Pretty good game, couldn't be bothered to play the main storyline. The chick in it would bang 10/10"
76561198128822447,Recommended,243470,10756715,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,UNBELIEVABLY GAY,"Since everyone insists on this one particular observation, I wanted to give my quick thought on the matter.No, Watch_Dogs doesn't live up to the hype. But, to be fair, the f**king apocalypse doesn't have as much hype going for it as this game did. For some reason, people have this funny tendency of letting their expectation be sky rocketed by those around them without considering the possibility that they should make up their own mind first as to whether something is really for them.The overall game was delightfully addicting from my perspective, with a playful and open sandbox with fun little tid bits to find and a good amount of improvisations when doing missions. It almost reminded me of Farcry 3 with how you can plan things out and occasionally make snap decisions on the spot when things might make a small slip up. The characters were pretty fun, though I was slightly bothered by the fact that the main character really doesn't have much of a story arc, despite that game flatout insisting towards the end of the story that he does. True, the hacking could've been a little more in depth but I played this game for over 50 hours in just the first week so clearly I didn't have as much of a problem with it as I thought I did. Admittedly, the online functions could be pretty broken, with the competetive mode feeling like a match of Combat Arms. The story wasn't anything special but the writing was compelling enough that it kept me interested till the very end.Would I recommend? Only if the word ""hype"" doesn't regularly pop into your vocabulary.But personally I loved it."
,Recommended,243470,10757174,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,ZWateryarse,Don't get this game on PC because it uses Uplay and Uplay is F*****g S*****g C**p and dosent work
76561198098817491,Recommended,243470,10748827,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Grimlord XVII,"Is a good game, once yu get past the UbiShit that comes with it. The lack of optimisation, the neccessity for UPlay, blah, blah. I'm sure you've heard all this by now, and if not, it won't be hard to find."
,Recommended,243470,10541413,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,XITheRookIX,"been playing the game on high settings with a gtx 660 ti (2gb version), 8 gb ddr3 ram and an I 5 quad core processorgame runs at 60-90 FPS and it allways stays within this rangehavent had a single problem yet and played it for a good timeive throughly enjoyed this game had no problems activating it, creating a Uplay account or even with te uplay rewards like the Gold desert eagle"
76561198005977586,Recommended,243470,10752122,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,MizterPink,It's GTA.....only Ubi's version.  They got so close.
,Recommended,243470,10752388,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,TBP Angelo,"Stole $3,000 from a homeless war veteran. 11/10 Would Hack Again."
,Not Recommended,243470,10803122,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,W3ST3RN INFID3L,"Overhyped, fails to deliver what was promised, boring gameplay, terrible driving mechanics, poor shooting/physics, city feels dull and lifeless, runs like a powerpoint slideshow on extremely high end gaming pc's and the killer.... It comes with Uplay..On the other hand.. i cant think of anything positive to say about it. Spend your hard earned cash on something more deserving, this is a huge and expensive disappointment."
,Recommended,243470,10805010,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,CalamityAndy,"Fantastic game, hideouts are very addictive much like Far Cry 3's outposts"
,Recommended,243470,10821031,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,rice,"This game is hardly what we were promised two years ago. That said, I'm a minority, in that I actually still enjoyed this game.Pros:- The Story, while cliche and formulaic, is still an enjoyable time for a variety of reasons.- I felt that the hacking made for a legitimately useful gameplay element. Yeah, it's completely unrealistic how it works, but I feel like actually using it in action was a fun way to change it up from a standard gun-toting free roam game.- The stealth was very well done. Beyond hacking things as a means of distraction, it was an enjoyable part of the game, and I would legitimately feel stressed when trying to slip past groups of enemies undetected.- The gunplay was pretty standard, but I say that in a good way. The weapons are relatively varied, and its easy to control and fun to experiment with, especially in stealth.God bless the silenced 1911.Cons:- This is probably the worst one. The car controls are absolutely terrible. No matter what car you drive, they all are far too slippery and are a hassle to control, especially with a mouse and keyboard.- Many of the characters in the story are given far too little backstory. Lucky Quinn, pratically the main antagonist of the entire game, is given about 5 or less scenes in the whole game. Same goes for many more characters. Their identities and roles in relation to previous story events are revealed much later than they should.- The physics are incredibly out of whack. Aiden's coat tends to twitch on occasions, the vehicles physics properties are ridiculous, the list goes on.- The world you're given to travel in is too small. It takes roughly 5 minutes to travel from one end to the other, sans water travel.Overall, though, I still don't hate the game. I can guarantee that this is not the best game I've ever played, nor will it ever be, but its enjoyable enough in certain aspects to where I can recommend it. However, for the love of god, wait for a price drop of some kind. 60 dollars is most definitely pushing it, especially for a game that could've been much more.Overall, I give it a 6.5/10."
,Recommended,243470,10821353,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Sylar,Great story. Great gameplay. Great game.
,Recommended,243470,10833063,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,HOTMOM69,ubisoft has out done themeslves with this excellent game. The shooting and aiming mechanics are top notch in the pc title. The game was clearly optimised for pcs only. It also backs a respectable reaslitic driving experience...........who am I kidding this game is like if I took duke nukem forever and had a shiter budget and added one and one togther.-20/10♥♥♥♥ u obisoft
,Not Recommended,243470,10258816,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,SamDeMan,"One question, who LIKES uplay?"
76561198017539088,Recommended,243470,10834039,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Anokii,Pretty cool - online hacking adds a fantastic mode..!!
76561197996888659,Recommended,243470,10814380,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,mnd8814,Amazing game and haven't stopped playing it even though I beat it before it was released to public
76561198015383177,Recommended,243470,10814826,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Druno,"Running through the town in single player, I noticed somebody other than myself was driving around like a maniac, at the same time, I recieved a phone notification that somebody was attempting to hack me. Okay, now its on. I nonchalantly follow the maniac and just as he reached 75% completion he drove over a man hole. The steam pipes under the road erupted and his car was launched through the air on fire into the side of a building. One of a kind game for one of a kind humor."
,Recommended,243470,10510796,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Norville Rodgers,mah fav part is tha doges 10/10
,Not Recommended,243470,10248320,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,tibatoes,"Decent game, bad port. That's all.(I do feel that I pressed 'Q' way too much though)"
76561198086696409,Recommended,243470,10817856,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,dannyboy,Fun Game kinda like gtav but a little better
76561198078347121,Recommended,243470,10818039,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Moist Oyster,Great Fun!
,Recommended,243470,10818432,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,The Kush,"This game is very bitter sweet. From the extreme hype Ubisoft built up during the 2012 E3 demo all the way to release, its very dissapointing. The huge issue was the major graphical downgrade due to Ubisoft claiming they want a even gameplay experience across all platforms. On PC, it is still unoptimized a bit and there is only one patch since release date so theres no telling what theyre doing to fix the game. But the gameplay doesnt dissapoint. From hacking almost every electric entity all over chicago, doing very fun shootouts and stealthing your way and doing scilent takedowns, and the awsome wide skill tree and progression list, this keeps the player playing for a while. The story which i expected to be average was average, nothing very emotional. Aiden is kinda boring, but all of the other characters such as his fixer Jordi Chin is so funny. Multiplayer is fun especially the decryption combat which is like a control point gamemode only that you must hold it on your guy. But after  the story, it does get a bit boring and since modding hasnt really been brought up in this game, its hard to tell its future, but just like any other Ubisoft game, theyre gonna make a sequel. So my score is a 6.5-7.5/10. Only get it on sale and beware of ************************UPLAY UPLAY UPLAY UPLAY UPLAY UPLAY UPLAY UPLAY UPLAY****************************************"
76561198021047013,Recommended,243470,10818958,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Gumbledore,Sweet game. Lucky not to get any of the serious performance issues.
,Recommended,243470,10819364,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,System_Smoke,Amazing game if you like GTA and Assasins Creed you will love this game.
,Recommended,243470,10819783,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Bus Rider,"Its a lot of fun, but in no way as good as GTA  the story line isnt as good.  Only vehicles are cars / trucks - no planes and helicopters.  Still recommend tho, maybe get it on sale?"
76561198032598995,Recommended,243470,10807372,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Ixarken,"Stole money from random citizens bank accounts, bought a super car and came late to my nephews birthday!10 out of 10 Like batman but with hacks!"
,Recommended,243470,10808022,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,themerotes,"Great game, lots to do, fun missions, hacking is lots of fun, map not quite as good as Los Santos but more detailed interiers and dark alley and theres loads more to do on every street corner. Driving is good but not great, shooting is great and the phone hacking is a great bonus and the graphic are great for an open world game just a slightly unrelistic design outside the city just doesnt feel as open as los santos oh and there are invisible walls but definatley 9 out of 10 without a doubt."
,Recommended,243470,10808351,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Evuljeenius,"Fun game, especially like the cyberpunk style.  However I found it a bit easy, only had trouble with 1 mission near the end and the ending is a bit of a let down.  Don't be put off by E3 effects being disabled as it still looks awesome."
,Not Recommended,243470,10808760,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,FearTheEgg,Honestly I don't know if this game is good or not. I never really got to play it. I kept getting a crash when I hit new game. I contacted Ubisofts tech support and the basically said sorry we can't help you. This is the last game I will ever purchase from Ubisoft. I will never support them in anyway shape or form.
,Recommended,243470,10811168,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,BeShiek,"Watch_Dogs is a game which had more hype than it could handle. It's a solid game. The hacking is a cool gimmick, but most of the common hacks are mere button presses. It's story is alright, nothing spectacular. The only real flaw is that you have to use Uplay. It's essentially a modern day Assassin's Creed. If you're into Assassin's Creed, you'll probably like Watch_Dogs."
,Not Recommended,243470,10811154,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Ekziro,"This game is unfortunately unplayable currently (in my experience). There are numerous inexplicable framerate issues that cause massive control lag. This occurs on any graphical settings combination, and this isn't the only problem this port suffers. I have tried everything I can to get the game to run in a playable state, to no avail, and the recent patch actually made things worse, I honestly feel like I've been scammed."
76561197992658802,Not Recommended,243470,10762109,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Flarup,Boring!
76561198049403308,Recommended,243470,10419984,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Jumbonosich,"I play it on ultrahd monitor, with a mac pro with 2 d500. High level of detail and textures= 60 fps. With some tweak.it is a 5500 euro machine! the game require an high end machine.The free roaming is entertaining but I am trying to understand how to get to the core of the story, maybe I need a manual..."
76561198128847468,Not Recommended,243470,10420045,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,MISC-FREELANCER,"well, I can only say this really should call lagging dog."
,Not Recommended,243470,10420050,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Kobura v4.0,"This game would be even better if it didn't crash 90% of the time at startup (thanks Uplay), and didn't have random walls and glitches appear everywhere. I'm sure once all that is fixed (wishful thinking) it'll be a moderately interesting game.We can dream can't we?"
,Recommended,243470,10420194,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Exquisite,"Very good game despite VERY few stuttering issues, the gameplay is supurb, good story. The only trife I really have is, is that I've encountered the ""Loading screen stuck at 90%"" bug. So I am forced to wait for a patch to continue playing."
,Recommended,243470,10420383,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,{HomeSlice},This is awesome game
76561197990114173,Not Recommended,243470,10420497,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Spacemonk1620,"Watch_Dogs is a game I want to like but just can't seem to care about.It is good if taken in small doses but their is nothing really to drag you in.Negative points: It is really trying to be like every other open world game but not really doing any of it well. A free-run mode but no jump button? One button hacks that just are gimmicky at best (hacking grenades? really?). Horrible driving, forgettable story, uninteresting characters, simple puzzles (both environmental and when there is an actual hack), sad pop in distances and a general sense that you are in playing a lifeless game makes this title one not worth recommending.Positive points: It is trying to put together a formula that could be the next standard in open world games but fails this time around, it looks amazing (at least maxed out), it has a different though not new take on multiplayer and lastly it isn't a broken game, it just needs some more development to get the immersion elements down.If you like open world games and don't expect much from this one you could have fun with it, just pick it up on sale and save yourself some money, their are better titles worth playing or even replaying.I wish there was a neutral button but since there is not one I have to thumbs down this game."
76561197980601957,Not Recommended,243470,10420865,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Red Light,60€ and is impossible to lunch with my graphic card...no words at all.....
,Not Recommended,243470,10421101,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Chazzy,The game is completely unoptimized for the computer
,Recommended,243470,10421608,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,celeste_ar,"I will keep it short:It may have not lived up to the hype, but boy did i have some fun 60 hours."
76561198003988085,Not Recommended,243470,10421620,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Orbital667,"An abhorrent piece of crap with unredeemable technical issues.  Even on the lowest settings, my i7 960 / gtx 580 suffer unplayable stutter and framerate drops.  At night the lighting renders the game all but unplayable.  Yet again the end consumer plays the role of PAYING beta tester, with promises of fixes coming sans any committed release date.   I don't usually go out of my way to deride a game for technical issues, but this one was simply unacceptable.  I will certainly not be purchasing future Ubisoft titles until they are offered at a significant discount, with all technical issues resolved FIRST.  Lesson learned.You can hem and haw about ""you should have read the requirements"" all you'd like, but the bottom line is that my rig puts out a steady 40-50 fps in crysis 1, 2 and 3 in in ultra settings, and those games have superior graphics and scope, while being based on 'last gen' tech, and this game has the comparable visual fidelity of an early 2000's GTA title.  There is no justification or excuse for this sort of a thing.  Buyer beware."
76561198027399924,Not Recommended,243470,10421849,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Ikea Shotgun,"The stealth sections are increadibly frustrating, if you get spotted for even a second you have to restart the mission, and most of the time it's impossible to know you'll be spotted in a specific place until it's too late, so most of the stealth is just tedious trial and error.The amount time you have to spend re-doing sections every time you fail is insane, checkpoints are too far apart and more importantly they're often placed before long pieces of dialog so you have to listen to those over and over until you luck out and get it right."
76561198051794849,Not Recommended,243470,10422534,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,SpenceNye,Total♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ off
,Not Recommended,243470,10422561,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Hades,"Its key layout is horrible, very buggy and laggy. It was released way to early!"
,Not Recommended,243470,10423566,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Dick Machinko,don't ♥♥♥♥ing buy this game
76561197982543052,Not Recommended,243470,10423663,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Kaash,Wait till it 15$ not worth it... bad driving... bad aim... bad hitbox... storyline is good... multiplayer... cant play with friend? gratz ubi
,Not Recommended,243470,10423664,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,[ATG] Sandvich,"Game crashes way too much, even when I put my settings under the recommended settings for my set up. Waste of 60$."
76561198057540657,Not Recommended,243470,10424881,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Cloud,"Assassin's creed 5 or 6, or whatever. Boring."
,Not Recommended,243470,10413047,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Wickedman_,Why is ubisoft using uplay STOP USING IT!!! And boy I regret getting this game whenever i start the game by continue it loads for a while and crashes infront of me my computer screen even turns off and it won't turn back on hopefully Ubidoft will have some common sense and patch this crap.
76561197972177860,Recommended,243470,10427047,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,trailer trash,"I really like the game, looks really good.  I'm not sure what all the bad reviews are for I think its really good but I'm a fan of most of UBI stuff.I've been reading a lot of reviews where people are saying that the game is crashing so here is a little tip in case you guys don't know....This is a DirectX 11 game and DX11 games DO NOT PLAY WELL WITH OVER CLOCKED VIDEO CARDS!!!!!  Under clock your card to reference speeds and you will find out that all your directx 11 games will run faster and should quit crashing on you every 10 minutes or so.Hope that helps some of your guys having issues out there.My rig....Runs WD at ultra settings and it has not crashed on me yet!AMD Phenom II X68 GIG CRUCIAL RAMNVidia GTX 670 4GB (Galaxy OC'd Card)"
76561198009418564,Not Recommended,243470,10427679,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,DeadSpot,The PC issues ruined the game for me ..
76561198002501620,Not Recommended,243470,10386926,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,34 ThousandAli Prime,I would get my money back if i could.
,Not Recommended,243470,10387139,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Jack Bauer,Tried to hold out on getting this until all the crap was worked out but after putting about 15 hours into it on a friends xbox one I took the plunge. What a disaster. I can't even get to the main menu without it crashing. I would not recommend this game to anyone until uibisoft gets their♥♥♥♥♥♥together. Pathetic
76561197989130632,Recommended,243470,10387365,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Morpheus,This game is probably the biggest steaming pile ever. If I turn down all settings to minimal and run at 30 fps I can play it stable although it looks like GTA 4 on Xbox 360. There are a ton of other people also with high end systems who can't run this game smoothly. Wait for a patch if not skip this game entirely.
76561198119380960,Recommended,243470,10387438,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,lawn_trimmings_and_pool_noodles,vhdtg
,Recommended,243470,10387599,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Adrina,Quickly start to feel repetitive. Flat characters that you never really care for. Main story was disappointingly short. UI felt a bit clunky. Sneaking felt dumbed down. Sound and music is very nice and the Graphics was decent (on my seasoned GeForce). The idea is great but too simple. Puzzles never really offer a challenge. It is not a game I feel like I want to invest my time in beyond the base game.
76561198071646968,Recommended,243470,10387702,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,xceptionzero,Like GTA? You will probably like this. The gaphics are impressive. The car mechanics are kinda squidgy and feel disjointed. Is it worth over£30....no. Wish i waited a year for a good deal
76561198032082311,Recommended,243470,10388020,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Salty Johnson,"Wish it ran a little better, and the controls were less terrible, but the storyline is great!"
,Not Recommended,243470,10341880,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Liyate2,"Gets boring after a while, and crashes every once and a while, for all of you wondering after looking the at the other reviews ""Can I play this game?"", as long as you have 8 gigabytes of ram, or more, and any graphics card (even integrated/what I used) you will be able to play it."
76561198056260701,Not Recommended,243470,10342317,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Goldi,This game crashes at start can't even play it.
,Recommended,243470,10342508,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Balraw,A well fleshed out open world story based game that I enjoyed a lot.  Plenty of things to do and ways to do them besides playing through the story arc.  The setting of a fictionalised Chicago seems pretty good to me and is full of atmopheric touches (bearing in mind the nearest I have been to the place is a movie :-) )I have only dabbled in the multiplayer but what I have seen is an interesting take and tries to offer something a little more than shoot the other person in the face. If only it connected to the servers a little more reliably then it would be up there with the best of them.From my own play through I had little to no issue running this game with most things maxed out (with the expection of shadows which I dropped to high) but as others have made clear loudly and obnoxiously that is not the case for everyone so your milage may vary.Personally I would recommend the game based on my own playthrough and overall experience. Happy hacking :-)
,Recommended,243470,10342523,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Chrisspy,Great game for anyone who is interested in an action-packed thriller with a great story and graphics. reminded me of the old times playing inFamous on the Playstation as a child 10/10.
,Recommended,243470,10342649,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,DG| Xearon,"I am not normally a fan of the GTA style games, but I have over 35 hours into this game and have been thoroughly enjoying it so far. The gameplay is very entertaining."
76561198008730707,Recommended,243470,10267132,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Veggisen94,"Have put some time into this game, and pre-ordered it because i upgraded to a AMD R9 280X GPU.Game boots up and take whopping 3GB of RAM!!!! This i can live with (got 16GB RAM) and the city offers loads of hackable\interactive enviroment (Which may be the reason why it is this heavy on the RAM).Positives:Big city - Interactive enviroment - Looks visually appealing - Stealth or Gunplay - Killing civs grants negative ""fame""Negatives:Fps drop - Cutscenes freezes and glitches - Driving mechanic is worse than Sleeping Dogs (Dogs cant drive!) - Little customization to guns\vehicles\appearance - Suddenly stuck running in one direction - A bit to much media hype?The folks giving this game a 10\10 and full score etc etc does so in blindness.This game requires some damn optimization as the frames is sporadic, the driving which is a big part of getting around is ♥♥♥♥ing hopeless. You accelerate with smoking tyres and turning left\right ends up with the car shooting off into that direction with little control.One can talk long about its mishaps and rough edges, although it tries to be a GTA competitor, it kind of fails and i would give a 6\10, maybe bump it up to 7 or 8\10 if the Frames gets fixed, as that is my biggest issue to date."
,Not Recommended,243470,10346767,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Madoc,Can't even play the game. It crashes every time on the first loading screen.
,Recommended,243470,10347687,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Evo.Abusharaf,very cool game
,Not Recommended,243470,10348075,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Sporkmonger,"Just horrible. Complete♥♥♥♥♥♥and utterly unplayable. I have a $1k graphics card and the performance on it is terrible. They didn't optimize this game at all and it's full of weird graphical glitches, particularly in the shaders. Like you'll see car tail lights superimposed over everything in the game or everything will randomly flash pink, etc. And especially while driving you'll get FPS lag spikes where the whole game suddenly goes from 15 FPS to 1 FPS for a second and then resumes after you've run over 12 pedestrians and blown out your engine. The hacking aspect that's the core draw for the game isn't really that fun either. Yay! I hit Q and something blew up! Fun the first couple times, but gets really old, really fast. This game could have been 'OK' at best if they'd gotten everything right. But they didn't, and so instead of being just 'OK', it's a horrible example of an officially released game that still feels like Early Access."
76561198072769266,Recommended,243470,10348125,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,MA MAN!,amazing story no boring levels. just bacon
76561198067746442,Recommended,243470,10348364,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Lazy!!!,"i recomend waiting for a sale (if one ever happens) not worth £40 but ""good"" game altogether story is fantastic thought i had to play it all on only high texture quality as ultra is completely unoptimized and i was looking forward to playing on the ""online hacking"" yet i spent most of the time offline since i couldnt access online but even so looks great even though i couldnt choose it to look better but i feel most of this is to blame on consoles ... as they focused on the ps4 so they dulled thegraphics for what looked amazing at e3 to .. well ... this :/ the characters are portrayed gretly throughout about 24 hours of story ( i didnt speed through) and the digital trips are like different games upon themselves ."
,Recommended,243470,10348513,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,UCBarkeeper,"If you expect GTA, dont buy it.Its fun to play for some hours, but it gets boring pretty fast."
,Recommended,243470,10348640,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,💷💷💷💷💷,"After 2 days of Ucan'tplay difficulties, a few .ini edits to fix graphical bugs/remove mouse smoothing, I can safely say that WatchDogs is overhyped, yet still an enjoyable experience. The main ""Hype Factor"" for me was the online cross-platform gameplay, which is pretty awful in its current form. maybe a future patch will fix everything? Framerate wise, this game runs pretty well on med-high setting on my 270X. Stuttering issues exist, but don't make the game unplayable. An upcoming patch will hopefully smooth this one out.This game plays like GTA 4/SR 3, is not very difficult, but has an engaging story.My advice: Wait for a few major bugfix patches, and then pick this one up on sale, if only for the campaign."
,Recommended,243470,10466235,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,........,awesome recomended to anyone who plays gta
76561198006532565,Recommended,243470,10466824,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,hosebeast42,"I was categorically on the fence about this game-- and now, I am not even remotely caring about when GTA V comes out- sure, it'll be interesting in its own right- but the complexity and sheer fun I am having with this game just can't be beat. Trying to describe all the features is pointless as that would take pages upon pages. Not just that, but the nuanced reactions of NPC s for example, the detail in the envirionment - it just fascinates me. I'll often just stand on the virtual corner, watching the population go by-all unique, all interesting. I suppose if you wanted to be a jackass in this game, you certainly have the tools. But the invitation to be a good guy is one I took and enjoy- and if you want a challenge that's it. There's nothing like dodging a hail of gunfire while trying to avoid killing civillians if you want difficult. The only thing I'd do different is have the ability to do more good in the game. You see an NPC with no luck and no money- it'd be nice to be able to just gift them somehow. To buy somebody a car. To get them a job or a house and see the reaction. Some would call that silly, but I think it would be rewarding and make the game even better.  I love being able to break up crimes and you'll constantly be called on to do that. And for all those that dissed the game for having to shoot so much-- you really don't have to take that option as it is no exageration to say there are a myriad number of ways to take on any situation in the game. This game was worth the wait and I can give a rare recomendation that I would pay full price for it. This is also one of the rare times I would not agree with the Kotaku review, which I am amazed came down on it like they did"
76561198004193455,Not Recommended,243470,10421662,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Bobcat,"This game is hard to get into playing.  Thought it would be better, but no.  When you are about to go into a mission it pulls you to some remote place for someone online to kill you.  Takes a long time to get back to that mission.If you're gun if drawn they constantly calls the cops.  I went through a mission ""eliminating any threats,"" and I pulled out my weapon after and that's when a bystander decides to call in, not the whole shooting time.If you want a great game try Max Payne 3 or Bioshock Infinite."
76561198125907450,Not Recommended,243470,10467075,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,olclarke16,sucks
,Recommended,243470,10467281,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Gran,"Awesome gameplay, Nice graphics.Story wise I personally don't think it was very good but still alot of gameplay along with DLC's this game is worth it.8/10"
76561198081000066,Recommended,243470,10467854,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,★Fiinnz™☆,♥♥♥♥ya
,Recommended,243470,10470762,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,STRESS,FUNNY ;)
76561198037248252,Recommended,243470,10470971,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Beagle of Evil,Hold X (Q) for beeps!
,Recommended,243470,10471094,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Dougie Jones,"This game is fun, but it has a fair share of flaws. Gun combat and hacking are fun and the game looks great (even if it's not what Ubisoft promised us), but a lot drags it down. The side missions are terrible, driving is some of the worst I've seen in a game, most of the characters are boring, and the story is generic. The side missions give you no sense of reward other than a check on your progression wheel, and after doing about 8 of them I stopped altogether. It took me a little over 31 hours to complete the game on Realistic with a few hours exploring and some side missions. I'd wager the main story took me about 20 hours. Hard or Realistic is probably what you should play on as you're going to find it too short on Easy and Normal. Overall I'd recommend it."
,Recommended,243470,10471600,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Muhvi - Mhvi,"Game is basicly GTA with smaller map + hacking. Hacking is used to get money and most of the missions require some hacking. You hack information, open doors and active different kinds of traps/equipment.One thing that really bothered me was the controls. They were mostly OK, but every now and then they just got you killed. Then there is the thing that you are unable to look upwards much if you don't have weapon out and on foot. Then you got police sniper helicopter which hover right above you. There is hack for these helicopters and you can shoot them away but it is very difficult because the controls really suck at looking upwards. Basicly you can't hack the helicopter from car or vehicle because you are unable to raise your look to the helicopter so you could hack it. And even when on foot, the controls suck at things like these so extreme suckyness ensues.Furthermore, i mostly played so that i didn't kill civilians much or only by accidents. But it took off some of the immersion as the police just shoots away when they get to you and they probably killed 10x or 100x the civilians i did in the chases by shooting them dead or running over them with vehicles. Nice cops."
76561198003265303,Not Recommended,243470,10471688,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,LLJK BurntCornMuffin,It's been two weeks since launch and I'm still stuck on the second mission where I have to keep the program from crashing when I start a new game.
76561198067785746,Recommended,243470,10472569,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,São Gaben,"The game itself is awesome, i liked all the missions and the freedom you have of how to do then.If you don't mind having to deal with uPlay (which is ♥♥♥♥♥♥ as hell), yhen you should buy it"
76561198076274171,Not Recommended,243470,10473011,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Bubba Boken,Glitchy and unresponsive. The game is just not well put together.Very disapointed.
76561198063396787,Not Recommended,243470,10496272,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,AhhCmon,Awful game
,Recommended,243470,10496548,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,The_Smartass,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this game man.. Its too fun.. I mean like ♥♥♥♥ the small bugs and all but holy♥♥♥♥♥♥is the game fun. And Jesus christ when you add in that mod to make it look sexy I practically came in my pants.. Dont believe me? Go to the link. Screw any negative comments about this game. It is WORTH the money. I think I just might buy the season pass.http://forums.guru3d.com/showthread.php?t=390114
76561198018018482,Not Recommended,243470,10496604,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Luiz Cunha,This game sucks!
76561198120567516,Recommended,243470,10489033,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Cosmic_Avenger,"ive had this crashing and fps issue with AC black flag but those issues were easily solved on my system. However, with Watch_Dogs, i have tried absolutely everything and nothing works. its not the system requirements, its the actual game. if Ubisoft reads these posts, please fix asap. people are getting very frustrated."
,Not Recommended,243470,10496835,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Munch,Dat game ...
76561198060392510,Recommended,243470,10497029,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Centrus,.
76561197965281877,Not Recommended,243470,10498573,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,BitterDan,Basically unplayable until they release a patch.For the little amount I did get to play I was not impressed either by graphics or gameplay. The novelty of invading peoples' privacy wore off quick and it basically becomes GTAV with puzzles. I would not recommend this game.
,Not Recommended,243470,10499049,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Pyro411,"Pros:Unique gameplay with seamless migration from single player to multiplayerNice Puzzle Element to go with the stealth & shooter aspectsInteresting feature of being able to interact with mobile phone players while in game & vise versa.Cons:Resource hog -- aparently tweaks to the configuration file will get it to the E3 Demo quality & lower system resource usage, waiting on the configuration file alterations to mature before applyingFlat 2 dimensional lead characterDificult controls for driving unless you use a gamepad -- all cars seem to handle the sameUplay SUXVoting No on recommend until the game matures a bit."
,Recommended,243470,10499262,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,ynottony,AWESOME
,Not Recommended,243470,10499596,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,PCaramuru,"Found a game with a shitier netcode than BF4, shitier ending than Mass Effect 3 and shitier character than... well, pick a game."
,Not Recommended,243470,10494789,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,mythicfox,"To get it out of the way, there are two things about the game that stand out as stuff I liked.First, the hacking abilities that let you manipulate your environment as you go through the game (and, in the more difficult missions, can be turned against you) present an interesting gameplay experience that definitely takes this beyond the typical open-world GTA clone. They add a new dimension to a lot of the action and gameplay sequences, with one or two negative outliers (the ability to disable helicopters, for instance, is nigh-useless -- 99 times out of 100, you'll never be able to get a good enough visual angle on a helicopter to use it).Second, the developers have done a lovely job of creating a living, breathing city. From NPCs to traffic to in-game stores, it really does feel like a city people are living in.But the game's got issues, and I personally found those issues frustrating enough that I have to give a 'no' on recommending this game (especially at MSRP). I'm really not qualified to pretend I can talk about technical stuff, so I'm going to skip that. My biggest issues are with the story and characters.Aiden Pearce is the most boring, generic, unlikeable, bland, anti-hero ever. You could feed Rob Liefeld some Taco Bell and a half hour later he'd accidentally make four or five more interesting generic anti-heroes. Aiden doesn't actually have a personality -- just a vague, non-specific rage and horrible dress sense. He's the least interesting character in the game. A few times in the narrative they try to spin this whole ""What is my quest for vengeance doing to me"" development arc (but at no point does Aiden actually develop as a character, he's just mad at some people and sorry to others for pretty much the whole time), but it really loses a lot of teeth when Aiden's agonizing over things the game made you do which could have easily just been played out in a cutscene. You're given no actual narrative choices except for one at the very end which doesn't seem to have any effect over anything but the dramatic dialogue as it fades to credits.Being generic and bland would be forgiveable if this were a game with character customization and they wanted to leave the personality vague. But it's not. Aiden's the avatar of boring scruffy white guys everywhere. In the world of Watch_Dogs, there are no women who aren't victims (yes, includingClara, person-who's-already-playing-the-game), no people of color who don't try to kill you at some point. Now, it's kind of a noir-ish story so there aren't a lot of good guys anyways, but everyone who's on Aiden's side (not counting threats or blackmail) is so white I'm surprised there aren't any albinos.And the actual story campaign is hackneyed and trite in any case. Let me sum up the entire plot: ""Aiden's hunting the people who killed his niece because of crime gone wrong. A rival (also targeted after said crime gone wrong) holds his sister hostage to get him to follow up on a lead that ultimately benefits said rival. Aiden follows up on the lead, collects a macguffin... and then over half the story is himnotactually having it after all for some reason or another, forcing him to do a bunch of pointless crap that doesn't actually have any bearing on the larger story. He rescues his sister, gets his revenge, and arbitrarily does something really stupid so one of his sidekicks gets to die right in front of him in a disgustingly cheap attempt at pathos so he can get some more revenge on a guy he was going to kill anyways.""I finished the game, yes, but that's because by the time I had my ""Wait, is this all it's going to be for the rest of the game?"" moment I was about halfway through and at least wanted to say I got my money's worth in terms of gameplay. And the only way to really do that is to run through the ctOS Breaches, get the hideouts, and collect all of the audio logs (and hope you don't miss any of the ones hidden in missions that you can't repeat) because that's where the larger picture is. And it's a real shame the central narrative is so dry and pointless, because those audio logs reveal just how much potential is wasted in the setting. There's a lot of potentially juicy material that's skipped over for an arbitrarily convoluted revenge story.The game has its share of little annoyances (being constantly notified over every incident of premeditated street crime, for example), but the main character and story just suck so much that they're not even worth getting into. And there's no way to make any choices that actually matter in the game beyond a reputation meter that determines how often people call the cops when they see you. I'm not expecting branching storyline options, but even something like a blatant ripoff of the story choices in Saints Row 3 would have been enough to nudge this from a 'no' to a 'yes.'If you want to play this game, wait for it to go on sale. Or maybe wait and hold out hope that the inevitable sequels won't be wrapped up in one of the worst player-characters ever.Because there will be sequels. In the last part of the game, it becomes painfully clear that Watch_Dogs is just an origin story. They've created this bigger world of mystery and intrigue while you've been screwing around with a generic revenge story, setting up Aiden to become some borderline-superhero later on, with his six-year old niece as his personal Uncle Ben. Except he didn't learn any valuable lessons about power and responsibility. Just that if he's angry and humorless enough, he'll eventually get to beat all the♥♥♥♥♥he wants with no actual consequences."
,Recommended,243470,10501978,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,gtsaf0,"// This is PC only, who cares."
,Recommended,243470,10441433,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,xK1LLERxCOBRAx,"Great storyline and charactersa, i just wished there was more customization and vehicles and houses you could buy, as well as more things to do after the game"
76561198053535508,Recommended,243470,10441638,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Phiil,"The idea for the game is incredible, the missions etc, good ideas, new way to interact with the environment.the CONTROLS however... they seem to LAG like ♥♥♥♥ even changing from running left to right, its like a 1.5-2 second delay with almost everything i do, the mouse moving around the screen is even delayed. and yes i have tried maximum settings and minimal settings, its exactly the same and i have a very pricey laptop that is happy with Skyrim on ultra etc, never had problems with anything ever... the worst part of all of this is driving... the up arrow sends u full throttle only so u end up tapping ♥♥♥♥ing morse-code the whole dam time, forget ever riding a motorbike, then left and right are also VERY delayed in response which makes any high speed getaway extremely frustrating, there is also a little lag tick every few seconds which just ♥♥♥♥s everything right up. u tap right perfectly to avoid traffic, OH NO GUESS WHAT ITS LAG TIME I BELIEVE IM GOING TO DECIDE I NEVER SAW U HIT RIGHT, then u hit a tree and go from 150mph to 0mph and lose the mission. this happens with every movement of the game i dont know why its so dam frustratingly slow in everything it does but the delay in response has caused me bruised knuckles more than any other game, never have i destroyed so much♥♥♥♥♥♥from the aggrovation of it not performing properly. even in gun fights i have to use the slow mo or i cant ♥♥♥♥ing hit anyone cuz theres a 0.3second delay when moving ur mouse. when in missions sometimes ur in an area on the map and it forces u to walk so dam slowly, multiple times its me having to chase someone and im stuck in slo-mo walk and hes ♥♥♥♥ing running away.. im stuck casually strolling in his direction forced not to run and then its like ""hes getting away!"" -_____- seriously the most ♥♥♥♥ing frustrating game i ever played, i know there have been many issues even Nvidia were saying they were trying toaid the lag in PC version but still... cant believe i pre-ordered this.. its guna put me in anger management for sure...summed up, amazing game itself... but slowness and lag destroyed me ever wanting to play this for enjoyment.."
,Recommended,243470,10442047,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Moneytoast,Excelent game! Would recommend to anyone who enjoyed the Assassin's Creed Saga.
,Recommended,243470,10442064,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Sklirg,"This is a great game. With bad jokes, internet memes, cars, guns and a smartphone in an open world. What could go wrong?I think this image describes the game very well. Enjoy!https://imgur.com/3fS3jid"
76561198105508326,Not Recommended,243470,10428317,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Bubberducky,i cant write a review for Watch dogs because uplay SUCKS
,Recommended,243470,10428358,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Lekic,"Awesome game! You simply can't understand the gameplay from other peoples reviews/opinions. If you're a fan of the GTA play style with a little more drama and technology, then this is the game for you!"
76561198036681736,Not Recommended,243470,10428454,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Abraham,"This is a very over hyped game and I was severely disappointed with the quality. On high settings the draw distance is shorter than I can throw and the free roam is quite terrible. The story missions are ok, but the game does not live up to what it promised, a good experience. I feel very betrayed by Ubisoft and being a big fan and consumer of their products am extremely let down. I want a refund for this game, do not buy it."
76561198004801405,Recommended,243470,10428501,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Walker,"Yes... The Graphics aren't as sharp as E3... Yes, Nvidia are having issues trying to get back to back games working on same Graphic settings... using their own technology  (Mine use to drop to 10fps i7, GTX770, 16Gb DDR3 RAM... Turning off AA boosted up to 70-80FPS)... yes Uplay is naff and caused major issues when first releaseBut... Honestly I have enjoyed playing this game... It was refreshing take on an Open World compared to GTA... I didn't feel I had to spend my time going around and shooting people for fun... I spent time searching and using the ctOS system to get around without going in guns blazing... The story line was ok, it had one compared to GTA... Multiplayer is also is a nice change... being able to hack into someone elses game was different and fun, and I didn't feel I was having to choose like Assasins CreedI have enjoyed this game and hopefully Ubisoft & Nvidia sort out the Graphics issues which will make Chicago look Stunning and I hope you do too"
76561198016460690,Not Recommended,243470,10428670,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Naughty,"I have a pretty recent computer runnung on Windows 7 64 bits, an AMD Radeon HD 7080 graphic card and 8 gig of ram. After installing the latest AMD drivers and DirectX, setting the graphics to avergage on the game setup, I can't play for more of 2 or 3 min before the game freeze for no reason. I have 0 frame lag and the game doesn'T seem to take to much memory, but it's actually unplayable and it's very frustrating. I would advise anyone running the game and an AMD graphic card to wait for Ubisoft to patch the game."
,Not Recommended,243470,10428935,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,지오,"Great game, but not for PC."
76561198060859626,Not Recommended,243470,10429345,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,[Based]Shazaming,"♥♥♥♥♥ily optimized, only buy it if you have the best computer or else youll be on medium getting 30 frames tying a noose around your throat"
76561198073653945,Not Recommended,243470,10429458,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,ChristianDev,Absolutly buggy! Mouse sensetivity is changing depending on the screen your in.. They emulate an analoge stick using a mouse in a not working way. Selecting the language is not fully working (e.g. German Steam UI -> Game only offered in German but after switching to English Steam UI the game is suddently offered in several other languages).
76561198070816627,Recommended,243470,10430007,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,TheDeadlyDuckie,It's GTA with hacking. Cool concept and there is a good amount of enjoyment to be had.. 8/10.
,Not Recommended,243470,10430182,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,lichb0rn,"Performance issues, boring, ""plastic"" open world, monotonous quests, not next-gen graphics. Metascore speaks for itself."
76561198078109016,Recommended,243470,10310150,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,TheDreamKnight,"I recommend this game because it is a great game, not flawless but still fun to play, addictive side mission, the most important thing is you get nice reward for completing them, If you like free roaming, open world, action and stealth then this is for you."
76561197963893478,Recommended,243470,10255647,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,HAVANA6,this Game is pertty good a must have.
76561197966520402,Recommended,243470,10431076,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,crazy,"GAme lags or pauses for several moments for no reason. I hope upgrading my computer will help. With lowest settings it is unplayable with a core 2 duo 3ghz, 4 GB ram and geforce GTX 560"
,Not Recommended,243470,10431254,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Jebron Lames,
,Not Recommended,243470,10431500,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Th3WarHunter,"remove the uplay program all together and this game would run fine. but since the game runs with it, uplay doesn't work at all thus not allowing you to play the game. what im trying to say is........DON'T BUY THIS GAME!!!"
76561198014516323,Recommended,243470,10258015,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Pvt. Meat Shield ☮,"I really don't get some... most of the reviews I've seen so far. So a lot of people have been whiny SOBs because of Uplay. I had issues creating a new account and logging in but I had a feeling it was gonna happen. You take thousands of people trying to create a new account at the same time, things are going to play up. I stuck at it and got sorted in the end. All I'll say is maybe next time game developers tell people they need a 3rd party account so ya don't end up with a back log on launch day. Let people sort this out weeks leading up to it.As for crashes I've had none so far, game play has been smooth. Running a i5 with 8GB ram and Geforce GTX 760 (4GB), you need a computer with a lot of balls to run this game!Update:So about an hour or more in my computer starts to lag and my hard drive is going nuts. Had this before with another game. Something to do with the Cache, by resetting the computer Cache is reset. Short term fix.Update:After playing for some time now, I can't help but feel let down. Game isn't next gen like we were told, game play becomes repetitive very quick and memory leak still not fix. Once again I fell for the marketing and I feel robbed.Do I recommend this game... Yes but not at it current price."
76561197974602857,Not Recommended,243470,10432375,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Den-,"I paid £40 for the game almost 3 weeks ago. Have been able to play it for around 15 minutes total due to a bug which crashes the game at the loading screen. ubisoft have no solutions for the problem as of yet.... if i could get a refund through steam, i would."
,Recommended,243470,10432995,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,mr skeltal,"Most of the negative reviews are people just bashing ubisoft, but it's like nobody's really talking about the game itself.The controls are fluid, the aiming isn't terrible, the driving is a little hard to get used to, but it's still fun. The story is cliche, but Aiden isn't completely annoying with his monologues. It's basically grand theft auto with a smart phone and a conscience. A lot of the missions are pretty cool, and the online play is overall pretty fun. It's not a bad game. It's nowhere near game of the year, but it's still worth the money.The profiler is a great addition, and it brings a lot of NPCs to life. I distracted a guard by texting him about a source for child pornography, and he responded by saying ""14 is too old. Talk to me when you find some 10.""I'll close off this review with a joke a talking moose head told me in the game.""Two hunters had a plan: They put on a 2-man moose costume and blew a moose mating call to lure one over, jump out, and shoot it. ""Oh no,"" says the guy in the back legs, ""the zipper's stuck. What do we do?"" The guy in the front says ""Well I'm going to start nibbling grass, but you'd better brace yourself."""
,Recommended,243470,10250444,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,T24.Yameteh,"Here are my specs:i7 2.3ghzGt630m8gb ramI able to run the game at low or even med setting. Its just can run smoothly.This is the first game that I preorder, and I still haven't get disappointed by it ( currently finish Act 1)For the driving that everyonr complaint about. I didnt found it worst like everyone said, but i didnt enjoy the driving.Until now, I give it 9.8/10"
76561198014850745,Recommended,243470,10250589,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,DemunGod,"So far this game is like any other open world game except for the hacking.  You get a safehouse, you can do a bunch of side missions, you drive around, and you have the main campaign mission.  The hacking is pretty cool once u get used to what you are doing.  The single player campaign mission so far is really good and that whats i buy the games for. As for MP theres an option is your menu to turn off online invasions so you can play peacefully and by yourself.  Im not a MP type of person so I cant comment on the MP.  As for the graphics, they are pretty good.  I dont know why some people are complaining about not being able to play the game because of freezing and stuff, thats  their own pc problem.  I played 5 hrs perfectly fine with a GTX760 FTW on ultra graphics and had no skipping and everything played fine, no crashing or none of that.So far as much as I played the game and got into it I would rate the game a 8.5/10 and thats mainly because how good I liked the SP story and the graphics and gameplay. If you like openworld games like GTA and such this would be a game for you.  Ubisoft always makes good sp games that have great stories to me.  Good Luck"
,Recommended,243470,10250629,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Valrion,"Don't hesitate, buy it now. You won't regret a thing!Most fun i've had in a long time.  After you get past the starting area, you become open to getting hacked at any point in time during play.  I was buying outfits once, minding my own business when someone started an attack on me. Found them but they were in a car got away.Another time I had hacked someone, hugged the wall of a building they ran past me several times and when the bar was 98% complete (100% = Victory obviously.)  they stood right infront of me and somehow still didn't see me till I had won the match.The campaign is intense, even in the early parts if you try for stealth approach only (which is what I do)10/10 Will play this game for a long time, it lived up to the hype.----Random but an issue i had when i first installedIf you get an error that says ""this requires vista service pack 1 to play.""This is how you fix said problem:Simple fix all.Go to: C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Watch_Dogs\binOr wherever it is installed.Right click the Watch_Dogs Application and click properties.Choose CampatibiltyClick the campatibilty box and choose Vista SP1Start the game and have fun!"
,Recommended,243470,10250783,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Shotgun,It's pretty fun. Only bad thing is that the game crashes pretty frequently.
,Recommended,243470,10250901,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Daniel,Hacking.
76561198099801263,Recommended,243470,10251246,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Vurthious,"This is seriously a good game , while playing it i ask myself am i really playing this game?:D everything about it is amazing you can hack anyone's personal Life but not instantly as you need to advance in the game i guess to do so, IF YOUR HAVING FPS PROBLEMS AND CRASHES then make sure your running the recomanded settings, the 3.40Ghz Intel and 3GB of Video card is required for ULTRA Settings , i got an AMDR290X and Intel 4770 3.40Ghz and its doing great cant compalin abou thatWorth the 59$ , should of been for 99$ the game is amazing"
76561197970722494,Recommended,243470,10251308,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Roysome,"AMD Phenom II X6 1100AMD Radeon 79708GB RAMGame runs okay could be smoother, not experiencing any crashes or long load timesGame is similar to assassins creed whereas a selection of side missions and a main one, it will get boring eventually like any game does.I love the concept of the game and I appriciate the effort that was put in to make it.GTAV isn't out on pc so I wouldn't begin to try and compare the two as I haven't played it.Overall I'd get it, if you don't like the price, just wait for it to drop."
,Recommended,243470,10251394,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Paaaw,"Got the requirements but still cannot start the game... kinda bad... i have windows 7 ultimate, but it sais i need Windows Vista SP1 or higher? WTF is that?... anyone can help?"
,Recommended,243470,10251556,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Bananasmeow,"I like the game a lot, but problems are happening that I cant even control in game. Say i hack something or get hit by a car. my guy just pulls his gun out and starts unloading the whole clip. then repeats himself till im out of bullets.. Now i understand the game is going to be buggy. but i cant do anything because of this.. kind of sucks i just dropped $60 dollars and I cant even enjoy the game on my day off.."
76561198010612168,Recommended,243470,10251593,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,zerb,GTA meets Steve Jobs. Fantastic game.
76561198042037294,Recommended,243470,10251770,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,ClockWorkWilly,Not bad its what i expected!Nice runs well and i havent found a bug yet :Dif you like hacking and the feel of AC and GTA well worth getting into.
,Recommended,243470,10251957,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Tim,good
,Recommended,243470,10252076,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,RevrsCountrBluff,"I have almost finished Act 1 of the campaign as of when i am typing this review. Im reading many comments about some people not being able to run it well with pretty good pc parts. I have not encountered any crashes yet and the game is running great on my pc using an intel i3-4130 and a gtx 660 SC even when recording it for my YT channel.Watch dogs has many things to do besides the campaign, there is mini games, side missions and multiplayer. Watch dogs is very fun for sure and I love the combat in the missions and using your surroundings to your advantage. The only thing that I found that my PC struggled with was sometimes I'd drop big frames while driving fast. Ubisoft also has a sense of humor, when profiling some people on the street, it says some really hilarious stuff such as ""sexually atracted to musical instruments"" for one guy XD.I reccomend Watch Dogs because the single player campaign is very fun, its also an open world game with multiplayer so there is so much fun you can have (I guess its similar to GTA V in that way?). Very worth buying :)"
,Recommended,243470,10252091,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Popsyara,I like it so much!
76561198079519044,Recommended,243470,10252101,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,SghettKnot,mother♥♥♥♥ing awesome
,Recommended,243470,10252390,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,BaNdiTo2497,Awesome game!
,Recommended,243470,10252540,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,$ervi^,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome crazy action awesome stealth hax and everything!!!!! dont listen to other ppl they are just raging gta nubs! this game rulz!!! only downside is the ♥♥♥♥ing UPLAY Client!!!!!! and 1 more thing the people who complaing about loading too much get a better rig (PC) no issues yet whatsoever already played like 6 hours of gameplay here!!!
,Recommended,243470,10252706,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,xXEpicMinecraftPornStar69420Xx,THROW UPLAY OUT OF THE WINDOW!
76561198039402985,Recommended,243470,10253017,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Ark-07,So many ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ thought this was another GTA type of game. I mean seriously? Its unique and fresh game with a amazing graphics and concepts its just the start of something even greater 9.1 out of 10 but until the game is better optimized its a 8.1 out of 10
76561197968126082,Recommended,243470,10253278,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,rich_jojo23,"Take this game off UPlay...the servers sucks bad.And, I've already played this game before, it was called Grand Theft Auto 4,but otherwise, it's a good effort.3.5/5 stars"
76561198090260502,Recommended,243470,10290024,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Burnsy Mccann,I genuinely have no idea what people are complaining about this game runs fine for me8gb ramradeon 7870fx 6300bottom line if you like third person shooters mixed in with a bit of stealth and driving then get this game
,Recommended,243470,10290052,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Stencyl,"I quite enjoyed the game, and ma a bit confused about everyone making a big deal about the uplay bit. Yes, Uplay is annoying, but signing up for a Uplay account isnt hard, and the actual game is quite superb. I really enjoy the hacking mechanic in combat and driving, ect. as it really reinvigorates the 3rd person shooter genre."
76561198008847733,Recommended,243470,10290075,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Strategist,"I've read several of the reviews already here, and despite what they say about graphics issues, I actually had only one, but that was after I had gamed and left it paused for 4-5 hours. I'm using an Intel i7-4700MQ, GTX 780 video card, and 16GB RAM, and I ran the game just fine at max besides that one issue- Game WiseI liked the gameplay, pretty fun, with some interesting puzzles incorporated into several major hacks. The driving took a bit to get used to, but after 5-10 minutes of wobbling and crashing into civilians, I adapted and got the hang of it. I thought the hacking was fun, but I do wish there was a way besides arrow keys to select different weapons/gadgets in every category, and if we could see our mouse when selecting different options in store menus/smartphone menu. I didn't do (m)any sidequests, no Digital Trips, or anything like that, so I can't speak of those, but the story was intriguing, and it was the first game I've found in a long time that took me more than a day to finish all the way through. Not a perfect game by any stretch of the imagination, but much good fun regardless, probably an 8/10"
76561198015590019,Recommended,243470,10290092,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,-=312th=- Johnny Utah,"This game has the potential to be one of the best that I have played.  It is, however plagued with optimization problems.  Ubisoft...get your act together.  It's like releasing a new sports car with an untuned engine.I would HIGHLY recommend this game after a couple months when the drivers get better and the dolts over at Ubisoft patch it a couple times."
,Recommended,243470,10290297,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Alphant0m,"Ok, let me clear something up. I have an AMD graphics card. I never actually heard of the game until recently and jumped on the hype train instantly. I bought a preorder right away and the Season Pass. I love this game. I know, ""Shut up Jerk nobody likes it so you are not allowed to like it"". I have not many quarrels with this game. Sure there are some fps drops and buggy AI, but it isnt the end of the world. The multiplayer is broken, which is very upsetting,and I wish I could play it on Steam only, but the amazing singleplayer pulls me right back in and by the time I finish that the multiplayer will be corrected (hopefully). All in all if you are upset about the bugs and glitches ,and feel as though you lost money, wait for patches and hope for the best. If you cannot play the game, sadly you are stuck for the moment."
76561198046933647,Not Recommended,243470,10290376,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Bluefiremax,"For those of you who are TL;DR:I would wait to buy it. There far too many bugs, many game breaking, and the content is lacking (especially in free roam where I felt as though I had done everything I could in less than an hour). The developer may change this later with costly DLC's, but as of the moment it is not worth the price tag.For those who care to read further:Currently, Watch Dogs is next to unplayable. The number of game breaking bugs is staggering, and the amount of people who are unable to even start the game is adding up. I have seen early access alpha games run significantly smoother and with less bugs.Sadly, it is very apparent that the developers focused almost solely on the console versions, and then zapped it over to the pc almost as if it was an afterthought. I had to play with an Xbox controller to get any satisfying play out of Watch Dogs.As for the gameplay, compared to other similiar games (GTA and Saints Row specifically), it is very lacking. The storyline may keep you captivated for a period of time, but if you were like me and hoping you could run around and just have some fun, I would skip Watch Dogs as its' free roam is severely dissapointing.The trailers make it seem as if you can control 'the whole world', where in reality there are few things you can actually do or control in the world around you. It is hard to explain how unsastifying it is, as I went in with the perception I could hack into a virtual system and make the city my playground. I ended up severly dissapointed.I would wait to purchase this game until: 1.) Ubisoft fixes the unbelievable amount of bugs.2.) The game goes on sale for under $30.-  I bought the duluxe edition for $70 and I feel very ripped off in terms of what I                                                                                                               -                                                                     paid for and what I recieved.Side note:I tested the game with both an AMD graphics card, and an NVidia graphics card on seperate machines."
76561198059948773,Not Recommended,243470,10283563,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Balls of Steel,Uplay doens't work.Activation key doens't work.cannot execute the game.customer support is crap.must wait forever.ubisoft down the drain.ubisoft can suck on it
76561198079266023,Recommended,243470,10290617,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,seanlfc7,"This game was hyped out of proportion, but, it is still a very good game. The gameplay is fantastic and very easy to pick up if youve played either Far Cry or Assassins Creed. The graphics are brilliant and the online multiplayer is unusual but still fun. This game deserves a solid 8 out of 10, which is brilliant in my eyes!"
,Not Recommended,243470,10290795,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Ru,"Driving in this game is a nightmare. The controls for switching weapons is a chore. Honestly, I was really excited for this game, but I feel like they delivered a washed down version of what was promised. This game got delayed a lot, so you'd think it would be great on its actual release, but instead it is just ""meh.""Its not the worst game, but its not the best. Knowing what I know now, I would only pay $40 at most for this new."
76561198044777155,Not Recommended,243470,10290811,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,The fart,"seriously, just stop using Uplay,its just garbage that youre pushing on us, youre pulling a google plus essentially, im not going to complain about the graphics however as i realize my graphics card is a little behind right now, if and when i get a new one i will most likely edit my opinion towards the graphics. All i can say is im tired of waiting about ten minutes just to (spoiler alert) see Uplay failing miserably at logging in"
,Not Recommended,243470,10290850,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,D-LOW,cannot play dont have directx11
,Recommended,243470,10290926,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,E.T,"I love this game. Fun, good idea, and just a good time. To enjoy the game you have to go in with a positve attitude towards it. The frame rate is great (except if you use Ultra texture quality). Fun. 10/10."
76561198011578982,Recommended,243470,10292007,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Architect1337,"Running on a Mac Pro (2009) in Bootcamp mode in Windows 8.1. Has 1 x Nehalem W3540@2.93GHz (quad core, hyperthreaded to 8 virtual cores) with Sapphire ATI 7950 graphics card with 3GB RAM, 12GB RAM. Running on 'Ultra' at 1920x1080 and no issues. I guess the Nehalem Xeon (2009) is equivalent of a i7-37xx series today.As game runs extremely smoothly with very minor pauses on busy places that don't affect gameplay, I can concentrate on the game. The game is actually really good. I've only started the first few missions, but there appears to be a lot to do and it's all learning at the moment. Car chases are very GTA-V. Graphics are excellent - as you'd expect. I don't have NVIDIA card, so can't comment on how much better, but ATI appears fine.All areas of gameplay appear smooth - driving, combat, interface etc. Looking forward to getting deeper in."
76561198080928036,Recommended,243470,10292012,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,ÐĪRŦ￥ ĦÂRR￥  Ya Boi,grand theft auto but with a phone 10/10
,Recommended,243470,10292094,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Salad(MCRD Parris Island),"The game is super laggy and glitchy with any AMD card, its a good and looks great in my opinion so far."
,Not Recommended,243470,10292099,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Sarkis,"I can't, in good conscience, recommend this game just yet.  I'm sure it'll get fixed, but I'm working with a system that is supposed to be able to handle this and on the lowest settings, it stutters like hell.  I'm sure a patch will be coming soon, but I got suckered into paying $60 to watch the screen jerk around.  I can haz sad."
76561198074377431,Not Recommended,243470,10292101,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Bottenskrapet,"The drivingfeeling sucks. it feels like sleeping dogs, whant it to be more like gta 5. whant the world to be bigger and bigger forrest. the hacking it okey but it could be better. It may be worth if it´s on sale"
,Not Recommended,243470,10292175,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Virus Syndicate,"So having spent an extensive amount of time on this game I gotta tell you it's meh. I was expecting so much more and as a huge Assassin's Creed fan I actually felt really ripped off. First of all I should say that there are fun parts too it, like the sneaking and gun play is pretty cool, but the rest just falls flat and boring. FIRST OF ALL, I'm tired of playing in bland cities, not to say real Chicago is bland or anything but they didn't interpret the feel of the city well and I honestly think it would have somehow been better if it had taken place in England, but that's just me. Anyways, the sneaking and the gun play is fun and all but most of what you are doing is driving which is so boring and twitchy in the controls it makes it a pain, customization is almost non existant when it comes to vehicles and weapons and to make matters worse the game doesn't even run that well on PC, atleast at the current stage and I am running 2 GTX 780ti's on SLI which should have been optomized prior to release but I hear AMD is having an even worse time with it.The story is really bland and it's essentially you (Aiden Pearce) on a hackventure to try and find out who ordered the hit on you that got your niece killed, mellow-tone drama ensues, credits roll, and you walk away giving less of a f#@% than when you started. There is no backstory explanation besides the fact that she died, the ""bosses"" are underwhelming and usually amount to you surviving wave after wave of guys until the ""boss"" comes out with a couple heavies which are the true bosses of this game, they will wreck you in no time flat if you're not careful.Another thing I will touch on is the supporting characters, while niether of your team members throughout the campaign are particularily interesting, atleast they make up for personality where Aiden severely lacks in that department. The whole time the protagonist - the guy you should give the most ♥♥♥♥♥ about - is this cold, hipocritical, unrelatable character that just drags you out of the whole story. While his team members on the other hand: Clara and T-Bone are alright. Clara is this goth hacker chick who wears the Call of Duty:Ghosts skull on her shirt while T-Bone is a superhacker who went off the grid undercover as some sort of hick, drunk who is going through a rege phase and sports some slick dreads, but Clara has more story buildup than T-Bone does so don't expect to utilize this team outside of Campaign missions. There's more I can and should talk about, but I won't because this game is tedious and aweful and I cannot recommend it as a full price game. Buy it on a steam sale for less than $10.I give this game a 5.5/10TL;DR:Watch_Dogs has it's moments of fun, like shootouts, crimes in progress, and the hacking to some degree'; but it is held back by so many other flaws such as bad controls, terrible driving mechanics, droll story, unrelatable and/or cool protagonist or antagonist. Not to mention it's terrible PC optomization, if you like Assassins Creed and GTA V put into a mediocre yet convinient game with a hacking gimmick. Pick this up in your local bargain bin for $10 or on a steam sale."
76561197994104301,Not Recommended,243470,10292219,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,BearofWarIII,"literally uplay the game. i've only managed to play 10 minutes of the game, it crashes randomly in the opening scene with maurice. I can't even play the first 10 minutes anymore, it just crashes completely. give me my money back."
,Not Recommended,243470,10292269,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,FragtimeBandit,"firstly, there was the issue of trying to get the u play servers during a time where they weren't down, a difficult intro into what was to be alot of frustration. Soon after i got past this first hurdle i was met with the game itself, in comparison to games with similar styles like GTA i found the controls to be very clunky and the gameplay itself was very laggy even with my gtx 770 which was designed with this very game in mind.....taking it all into account i'd say this game was very over hyped, and poorly executed, the idea was interesting but thats where the merit ends for me i''m afraid.....for what you pay for its very much a waste of time, if you want a game with free roam,  guns and a decent storyline you would do better to look at the GTA series"
76561198060303627,Not Recommended,243470,10271707,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,abowman11224,"Terrible. Crashed upon start up. I have the proper Nvidia graphics card with fully updated drivers and a processor that is between the minimum and recomended levels. Would not recomend to anyone with a gaming laptop even if you meet the specs. Waste of 60 bucks. Great as always Uplay, well done."
,Recommended,243470,10271762,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Kerst,"so far this game has a fantastic story line, so many fun side missions/mini games to choose from and once you get to a specific point in game, not too far in just enough to familiarize yourself with the game play, you start to ""hack"" civilians phones who are under cover for ""BLUME"" and they put a bounty on you that can be claimed by other real life players and you never know when they may come after you......the game is fairly difficult but once you get it down  you'll have fun failing. other then uplay connection issues taking 2 or 3 attempts to log in its a fantastic game. i have been playing every day since launch and not crashed once, no graphical errors, other then the legit ones in the opening video and others that are part of the game. the scale of the world in this game is crazy, people interact with you unlike other games similar to this, if you bump into some one they coment to you, there are different conversations being had all over and each person you see has a unique identity with name/occupation/income level and some other tid-bit of information about them ie: MMORPG fan or Recent online purchase; sex toys, there are so many areas to explore and see. i would look past most of these reviews, not everyone is having issues with the game, like i said other then uplay having issues logging me in i haven't crashed once or seen any other issues with gameplay."
76561198064212485,Recommended,243470,10269654,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,OnlyWhiteman08,This game is no where near as good as everyone was trying to make it sound and is certainly not worth $60. The graphics are equivalent to Saints Row in fact I prefer Saints Row 3 and 4 to this game. Also it is a laggy mess and I have a Nvidia card. Not impressed by this game at all. Well back to battlefield until the next Far Cry I suppose. I should have knew something was up when I saw that vid of that buck toothed guy with the lisp walk out on the stage and talk about this game.Wow give this game a few hours and its actuallly pretty good. I was expecting more visually and thats probably what made up my first review. Still not worth $60 though but no game really is.
,Recommended,243470,10305876,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,The Landfill,Works great after updating a driver.  10/10
76561198028940588,Recommended,243470,10278046,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,chris104f,"watch dogs is a unique yet familiar game in a crowded game market. it is an expansive open world sandbox similar to gta or saints row but also plays similar to other ubisoft titles like the newer splinter cell or assassins creed games,but at its core is the hacking which quickly becomes fun to employ given how smooth it works especially during stealth and combat scenarios. to those that enjoy any of the above games i say this is a MUST BUY but if u dont care about any of those then this wont change ur mind.pros:hackingdrivingcombatstory is interesting enough so farmemorable side charactersvirtual game mode is funmultiplayer is innovatively integrated into single player and can become a welcome distractioncons:graphics are really good but not as good as the marketingmoney is useful to a point(needed more to buy like upgraded hideouts or something else) idkwaiting time for multiplayer to start could be a bit fasteri did have uplay problems but not as often as other peopleedit: as a side note i could have sworn i heard an npc say ""run forest run"" as i ran past them. fun stuff like that make this game more enjoyable"
,Not Recommended,243470,10322670,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Osiris,"I pre-ordered the game Watch Dogs after seeing the E3 footage. I was sorely disappointed when my medium to high end rig was having extreme troubles with the game at launch and still am, for the first time ever I have to be conservative about my graphics settings. I have a Nvidia GTX 760 2 gb graphics card while developers promised ultra setting on a GTX 640 graphics card. I have to be on high for it to look sort of better than consoles and low to even really be able to play without stuttering and crashing. People say Graphics are not everything as long as story and gameplay lived up to hype. They promised very broad horizons that actually sounded next gen. Like a city that feels alive, with Dynamic weather and people. Never hear the same thing twice, never see the same face twice. They failed miserably on that end, I hear the same thing repeatedly and even more than other open world games on older platforms. While the Story is good, it leaves you feeling empty and unfinished. With a total of 7 main characters to explore, they really dropped the ball when they didn't even really expand on the main character much. They wanted you to feel like a vigilantly that has to make tough decisions and making a difference in the world that you are in, but most of the time you just feel like running over an npc who calls the cops on you after saving their life because the generic gangster had a gun and was shooting at you. They want to make it feel like your decisions have an impact but it just determines the rate at which the npcs call the police on you. The story line was ridiculously short. I could write a longer story i one night. Which is normally my homework. My friends dance around a topic and reword the question 50 different ways and make their report. The story felt like that. Rushed, and unfinished. The developers boasted about 100+ hours of gameplay, I finished the game in about 24 hours. I have about 103 hours of Skyrim under my belt and I am still at the beginning of that game. I thought that maybe they meant with the side missions included. But the side missions are short, repetitive, and very underwhelming. I finished them in about 13 hours with the 16 gang hiding spots, 40 stolen car missions, a serial killer investigation, and finding QR codes spray painted so annoyingly elaborately around the city that unlock a guy who is telling people to wake up from their prison and stuff. The guy just sounds like a bored Darthvader. One of my biggest selling points was how dynamic it all felt in the full E3 footage when you cause car crash to stop a bad guy from getting away. The driver dies and the passenger is sitting there crying, and you have to pull him away while he is clutching his wife during a huge shoot out, a stray bullet hits the gas station which ends in a spectacular explosion. The E3 footage really made it felt like everything you do has a cost. They want you to question yourself before you steal someones bank account information by giving you a ton of information. Are they a good person, are they rich etc. but after a while there is no sense of this is bad and no repercussions ensue. So oh look I took her account worth $1500 sweet I bought a new pistol and a frag grenade I don't need. It is still a good game, but it would have been a much better experience if I went in not seeing the E3 footage, or the developers promises. I really wish Ubisoft would stay away from any game I am ever excited about because according to others they have done this with every AAA title since 2011. No wonder companies like Ubisoft and EA are going bankrupt, they keep♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off their fans. Should have expected this from a company like Ubisoft who forces you to use there UPlay service that lags my computer, rarely works and crashes for any game that you have. Constantly getting cloud saved data backup failed errors and things like that.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L_A6Z3gkXlk"
,Recommended,243470,10267863,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,CdrGrimReaper,WOW the trolls are out in force for this game. It is one of the first games in a good long time that I have enjoyed as much as I have and YES I did play it on the day of release. People just need to CALM DOWN!!! Crap Happens get over it!!EDIT:Side note steam isn't updating my time played correctly.
,Recommended,243470,10286703,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Grayda,"Very early on in the game, but it's fun so far. Kind of a look at what the future may be, where we can simply point our phone at a person and know all about them. Finding stuff to hack while driving is really tough, so don't expect any of the cool slow-mo car flips that you see in the trailers and stuff.This game crashed several times. First four times were before I even got to the end of the opening cutscene, twice when doing the first mission and a blue screen (a literal blue screen with no error message. Had to hard reset my PC) after completing the first mission and stepping outside to hunt for crimes.Updated my AMD drivers to 14.6 (beta) and the crashes stopped (so far, I'm still early on in the game) and performance improved noticeably (I can now drive without the car speeding up and slowing down in a jerky motion). I still have to run it on 'low', but that's my PC and to be honest, the game still chugs slightly when on 'low'. Surely a game that is very similar in appearance to GTA: IV (a game I can run on max) should run better than this?With all that said, UPlay is a load of crap. Steam has achievements and cloud syncing of saves built right in. Why do I need a separate account (which is mandatory, unlike Games for Windows which lets you skip that and just create a local account) to do that? Steam also has a web API that allows you to sign in to stuff with your Steam credentials. Again, why not present that as an option for those of us who don't want YET ANOTHER account to receive emails from?"
,Not Recommended,243470,10323851,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,UniqueRelic,"needs another year of developmentim not sure what goes on anymore with devs and QA'sbut if this is the future of how games are done. then its a bleak future ahead.ACM, ME3, MWO, SimCity Fail, BF4, Duke Nukem all had this same mentality.the heart of game development has been replaced with hype and poor game release.games like chrono-trigger, super metroid, ogre battle, golden eye, mechassult. is how its done."
,Not Recommended,243470,10323975,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,UberSwe.com,"Don't buyJust finished the campaign and it wasn't that great, had to restart the game too, is that a bug? Thought the game would be more of a challenge, the only thing I found challenging was getting away from the cops but this was just annoying and not why I bought the game. Driving feels terrible especially with mouse and keyboard. The game studders or shakes a little when driving fast for example, it makes it feel laggy.The only way you can challenge a friend is if he is on his phone and you are in the game, but thanks to uplay this will most likely crash before you are done. You can't hack friends as the game walkthrough that ubisoft put up showed.Matchmaking with random people usually takes forever and if someone hacks into your game it tends to happen while you are doing something else like hacking a ctos tower or you just finished a mission...Nope you can't hack your firends and that really sucks..."
76561198089347350,Recommended,243470,10324379,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,DepressedCat,"If you have an AMD Graphics card don't buy this game :((lag,Random flikering osv )"
,Recommended,243470,10324486,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,AWPtism (cant clutch),"I honestly have no idea why there are so many bad reviews for this game. (Other than Uplay, and hardware issues, in that case get what the game recomends dumbasses) This is an absolutly incredible game! Great story line (so far), decent graphics, and ton of detail (especially in how every person in the game is different and have different backgrounds), etc. The only downsides to this game are the extremely close resemblance to the entire GTA line, one incident where i found a staircase you could see the map through, and how you cant key map with the mouse very well. Other than that  incredible game, definatly worth the wait. 9/10 for me"
76561198005811481,Recommended,243470,10324535,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Roine,"I have an really good computer, still this game laggs in gameplay. So in my point of view I regret I payed for this junk."
76561198034613083,Not Recommended,243470,10324593,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,SekRanger,Based on expectation from E3.Bad game play. Poor storyline. Awful graphics. And I hate UPlay.
,Recommended,243470,10325038,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,On_Impulse,i was so excited to buy and play this game. but since ive bought it im disapointed. kinda hard to play with a mouse and keyboard. this game is like a poor mans gta. the only good thing is the hacking options but its hard to pull them off smoothly. i plan on using a controller so mayb thatll help. and hopefully somethings with change with the first patch.
,Recommended,243470,10325247,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,WarAlways,Love the Story!!! Lots to do and explore plus random events!
,Recommended,243470,10325438,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,EIGHTBALL,Not ground breaking but still a good game:)Mix of AC / MAFIA  /MAX PAYNE /Far Cry / GTAPlenty of things to do and good eye candyEnough to keep interested. Played all week end and 50% Complete
76561198114976280,Recommended,243470,10325517,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,ARMADA_BDOG988,AWSOME
,Recommended,243470,10325885,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Diomades,"Flawed but fun. Do not bother if you bought into the hype.That's the review in a nutshell. To go into more detail: the PC version of the game has flaws, and it does sometimes feel like a console port. Graphical glitches and less than stellar controls (which I understand have now been patched out) are the main complaints. But if you have a PC XBOX controller, you are set up to have a fantastic time.The game has small quirks that people make fun of and act as though they somehow reduce the games value (trains stopping on a time when you step in front of them, for example). This really isn't the case - these things add mild quirks that, unless the smallest details mean the world to you, are barely going to be felt while you drive around escaping police and hacking the world.It's a great time, and I have already spent more hours in it than I have in GTA5. I feel like there's more to do on the side that interests me. The multiplayer is spectacularly accessible and super fun (and GTA5's is, too, for sure). And the game does a great job at setting you up and enabling you to do just awesome action-movie stunts.All in all, I highly recommend Watch_Dogs!"
,Recommended,243470,10325972,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,bidji,"It's a nice sandbox game. Think of a Far Cry 3 flavoured GTA game about a guy in a baseball cap that hacks peoples phones and♥♥♥♥♥♥ I've seen all sorts of people complaining about the driving, which I honestly think is perfectly fine. The driving. And I'm using keyboard + mouse as I'm useless with gamepads or whatever you kids call those these days. If, like lucky me, you have a graphics card sporting more than 3GB of vram, you can enable the 'Ultra' textures which make the game look gorgeous most of the time. You can also put every other setting to 'Ultra' if your GPU/CPU can handle it for even more gorgeous and the opportunity to brag about it on a review on Steam that nobody else will ever read. That's something.All in all, it's a very good game that I believe has the potential to turn into a great one once the stupid save file corruption bugs are taken care of. That and allowing more than one single game to be saved. Save for that, it's all good. You can go and buy it, you ave my blessing."
,Not Recommended,243470,10510732,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Dr.Bender,"This game felt neutered to the point of being a sterile highlight reel of Ubisofts most recent hits. The sandbox experience being arduous at best with little payoff for exploration of the environment or ""side missions"". However the drab colouring and repetitive scenery is still better then the overall campaign where great character are introduced only to have erratic and disapppointing development arcs. The one ingenius aspect to this game is it's attempt to break the 4th wall through the game ""hacking you"". The brilliance stems from the fact that you never can tell whether the seizure inducing flashes or wonky controls are intentional or not.Would not play again."
,Not Recommended,243470,10510755,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,jackal,"Not worth the money, Crashs way to much, game play suchs at points."
,Recommended,243470,10269391,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Wompa Stompa,"After the game was finally optimized and a bunch of game breaking issues were fixed I am changing my review to highly recommended! The graphics are of next-gen quality and has a bunch of lighting effects that make the game so dramatic looking. On top of that you have the open world experience where you can do what ever you want after the first mission. From just walking around hacking peoples phones to drinking games or gambling or everyone's favourite, DIGITAL TRIPS!! Multiplayer is exciting, getting to invade people and hack their data base. You never know when you will be invaded and have to defend your own! I am happy to say I enjoyed this game greatly and plan on beating the game again and again.With much more content surely to come out for the game it makes me hopeful for the future of this game. CTos 2.0!If you are worried about driver issues and launch issues, those are a thing of the past. (Thank god!)"
76561198127130732,Not Recommended,243470,10511161,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,YTB07,"Not great. Definitely needs to be more polished and the driving is horrid. The missions become pretty boring too and the story is not that great either. I can't seem to remember why I was hyped to get this game? Definitely wait for it to get patches to fix the various bugs and wait even more for it to go on sale with all the dlc included, definitely will not be buying any of them."
76561198009737481,Not Recommended,243470,10511548,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Theylon Raypeters,"I love GTA...Saints Row...I love Sleeping Dogs and many other games like them .... but for some reason this game, as much as I WANT to like it....I dont know why but I just cant seem to.   I mean you are supposed to be a ""good guy"" fighting crime and what not, yet you hack anyone you wants bank account and steal money left and right... you do fixer jobs and gt people killed yet over HALF THE GAME is nothing more than you ""fighitng crime batman meets Gta style.""   I get the story and I get teh whole fact of ""just have fun with it...but no matter what I do in this game, online or otherwise, i just keep asking myself ""why am i playing this when there are much better games out there to occupy my time?""   I mean I really hate to say it but ...  Dont buy this game. My friends asked my to buy it so we could play and goof round in it til GTA5 comes out for the PC...and even they stopped playing it after the first session.    Really...REALLY low replay value in this....Rent it...."
,Recommended,243470,10512451,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Indy_K,"Despite all the bad reviews from other players, I personally find this game interesting. The world is not as vast as GTAV, but it feels more ""dense"" in some way. For example I could find at least 3 side quest offers pop up randomly while just running around a few blocks in the neighborhood. Be it crime detection, fixer contract, or some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ trying to hack my system. And it's not something that I can find easily in GTAV. GTAV is vast, yet traveling could feel somewhat boring one way or another.Quest are easy to find on the map, but still challenging to finished. Driving could be pain most of the time even though you already get used to. Uplay never caused a problem to me, so far everything runs quite smoothly."
76561198032974508,Recommended,243470,10512602,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,KoRoshiYa1,"Game broke...Lost all progress, can't play online due to glitch"
,Recommended,243470,10515796,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Thaiden,"Incredibly addictive, so much to do. Ignore the negative reviews, if you enjoy open world games, stealth and GTA style play, you'll love this."
,Recommended,243470,10517108,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,T3h Reaper,"I look forward to the Sequel, which hopefully will be optimized for PC, and not a brutally downgraded console port."
,Not Recommended,243470,10477973,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Flofrum n' Gorombo,"I help develop games in my spare time, and I have to say that this is a solid game.  It is a really good looking game that really makes me want to go first person the whole time, but it is still amazing in third person.  The whole city of Chicago is pure amazing.  Driving around the world is a treat in itself.  Most people who play these video games take a lot of what you can do in them for granted.  It really is fun to just walk into a cafe and play ""chess"" games for a while.  I have to admit that they could have just put chess rather than dumb mini-games.  It is still enjoyable to say the least.  I can't imagine having to put so much detail into a game.  It is pretty awesome, though they could have made it better.  They truly overhyped the whole game.  It would be better if the developers offered modding tools.  ++++++MODS+++++++  Makes all games betterThe overall story isn't too shabby either, but it could have a more emotional main character.  It could also offer more choices similar to Deus Ex and several other games.  Admittedly, I enjoy how this game tries to stand out.  It is interesting to see what everyone does in their real life by hacking them, though the developers don't understand that they are tempting the players to dig deeper.  I originally thought I could climb on top of an apartment building and hack into a webcam.  I thought I could randomly look into homes, and it really isn't that easy.  It really doesn't have any point.  The campaign shows a lot of cameras in homes, and it has only one point that doesn't really matter.  It is really repititious.  There is a lot of pointless filler stuff inside the game to hide the emptiness.  I think that this game might be better if hacking a capabilities were more complex, and I wish they made the game feel less like a game.  For instance, I don't want it telling me where a crime is going to be.  I also don't want the game decreasing my ""reputation"" when I kill civilians.  It feels like the civilians are robots, not people.  They know too much about Aiden Pearce.  My main point is that every experience I have in this game doesn't really feel unique.  It is just the same chase down the bad guy scenario.Most of the mistakes made by the developers don't ruin the game, they just decrease the likeability of it.  It is an average free-roam game that offers quite a bit of fun, but it is not perfect.  They can still fix their mistakes.  It is not the end of the world.  It is a fun game with a few flaws here and there.  They just need to make it more varied."
,Recommended,243470,10422370,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,conlmaggot,"Everyone else is getting in on it, so why shouldnt I.I deliberatley avoided reviews of this game, given the media hype leading to it I wanted to form my own conclusions.Its a well built game. The concepts are great and it plays well, however I just can't feel myself getting pulled into it. Other games, I have wanted to keep playing as I have identified with the charecter, or the story line was interesting. This one, appart from game play mechanics, I'm not sure while I still play it.Driving enginer is good fun, although a little rubberbandy. Combat is fresh, but can get annoying at time.  Side missions are repedative and all feel very similar.The biggest issue I have with this game though, is the main charecter. I'm sorry, but this guy is a self entitled♥♥♥♥♥♥hole, who bings all the negative stuff down on himself. I havent finished the game yet, so I am wondering where his charecter development will go, but at this stage, I can't help but loath him. To be honest, the reason I am still playing, is to find out if this guy gets what is comming to him.In the end, yes I would recomend this game, but only so you can expirience what could have been done, with what was delivered. Its another sad sign of where the gaming industry is going. Lots of Hype, lots of marketing, poor delivery, and week 1 paid DLC (if its ready in the first week, INCLUDE IT IN THE ORIGINAL ♥♥♥♥ING RELEASE YOU MONEY GRUBBING SCUM ♥♥♥♥S)."
,Not Recommended,243470,10548230,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Nox Kreiker,"A rather underwhelming title, Watch Dogs is a fair example of what hype can do to a game. The weird part is Watch Dogs isn't a victim of hype induced death; it suffers from problems inherent in the game that would've been bad even without the hype. It's very slow to start, has a rather anti-climactic pay-off, isn't optimized for PC, forces you onto additional DRM, and recent news uncovered that the game was kneecapped graphically for the PC release... We were promised a ""true next-gen experience"" with Watch Dogs, but all we got was this. Save your money, and wait for this game to hit the bargain bin."
,Recommended,243470,10549445,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,BinKz,"Great game, free roam could be more fun with work."
76561198093522815,Recommended,243470,10549503,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,achupanibre,"I keep reading about all these people having problems with laag, but I havn't had anything like that that. Great game, the main storyline is great, the side missions are challenging, and snooping on people having silly conversations never gets old."
76561198006564780,Not Recommended,243470,10550652,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Teh_pNut,"This is a terrible game. Bought it because a friend reccomended it, but it is just terrible. Just press Q to ""hack"" everything, driving is totally a joke, and the controls were made by someone on PCP."
,Recommended,243470,10551019,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,DezRez #Nutty,"Watch_Dogs wasn't like the one shown to us in E3 2012, but it doesn't make the game bad it is still GREAT. I just want to note the performance issues that I've been having which is mostly stuttering and others."
76561198027410523,Recommended,243470,10306090,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,KelKlor,Fun game. A little repetitive on what npc's say in the game. There are graphics issues caused by streaming content which makes driving fast very annoying when the game starts to stutter. Hopefully a patch or system updates will fix this in a later version for PC. Worth giving a try. Great graphics if you can crank up your card.
76561198068554885,Recommended,243470,10306097,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Katoe,"Okay In all truth i enjoyed playing this game and dont think it was a waste of money in any way but here are some points about the game witch might push or pull you to or away from the game,uplay shouldnt be used to run it but you have to and its a bit buggy and doesnt always connect but once you get passed that the game itself is pretty fun. if you looking for a hard griping story with an amazing protaganist..... your not getting it. i think the game was hyped up to be more serious than it is witch it why allot of people are calling it a High-tech GTA but i didnt feel like it was GTA atall. the city doesnt really have a life but that also means you can control and play with it allot. the Hacking is fluid and i have not seen any buggs in it or in the whole game for that matter. A point to bear in mind is that some people are complaining that its has issues running on certain PC's I run the game of an nividia card with the settings at medium and i keep it JUST above 60FPS and i have had NO crashes since i baught the game. so after my few hours playing this i think its a Fun game that isnt all it was hyped up to be, but what ever is these days and isnt a waste of money as long as you make sure you can run it on your Pc!!!!!!"
,Recommended,243470,10306104,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Garrettrat,"I find this game really fun. But BEWARE, the graphics (though good) are not as ""amazing"" as many would hope it to be.There are some shortcomings, but here is the bottom line:_The game is not fully optimized. The graphics could be way better, but don't worry. It still looks good. Just not like the E3 gameplay._Hacking is fun, if you liked the premise of the game then BUY IT. It is unique and original. It's fun to role play and run around causing havok._Online is fun, but currently there is no option to jump into your friends game to hack them. ""Online Contracts"" are only random players. But Coop is fun and in other modes you can have private games with your friends._There is little replayability, sure there is online modes and random criminal profile events. But once you finish ""fixer"" contracts and the campain there is no way to replay them. (Hopefully this will be fixed.)_Only one profile, you play one came and continue it. Only one save file. If you want to start from the beginning, then you hit new game and start from scratch, no ""New Game Plus"".Also, here is what I run the game on. Note: I'm below minimun requirements and run it with all  unnecessary graphics options either low or off. The important ones like details, water, reflextions, etc. I run on medium. (Details on high)CPU: Core i7-4500U @ 1.8GHz 2.40 GhzGPU: GeForce GT 745MRAM: 8GBResolution: 1920 x 1080"
,Recommended,243470,10306116,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Mexican,"One thign you need to do before playing this game: Dont compare it to GTA VAlso just to say i loved this game. Great story, love the hacking mechanics. Now of course you will always have flause in games, thats just a given. The game is a little unoptimized but i found turning down shadows helped; but thats my computer. This game is stuffed with stuff to do and the city is pretty impresive. Give this game a chance. Waring if you have a low end computer this game might not run that well. Hope you enjoy"
76561197985211459,Recommended,243470,10306248,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,[PAX]Christ Our Lord,"Awesome game.  Ignore any haters, it's enjoyable and they made a very interesting world."
,Not Recommended,243470,10306327,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,H2O 1MPUR1TY,"Not bad, but not as good as it could have beenStoryline is prety awesome and I love the game mechanics, such as being able to modify your environment through hacking ^_^Gameplay is definitely fun, although navigating the various submenus on the phone can be a pain in the rear.Controls feel a little clumsy, as if the game was made for console and quickly ported for PC. I turned off Online Intrusion ASAP. It's more annoying than fun, and if you're in a remote area (like by a CtOS tower), it's fairly easy to spot the intruder.I really would have liked to have had more time to interact with the other main characters ingame (Like Jordi and Clara) I feel like a major opportunity to better develop the character's personalities was missed completely. It's as if the game was cut short. Then again, any game feels lacking after having played Mass Effect 1/2/3At the time of writing, Watch_Dogs is definitely not worth the price. If the user interface was cleaned up for the PC version, and more gameplay could be added with the other characters, I feel it could potentially warrant the pricetag."
,Recommended,243470,10306466,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,kemO)))sabe,"Don't listen to the bullcrap. Game runs perfect in offline mode. Good graphics, hacking is fun, side missions are fun, campaign is fun, all of it is fun. My game runs fine. I only get stuttering or lag when online and when another player is trying to hack me or challenge me."
76561198041046367,Recommended,243470,10306666,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,The Fluffy Prophet,"This is a great game in it's own right. At the moment I know some of the AMD cards are having issues, but that will be patched. I am running a 660TI and having absolutely no issues!The story is decent, it's not the best, but definitely good enough. The game play is very unique, and the online is very fun, and blends pretty well with the single player experience.The guns feel perfect for a TPS, the hacking works just right, it makes you feel like a god, but also doesn’t make things easy, the world feels truly alive, and the side missions are just enough to keep you on your toes.My only complaint is that this game is the driving with the mouse and keyboard. However, if you have a 360 controller you can use, you can switch back and forth from keyboard and mouse to the controller without even pausing the game, and the onscreen prompts even change to reflect that you have changed input methods. Driving is much better with the controller.Overall I would say it's worth the buy, but if you have an AMD card wait until things get patched up."
76561198050719839,Recommended,243470,10306681,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,LaBar1996,Amazing!!!!
,Not Recommended,243470,10306766,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Huffing Agent Orange,"This game has a great story and aswsome charictars. The guns are awesome, hacking is a meh, and driving is♥♥♥♥♥♥ however the most biggest problem with this game is the multiplayer. YOU COULD HAVE DONE SO MUCH MORE! the freerome is pointless because its like GTAIV freerome, and the decrypting matches are impossible because they always spawn you on the guy with a thousand ♥♥♥♥ing cops on himSingle Player+ Story 8/10Driving + shooting + hacking 6/10Online 2/10Watch_Dogs 64/100Don't waste your money"
,Recommended,243470,10306797,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,IronmanMK7,"Ok. Everyones negative reviews here are very misleading. I've put quite some time into this game and besides a bland main character i have had no issues.The story is engaging enough that you want to keep playing story missions to see what happen. Also the mission layout is actually quite creative.The gameplay is a wonderful departure from the usual open world gang banger scenario most people seem to expect. (GTA)Hacking is Very simple to do and makes for some very exciting moments during chases and stealth sequences.The Controls are a bit wonky compared to other games i've played in recent memorie but they are easily adapted to and work well for the most part.Graphically the game is great. Even on my limited laptop (which doesnt quite reach the minimum specs) I can play on ultra settings with no dropped frames, no lag, and no stutter or flashes in the graphics. (dont know why there are complaints!)Online was a very interesting and fun departure from the norm. The first time somebody else hacked into my game it really got my adrenaline pumping trying to find him before it was too late.The only negatives i can think of are the rather drab main character, The lack of real rewards for online progression, and the awfully negative vibe the community is giving off. Don't base your judment of a game on what it fails to be. Base it on what it succeeds to be.Overall I give it an 8/10 and cant wait to finish completing all the various side missions available.Pc Specs: Acer Aspire V5, Intel i-7 4500u 1.8Ghz, GeForce Gt 750m with 4Gb Dedicated Vram, 8Gb Ram, 1 Tb HDD, Windows 8"
76561198033016249,Recommended,243470,10306836,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,JZ47,"This game's idea is epic. With the hack you can interact with the city in multiple ways. I understand the PC version has some opitimization problem, but I believe UBisoft is going to fix it in the next upadate. So be patient and lets give the dev team some confidence."
,Recommended,243470,10257250,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,M8,AWESOME
,Recommended,243470,10306886,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,fuzzyfrank,Very fun!
,Recommended,243470,10307233,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Chimera,"While the concept is great in Watch_Dogs, the overall open-world interactivity doesn't compare to many other open-world games, namely Grand Theft Auto and Driver series. There are many instances in this game where I wish there was more. The campaign is blisteringly fun, taking out criminal convoys, gang hidouts, and multiplayer are all a blast. But there's a feeling of lacking content when 8% into the campaign you already have enough money to buy every weapon and car, with no other purpose for money other than to gamble with. Many of the mini-games are also really elaborate and detailed such as chess moves, texas hold 'em, etc. But vehicle AI is...lacking, cops don't patrol to catch you commiting crimes (they only rely on citizen calls which are too easily thwarted), vehicles don't move out of the way for emergency vehicles, police don't try to detain you, just kill you, there are no weapon or vehicle upgrades (so buying your own vehicles is utterly pointless, and I want a silenced sniper!) . Many of the games unlocks aren't progress based, so even when not playing the campaign you can unlock EVERYTHING, which wouldn't be terrible if it weren't so dang easy.Playing on realistic difficulty the game still isn't as difficult as I would like it to be, I've died a few times from stupid mistakes but overall the difficulty isn't a game-changer. A lacking multiplayer coop mission system is also a dissapointment, rather, me and my friend ran around the map doing individual missions in the same session with ""multiplayer free-roam"", with no real opportunity to help eachother out for one common goal.Overall the game is fun, but for the money I'd rather invest in Driver or a GTA series game (GTA5 hopefully, if it comes to pc), the game's lacking in really diverse gameplay is made-up for it's detail in mini-games. But sometimes I just want to fly a plane, drive around in emergency vehicles, and play missions with my friends. Having pushed the development back a few months, I was really expecting more diverse gameplay options."
76561198044017970,Not Recommended,243470,10307249,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Yoho The Pirate,"♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME!Like seriously. The plot in this game is perhaps the single worst piece of writing I've ever had the misfortune to experience. It's seriously worse than Twilight. So here's what happens in this truly♥♥♥♥♥♥game: (There will be spoilers here, but don't worry; It's not like spoilers could possibly make the game any ♥♥♥♥ing worse.) You play as Aidain Pierce, A moody Hacker guy who dresses like a♥♥♥♥♥♥in a trench coat and totally gives off the ""I'm about to flash you"" vibe. Also: he wears, like, 16 ♥♥♥♥ing layers of clothes, but this nerdy dude can sprint full out FOR MILES without breaking a sweat. Anyway, this pissy protagonist starts off his story by robbing a hotel all Ocean's Eleven-style. Unfortuantely, the plan goes♥♥♥♥♥♥up, and you barely make it out of there, and you don't grab the cash, or whatever the hell you were after. Anyway, I guess this♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥some shady criminal off, because they put a hit on Pierce. The hitman is a complete moron, and kills Pierce's niece instead. Aidain probably had some hind of freaky thing for that girl, because HE NEVER ♥♥♥♥ING GETS OVER IT! Even her Mom is all like ""Dude, suck it up and  grow a pair."" But no, Aidain goes on a ♥♥♥♥ed up murder spree in the name of vengance, because he can't just calm his♥♥♥♥♥♥ So through a myriaid of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t storytelling, pointless tangents, and useless charachters, Aidain finds the villain who ordered the hit. Guess what? It's the super old, creepy, murderous mob boss you met in Act I, who brutally murders a dude in front of you. Bet you didn't see that coming! Aidain certainly didn't. When Aidain found out it was that guy, he said: ""What?! The mob boss who runs the city is a BAD GUY?!?! Well, ♥♥♥♥ me.""In the end, Aidain kills the Mob boss, half the city, gangbangers, cops, and his ex-partner for no reason other than he was kind of being a♥♥♥♥♥♥at the time. And you know what? None of it mattered. The whole evil corportation that's stealing your data and spying on the citizens just so it can sell it to the mob and rule the world? Aidain don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥ Oh, privacy and corporate and governemnt corruption are a main nad integral part of the game's theme? How about we just don't make ANY progress on developing that AT ALL. Seroiusly! Aidain totally had the ability to save the WHOLE DMAN CITY from an evil, shadowy corporation, but when the hacktivist group that had been more or less on his side the whole game asks him to shut down the system he's like, ""Lol, Nope!"" and doesn't fix ANTHING! The entire plot was completely useless, did not change the lead charachter, and didn't really even tell a story. I've heard people asking Ubisoft for a fix to make the plot a bit more interesting or, even bearable, but I don't think they could do anything about it. Sometimes, you just can't fix stupid."
76561198070524615,Recommended,243470,10307445,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Tim Allen,"This game is so amazing it has something for everyone from puzzle solving to I don't shooting someone in the balls i guess, if you're into that♥♥♥♥♥♥ Anyway everyone is too busy having their game crash or too much lag or think Ubisoft just♥♥♥♥♥♥all over them to actually enjoy the game and play the story and discover the open world the this game puts infront of anyone who decides to pick it up. I had lag too, i use Windows 8.1 and i have 25 other games on my computer including Thief, The Amazing Spider Man 2, and Outlast; but i only had lag for maybe the first thirty minutes of starting up the game. Also anyone thinking of getting this game, and the first part of this review isn't enough and you're still listening to cry babies saying ""It doesn't work, waaaah!"" don't listen to them if you want to get it, it's your choise."
,Recommended,243470,10307581,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,ryrich,"Having about 9 hours of gameplay, I would definitely recommend the game. Is it groundbreaking? Not entirely. Is it fun? I think so.Pros:- Storyline is decent (main character a little dull, but other characters provide some nice dark comedy)- Hacks are fun and rewarding (stealing people's money while walking by them is unexpectedly satisfying)- Good amount of side content to give the game some variety- Mobile app integration is wickedly cool- Seamless multiplayer is a great conceptCons:- Car handling takes some practice- System requirements are pretty demanding, and you'll need high-end components to drive through Chicago without lag- Uplay issues (to be expected close to launch, but still)- Crashes (seems to be hit or miss for some people. For me, when joining certain online hacking games, it will freeze the game)- AI could be a little smarter (they're stupidly easy to fool/kill - police, however, are maniacs)Probably will be a much more polished game once it's been released for a longer time. With server issues, crashes, etc. many people seem to not waste their time. But I say once those issues are fixed, you're looking at a pretty decent game worth the investment."
,Not Recommended,243470,10307600,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Leo The Schrodinger's Cat,"FUN... but with some major issues.I will not say I can take this game objectively, as there may be some bias towards Ubisoft's most recent practices in buisness.Where to begin...THE GOODThe game is undeniably fun. It's interesting, and has a whole new take. Innovative would be overselling, but it is somewhere near it. The story 12 hours in so far -Seems- interesting enough to continue playing the game no matter what bad mojo it throws your way.While the mechanics of the game needs some work, it does actually work effortlessly with the game. So... theHacker's Horizonis not left in the sun like an under used gimick. It does take some time to get used to however.And then finally Graphics. The graphics are actually incredibly impressive. I have never been to chicago, so I can't say for sure if everything on the map is exactly as it looks. It does appear they have taken careful concideration about where all the street lights are, and how to get the game to run smoothly with hundreds of lights all over the place.THE BADAnd... sadly here is where the bad news comes in. And frankly there are more terrible things in this game then what I am probably listing.The game's Single Player - Multiplayer gimick gets annoying real fast. Before I even had the ability to actually unlock the rest of my skills, I got hammered SEVERAL times by other players in a fixer challenge. This was not randomly in the middle of the game. This tends to happen when I actually try to do the campaign quests so I can continue my story. But instead, I am sent half way across the town to go deal with some hacker. It continues to the next topic.The Multiplayer is virtually impossible for people first starting off. Impossible may be overexadgerating this, but I will say it is incredibly difficult to get some stuff done when the game prevents you from continuing your quest, so you can go deal with a player who has much better equipment - or understanding of the game than you. So... before I had been able to jump into my quest to meet Badboy17, I had been targeted a whopping six friggen times. And each time I had to go find the player who was doing this to me from way across the map. After finding him, I had fumbled with the keys (both controller and keyboard) because the default controls are really wonky. So after pulling my gun out. I give chase, because I lost my opportunity.He jumps in a vehicle (sports car) and I jump in one as well (It looked like a♥♥♥♥♥♥van). I was thinking to myself. I won't catch up... he's too fast. No... not really. I was able to catch up. Slowly, even after smashing into several hundred cars, sending them cartwheeling into the air and onto on looking spectators. (they stayed on the ground actually, but they did fly into the crowd). The vehicle physics needs some serious work done. It doesn't feel like you are driving a car. It feels like you are using a slead with greased up wheels. If you are using a keyboard, you don't get an acceleration tween when you press the gas. Instead Aiden stomps on the gas, and causes the wheels to spin in place before you can move. Controlers won't have this much of a problem. The other part is that the cars are pretty difficult to control. It's understandable at high speeds... but not when you are moving at a cruising speed. You can still some how spin out on a dry day on the game going 20 mph.So after using the ctOS to cause a wreck in front of my target, I later crashed into him when the breaks failed to do any good. Lucky me I jumped out of the car and was greeted to a nasty tumble. I got back up. And pulled out my gun. I took aim and started to fire. I hit the guy several times. But he was then out of any discernable range and I gave chase again. So... here comes another annoying part of the game. The game's combat mechanics do need some serious overhall. It seems like it was based on a hustle for movement, and crawl for when you are aiming. You are not allowed to run and shoot a gun, even a handgun. This means that a player chasing another player will quickly become a 15 minute long session of pushing civilians out of the way, jumping fences, till one says screw it, and jumps in a vehicle to try and run the other over. Only to realize that a wooden fence is as strong as a brick wall sometimes. Or not all surfaces can be vaulted over, even if the object is low enough.And then finally when I was doing the hacking. I got a taste to see just how much of a difference a little more playtime can give you. So... as it turns out... when it's player vs player. You are better off just standing out in the open. It seems like that the profiler can detect targets that are actually TRYING to hide to avoid detection.  I attempted to hide inside of a car, while I initiated the hacking procedure. The guy had found me, and I was not given a single warning. When I saw him approach the car, I tried to restart the car and flee (Takes way to long mind you...). Instead, I got shot through the car by a high powered shotgun. Killed in one hit. Most people would say i suck, and I would agree with them... if it wasn't so easy to find a player who was trying to be hidden. Keep in mind that the hacking process is pretty slow. It is very unlikely you will get a successful hacking done... unless the player is away from the keyboard, or is generally not good at using a profiler.Outside of Multiplayer and into Single Player. The game was hyped up to be an animated world. This coming from the producers of AC, you would think that would be true. Turns out this is not fully the case. Reused names and faces is one thing I can understand. After all, you need to be able to package the game small enough to fit in 14 gigs. But touching a civilian will normally cause them to immediately stop whatever they are doing and look at you, or walk away. In the middle of some pretty impressive dialogue and animation between a girl and her boyfriend, I accidentally bumped into the girl, who was on the second floor. The dialogue immediately cut, the boyfriend began to walk away like nothing happened, and the girl just looked at me and began to wonder.The Civilian AI is also rather horrid. The AI that freezes up, is realistic enough. I never thought anything about it. But the ones who try to dodge, usually does the soldier boy right in front of my speeding chariot of death. Not to mention, they don't seem to interested in getting out of the way of a car that is in an area that it normally shouldn't be. Even if you honk. Yes, I tried using the horn to see if it will make civi's get out of the way. Normally, it causes them to look, and go back to what they are doing.The Cop AI is almost friggin impossible to avoid - but quite stupid. You can be speeding along at four hundred miles an hour, but the cops will always know where you are. And it doesn't actually require any effort for the two car chase to suddenly start including a horde of squad cars, and choppers. You  can even leave their line of sight, or go into normally inaccessible areas for other AI (water), and they will literally be waiting for you with no squad car... on foot on the other side. Note, no street is nearby as well. So breaking line of sight and keep driving won't do it for you. Well... you are really forced into using your hacking gizmo to try and stop them. The street lights only some times work. You need to start shoveling points into other parts of the hacking tree to really stop them. Or you can break their impossible line of sight, and dodge their third eye by hiding in the car... in the middle of the street.and lasty..THE UGLYI could really look past all the other things I have mentioned... if it wasn't for this.The game runs quite poorly for AMD machines as far as performance goes. Doesn't work for some people. And seems dependent on internet. Ran out of rant space."
76561198040087927,Not Recommended,243470,10307618,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Sir Nootuxious,STeam really likes to kick me in the nuts and not allow things to run proporly but in this case UCANT PLAY
76561197981484930,Recommended,243470,10307029,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Karna5,"Watch Dogs is overall a good game but not good by Ubisoft or Rockstar Game standards. The problem is Watch Dogs wants to be fun, but it's not. It wants to be clever, but it's not. It's a one tune radio show which is incomplete and lacks complexity.What I write is based on more than 12 hours of play with keyboard and mouse on a good PC rig.PC ControlsDriving:movement is clumsy, not just because some cars drive like boats (lots of games scale the handling based on the quality of the car). Changing from driving to parking typically leaves you sea sawing forward and backward until you come to a stop because it has some form of delay between 's' for break and 's' for reverse, and it can take 3 or 4 tries to finally actually stop. In addition, the left/right steering has similar lag switching from no movement to sudden turn, so you have to work hard to tap the keyboard and hope the turn is the right amount.  Saints Row The Third has way better driving with keyboard/mouse than Watch Dogs does. Even GTA IV had better driving than Watch Dogs, and it's very old.Shooting:Aiming with WatchDogs ishorrible. Frequently when I try to shoot from behind cover, the whole perspective changes when I aim, and suddenly where I had a clear shot from cover now the whole aiming reticle moves way off, and I can't even see my target anymore. Aiming from cover moves me left/right mechanically, not just aesthetically.Mini-GamesOnline competition:Gosh almighty I wish they'd stop spamming me non-stop with challenges from other players. I put in my options I want to play single and offline, and theystillspam me incessently with real world challenges.I accidentally was flagged online a couple of times, and I did not enjoy it. I don't want to interrupt my exploration of the world with some guy in a car in the middle of the boondocks parking next to me and giving me the message I'm being hacked. Why would I want to play hide and seek with strangers? I don't. I wish the game would stop pushing this on me.MusicThere's only one radio station, and it sucks. It's pop rock. And I can't turn it off. Every single time I get in a car it turns it back on, and I have to turn it off again. Every time I start a car after hiding it turns the radio on, and I have to turn it off again.Saints Row The Third at least had tons of radio stations with different disc jockeys and news casters and music types, and I could pick which kind of radio station to have going or whether to even have the radio on. No such luck with Watch Dogs.And the disk jockey/news caster is repetitive and boring. After just 12 hours I'm sick of hearing the same interview with the mayor or some other guy. They're not even developing these characters they mention on the radio, so why do I have to keep hearing re-broadcasts of the same story?StealthThis borrows several elements from Ubisoft's excellent Far Cry 3 game, but it still doesn't get stealth right. Things see me when they don't have line of sight. Hiding outside a car is not possible even if you know nobody can see you. Hiding in a car is not possible unless you put enough perk points into it. You can't escape police or gangs on foot because they magically always know where you are.User InterfaceThe weapon selector is possibly the worst I've ever seen in 23 years of PC gaming. The mouse outright doesn't work. I have to take my handoffmy mouse and switch with the keyboard which also sucks because time doesn't stop while I'm doing this. Stuff can be there shooting at me, and I have to take my hand off the mouse, tap through a wheel down/up to get to a category, then tap right/left to pick a specific item and then hope I'm not dead yet so I can use the item. Usually by then I'm dead. I've given up selecting stuff most of the time.GraphicsThe game is very poorly optimized. I have a strong PC with a great graphics card which plays other modern games (like Wolfenstein New Order) at Ultra settings without stuttering, but Watch Dogs has severe performance problems. I'm not worried about that, though. They'll fix that. Tomb Raider had that problem initially, and they fixed it.ValueI pre-ordered this from Amazon for $100, and the seller cancelled my order without telling me so they could increase the price to $130. I'm so lucky I didn't know until it was too late to pay the extortion increase. I bought this game from Steam, and I can't really say it's worth $60 because it's got less value than SR3, GTAV, SR4, Far Cry 3, Assassin's Creed, Wolftenstein New Order, Skyrim, etc. It's just not a complete and complex game, and the user controls on a PC suck for it being a PC game.That said, if money is not a problem for you (or if you're buying this a year later for half price), then the game is still worth playing.  It's anokaygame, and I'm not sorry to be playing it. I won't be playing it for 500 hours like I would Fallout or Skyrim or Saints Row, and I won't be playing it for 100 hours like Grand Theft Auto. But I'm glad to be playing it. I hope the creators of Watch Dogs figure out where they went wrong and make a better game next time. This one is sub par by all PC game standards.Post ScriptI forgot to mention a couple of the ""features"" which really hurt the enjoyment of the game. There's no controlling where you save, and check points can be more than 30 minutes apart. For instance, I just invaded a gang headquarters and carefully spent almost an hour picking off gang members. That was fun enough, but then at the end there was a guy in yellow, and I shot him, and they said I lost the quest and had to start ALL over again. I just lost the last hour's play because they wanted me to tackle some guy instead of wipe out the headquarters. That's stupid. I logged out, and I'm not sure if I'll go back because I'm somewhat out of fun things to do in the game. I've stopped one or two hundred crimes (that gets repetitive). I've picked police chases just to evade the. I've solved every tower puzzle. I've freed every district. And now there's just main quest or these side quests which arbitrarily erase an hour or more's game play if I do something different than they wanted. I don't even get to keep my XP or money. I start all over. Far Cry doesn't do that. If I screw up solving something on Far Cry at least I get to keep the kills and loot. But not here."
76561198131047682,Recommended,243470,10307803,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,hridgeway1995,I don't know what every one else is complaining about. I thoght that it was a great game!
76561198116903799,Not Recommended,243470,10307823,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Dubschin,ubistupid
,Not Recommended,243470,10308012,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,"|HZG| ROFL, God of Laughter","The fact that NVIDIA locked AMD out of the picture isn't what gets me. It's that even witha an NVIDIA GPU, if you have an AMD Processor, you're ♥♥♥♥ed m8. 0/10 ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t."
76561198115458156,Not Recommended,243470,10308040,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Devil Doggie,"There was to much hype for this I was all hyped up until I played it. UI is pretty bad. Storyline is good. Uplay sucks, stop using uplay gosh darnit. I do not recommend this game."
,Recommended,243470,10308219,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,PolakPleb,This ending to this game Was ♥♥♥♥ing epic and was just a fun play through overall.
,Not Recommended,243470,10308366,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,OneBananaTooFar,"If you are just getting of the hype train to go get this game then don't. This game lacks the graphical awesomeness seen in the E3 Trailers, and most of the game is so terribly unpolished I went back to play something else.when you start playing the game you will notice that this is a game where you are a Vigilante, But. It is not fun because you never have to do such things as buying amunition or weapons, Ammo gets refilled each mission and you find weapons lying around all over the place, Because of this you won't be able to spend any of your money on anything.So when you have looked past the terrible fact that you are not a vigilante but a one man army carriyng 4-6 weapons at a time all with full ammo, you start looking into the shooting itself, there is no shooting behind cover without sticking your head out so you can get shot in the face. Not that it matters, since in the ""Realism"" hardmode you can still take bullets to the face as if you were on your knees begging for it.Driving feels weird and is arcady, this means the driving is somewhere between the need for speed driving and the ""Driver"" driving.Story wise, Keep your eyes closed through the whole opening since there is no spectacular things going on, and they manage to spoil the game within the first 5 minutes (if you read a certain line of text on the screen in a cutscene).I'd rather spend 60€ on some anal hemmoroids than to buy this game, And ofcourse it has its moments where you feel badass. but mostly because the game glitched and you turned into superman for a couple of seconds.Don't buy this untill they patch in all the stuff we saw they had in it to begin with, and they have optimized it.For the love of baby jesus, don't buy this."
,Recommended,243470,10308428,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,SaladSnake96,"Techinical issues aside (believe me where are plenty) its a great game. If you can look past uPlay and some framerate issues theres a solid action game in Watch_Dogs. It's fun to play and keeps you immersed in the shoes of Aiden Pierce as you live the dream of being a 90's action film hacker. The hacking mechanic is well excecuted despite being confined to one button, and an inventory that would otherwise be cluttered with a plethora of weapons and powers is kept well contained as well. The driving leaves a lot to be desired and the amount of things to do in the world is staggering, almost too much even. You won't be bored at any point dring your adventures though Chicago and theres lot's to do. Watch_Dogs is definitly worth the price of admission, and if Ubisoft can patch some of the more serious issues it could be a serious contender for my favourite game of the year.8.5/10"
,Recommended,243470,10308508,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,ScareCrow quit gaming forever,this game is great
,Recommended,243470,10308628,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,PheonixGRX,"Great game so far, I have just been driving around and stealing money for the most part. I have had 0 problems with the game, and have 0 problems with uplay, even with a computer that is 2 years old.To what I can tell, people are getting problems because they like to set all of their graphics and whatnot to 'high' and just play it. Instead, have the game scan your system and set them for you. Mine came out as low quality, yet it doesn't affect the game overall.10/10, I would definitely recommend this to everyone I meet."
76561197980135783,Not Recommended,243470,10308812,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,ColonelShrimps,This game has horrible issues. I've spent 3 solid days trying to resolve the multiplayer issues alone. I cannot even play online with my friends or others and Ubisoft support is anything but helpful.Not to mention the stuttering is unbearable and Uplay does it's best to keep you from playing as usual. If I thought I could get a refund I would. I doubt I'll buy anything that uses Uplay again and neither should anyone else if they want to actually play it and enjoy it.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME.
,Recommended,243470,10308918,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Nanukk Luik,"I don't know why there is a lot of negative feedback about this game.I must be one of the lucky ones, because I have no problems with the game, running Ultra graphics, perfect framerate, easy gameplay and hours of fun with the story mixed in with mini games and fun online hacking and racing.I finished the game, now I'm off to start it all over again, I haven't had this much fun in a while.ONLY ISSUE: uPlay's servers really suck, but they have offline mode - so don't complain.No graphical issues, no crashes, minimal bugs.Running an AMD APU A10-6800K with an R9 270x, running at a low 4gb ram - 6gb high DDR3 RAM. Standard 3 year old slow HDD.Runs perfectly. Stop complaining about difficulty, the game has an option for difficulty in the gameplay settings menu.I recommend this a buy for anyone who can meet those requirements more or less."
,Recommended,243470,10308956,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Treehugger61810,"System Specs: I7, 8 GB RAM, Windows 8.1, and Geforce GTX 760.Cons: 1) This game ran not so hot out of the box so to speak, because it is not very well optimized yet, after messing with the settings for awhile tweaking to get it right however, the game runs perfectly fine (so it takes a bit of self setup to make work for you). 2) Uplay is not a preffered gateway for us when we are utilizing steam (but that does not have any bearring on whether the game should be considered good or not, and it was develloped by ubisoft so why on a business stand point would they not try to have people go through them?..) 3) Learning curve for some it seems (by looking at other reviews)Pros: 1) Very open world with lots of random side quests that you can easily use up a game session on doing, including drug induced mini-games that will intice you to stay awake even longer to keep playing through 2) Nice variety of things in the game to keep you busy (kinda ties into point 1), not just a linear story line for you to go through but many optional things to do as well with the option of being the city saviour or wreaking havoc 3) online interaction with other players, you can become mayor of certian sectors of the city by frequenting them often, can from what I've seen do contracts against other players and compete with them (haven't done too much online content) 4) You get to be a white hat or black hat hacker, steal cars, blow sh** up, show gangs who really runs the town, pop wheelies on your motorcycle while winding through cars that are wrecking cause of you hacking into the street light, set records for yourself, set records for online, craft explosives, radar jammers, noise distractors and etc.Synopsis: I really recomend this game, because I thoroughly enjoy it, ignore that it goes through uplay (all that means is it takes a second longer before loading), it's a great game idea and fun to play. I'd keep your system specs in mind because it isn't perfectly optimized yet (that's a hopeful statement) and can be demanding on your pc, it runs fine on mine though and my specs are listed above. It may not be a game for you to throw down $60-$70 bucks on right now if you budget/need to watch your money, but it is definetly something worth playing when you have the time and money for it. I'd say 3, maybe 4 stars out of 5.-Happy gaming!"
,Recommended,243470,10308958,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Denny,"This Game is perfect i expected more but it lived up to my standards and the design of chicago was very good and the weapons were made nicely and the physics of driving was kind of realistic i really reccomend this game for people who havent bought it yet and plus lol i stiole $16,000 from a person with cancer in watch dogs 10/10 :)"
,Recommended,243470,10288400,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,The_Muffin_Man13,"Watch_Dogs Experience: While I was about to order a motorcycle I hear two cars crash into each other. No big deal right happens in GTA all the time. Well both drivers get out and start talking about the accident. The game feels so alive. The NPC's arnt just NPC's, they have lives and hobby's and friends. I love sneaking a gang hangout and picking them off one by one. Yes the driving isn't as good as GTA 5 but it feels more realistic. Shooting takes getting used to and I love how I constantly have to be on the move or I'm going to get out numbered quick. So far its an awesome game. I can't wait to see what else this game has to offer."
,Not Recommended,243470,10288565,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Deepo,Utterly unoptimized piece of crap at the moment. Probably a good game in there somewhere though.
76561198020927265,Recommended,243470,10309773,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,(SUNBRO) RED DONKEY,The releace is♥♥♥♥♥♥when playing the game i have no audio in cutseens or in game
,Recommended,243470,10310070,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Yurio <3,"Fun game. Rittled with bugs and graphical issues on Nvidia cards though. Regardless, its fun if you go in with a positive attitude and can ignore the bugs."
,Recommended,243470,10310094,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,ShartLizard,Get all da moniez and beat all the baddiez!
76561198098409800,Not Recommended,243470,10310141,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Lefthandedlion,"Most of my felllow gamers on here would agree this game got way over hyped for what it is, The graphics are not what we wanted the gameplay is average and the story is underwhelming. I felt like Ubisoft tried to be somewhat different in the multiplayer approach which is a pro but it is diffcult when you have to put up with Uplay, like seriously they should of been ready for us to come on and hack each other senseless but noone looked at the pre-order figures. The worst thing I found is that I have to find things to do and create my own enjoyment out of what is there and after a blackout or two and finding out that that woman is into some kinky stuff and hacking screens to say I like turtles, I kind of struggle.6/10"
,Recommended,243470,10298046,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Ｒｅｌａｘ,Awsome game
,Not Recommended,243470,10294568,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Fake,"You have to sign in through UPlay in order to play the game. It was annoying, but probably only to me because I forgot my Uplay login since I use it so infrequently.I have had several crashes in the past hour in addition to dealing with incredibly inconsistent mouse speeds between the game and it's menus. I ended up using my XBox 360 controller for the five times I replayed the introductory mission. The game would consistently crash at the same cutscene after I completed the area. In several instances it caused my computer to restart.The game would probably be very enjoyabe on a console, however there seems to have been little attention paid to the quality of the PC version of the game.Edit: After trying numerous fixes I came across a suggestion to disable VSync, which has allowed me to get past the crashing points of the game. It's unfortunate I had to disable VSync in order to play because the game has significant tearing."
,Recommended,243470,10298494,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Nugget,"Great game, great campaign and story line. Map is a bit boring/featureless. Also, i can not ♥♥♥♥ing stand ubisoft's uplay... 2 launchers for 1 game, what a ♥♥♥♥ing disaster. Game is pretty great though, too much hype tbh."
,Recommended,243470,10298525,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Demolicen,"Is great, i have only done the 1 and 2 main qeusten. i used more the hour hacking :P,soon i had so money i could buy the biggest gun, car, anc cloth:DBut so far i have not seen a lag nor a bug or anything. only  think that happen is sunday it makes the shadow jumpy but that is my grafik card getting overheat :PIS it Worth buy?`IF you like been ''batman''  or you like hacking and have power Trough the internet THEN YES Watch dogs is what you want."
,Not Recommended,243470,10298543,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Yodzie,"Quick Review: Watch Dogs. After 12 Hours of Gameplay.Pros:A decent if quite clumsy and rigid cover system.A well made and thought out world, really enjoyable to explore. The detail is fascinating.Digital trips are really enjoyable mini-games.Has some hints of black comedy. Somewhat enjoyable.Has some interesting characters which a nice amount of dialogue.Clever AI, which actually uses tactics.Cons:A gimmicky hacking system, which (later on) gets to be too much effort to use. It gets a little old too quick, needs a little more variety.Driving is too clumsy and arcadey. Way to much force when pulling away (in a vehicle)Music selection is quite poor and there is no way to import your own tracks.I expected more character customisation, rather than just skins.The plot has an annoying amount of loopholes and is overall, pretty dire. Aiden Pearce is a dull character, which doesn't make for interesting play.The parkour is way to limited, and doesn't really seem necessary in it's current state.The game has one of the worst ports I have seen for PC. AMD users are all experiencing poor performance, and playing with a keyboard is difficult due to the controller central control schemes. Use of the mouse on different selection screens is basically quite random.Digital trip vendors are pointless.Stealth system doesn't make a whole lot of sense, especially when hacking. AI assumes that the player is involved, rather than maybe suggesting that the fault is random.Overall: 5/10I would not recommend at its current price."
76561198046461396,Not Recommended,243470,10298682,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Kalif,"I bought the game on the day release but probably since I have an AMD graphics card the game crashes when pressing ""New Game"". So experience from the game so far is 0, same as Ubisoft's credability. Would not recommend anyone buying this until they fix all the crash bugs. Then after I've finally tried it, perhaps."
76561198051378252,Recommended,243470,10299069,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,ChimmyChunger,a blood donor who has hiv
,Recommended,243470,10299284,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Reasonably Priced Corgi,"Despite all the angry people about the game not working well on AMD devices, I played through on Ultra on a laptop with a HD8970M and there was not a single instance that I considered it 'laggy' or 'stuttery.'  Very fun core campaign, with plenty of replayability.Absolutely love the Profiler and just seeing all the profiles of people walking around.If you like GTA V for its open-worldness, you'll LOVE this."
76561198077907081,Recommended,243470,10299458,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Atlas,"GO ♥♥♥♥ YOURSELF, CAN""T EVEN AUTHENTICATE THE GAME, DRM NEEDS TO STOP!"
,Recommended,243470,10299646,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Z126,"8/10The driving is a bit... off in this game but I think it is better han GTA 4 or 5s driving mechanics. The main thing is when you go, your car like peels out and thrusts forwards which is not all ways a good thing. If your running from cops sure but other than that no. He hacking is fun. Some mini puzzles and traps that you can place. I am enjoying this game very much."
76561198055593864,Recommended,243470,10299693,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,(BMK)Killaclown4hire,"This is suppose to be a good game, but not many can play it do to the authentication server having trouble. the server trouble might not even be their fault it may be DerpTrolling(https://twitter.com/DerpTrolling). they don't say it out loud but when you look at the post by clicking on them the background is a picture of ctOS Blackout, which is from this game. This game looked fun from the beginning and  i'm willing to still play it when all the servers are situated. Here's a post from Derp right before release of Watch_Dogshttps://twitter.com/DerpTrolling/status/471167533559853056. This is still just a theory, so i don't know what the real cause of the servers being down is."
,Recommended,243470,10299829,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,LA LA,"Mannn, if you think that u can't do this or u can't do that play this game and u'll see everything is only a touch of a finger."
,Recommended,243470,10300202,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,WeeveF,"An awesom game and all, but instead of running on steam it runs on uplay, and now i lost my account, my activation code and 80 ♥♥♥♥ing dollars."
,Recommended,243470,10301358,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,SiLLiQ,"Online multiplayer doesnt connect properly,, so many problems need to be fixed online other than online the game is kickass."
,Recommended,243470,10301529,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,frozen tv dinner (as seen on tv),"UPDATE YOUR DRIVERS. Besides that, game crashes seldom, and I get decent frames, but seriously, no dynamic shadows? The world feels more alive than I thought and side missions are fun. Overall, it gets a C+ or B-, it's ok, but could have a lot done to make it better."
,Recommended,243470,10301630,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Sp2468,I dont understand what everyones problem is The game is fun looks ok the story is decent but im sure everyone was expecting the most amazing game in the world but if from the get go if you dont buy into the hype you will enjoy it.
76561198021172153,Not Recommended,243470,10301961,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Death from Above,In order to properly review the game I need to be able to play the game. Instead of having BSOD Crashes every three minutes after I open a new game.
,Recommended,243470,10302220,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Nobody In Particular,"Oh, Ubisoft. Oh, oh, Ubisoft. I like your games, I really do. But for some reason you don't want people to play them. It took me hours to get past Uplay. Fortunately, I did indeed get past it.It's a pretty fun open world adventure with some cool stuff to offer. The hacking is cool, but not as revolutionary as the trailers made it out to be. Gunplay is solid. Graphics are passable. Overall, it's cool. If you know how to get around Uplay, I recommend it."
,Recommended,243470,10301944,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,kitty,"Hello All,Bought this figured I'd write a review, only played it for a few hours but I quite like it, main reason for writing the review, is to do with all the complaints about performance etc.I have a self built machine, and I run it at medium 1680x1050 with no slow down or crashes.AMD Phenom II X6 1090T 3,200mhz , 16 gb ram, AMD Radeon HD 7700 series.I don't think this is a particularly high spec these days, As I say no issues, I can't try Ultra as Video card only has 2gb of RAM.I like this game a lot, it is very immersive, it is not perfect but it is something a bit different.Not being able to skip cut-scenes I've seen before when failing a mission is a bit annoying, and there is a fair bit of trial by error, i'd have preferred a little bit more introduction to the skills, and maybe somewhere you could practice, including a shooting range.To summarise though, no crashes, or glitches (so far :)) and no issues with Uplay, never had any issues with Uplay so I guess I'm one of the lucky ones.There really is something unique about the online interaction, first I had someone try to hack me, who I found at the last possible moment, real adrenalin rush, as I started to panic.Next I was attacked by another online player, large bomb set off in road, I went flying, as I was getting to my feet a car pulled up the driver got out roadside, I jumped in the car and drove him up against a wall whilst he was running round, and killed him. I think I was very lucky, but there was no warning at all of the attack it just happened.Thirdly I tried a 1 on 1 hack mission, managed to stay hidden by standing between two walls with my hunter passing within feet of me, counting the seconds and megabytes to the installation of the back door, very exciting. Just made it.Interesting Point: At the point where the campaign wants you to go online, i received ""nat error"" just come out, walk around a bit, then you'll be informed there are no current online missions. After that I was able to connect no problem.As noted elsewhere the driving is a bit tricky,I may add more to this as I play more, its a nice large sandbox with different features to GTA, but not as fluiid. Last game I played like this of same genre was sleeping dogs, which is also a great game. Haven't played GTA since San Andreas.I think a fair score 7/10"
76561197970627073,Not Recommended,243470,10302649,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Flash,"Even when you do manage to get into this game via Ubisoft's crappy portal, its not a patch on GTA IV or Sleeping Dogs; grab one of those for cheap instead.This Aiden guy is almost as useless as Desmond Miles. You'd think they would have learned their lesson."
,Recommended,243470,10303052,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Killerhaan,its a good game despite all the lagg and confusing story line only if you rich buy this or else just wait till its 5 euro or something
,Not Recommended,243470,10303162,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,TheCyberGamer,"Dont waste you money on this♥♥♥♥♥♥game, crashes before i can even do the first mission and i have 1 hour on it but thats  only because im trying to see if it would work, but it does not,. (DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY IN TELL THEY FIX THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561197983768248,Recommended,243470,10303209,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Bunta,"I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIs GAME.Pros:Amazing StoryAwesome JokesHuge Selection of Clothing, Cars, and WeaponsIt is on PC and Next-Gen (I'm looking at you GTA V)Looks AMAZING even on lowAmazing Clothing PhysicsLots of CollectablesAwesome features like hacking other people's gamesHuge cityYou can friggin' hack thingsAwesome chase sequencesCons:Kind of clumsy drivingTakes a beast of a computer to run (I have a GTX 760 OC Edition 2G and an i5 4670k @3.5 Ghz and I play on mostly medium, yet this is supposobly supposed to be fixed in a near patch)I heard AMD can't run it at allDay one log in errors (Fixed)Some glitched (Which can be funny as hell)Clothing was listed as a Pro, but it is also a Con because they are pretty much all the same just reskinned a bitCan't customize weaponsMoney and unlocks from main game carry over to MultiplayerDigital Trips (They are optional and I have not touched them but they do not disserve to be in a game so serious. We can only hope Watch_Dogs does NOT turn into a Saints Row)BUT WHY IS YOU CAN'T KILL In FREE ROAM A CON?BECAUSE IN THE ♥♥♥♥ING OPTIONS YOU CAN TURN IT OFF, LOOK IN THE OPTIONS DUMBASSES.I beat the story and I am going for 100%.  I really like this game and it has pottential to be a major competitor in the near future.  There are special weapons and cars you can unlock by doing challenges.  You look at them in your statistics menu.  Some invovle ""Winning 10 Online Races"" for a car or ""Succesfully trail someone Online 5 times"" to get a Vector SMG Sillenced.  The game has so much to do and people hating on it, well I can kind of see why it pisses them off but I enjoy this game.I give this game a 9.8/10."
,Recommended,243470,10310839,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Firethorne,"Performace of the game and reliability of Uplay alone make this game not worth $60.  Beyond that, what little of the game that actually managed to run properly wasn't at all living up to the hype this game got.  It feels a lot like a Grand Theft Auto clone with a bit of a hacking mechanic thrown on top.  But, the hacking isn't a good addition.  It simply isn't fun to jump around hacking security camera to security camera trying to find a guard with an access key, all the wile if you get spotted you'll probably fail.  And while hacking into the cameras and viewing their feed, you usually can no longer see yourself or have any awareness if you're going to get spotted or not."
,Recommended,243470,10310915,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Jay,"REVIEW USING AMD 7970Having read alot of the reviews on here - which suffice to say are very negative due to alot of the issues people are facing I just wanted to add a few points to help gamers still undecided whether to get this or not.First things first, after some Uplay issues when I purchased the game yesterday after about 5 minutes of logging in and activating the game I finally got a good couple of hours in. Here is my PC specs just so you know what I am using -CPU - i7 3770 @ 3.4Ghz (boost to 3.9Ghz)GPU - Asus ROG Matrix Platinum 7970 3GBMB - Asus Maximus V FormulaDRAM - 16GB Patriot Extreme @ 1600MhzAMD Driver - Catalyst 14.4 (not the 14.6 beta - which has been recommended)Note - with my Asus MB and GPU I have their software which allows you to extract more power from the CPU (as I can have it to boost to 3.9Ghz even though its not unlocked and I can get more out of the matrix with some mild overclocks if needed over the factory overclock).On to the game! Once it loaded up I had the game set the graphics for me automatically which set every thing to custom i.e. high for all settings and Ultra for texture detail which uses the 3GB Vram and the V-Sync set to 2 frames and AA set to FXAA rather than SMAA or Temp SMAA to reduce VRAM load. I played about 15 minutes with these settings and found there to be no issues at all I didnt get any of the reported frame rate loss, stuttering or tearing and bad performance on an AMD card. I then changed the settings to everything Ultra (and HBAO+) on 1080p @ 60 FPS (and AA to Temp SMAA) and played the next 1.15hrs without any issues what so ever - the game played very nice on the default factory overclocked settings but I tweaked them further and under heavy load temps reached about 69C (fan assisted cooling).With the whole 'technical' stuff out the way the game itself I feel is very good. With the above settings I genuinely believe the game to have excellent graphics overall and game mechanics. I have read alot of reviews of people complaining about the graphics and the game not being optimized enough for PC - this may be true dependant on what hardware and overall settings you are using to play this game as it is very resource intensive on CPU and GPU. Perhaps if they bring out a HD texture pack like Skyrim and optimise the settings a bit it may be alot smoother - but making a game over 5 platforms including the 'last-gen' consoles what do you expect?I havent got through alot of the game in terms of campaign so I cant really comment on the overall story other than my initial gameplay and graphics settings as I have been essentially messing about in Chicago after the initial mission. Also I would like to add to the argument between Nvidia and AMD - I think the whole gameworks thing is a myth to be honest as the game runs beautifully on my AMD card even compared to the current crop of cards.I hope this review helps other AMD gamers out there and people with settings issues in general.Sorry for the long post! Just wanted to help!"
76561198100055989,Not Recommended,243470,10311167,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,i'll be bach,"All aspects of this game are a massive downgrade from any Assassin's Creed game...I don't even know where to start, just don't buy this game."
76561198032688353,Not Recommended,243470,10311198,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Driitzz,"This game cannot play in 1920x1080+ it will make your game stutter and lag and unnable to drive a car , driving a motorcycle is something that ain't happening. ( maybe they will release a patch but no sign of Ubi releasing one )I play it in 1680x900 everything on Ultra and i must say this game is beautiful , i don't get why most of the reviews says it's ugly because it's really not , it's close to E3 2012 gameplay videos , you got the trees / winds / particles / smoke , at dawn / night time you really see it's full effect.Story i haven't finished it but so far it's alright it's something i would of expected so no disapointment there also no surprise either.Multiplayer ... I haven't really touched it cuz you know .. Uplay , i put mine in Offline mode for now no point having it on.I thought it would be more immersive and multiplayer more present ( tried to do a Uplay ONLINE multiplayer race and after waiting for an hour i just ditched that idea cause i wasn't able to connect to anyone )I feel like i've been robbed by Ubi on this one ... pre-ordered deluxe and also got the season pass ... 80$ for a game i'll most likely finish it once and uninstall after. yay me... the map is kind of small aswell , i didn't really have any idea how big the map would be i've put my faith in ubi for this one , i thought it would be something close to GTA V boy was i wrong. there's no bicycle , no airplane , no helicopter ( that you can use ) , no tank. Cannot shoot while driving so the only way to ""TAKE DOWN"" a car is by ramming them with yours , hacking stuff in your surounding while you drive , or stepping out of your car and shoot them. Which really do show a lack of options ....."
76561198088234809,Recommended,243470,10311301,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Back from RETIREment,"Game is average. I run a decent rig on my computer and run it on med settings. Still some fps lag, noticeable when shooting and driving a bit.I haven't had any crashes, Ubisoftplay thingy is really annoying where my save is saved on a cloud system. Not sure if I can get rid of that :/Cops are average not that great. Some of the missions are tricky but most of them are the same.haven't finished the story line but it's looking ok so far. Looking forward to some online play, haven't done that yet. I hope this game's detail level and fps issue is not as bad on higher end graphics cards. Also not sure if the ps4/xboxone versions are better."
76561198121468066,Not Recommended,243470,10311332,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Alfatag,"I generally dont write reviews and this one just doesnt meant to be one, just a simple message: don't buy this game, at least not yet. After a lot of hype, they release a game bugged that is almost impossible to play because of so much lag, even lowering settings on a very decent rig. That games come out with minor issues, ok, but I think is impossible that those lag issues  simple slipped away during tests and QA phase. Lesson to myself: Just dont buy during hype phase."
,Not Recommended,243470,10312314,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Hollow,"this is just a bad xbox port, the graphics suck, controls are stupid, mouse movement is ridiculous and vehicle handling is just bad. Next gen game my♥♥♥♥♥ gta 5 looks better on my ps3 than this game does on my high end pc. The only thing i find slightly intresting about this game is the story, but overall its a major letdown for me."
76561198045108160,Not Recommended,243470,10312375,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,KurlMurx,FIX THIS SH*T UBISOFT
,Recommended,243470,10312383,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Yuukan,Watch_Dogs is a great inbetween for those fans of Assasin's Creed and Grand Theft Auto.
,Not Recommended,243470,10312729,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,HapiJتic|Ξ.,Not worth more than 29.94
76561197970719220,Recommended,243470,10312563,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,AStickInTheEye,"I can't believe more of my friends don't have this already. Come on slackers!!! THIS GAME ROCKZ!!!While the driving around is very similar to the GTA genre, the smartphone adds sooo many layers of awesomeness.And the added threat of someone else playing the game can infiltrate you and steal data. The adrenaline kicked in, found them, and promptly took them out. Then got more drunk and cocky and was put in my place the next 3-4 times LOL but it was FUNNNNN!When I have to force myself to bed, I know it is a good game cuz you know, it's lik -0H SQUIRREL"
,Not Recommended,243470,10304780,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Ninevolt781,Wont even run.If you use AMD don't get it until they confirm a launch fix.
76561198069474603,Recommended,243470,10314108,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,MagnificentMelons,"After reading all the negative reviews i almost didnt buy the game, but i decided i would and just hope for the best, i am really glad i did. Watch_Dogs is great imho, ive played for about 6 hours and have barely touched the actual story missions, im having a blast, dont let all the negative people steer you away. 8.5/10 Will continue to play."
,Recommended,243470,10314768,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,jfredett,"Watch_Dogs is, without a doubt, a flawed game.Graphically, it's excellent and middling -- the Ambient Occlusion is some of the best I've seen in a long time, but even on my relatively beefy rig, I get random framedrops and generally mediocre performance. I couldn't run at full MSAA, and am doubtful that anyone -- no matter the rig -- could. On relatively 'high' settings (running MSAA 4x and MHBAO) I got a really nice looking game that suffered the occasional framedrop and managed to hold a solid 45-60fps. I'm not a graphics hound, I don't require a game to maintain 60+fps at all times, but if you do, you might want to wait until Watch_Dogs has been patched up.In terms of Gameplay, it's not super innovative. There is a bullet time mechanic, some world-interactivity through hacking, and plenty of driving. The driving physics are okay, the handbrake isn't well-modeled, but the cars handle nicely (mod a few odd oversensitive steering issues when going in and out of bullet-time mode). I think there is definite room for improvement in the driving area, in particular having better modelling of handbrake turns, and 'loosening' the driving a bit. I really like the 'dial-a-car' mechanic, it's a much nicer thing to drive the car I want on demand, rather than have to drive what I can find, as in GTA.The bullet-time mechanic is Max Payne style, rather than Matrix style -- that is, everything moves slower, including your character, but you (the player) can aim and think in real time. This compared to the Matrix-style, where your character moves at full speed while everything else slows down. I think it works pretty well for what it does, it helps add to the feeling that Aiden can multitask effectively in terms of hacking, driving, and generally outwitting whatever is chasing him.The hacking mechanics and technobabble are not too bad. They're not evening-news level insulting, and the game at one point neatly lampshades the ""He's hacking into the system"" *frantic typing"" ""I'll shut the power off"" trope. I wouldn't say it's perfect, but it's good enough to not leave me distracted by the occasional sillyness. (Seriously, people need to learn what an IP address looks like).I think where this game really shines is in it's narrative, and in particular in the way the gameplay reinforces the character of Aiden Pearch, this is usually called 'ludonarrative alignment', and it's something Ubisoft has become pretty good at.Aiden is presented as a sort of Hacker Extraordinaire, a clever nerd with total access at the flick of a finger. He walks through the city with all the doors open to him and everyones personal information at his fingertips. In the game this is reflected by the triviality of hacking most things -- hold 'X' (or 'Q' if you're playing on a keyboard, which works wonderfully). Aiden really feels like he has the world in his grasp. Similarly, Aiden is presented as a ruthless vigilante, a skilled killer, and a generally violent man. The wide selection of weapons, in addition to the use of secondary items like IEDs, Grenades, and Lures allow for a brilliant combination of primary and secondary arms to wreak havoc on groups of unsuspecting enemies. Even the cover system reinforces Aiden's stealthy abilities, each mechanic works in turn to reinforce the central theme of Aiden's uberability.This makes it all the more potent when Aiden is outmatched by other hackers.***Spoilers Follow***In a mid-game mission against another hacker, the entirety of Aiden's ability falls into disarray as Defalt outhacks him, altering the ctOS profile information the player has become totally reliant on, or at least expectant of. This leads to you frantically chasing this hacker until ultimately it is your ruthlessness and violence that gives you the upper hand -- you don't outwit him, you out-muscle him.Similarly, towards the end of the game your former partner, now nemesis Brenks takes over the entirety of the ctOS system, raining down hell as you are chased by every cop in Chicago as you try to hack key infrastructure to shut him (and the city) down. During this final mission, even your navigation -- which you've become implicitly dependent on throughout the game, becomes unreliable as Brenks hacks into it. You are left relying only on your innate abilities -- no more uberhacker, no more city-at-your-fingertips -- just Aiden, just you, just your skill.This is simultaneously the game's best and worst points -- all that action really shows the lack of graphical optimization, the poor driving physics come to full bore as you are forced to slow to take every turn as you run away from the cops. At the same time, you eventually realize that throughout the whole game, as difficulty ramped up by removing your hacking ability, the game was taking you on the same journey as Aiden. Aiden's central theme is his hiddenness, no one knows who or what he is, he hides behind his phone, he hides behind cover and remote-detonations, he hides his motivations and actions from his family, and ultimately forces his family into hiding. At the end of the game, when you are given no opportunity to hide, the game forces Aiden *and you* to be exposed, and you are left only to your skill as a player and a person to survive what is easily the hardest mission in the game.***Spoilers End***Ultimately, Ubisoft did what they do best -- they made a game which clearly aligns it's gameplay and it's narrative. As with Assassin's Creed 1, Watch_Dogs is a flawed game that leaves open a port to a world of hackery possibilities. No one doubts the massive flaws in the gameplay of AC1, but many of the worst critics of AC1 saw it's potential and revered AC2. I suspect we will see a similar adulation when Watch_Dogs 2 arrives. The mechnical problems can be resolved, the graphical issues can be fixed. The best question to ask is -- how much potential exists here? I think that there is a real potential here, and I'm personally excited to see the next offering in this IP.Final Synopsis:Weak reject on GraphicsWeak accept on overal gameplayStrong accept on gamplay/narrative alignmentStrong accept on storyline.Overall, recommended -- unless you're anal about perfect, extreme graphical performance."
,Not Recommended,243470,10315003,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,RoboSquidTV,"Been unable to play online since release. Game gives little-to-no instruction before dropping you into the middle of the city, making getting started very confusing. The game was poorly executed and clearly broken. I'm not sure why ubisoft pushed an undertested game, but they did."
76561198058631018,Recommended,243470,10315093,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,dvdblueray,the games nice but... Uplay is so ♥♥♥♥ing horrible it ban me 60minutes because ♥♥♥♥ing cd key is wrong for some reason or bull♥♥♥♥♥♥REMOVE UPLAY ITS HORRIBLE mess everyone up and wastes my time I want to play this game I spend $70 on jesus
,Recommended,243470,10315128,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,stingreay,"gameplay = fun, inovetive, intrestinggraphics = passable, not amazing, expected more"
76561198068606050,Recommended,243470,10694026,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,SnappyXD,An awesome free roam game. It has a wonderful story line behind it!
,Not Recommended,243470,10694211,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,KingKoopa,Due to Nvidia's greed this game's stuttering issues even post patch and updated drivers make it nearly unplayable... Way to fail.
,Recommended,243470,10694548,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,argyleaardvark,"The idea of ""Assassin's Creed"" plus hacking with a side of GTA sounds cool, but ends up just being ""meh."" It fell short of the hype. Probably would've been a great game for $20, so ""recommended"" if you can find it for cheap in a year or so."
76561197999655164,Recommended,243470,10694872,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,cet9n,"Although not quite living up to expectations as the harbinger of new gen, Watch Dogs is all in all a fin game.  Not great, maybe not even good, but fun.  The driving is a little floaty, the story is underwheliming.  But using hacking tools to clear a building og bad guys is fun and innovative."
,Recommended,243470,10695327,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Terry Folds,Played this game for 21 hours so far and I have mastered the art of hacking in that short time. I just shut down the FBI servers using only my smart phone. I now have a level 5 wanted level so I must be on my way now. 10/10 would infiltrate again.
,Recommended,243470,10695830,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Chava,"Great game, better experience than GTA!"
,Not Recommended,243470,10696257,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,abefroman116,"I am extremely dissapointed by Watch_Dogs. The gameplay is nothing revolutionary; the graphics are not groundbreaking; and the game constantly stutters on my high-end system (4770k, 780ti, 32gb 1866 RAM).In the light of recent apparently intentional deactivation of the awesome graphics settings (which got the hype train rolling back in 2012) for reasons unfathomable; I will approach any future Ubisoft games with EXTREME caution.If you're still on the fence and can't decide whether to buy this game, I would highly recommend that you wait until this game is on sale for <$30. It is definitely NOT worth full price."
,Recommended,243470,10696429,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,CGN Recon,"Awesome story mode, loved every second of it."
,Recommended,243470,10302538,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Survivor Zero,"Watch Dogs was a good game, but it had the potential to be great. The plot reminded me of Mirrors Edge, the controls reminded me of Saints Row, the map and visual details reminded me of Sleeping Dogs and GTA and the hacking reminded me of Batman's detective mode.  Watch Dogs took the best elements from some of my favorite games and wove them together to create a beautiful setting for me to play in, with a plot that is a little predictable, but still a joy to play through.  There's a surprising amount of satisfaction in playing out your toons rage, there are a few times where you'll find youreself wishing you could have made a different choice, but there is only one choice in the game, at the end.There are some problems though. The car handling was atrocious, with a few exceptions (motorcycles), they were front end heavy, spun out like crazy and when you get to a good speed, the screen jerks and pauses.  A good run (on foot) was easily spoiled by the slightest misalignment with an object when you go to vault over it. The biggest problem for me though, the most annoying thing in the entire game, is that at a few instances, your view as your toon 'glitches.' I get camera views glitching, I get things being hacked around me, but why is *my* view, of my toon, independent of an in game camera, glitching?Problems connecting via Uplay prevented me from enjoying the multiplayer aspect of the game for the first week or so, but eventually I got to try it out.   It's a great idea and fun when both parties stay connected long enough to play one another, right now, it takes forever to connect and connections get dropped frequently. Once you get past finding and connecting to a partner, the multiplayer is a blast.  You never know what you're going to get, some pro sniper hiding in a spot you can fathom getting to, some poor dude running around in circles trying to figure out what to do, or maybe a grenade launcher to the face, you just never know.  Have patience with the connection issues, the fun you can have with good partners/adversaries is worth it.Overall, I really enjoyed this game and I will play the main story again.  The world itself is easy to get lost in and the side missions each have their own flavor.  I hope to see some good dlc here and a maybe a couple more games in this world. I'd give Watch Dogs 4/5 stars."
76561198063250897,Recommended,243470,10821671,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Tex,"Despite all the BS floating around about this game I still bought it. And I can honestly say, I love it.  I love the game play. I love how the multiplayer works. I also love how the storyline goes. Many people don't like it, I love it."
76561198066745491,Recommended,243470,10822634,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,{FoW}Minchdish,"It's such a let down that this was hyped up so much. It IS fun, but so buggy you really have to be patient with it. The story was engaging at first but turned out to be exactly what you expected so it's pretty predictable. This game is worth playing but I can't reccomend paying for it without this itch that sems to whisper: ""Don't do it! You're giving money to Ubisoft! They don't deserve it; look what they did to Farcry and AC! Remember, you can't spell unplayable without UPlay."".One major beef I have with this game is it' DLC. Conspiracy was $5 USD and in my opinion is worth less than nothing. This painfully linear and boring crap has convinced me not to buy the season pass. If I wanted to shoot slow moving enemies in a tiny weak spot highlighted by a simplistic glowing square I would buy a ten year old zombie game. Conspiracy is probably the worst idea for a game I have ever seen, and I bought Ampu-Tea.Yes I recommend this game, but only by a hair. For shame Ubisoft. For shame."
76561198075240354,Recommended,243470,10823777,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,V-K,super game
,Recommended,243470,10823979,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Reblee,Fun game
,Recommended,243470,10830313,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,[Soki-Gumi] Sokishi,"With Watch Dogs you have so many reviews each saying that they had bugs and graphical issues and problems with uplay. In my own experience with this game, it started off rather badly I couldn't update uplay like the rest of the masses however I kept trying again and again until finally I managed to get into the game, Firstly the game does have bugs; graphical pop outs and weird textures materializing from nowhere. The story is not bad but nothing special. I managed to finish the game in a few days so in terms of campaign content there 20+ hours in there, What I enjoyed most was the free roam; There are so many things that are destructible in this game as well as a good amount of cars to choose from. I felt that I could waste away hours just fooling around.Pro (IMO): Decent Graphics + Physics- Good Amount of side content- Rather Enjoyable game play- Awesome Free-roamCons (IMO)- The UPLAY experience- Texture pop ins- Mediocre StoryIn my honest opinion I feel that this game deserves way more than the 3-5 people have been giving it as I enjoyed it to a good extent so I will be giving it a 8/10 :)"
,Recommended,243470,10785766,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Lenko,"The gameplay is no where near deep as they made it out to be; but it is nevertheless enjoyable.The side missions get repetitive after the first few times you do it, which is unfortunate because they had the opportunity to make them extremely diverse.I won't comment on optimization and graphic fidelity - there's plenty of rants about that on the internet already.I can't comment on the MP, as I do not like intrusive MP elements in my SP sessions, so I disabled it."
76561198026330805,Recommended,243470,10785887,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Blabermouthe,"Definetly overhyped, but not as bad as some people have claimed.Like the first Assasin's Creed game, Watch_Dogs suffers from having way too many side and main quests that all feel the same. You either race a car, or beat up a gangster or go and hack some center. But the missions themselves are all very generic feeling with little compesation for finishing all of them.However, the hacking is interesting, and I expect that the next updates to the franchize will be very interesting - if they follow the Assasin's Creed model.7/10"
76561198096304254,Recommended,243470,10786710,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,WM,The game is ♥♥♥♥ing aswome you will wish to play it
,Recommended,243470,10787905,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,donteatsoap7,"Most people have given this game a bad review. I'll admit, the first act is rather slow and if you just drive around and do fixer missions all day, you will get bored. If you play the storyline to at least Act 2, your perspective of the game will change."
76561198088322894,Not Recommended,243470,10788071,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Communism,"This game is a nightmare especially for PC users, i cant run this game with a good framerate on the lowest setting and i can run skyrim with over 200 mods and an ENB, its insane"
,Recommended,243470,10790648,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Krallum,It's butts.
,Recommended,243470,10791501,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Kandalf,Despite the hate and glitches this game is quite fun and refreshing to play.
,Recommended,243470,11311896,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Max Power,"Although the game is not what we first saw in the E3 hype, the game is still fun to play through.  Storyline is alright but you get a feeling very quickly that this guy - Aiden - is total♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥(is that how you spell it).  The side quests are plenty, albeit repetetive whithin their own kind.  Gang hideouts are FUN! I mean, even if I die here and there, I come back with different option on how to approach the main target and knock him out and how to kill the other ones.  You get to unlock an arsenal of weapons, but the SpecOps 1911 (Silenced) is probably the one you'll use 90% in story mode, and the high-grade shotgun/automatic weapon/granade launcher online.Online challenges are not difficult, but they do take some time to get into. It's respectable I think. Unlockables include skills, weapons and cars, and overall there's plenty of that to go around. Police are hard as♥♥♥♥♥♥when they are on your balls but just drive away on a boat on the river and you'll be ok - no marine force to follow you out of the police radar.  The hacking is is good the first few tries but sometimes the hacking in side quests (like any other side quest) tends to get repetetive.Overall, it's a good adventure/action game that borrows elements from Splinter Cell's sneak/weapon system and Assasin Creed's parkouring.  It's not worth $60, but it is fun, I'd say >$40 worth if you want to put a price for your fun level."
,Recommended,243470,11312125,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Mike Hunt,Honestly a fun game it took me a little while to get invested to it though and the driving mechanism was probably designed by Helen Keller and i didnt really get attached to any of the characters except for this one i found funny named Jordi but yeah it was fun to play and i enjoyed it alot
76561197977816330,Not Recommended,243470,11313533,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,sg_st,"The game centers so much around driving and the driving, not to put to fine a point on it, sucks!  As a traffic simulator the game is amazing, but trying to drive around the city is just an exercise in futility.  I even bought an expensive wheel (which, as a driving game, Watch Dogs does *not* support wheel controls) and it was a bit better, but still not good.  In the end I just gave up fighting with the game."
76561198063336345,Recommended,243470,11314563,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,The Doc,"after finally beating the game i can say that overall it was a fun expericence. the glitcheness of the game did take away from the missions and although it was frustarting at points the end result is a decent experience. i had hight hopes of the game and it had let me know quite a bit, but at the end of the game the story was the best part. in terms of the hacking abilites they seemed pretty dull most of the time but the gun play and the driving of the game was fairly good. i would recommend this game but get it on a sale as paying full price is not worth it untill all the glitches are resolved or the final version of the mod that fixes the game(something ubisoft should have been working on) is finished."
76561198036406123,Not Recommended,243470,11317319,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,cassio_kenji,Chato.É um Altair/Ezio com um smartphone.Boring.It's like Altair/Ezio with a smartphone.
,Recommended,243470,11382495,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,thedig47,amazing
76561198049496960,Recommended,243470,11383277,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,[DEFN] Sentinel,"Watch_Dogs is a Open-World, High-Detail Ubisoft game that is based on hacking. You play as Aiden Pearce, a Rogue Hacker/Vigilante/Family man, who must find out why his neice was murdered and get revenge. While on his quest for revenge, Aiden uncovers secrets that pull him into the corrupt, mob-run, world of crime that is the City of Chicago. Use Chicago's High-Tech infrastructure to your advantage; steal from bank accounts, mess with the traffic system, detect crimes before they happen, you have access to everyone's secrets. Get revenge for your neice's death, and fight crime along the way! I give this game an eight out of ten; but you should play it for yourself, and see what you think. I recommend it. (This game is for mature audiences, Singleplayer/Multiplayer, Open-World, High-Detail.)"
,Not Recommended,243470,10474249,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Negamega,Still crashes a lot.
76561198059010129,Recommended,243470,10989800,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Toro y Moi,"I highly recommend this game as it has a brilliant story. I wouldn't listen to the negative reviews, most of them are old performance or Uplay complaints. Looks great, good mechanics. 8/10"
,Recommended,243470,10989872,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Junk,Good if you don't expect.
,Not Recommended,243470,10989974,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Squall,"I wasted my 70 dollars for this. Can we make a refund please? I can't connect my Xbox 360 controller and it won't work. The FPS is not good even though I have i7 processor, 2 GB Nvidia 660M, and 8 GB RAM. PLEASE REFUND!!!!"
76561197974984489,Recommended,243470,10992489,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Katmad,"Not bad, driving was frustrating till it clicked - still felt clunky tho. Unlike GTA the talents/upgrades just end up making the game trivial. Felt the overall difficulty was very simple. Story was ""ok"". 7/10"
,Recommended,243470,10992813,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Kpb17,"While this game may not look as amazing as it did when it was first shown off, I had a lot of fun playing it. The hacking mechanic is a great evolution for an open world city game. It makes getting away from cops or disabling cars in a chase very interesting. The story is pretty good, and from what I've played the online invasions are fun and challenging."
76561197986744414,Recommended,243470,10358768,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,tomatjuicEn,"Great story, great gameplay, great graphics, alot off things to do and seriously, it has never been so much fun to be chased by the police. 110/10"
,Recommended,243470,10359286,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,SimonRey,"What can I say apart from wow. Firstly after hours and hours of playing I haven't even touched the surface of this game as you can get caught up in so many things, sure there's a few bugs at the start but once you get passed all that it plays so smoothly and I wasn't quite sure how it was going to play but the creators of this game managed to do it, really addictive, 10/10"
,Recommended,243470,10256527,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,AyeAyeLtd,"Maybe I'll change this in the future, but...Watch Dogs seemed really cool. I played for 45 minutes when it came out.Now, 16 hours later, I want to play more. But I can't.I'm typically cool with Always-Online DRM because I always have Internet access on my PC. But when Uplay is down, and I have paid $60 for a loading bar on Uplay, well, that's not so cool.Edit:They've fixed the servers quite a bit. Matchmaking still blows, but everything else in the game is awesome."
76561197993165977,Not Recommended,243470,10359317,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Automatician,Wish i hadn’t wasted $60.00 on this.
,Recommended,243470,10360176,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,chicko168,stole $384 from someone who had been mugged recently
,Not Recommended,243470,10361076,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Kaidan,"Do not buy if you own an AMD graphics card. It won't run at all, and if it does, it'll stutter and have a plethora of other graphics issue. Ubisoft and Nvidia made a deal to use proprietary Gameworks technology to optimize the graphics *for NVidia cards only*.If you own an AMD graphics card, this game will not run. Do not buy it."
,Recommended,243470,10361226,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Zerger,it worts ok on a GTX 780 but badly optimzed for amd
,Recommended,243470,10361367,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,CloakedCoog,"Worth every bit that I paid. Though I was a bit cautious at first to buy the game for launch due to all of the hype that it received, it lived up to everything that was expected. The graphics are phenomenal and the gameplay is wonderful. The realism in the game is also appreciated (i.e. weather changes, time of day, crime activity, and districts of the city) because it stays close to real-life experiences. The free roam and side missions that you can do are great. The campaign is pretty good with an interesting storyline. Worth the money and time investment because it always has something for you to do."
,Recommended,243470,10361577,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Sharky,"Doesn't quite look as good as E3 2012, but still a great game."
,Recommended,243470,10361593,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,fistmedaddy69,"The is game has an exelent story line, it's realistic. The only downfall is finding the sweet-spot in the graphics settings, lucky i have nvidia geforce optimizer, no big deal."
76561198085880675,Recommended,243470,10362330,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,adam4163,I dont know why but gladly I had no problems with Uplay like many other people. It runs at a smooth 60fps with Geforce Experience optimizing it. A few bugs and glitches here and there but it still is a great game overall.
76561197961448840,Not Recommended,243470,10362790,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Killey,"I like the gameplay, but not so much the story.   I recommend waiting for it to go on sale before buying.The gameplay is a fresh breath into open-world GTA style games with the idea of Hollywood Hacking being used to blow up enemy grenades, distract the enemy, or to cause power blackouts to aid in sneaking, among other things.  There are some funky bits where the game developers seemed to be unnecessarily mean to the player, but these are thankfully few and far between.  You might still experience some difficulty when fighting the controls, however; the mouse acceleration in this game is pretty bad.  Using the right tools and weapons in combat does a lot to make you feel powerful.The story is somewhat cliché and a fairly predictable Hollywood action thriller about Hollywood's idea of hacking, and (in my opinion) depends too much on the suffering of female characters to help drive the plot.  Could have been a lot shorter if the plot was aware of collectible audio logs and some other modern technologies.TL:DR; Wait for a sale before buying it."
76561198057250560,Recommended,243470,10362913,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Thehawkman666,"Oh my god...if you don't own this game, you have to get it. i've owned it for about a week, and it has all i've been playing."
,Recommended,243470,10362991,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,SpinCrash,The multiplayer hacking aspect is enough to keep me entertained for a long time.
,Not Recommended,243470,10363152,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,incubo,overrated. easily got bored
,Recommended,243470,10363168,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,acunninghan,"7/10 maybe an 8Maybe i'm lucky but i haven't had any issues while playing the game. I was very excited about it and was little disappointed on the first day, however, the game is quite good, I like the gameplay and the story is interesting but I guess I got carried away by the hype.My recommendation is to wait for a price drop to get it since as I said it’s a good game but definitely not worth 60dls."
76561197968545797,Recommended,243470,10363338,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,RexxRacerX,"This game is pretty horrible.  Bad console port doesn't begin to describe it, terribly unoptimized, terrible controls, and overall a great concept very poorly implemented.Funny how the setting is Chicago, in the USA, and everyone has a European accent, and the distance is in metric!  Will be passing on future Ubisoft titles until after user reviews are out.  Media reviews are worthless, as everyone got a free tablet from Ubisoft for this game that reviewed it."
76561198070855949,Recommended,243470,10363381,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,nemisis,"The game is pretty good, does not run well on crossfire using catalyst 14.4. Runs well enough with a single 7870 on nearly max settings, pins the card at about 98% load the whole time. Apparently its better with the beta catalyst 14.6 but you gotta run windows 8.1 instead of just 8, which I'm not ready to do just yet, heard to many bad stories. Other than that the game is fun and innovative. Of coarse like all the new games there way over priced, 60 dollars for a game is absurd, 40 should be the price point."
76561198099811442,Not Recommended,243470,10363682,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,TrashyWhite,"The moment i loaded the game up i was on high, buzzing my♥♥♥♥♥♥off.... asoon as i leftthe first level on to the street.... my high droped like a bird dropping a turd....This ruiend the game for me. why so much lag on a more than competent pc ????When ubisoft gave us Assassins Creed 3 it was like walking under water in boston, and too thisday this never fixed it!!! Stay away from this game if you got a weak pc, it will not run or will lag.I have a great pc setup that runs all modern games at high/max settings but this game drops fpslike crazy, one minute i gotta buttersmooth 45fps, once i get in a vehicle and drive it drops to 28fps  ??I hope the patch fixes this issue then i will change my review, if not ubisfot has lost a loyal customer this time. I wish i could make a real review but have yet too play any misions becuase of the issuesthe game is giving me spoling the game experinece."
,Not Recommended,243470,10363835,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,GoldenAbyss,"This port is terrible. I think the longest I even played was 10 minutes before the game crashed.If this is what a new Ubisoft game does, well then ♥♥♥♥, I'm not purchasing from Ubisoft anymore. So far, they've had a good track record with me but man, the whole Nvidia favoritisim only shows they had one thing in mind when they made this game, profit."
,Recommended,243470,10288564,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Majestic killer chicken,"9.5/10 perfect game. Reason? The story is great the guns are epic and the hacking is nice. Peope say it is only assassins creed with hacking, it is not its a greater game because you can hack ATM's get perks beat da shet outa people murder anything in sight or you can be  a  vigilantee. The flaws are uplay ( note: ♥♥♥♥ UPLAY IT IS A PEICE OF HORSE♥♥♥♥♥♥ ) l@g and sometimes * like my computer * graphical glitches and msot i see in the reviews are constant crashing but i dotn ahve crashing. ( NOte: the crashing depends on your conntection on my opinion ) Why do people hate it so much on pc? Because of Uplay and Crashing.Multiplayer is great, because you can get on other peoples games and get noteriety for extra skills! the gameplay modes are like hacking or racing but hacking is more unique because you need to hide in crowds or in the shadows. Also if someone who works on ubisoft is seeing this i gotta say 1 thing REMOVE UPLAY!"
,Recommended,243470,10288800,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,ɴ̷xʟ̷ʟ,"While I may feel a little cheated via the graphical comparisons of the E3 demo and the final product I have still found a lot of enjoyment whilst playing through Watch Dogs. So far I have found the story to be engaging and I love the attention to detail in the immersion (the cause and effect ripple). The particles and water in this game look great. The personality of the games characters are very well done.Some of the downsides would be the evident FPS caps and stuttering here and there. At one point I had a strange transparency bug and object edges became pixelated which required me to restart. Another thing would be how little police patrols there are in the city areas and some scenarios will not match up. The inclusion of firing from your vehicle should be something they fix as I found it a little strange that enemies can fire from theirs, although I can see this as a making people use the hacking systems. I definitely think this needs a specific patch for PC gamers to make the most of their expensive hardware and better mouse utilization.Some comparisons were made to Watch Dogs and GTA which I think set the standard to what people are used to. I disagree in some ways due to this being a separate universe. Watch Dogs is more serious than GTA with it's story and grim happenings. GTA has some serious undertones but originally it was more of a wacky Saints Row.I think Watch Dogs is a required taste so if you want a great action/hacking story at a slow-ish pace then I would recommend it. If you want a wacky GTA action styled game then you are only just covered here."
,Recommended,243470,10288969,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Relax Jenner,"Great game, Worth the price. Graphics are good, and the missions are fun. Would be nice if multiplayer had some more modes but free roaming is pretty fun. Pick it up, get some mates on and enjoy it!"
,Recommended,243470,10289043,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Droa,"the story is not the best, but the game make up for it, in the fun it gives.. i played this for hours and hours, even after  the main campain"
,Not Recommended,243470,10265862,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Dewguru,"The review after 12 hours of gameplay was Recommended. I said that the pros outweighed the cons at that point.12 more hours in, I've changed my mind. I didn't purchase this game to have some kind of stupid driving challenge game.It's supposed to be a game about a hacker who's either ruthless or a vigilante, and he's out for revenge while making Chicago his plaything.But no, that's obviously not what it is supposed to be. It's obviously a driving challenge game and compared to others in the open world genre, it simply sucks. I can imagine what you're thinking - ""wait, it's not a driving challenge game"" - well, as the game progresses, you cannot complete the campaign unless you preform some of the most annoying driving challenges around.And when will game developers learn that when I die and get restarted at a check point, that they should give us the option of skipping the cutscene intead of watching it time and time again?It's been a long time since I regretted buying a game so much, and it was the first time in over a year that I even bought the Season Pass. Man, what a sucker I was."
,Not Recommended,243470,10289490,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Ulfhednar,"This game is definitely not worth the retail price of $60 USD / €60 EUR (comeon, Valve - enough with this 1 EUR = 1 USD ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t).The graphics have been vastly downgraded since the E3 footage that has been used to promote the game, and thanks to the so-called ""next gen"" consoles having inferior hardware even BEFORE they were released, this game looks more like GTA: Vice City than any game worthy of a ""Next Gen"" label. Granted, the cut-scenes are more or less on par with the ingame graphics from BioShock Infinite, but apart from some very nice lighting effects, the actual in-game graphics are pretty much hideous.The hybrid single-/multiplayer gameplay is nothing short of an annoyance, but the campaign storyline is compelling enough to warrant a purchase once it's on sale for €20-25  EUR or so. Having pre-ordered this game for €60 based on the E3 media releases, only to be the victim of a huge bait-and-switch easily qualifies as a scam in my book. I sure as hell feel hustled.Hopefully I've learned my lesson and will not pre-order more games for a small discount. Had I waited a month for a sale to appear, I probably would've felt a lot better about this entire ordeal."
76561197970440006,Not Recommended,243470,10289274,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,ploppo,"Shallow game - no real immersion - nothing at all to the immersion of GTA 5, etc.  Go Google 'things to do' in GTA 5 then check what this game offers.  Features a broken moral system to be a menace or a vigilante.  Yet, the player is always a menace because Ubisoft wanted it to be that way.  Hacking is automatic and RANDOM.  You hack a target and get a random result - the game will automatically rob a NPC of their money - no option to choose to rob them or, perhaps, give them money.  Shallow gameplay - other than hacking, the game has nothing new - it's like a grinning turkey that cost £45.00 just to press a key and auto-hack a target to get their money, whether you want their money or not.  You don't buy houses/hideouts - the game auto-magically creates them for you across the map.  The game gives you the option to make money - but you have so little to spend the money on.  Shallow, shallow, shallow game.  I don't hate the game - I just truthfully believe that it fails to deliver anything other than the 'shallow' hacking element - take that away and the game is a fail.  Without the 'shallow' hacking element, this game would be DOA.  Other than that, I had no problems running the game - minor log-in problems.  Just astonished at the lack of immersion - yeh, you can play poker, solve chess puzzles, come across a talking moose head - but just check the things to do in other games compared to what you can do in this game.  I know to avoid a Watch Dogs 2 until it goes on sale."
,Not Recommended,243470,10289570,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,jbyjby90,"See the 10+ hours above?That was me trying to fix this game. Don't use AMD, it'll kill your comp. Multiple crashes, many times it even crashed my computer. I'll remember not to pre order from Ubish** from now on."
,Recommended,243470,10289673,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,$H4D0W DUD3,"Completed the campain in 21h had hoped for more content storywise.Loved the experience, played on high with a 760GTX.Averige AAA Game holds no more then 8h Singleplayer content i would see someone spending 100+hours completing the game fully. Will return to this game for the driving. I like that the game touched on some of the darker subject avoided by ;ost games: Human torture for sexual plesure, Child pornography, Canabalism ect.Overal i consider this a worthy purchase, but i might be biased by the fact that im intrested by the hacking scene."
,Recommended,243470,10289849,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,DeltaWolf7,A must have for those of us who love open world and sandbox games. Great fun just messing with the world.
,Not Recommended,243470,10292469,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,akibasuki,Uplay SUCKS!!!!ONE1!ELEVEN!!!1!
,Not Recommended,243470,10292511,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,ViciousGuineaPig,"Well in my opinion, I DO NOT recommend this game yet, I DO NOT not recoment this game. Yes this game has it's faults with Ubisoft's UPlay (ITS ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T), and the graphics are NOTHING like what they showed in the trailers. I play on Ultra graphics and it still sucks♥♥♥♥♥ However, gameplay is not as bad, with the hacking of other players and missions. PLUS, it has beat the GTA series on the wanted levels. The game is not the best and better than worse, like 7 out of 10. Yes, it's a C. The game's good features is the skill tree and online. THOSE ARE THE BEST. You will get a jump, (and for me) tempting to kill all the people im hacking. So I do wish you could hack more, but this is not the best game, but I will wait for future patches and DLC."
76561197971307669,Not Recommended,243470,10292616,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Philip_Fry,"A good idea badly implemented.  I can run ARMA3 perfectly at max settings, yet this game gives me about 1 frame per second."
,Recommended,243470,10292709,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Mr.Snuggles,"ahhh man this game is awsome, the graphics the gameplay mechanics, no glitches or framerate tearing or desync for me at all. best game of 2014 so far for me."
,Not Recommended,243470,10292880,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Ham Sandwiches,"The gameplay is tolerable, the story is not. Please do not purchase if you are looking for an interesting narrative. The only way I'd get this is if I was absolutely desperate for open world gameplay and had played everything else. If you go that route, just be prepared for how awful the story is, and how the game is constantly interfering with your attempts to play it."
,Not Recommended,243470,10293046,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,cdh,Mouse Accel
,Recommended,243470,10293071,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,John Heifer,"The driving mechanics are poor, but the overall are really great. You can be a total sycho that kills everyone in the street plus everyone in the mission, or be a stealth and unknown city guardian angel that helps everybody and makes all his jobs without taking down enemies."
,Not Recommended,243470,10293119,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,ReaganSMAAAAASH,"I don't write reviews. It's a waste of my time.. there are plenty of other people who will do this for me. However, I can't pass on it this one time. One word to sum this over-hyped game up? Garbage. Besides the obvious (Uplay), this game offers absolutely nothing to the genre. One of the reviews on Metacritic summed it up perfectly; and here is a little piece from the review:""The gameplay is a joke. Walk & drive around, find your target, ""hack"" something (hacking is just pressing the Q key) and then a bunch of bozos shoot you and you die. Repeat. That's it. No actually gameplay as such.""There is a reason why the user review is a whopping 4.5.. don't waste your time or money on this. I wish I hadn't.."
,Not Recommended,243470,10293186,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,pmwws,THIS GAME IS BROKEN! I was so disapointed to find that all the people's faces had no textures load (a game breaking glitch) making all of their faces pitch black.
,Not Recommended,243470,10293344,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Rioxel,"Awfull physicsBoring and extremely annoying stealth missionoverrated system requirementsvery limited hacking possibilitiesmultiplayer... well why is it even thereThe good thing is if you like typical ""cliche"" revenge stories, well you got it."
,Recommended,243470,10293275,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Masayuki,"Good game 8/10  the hype was problably to big, the game disapoints in many ways.Graphically and gameplay wise.  Am sure most review will have more or less the same tone.  It's not like there is any other games out right now to keep you busy on the AAA sides.  Good thing they avoided the GTA storm because the prob would not have sold as many copies of the game.  I think Ubisoft business machine is leaning toward cash grab more  than  actual quality.  This is the same type of disapointment I got with Deus Ex human revolution, that game could have been so much more.Anyway rant is over.   still good just does not live up to the hype.Wow I finished the game pretty quickly 18hrs,  will have to go for the extra content now.  Not sure if I will actually do that.  Depends on how completing the investigations turns out."
76561197970345553,Not Recommended,243470,10293512,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,mikeallen911,"Long review, but if you read nothing else: I know what you are thinking, but don't do it.  Trust me, don't do it.  It's not going to deliver what you want.Heavy weighs the crown for open world/sandbox games.  The fact is that the GTA series is the gold standard.  I know it has a lot of haters, but it's true.  Rockstar dedicates their whole lineup to furthering the series.  To improve driving, they make racing games.  To improve combat, they make third person shooters.  The end result is the most complete package you are going to get for a go anywhere, do anything game.  No other company does what they do, that is why every other company fails to match GTA.  Sure, there are other series that offer unique stuff, like Crackdown, Saint's Row or Sleeping dogs, but none of them are anywhere close to being as complete as GTA.Watch Dogs' attempt to compete with GTA was to implement hacking into the mix.  It is cool...for ten minutes.  The story up to the point I'm at, is decent.  But the overall game just wears on me.  The controls are some of the worst I've seen in the past several years.  Just moving around on foot is a pain.  Assassins Creed has a problem where you character wants to do crazy jumps off any raised surface he walks by.  Imagine that, except Aiden Pearce doesn't do parkour, so instead he just hangs up on every sharp edge like an idiot (to be fair though, it's about as awkward as you'd expect from a hacker trying to take down the criminal underworld).Driving is the worst I have seen since PS1 days.  At first I thought it was because I was used to playing racing games on consoles.  I finally hooked up my 360 controller to use for driving (the best thing I can say about this game is the ability to use both controller inputs at the same time).  I still can't go more than a few city blocks without crashing.  I'm not saying I'm an expert, but I probably have about 12 hours in Forza 5, and I've never finished a race in anything but first place.  I feel I should be able to tackle downtown Chicago driving.Combat is bad.  The stealth mechanic is pretty good, and if you go through the game slowly picking off enemies with your silenced pistol, you probably won't have any complaints about the combat.  The moment you have to fight your way out of parking garage, but will probably want to put your fist through your monitor, especially when your character gets hung up on a corner as mentioned about.Story is ok.  However, it's not the deep, thought provoking story centered on morality and hacking you were promised.  This game is the modern video game equivalent of the movie Hackers.I have not had any problems with uPlay.  I effing hate that I have to open the game with it, but it has never held me up.  I wish that other companies would face the fact that they were too late to the game.  Steam already has an all in one package, and I don't need another social media network in my life.Bottom line:  If you are reading this, it's because you were excited about this game and probably pretty surprised that so many people gave it a thumbs down.  In that case, wait it out, and pick this game up during a Steam sale.  It is worth $20-30, but please do not buy it for $60 (or $70 like I did)."
,Not Recommended,243470,10293529,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Miguet,"The more I play this game the more upset and disappointed I am that I wasted my money on a tired rehashing of old ""open-world"" concepts. The game feels as though they took pieces of Assassin's Creed and Far Cry 3, slapped them together under a bland Chicago skin, and added ""Hacking"" as a feature. Hitting Q constantly as I walk/drive around does not make me feel  as though there is anything special, and within minutes the feature is barely an afterthought rather than the genre-defying masterpiece that was hyped.This game is not worth anywhere near the price, not worth a buy for more than 15.00"
,Recommended,243470,10293748,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,dufran3,"While I don't love the fact that they force feed UPlay, the game plays flawlessely on my setup and is exactly what I had hoped for!"
76561198091768430,Not Recommended,243470,10293795,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Tzenjin,Alot of problems.Driving Sucks. Controls on PC are crap. Police and AI are either ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ or impossible.Only thing good is the story but trying to go through the meaningless repetative missions get old fast and boring quickly.
76561197969802842,Not Recommended,243470,10271683,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,WrongWay_Mafia,"Very buggy, laggy  horrible chop in game..    forced mouse accel, and about 50 other things broken..I am sooo glad i didnt buy ps4 just for this stupid game...Last ubi soft purchase EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,243470,10271693,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Justicar,"I had a little bit of fun. But when you get down to the nitty gritty. This game has no soul, nothing to it.GTA IV is years old now, but is still a better experience in every single way. It has more content, more detail, better story, better characters, better environment, better AI, Everything better. And if you can get the proper mods working, looks 100 times better than this does currently.This whole game just feels fake, it runs terribly, it's buggy, the AI is terrible, there's a pointless moral system, the extent of hacking you do is holding X and watching a few cameras,  mouse acceleration, cliche characters, bad voice acting. Terrible terrible meme's everywhere. Horrid vehicle controls, and questionable choices on how vehicles handle. . .dump truck turns better than sports car.Then there's a 1,000 little details the devs decided to leave out that make thigns seem lifeless.examples: No one ever gets on and off the trams. There's never cops unless someone calls them on you. Kill someone on the street, no ambulance ever comes. Only one civilian will ever phone the police when you go and start shooting. Never more than one person in a car, also means no taxi's. The extent of police chases is one helicopter and a few cars. And they have no means of chasing you over water. and the list goes on, and on, and on.Oh and the multiplayer barely functions at best, and there are horrible latency issues and lots of room for abuse of the 1v1 game modes.I would say Ubisoft tried, but I don't think they did at all. They gave us a few really pretty videos to reel us in and then took all our money while giving us a subpar product.."
,Recommended,243470,10380397,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Tom Cruise,iz good
,Recommended,243470,10370038,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Amir,"great game, u need to have some patience, if u have it, it will be a fun game for u!"
,Recommended,243470,10380982,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,FalcoN,Great game but is optimised towards nvidia.Dont get it wrong as even o nvidia cards it gets lag .Best bang for buck card right now is gtx 750ti
,Recommended,243470,10381547,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Bobby Bass,"Pretty good game. Nice graphics and all. The only bad thing is the short storyline, which should have been about 20 hours longer. If Ubi does a sequel, it will be amazing, because since the engine is already there they will only need to polish it and they willbe able to make a longer storyline."
76561198015062701,Recommended,243470,10381797,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,AscensioN,"game is fine. runs great at Ultra settings with a 760 4gb and a AMD 8350 8x processor, 16gb of RAM, and some cheap Gigabyte board.I'm just not satisfied with how the driving feels compared to a motocycle in the game. The vehicles give this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ burst of acceleration even if tapping a key or slightly moving your joystick forward. Driving in this game sucks and takes a while to get use to without running into everything you see.Gameplay mechanics are good, except for the aiming mechanics."
76561197970657465,Not Recommended,243470,10382385,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Chollo,"Horrible game. Absolutly horrible. I hate how the multiplayer is done. I would like to partake in it, but in order to do that I have to have my single player game disrupted at all times. There is no fun in that at all. Why can't I simply enoy MP when I want and SP when I want. In order to do that, I lose all my advancement in MP. The gameplay is choppy, the story is poor. It is like a better graphical version of a bad GTA game with worse driving and worse combat.For all the hype, it is an unthoughtout game with poor implementation. game and a waste of my money."
76561197963873118,Recommended,243470,10382729,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Ayatolah Squish,"What a mixed bag... For such a hyped game, it really shiould have been clearer just what the core gameplay is.  Dreams of remaining a ghost in Chicago's underworld are dispelled in just a few minutes of gameplay when passers-by say ""isn't that the vigilante?""  The hacking sequences are reduced to a single button-press making them feel trivial (even the drinking challenge mini game is  more involved) and in all this is a far more shooting-centric game than maybe it should have been.  It's basically a GTA-alike, with some nice atmosphere which reminds me of City of Heroes.Technically, it's apalling.  I've never had bluescreen errors on my PC before playing Watchdogs, and I had three in the first few days.  It's randomly set my brightness to ""too dark to see"" (the setting advises me to set brightness so the logo is only just visible.  Brighness to 100 - what logo?!?)  and the camera can jump around when driving at speed, leaving you unable to see the road ahead, especially in multiplayer driving challenges.That much-hypes multiplayer content includes some very nice ideas, but is often completely uncontrollable (not jst in driving), and full of bugs (bullet-proof enemies, enemies on foot moving at motorcycle speeds).  The mobile app is a fantastic idea, but when Playing against mobile opponents I've never completed a match successfully, as they always disconnect when I'm winning, leaving no reward and a very bad taste in the mouth...But for all that, it's not actually a *bad* game - the story is absolutely on rails, and don't kid yourself you can play the characer ""your way"", but it's entertaining.  It's just that we've really seen most of this before, and the hype suggested we'd be getting something a bit more novel.In film terms, if you're looking for a thriller, you're out of luck.  If you're a GTA fan and want another high-gunfire action-fest which also features one-button hacking, here it is."
,Not Recommended,243470,10383840,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,LoD-Sleeper,"Positives:I haven't  had trouble logging in like some other players.Most of the minigames are pretty fun, and there are lots of them.Polished graphics.Great time waster.Not so positive:Absolutely Zero Challenge. You will only die if you stop looking at the screen.Story gets old, immediately. Never feel invested.The campaign is disjointed by the fact that you can unlock and do almost everything immediately.Going on with that last thought, skill progression is way too fast and easy so you lose interest fast. (11 hours for me)"
76561198062755795,Not Recommended,243470,10384941,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Ollie,"I would not recomend this for $60, but if you can get it for under $30 go for it.It's a fun game with a large world, but the characters have 0 personality.  The driving physics are like a walrus in a bath tub, some of the missions become very frustratingly difficult because of this.  There are tons of visual bugs (headlights shine through concrete walls, no bullet hit animations, tap a fence at half a mile an hour an the whole fence shatters like a pane of glass, etc.)  The store line is rather short, and the side quests are stupid (find QR codes, check in at locations with a 4 squares like application).  Also there is the save game bug to contend with if you want to use any of the multi player features.All in all for $60 I would not recomend this, wait until the steam summer sale and if it goes to $30 or less pick it up, if it doesn't it's not really a must have game so you can pass on it."
76561198022065673,Not Recommended,243470,10385299,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Entt,"Require Uplay to load the game, and it isn't loading for me after I purchased it."
,Recommended,243470,10385370,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Ticc Tocc,"So I am more or less in the middle ground about how to feel about this game. Admittedly, my laptop isn't the most powerful in order to play this game without any hiccups in graphics. Everyone is jumping on the bandwagon that this game is horrible, but in my honest opinion it is not that bad. The gameplay is good and the story is amazing if not a tad shorter than I was expecting it to be. All opinions and expectations aside, I am disappointed by the bugs the lie here and there in the game. For starters during the mission where you have to kill Crispin to steal his identity, given I am not the most perfect MLG pro or anything, I died a few times and was frustrated at the fact that I would be spawned under the map unable to do anything but restart the mission from the beginning. Also for some random reason after a multiplayer mission failure, I respawned with my weapon wheel wiped except the starting pistol. Not to mention it reset some of my campaign data so I can't play online again. So I like the game itself, but dislike the bugs that lie hidden in wait. Meh"
76561198070780213,Recommended,243470,10385739,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,kateland,"there are a lot of whiners out there complaining about this game. i guess if you dont have the hardware for it, i could understand. though, in this day and age of gaming, you should have the proper hardware, so i have no sympathy for you.in any case, this game is pretty darn awesome! i am thoroughly enjoying it and would highly recommend it. just do us all a favor first...invest in a gaming pc, for the love of everything holy..."
76561198043160144,Recommended,243470,10386110,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Chungus Jones,Best Slideshow I ever played! 14/10
76561198003605380,Not Recommended,243470,10386180,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Hyperfiction,Feels like unfinished at the moment. I do not recommend. I also feel like i have just been ripped off... No more than a week and they publish a DLC to this. Business is business but i thought Ubisoft was worth to support but this was the last product i'm going to invest on.
,Recommended,243470,10386206,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,[HanC] Crackskulls,"Awsome game.  If you played the original Shadowrun and have been waiting for a truly modernized version, and can appreciate the amazing driving simulation engine of gta, you will love Watchdogs."
76561198087955767,Not Recommended,243470,10386544,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Kerberos,"NO SPOILERSThis game is OK at best. It is definitely not worth $59.99, and god forbid if you paid for the deluxe package.I loved the idea of a game centered on hacking and technology, but that's not what Watch_Dogs is. To hack, you hold down a button and hacking is only integral to the game in some parts of the main missions. It is fun, though, to wander around and look at the funny and crazy profiles of random people passing by.I have a GeForce GT 635M graphics card, Intel(R) Core (TM) i7-3630QM CPU 2.40GHz with 16 GB of RAM so I wasn't expecting great graphics, but my computer should be able to handle it. However, on the lowest settings, it lags horribly. I've researched this a bit and this is happening to other people with better graphics cards too. Apparently, according to PCGamer, Ubisoft is going to release a patch to fix this for PCs.The story line is pretty good but nothing new.The gameplay is rather awkward on PC, so I use an Xbox controller. The game seems to be more optimized for consoles. The driving mechanics are ridiculous, it's like driving on ice. It has the driving mechanics of Saints Row 4, but much smaller roads, making it really hard to maneuver with such ""slick"" roads. The car essentially has a little boost when you first hit the trigger and then floors it. The roads are just to small for this kind of driving. The cops are pretty similar to GTA V's and can be really hard to evade since you can't control your car very easily. The fighting mechanics are odd too. Using the cops as an example again, the cops are really good and more realistic in their actions/aim, but it's too difficult to fight them. The snap-to-enemy auto aim isn't consistent.What I do like about the game, though, is that walking around is smooth and streamlined. This seems to be one of the only good parts of the game.Overall this game was overhyped and brought nothing new to the table. It's not worth the money, wait a while for it to go on sale.5/10"
,Recommended,243470,10281611,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Sparrowash,"I liked it, after compleating the main story there is still a good amount of stuff to do and its nice to just walk arond and see what happens."
76561197968444118,Not Recommended,243470,10281618,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,FDNY,bahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
76561197971685163,Not Recommended,243470,10281772,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Sgt_Savage,"I have I5 3.4 cpu,16 gig 2133 memory,2 ati 6850 in crossfire mode,asus p8 z77-v lk motherboard and drivers are all up to date but when i hit play it just comes up with ubi logo and then another box comes up saying thank you for playing.I checked file intergity and did a reinstall on uplay but no success.I wish i could review this game but won't play for me."
,Not Recommended,243470,10281778,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Harry Tuttle,"I have played 10 minutes of this game and so far I'm upset.  I have a 3 monitor setup with a pair of GTX 460's in SLI and there is no Field of View controls built into the display options menu.  That right there is a sign...  There is not even an advanced menu option which to confirms to me pandering to crappy consoles.  I know that console sales can make or break a game these days, but if you are serious about gaming you are not doing it on a console so put in support for basic  like Eyefinity support.  As far as the actual game goes I have no idea.  I'm off to the googley lands to find if I can edit some freakin .ini file or something to make this work or maybe if I wait long enough they will add it to widescreenfixer?  F this...  And I didn't even mention Uplay!  Derrrpp!"
,Recommended,243470,10281895,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,iDoctor,"Well, my first impression were the blue screen of death and a complete restore of my PC.   After that I realized that AMD had released a new beta driver which helped with watch dogs.  after downloading that I have had absolutely no problems!  If you are running an AMD gfx definatley download the 14.6 beta driver!  The game itself is pretty decent.  Lots of things to do and a realistic enviroment!"
76561198046827167,Not Recommended,243470,10281906,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Trump Lives Matter,"This game bugged out completely and erased all of my unlocks including guns. To make matters worse, I can't unlock them again because it says I already have them unlocked. In addition I can no longer go online because it says I haven't gotten far enough in the smain storyline (I have). This game was very fun while it lasted. Tis a shame."
,Recommended,243470,10281924,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,s̵̶͜u̶͠n̨͞ḑ͠͝o̵̸wn,"I ran over 3 people, no one cares.10/10-Yes, it is a joke, but this game is accually VUNERFUL! I FROM VEST BERLIN!"
76561198017044353,Recommended,243470,10280588,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,CRASHBOX,After playing the game for a few hours im ♥♥♥♥ed that there is still stupid little bugs like MP join and online conacts within game locking up which is preventing me from doing nothing once im in contacts...ive tried the left and right arrows to come out of contacts and but it does nothing so i have to alt tab the gaame and start again....this game should not of been released yet as its not even worthy of beta and as for Uplay you guys have messed up yet again..why dont you get a decent distributor and please the people that pay your wages...£44.00 waste of god damm money so its going in the bin of BS....
,Not Recommended,243470,10282039,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,deathnot000,"This game is pretty much a mash of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ hacking and gta. movement techniques are from assassins creed, and well, considering e3 promised us the most realistic shooter hacking game with the most realistic physics and whatnot, and after being delayed 8 months, to say the least i was♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198061322293,Recommended,243470,10282082,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,ThatCornDog,waaaaaiiiitttt for the patch
,Recommended,243470,10282105,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,CanisLupis138,Don't see why so many people have performance issues.8/10+fun multiplayer+responsive controls+nice visuals+good story-bait and switch ad campaign-relatively small world (feels a bit like GTAIV map)+/- I personally don't like the driving physics but I feel most people will find the driving goodAs a side note I have not had any crashes nor have I had any problems with Uplay
,Not Recommended,243470,10281166,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Darth Stewie,"Game runs pretty good for me, when it works. Have had zero crashes, but the occasional glitch where it seems the game turns on a giant white strobe light in my face.  Have to pause or bring up the map for it to go away.Specs:AMD FX-8350 @4.0ghz Black Edition32GB DDR3 1866 RAMGeForce GTX660Reason why I downvote this game is because UPlay is a piece of trash.  I realized this after the release of Splinter Cell: Conviction.  It literally fails to sync my saved games to the cloud about 10 times before it -finally- goes through; or at least thought it did.EDIT: Tried playing this game again, took me all the way from Act 2 where I left off the last time I played, back to the very beginning."
,Not Recommended,243470,10282138,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Frost White Fox,Crap Crap Crap. oh more Crap!
,Not Recommended,243470,10282290,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Crogic,Uplay = Fail
,Not Recommended,243470,10282385,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Tahajin,"What happens when you consolidate...The open world and driving elements from Sleeping Dogs/GTA...?The pre-animated takedowns and adhering cover-shooting mechanics of Deus Ex: Human Revolution...?The digital mayhem and periodic zaniness of Saints Row IV...?And throw in a derivative cast with a heavily touted 'hacking' element that boils down to 'Press Q to Meddle'...?A game that doesn't even come close to the sum of its parts. (And that's without mentioning the numerous technical flaws, faulty DRM and optimization issues showcased in the other negative reviews.)This is beyond just a simple Day One Patch.This is just a subpar medley of things other games have done much better (like the aformentioned).Taken as is - and when it works, its execution is a solid'Eh.'Considering the pedigree andall the hype?It drops down to'Ugh.'I'd argue that even GTA IV had more polish for its time but, in doing so, I'd digress severely.Just... Just save your money, alright?If youmustsee this for yourself, wait until the inevitable 75% Off."
76561198122511723,Recommended,243470,10282428,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,peteyb,"It was made clear that we needed Uplay for this game, so I don't know why everyone is complaining about it.  This isn't where we review Uplay, this is for Watch Dogs.  So with that said, I am recommending this game.  Just make sure your computer can handle it.  The story is very intriguing so far and all the freedom and side missions/mini games make this a very large game that can be played for a very long time.  I do have a complaint about the driving as I have experienced an FPS drop at high speeds.  But overall, the game looks beautiful and runs smoothly (at least on my rig).Personally I use a gamepad controller and I love the controls.A lot of objectives can be obtained several ways (sort of like a Deus Ex stealth/combat choices) which is really fun.In terms of an RPG, don't expect too much.  Watch Dogs has the typical skill tree and all that, but something I believe it lacks is character customization.  There are a few outfits to choose from but they seem to look similar to each other except for a color change here or there.I'm still pretty new to the game, so I'm not sure about all the features, but it seems like there is a lot that can be added down the line.  I keep seeing armored trucks driving around and I would love some bank jobs (not sure if that's available or not, but based on the progression tree it doesn't look like it).I find aiming and shooting a little difficult in the game, a little weird too.  You can see the bullet travel which makes it a very slow and unrealistic shot.I think I'll finish with comparing some features to other games:Police search radius (like GTA5)Hacking (similar to Deus Ex, but in my opinion Watch Dogs is better)Weapon wheel (like many Rockstar games)Skill tree (like several games, can't really think of similar one)Ok well, I guess I'm done.  I recommend this game and it has a lot of potential for future DLC content.  This was my first review by the way, I was just sick of seeing people rip this game and thought I would actually talk about the game instead of the program used to launch the game."
76561198108267864,Not Recommended,243470,10282460,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,High Ground,i cant even start my game! every time i try i just get a black screen and i have to unplug my computer and plug it back up and turn everything back on! UGH!! Get your sh*t together and fix this game Ubisoft PLEASE!!!!
76561198071568211,Recommended,243470,10282503,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,craigyb2323,"This game is getting better and better ! At first it does come across as a cheap version of GTA but then the more you play the better it becomes.I would of liked to see a bit more fighting action as it was in sleeping dogs and a progression through that, but at the moment i am happy with my purchase even tho i keep bloody dying!.The driving is not as responsive as i would like but it does really differ from car to car, no shooting from car unless i havent found out how to is annoing tho as other A.I in the game can."
76561198025420296,Not Recommended,243470,10282607,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,clowdy,"This game is awful and not even close to worth its price. Forget any online reviews or hype, this game sucks!"
76561198128936142,Not Recommended,243470,10282621,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,gaming.mod.members,"Even with my pc set to ultra setting the game seem to suffer from frame rate drops, blurry effects and tons of glitches. The storyline was a sleeper and i felt disconnected from the game itself. The city was lifeless and detached and the A.I in the game were unaware of there environment making this game less believable as a real living city and when it came down too the storyline the acting wow was like a low budget movie at this point i really lost interest in the game. Driving OMG! and with some wtf!!!! the driving mechanics in this game (((((( SUCK! ))))) feel as if your playing drunk down right awful what a waste of my money and i paid for the top-edition about $80 and got this mine you i'm running this on a elite pc with a overclock i7-4770k 4.9 ghz, Ram G-SKILL 32GB of dual-channel PC DDR3 1866, dual Msi Raoeon R9 280X 6GB DDR5 O.C Edition Video cards, 1,000 watt power supply Mach1 gold, Motherboard MSI Z87M Gaming G Series OC Genie4, With an thermaltake water 3.0 performer cpu copper block water cooler, 5TB SSD and my network speed about 75MB. so as you can see i'm running a good gaming pc and the game still suck. BUYER BEWARE BUY AT YOUR OWN RISK!!!!"
76561198173729795,Recommended,243470,20336609,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Your New Homie G,Was un able to find any dogs to watch however I can't seem to go for more then 10 minutes without seeing a prositute on every corner hey im just saying I live in chicago there aint this many ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s -Sincerly The slighly offended mattmachman that likes to hack other players and cause mayhem when he does. -P.S. i shoulda made that last part shorter
76561198025295085,Recommended,243470,20221406,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Zargis,"This is an amazingly fun game, and leveling up without cheating is easy if you simply 'take down' enemies rather than kill them in the Crime Watch side missions (you can get these 1 every 5 minutes or so, and get 500xp each time ir 250xp if you kill the opponent.)Head shots also give bonus XP.The only word of warning i have however is this: EXPLORE and level FIRST if you can. (Or, beat the game and then simply restart and backup your saves at level 50 without doing the main storyline or gang missions)I say this as once the main story is complete, and once you perform many of the missions which SEEM to be replayable at first, they are not. So though you can roam randomly throughout the streets you will get bored at the end as there are no available missions left.But really, replaying it from the beginning is only annoying for two reasons (which is why you want to make a primary save with everything already unlocked) 1: SKILLS, 2: Money. (really, if you have skills unlocked... you don't need money.)LAST WORD OF ADVICE: If you do not want RANDOM PEOPLE entering your game and attacking you in multiplayer, then make sure to TURN OFF ""Player Intrusions"" in ONLINE options. (Although, you get a LOT of XP for winning matches.)****EDIT****I just found out... my advice regarding the GANG, Convoy, etc. (Side missions) While normally NOT REPLAYABLE - have been fixed by a game patch!!! (^.^)Main Menu > Gameplay > RESET SIDE MISSION CONTENT(note: this option is ONLY VISIBLE when you are actually in your game, not from the initial start menu)***** EDIT 2 ***** (after completing game)***PARTIAL SPOILERS (but no names or anything mentioned) ***I would like to note that the game is riddled with a memory leak sadly, making you have to force close and re-open every 3hours or so. Additionally, the main storyline was good for the first half of the game, but the 2nd half was simply terrible.I enjoyed the side missions and exploration much more than the last 10 main missions, and honestly; they left me with a bad taste in my mouth.Note: still recommend the gameAll this being said, what is truly sad is that the main storyline COULD have been good, but not great. Still, Ubisoft ruined it. There are three major issues with it.Note: u-play DLC content has to be registered separately so it is annoying as well in that regard...1- almost every main mission is either, Chase a Car, Kill 30 people, or Get to Point A then B and finally C. etc. (Very linear and no room to do things different ways)In essence, they turned a potential hacker / behind the scenes antagonist into a gun slinging gang-banger killing vigilante who has nothing to do with the 'high-tech' or 'business' worlds. The trailers made it look like you would go into clubs in the city and do so much more espionage-like things... but it was a lie.I kept wondering, why the heck am I walking around the slums / ghetto? Why do I have to go on foot to someone's location to hack them because my house was just REMOTELY hacked? (fyi - I AM a programmer.)2- Some of the main story simply doesn't make sense. At one point a good way through, 20 mercenaries go to kill ONE unarmed person and you're trying to stop it.Stupidity. The mission designers should NEVER be allowed to work on another main storyline; of any game, EVER AGAIN. Maybe instead it should've been a sniper and you have to chase them down?In another mission you chase down gangbangers who... no, you're not going to believe this. They drive... *sigh* I don't want to even say it. It's THAT bad.Okay fine, they drive a f***ing Firetruck.Really.Yes.A FIRETRUCK.It's as if the mission designers were like:""hmmm. We need this to be really hard to kill. Let's just toss in the vehicle with the most HP in the game and say goodbye to the story! Yeah, from here on out, smoke weed and eat mushrooms the rest of the time!""Eventually the main missions simply yank your brainless body by a chain as the player will surely question the cut scenes and phone calls wondering, why am I doing all this monkey business when a guy is holding my family hostage.Why am I holding someone hostage the entire game? (never explained, ever.)WHY did mission designers eat mushrooms before going to work?3- This game in all aspects from the beginning, appeared to be capable of playing entierly without using a gun; or as a stealth play through (i.e. completely non-detected)However, this is highly missleading. While one might assume based on the trailers and initial gameplay, that this is in fact a game with primary gameplay as 'hacking'; it is a secondary role to gunplay. (Again, at the beginning this is not apparent at all as the first few missions are sneak based)This being said, the game rewards you for playing the good guy, not killing people etc.Then, the main storyline is completely the opposite; indeed - after Act 2 you essentially have no choice in 75-85% of missions but to kill everyone (it is the only objective listed. ""Eliminate all enemies"") Yes, technically you can knock them out (usually). But, that means you cannot simply bypass them in certain places as doors remain locked until you deal with all of them.Another issue is that; with main missions where it appears 'you are supposed to not use  deadly force' i.e. ""complete mission without being noticed"" - does not mean this. Kill anyone you want as long as enemies don't detect you. (i.e. shoot them in the head when their not looking)Unfortunately, the game ASSUMES you ALWAYS do this. Why is that? Well, I played the entire game as a stealthy hacker and only used guns when absolutely necessary (almost never - opting for blackouts, grenades and stealth take downs)The Game however, even if I silently take down EVERYONE for certain missions, assumes I did not. What's worse, it will send another 20 or 30 people after you in multiple trucks and cars and everyone will act like you can't do anything with any bit of stealth skill. Wow, so all those guys I just knocked out or sneaked past apparently let me do that and had their friends waiting outside the parking lot to ambush me. What the hell...Ranting a little.I still am glad I bought this game, but quite frankly I wish someone would re-do the main storyline so it feels better. Near the end of act two I was really involved and then... somewhere around seeing mechanical dragon-spider-machinegun-lighting mechanoid traps.... the missions becoming illogical, and the final mission being the most annoying thing ever because your screen tears the entire time... I just said 3 words.F***... You... Ubisoft.Yes, I still like the game. But the main story.... ruined yesterday night. And I Liked this game so much I put 50 hours into it in 5 days. Still have DLC to explore. I hear its way better than the main story."
,Recommended,243470,20264532,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,subType,"I have completed this game on the PS4 and at first i wasn't sure i liked it but after completing the story i kept finding myself remembering some of the mission and thinking that i really enjoyed them.These thoughts kept nagging at me and when i decided to upgrade my PC to a gaming rig and got rid of my PS4 i eventually purchased Watch_Dogs during a winter sale for £11.99 and am enjoying it even more than i did on the PS4.Idont usually write reviews but i do feel that there are a number of negative reviews that I feel are unjustified. The game is an open world sand box and there is enough to do around the city without doing any of the missions. The convoy, gang hideouts and fixer missions are fun and i enjoyed the story and campain missions. The campain missions can be completed in a number of ways - stealth, full on gun fight or simply hack. One mission i did not even enter the compound and used the cameras and hacked everything. I completed the mission got in a car and drove away. Thats what makes this game fun!I dont do the online much but i do get other gamers infiltrate my game and hack my systems which is fun especially when I catch up with them and it ends with a chase around the city and fatal gun shoot out.Its not perfect and the car physics are questionable as some are really hard to control but there is not much i dont like about it.But please give this game a chance its a plesent surprise. Runs really well on my system - i7 4.0Ghz, 16GB Ram and a Geforce 960 2GB. I have eveything but shadows on ultra and its great. I have heard smaller rigs will struggle buts its so worth it."
,Recommended,243470,20193206,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,MidnightDragons,9/10 - Needs more dogs.
,Recommended,243470,20225070,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,xSHERU,GREAT CONTENT TO PLAY......
,Recommended,243470,30529160,Posted: 15 March,all,█▀█ █▄█ ▀█▀,should be cheaper
,Recommended,243470,20432362,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Cedde,"This game is for people who like open world action games but the problem with this game is the bad optimisation, lots of framedrops and you need a very solid gaming PC to be able to play this game fluently.I only got bored after 40 hours so in my case it was worth playing it. It's not a bad game, but not an excellent game neither."
76561198088317927,Recommended,243470,20411806,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,CHARL1-BRAVO,ons of my top games love it i realy recommend it!!!
,Recommended,243470,19501070,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Mus,"The story was very fun and interactive. You can hack pretty much anything, bridges, traffic lights, even pedestrian atm cards from their phones.The Online Features include Racing and 1 v 1 combat, which  have people come and invade you or you invade them. If you invade another player, you cannot use any weapons and you have to escape. Sort of like Cat and Mouse. The Invades can be randomed, I've had 9 people invade me in one day and it can be very annoying to really bloodpumping. It can happened at the worst times though.If your looking for a game to keep you occupied for a while, both online and and offline. This is the game for you."
76561197971548791,Recommended,243470,19525733,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Nabs,"Great game, but you will feel it lacks so many side quest or options like GTA5 or the GTA series. hoping for watch dogs 2 will have more content."
,Not Recommended,243470,19524495,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Rosé,I've been wanting this game for so long but when i get it I CANT EVEN OPEN IT!!!
76561198042048703,Recommended,243470,12983107,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Narsan,"Big Brother is watching you.. (Nineteen Eighty-Four).. No wait, is Aiden and the F*** CTos xD"
,Recommended,243470,19403996,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,TeddyRoosevelt'sHandsomeBrother,"The game isn't revolutionary as it was advertised and fits the ubisoft open-world model of map icon overload. However, there is a solid open-world action game here, just not a particularly memorable one. Alost, the MP was brilliant, though probably completely dead now."
76561198252016888,Recommended,243470,19408320,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,ROYAL  |   KuBA,"Runs great on my rig so lets get that out of the way. Not sure why so many people are hating but the game is great, yes UPlay blows harder than your sister in the 3rd grade but don't let that stop you from enjoying this one of a kind game.Driving mechanics: I think they're not bad but if you're used to GTA it'll take a little getting used to. Actually once you get the hang of it you'll be surprised how much fun it can be, especially hacking while driving.Hacking: Are you kidding me? Hacking is mad dope and so original too.Shooting: I enjoy it a lot.Bottow line is: get it on sale (mine was $16) and enjoy yourself.UPlay can suck by balls though"
,Recommended,243470,19406532,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Mah Boi Artix,"Having played the game on both the PS4 and PC, I sadly must say that in this case the PS4 version is the more polished version. Despite the myriad of reviews claiming countless bugs, not the least of which was the crashing issues people experienced regularly, I personally encountered none of the sort. That being said, since purchasing the game I have since returned it for one reason: unstable framerate. Although this case may not be applicable to everyone, I was constantly encontering spikes in the framerate regardless of graphical settings. Aside from that the game is worth the buy should it be on sale."
76561198125959692,Recommended,243470,19451031,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Krix,"If you're an Assassin's Creed fan and have been longing for that present day version of Assassin's Creed, then this will do the trick until it arrives.  The Story ""Assassin's Creeded"":You play a vigilante hacker/agent that's fighting a much larger system that has implemented city-wide monitoring and collection of data called ctOS.  Sound like anyone;  Templars maybe?  You work with an underground organization of secret hackers called DedSec.  Sound like anyone:  Assassin's Guild maybe?  You don't parkour so much, but stealth is key.  So is navigating terminals and security cameras to sometimes complete your objectives without even entering a restricted area.  Guns are you tools of death, not blades.For what it's worth (and now that it's been through the ringer of patches) Watch_Dogs is very playable and very enjoyable."
76561198043986403,Recommended,243470,19451176,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,GrYmFirE13,Pros:1.Shoot everything2.kill everyone3.Hacking=good4.Cool characters5.stealth6.etc.Cons:1.UPLAY2.Uplay3.Uplay4.Uplay (get the point!)5.LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOONG Storyline
76561198166724324,Not Recommended,243470,19447082,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,brandoncuomo,Bol sit
,Recommended,243470,19447425,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Goofballs,Not that good a game still with technical issues. That said it has gameplay ideas when almost everything in the genre is drive here and shoot people or run away which is fine normally. They tried.
76561198133956877,Not Recommended,243470,19654496,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,tristanludvig,COMPLETE♥♥♥♥♥♥DO NOT BUY
,Recommended,243470,19941747,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Tarkus,Great Game
,Not Recommended,243470,17473965,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Gril Penetration Unit (GPU),meh
76561198122519096,Recommended,243470,30661690,Posted: 21 March,all,Utleyfan,This was my first free roam game and it didnt dissapoint. You may hear people saying that the storyline was horrible and the main character (Aiden Pierce) is pretty dull which can be true depending on how you view him. This isnt an over the top standard game but it is great for what its priced for and definetly reccommend it to anyone trying to find a new game.
76561198136255095,Recommended,243470,12719392,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,夜明けは十分,good
76561198109952688,Recommended,243470,19987321,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,piticusmecher,"Good game,good desing!!!"
,Recommended,243470,10280515,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,doh,"I was quite critical upon purchasing Watch_Dogs as I am more of a cat person, however this game exceeded my expectations."
76561198013024780,Recommended,243470,20186911,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,DeGroot418,"Watch_Dogs... They were on to something, then they ♥♥♥♥ed it. A decent game with some alright game mechanics, but there is no thrill like hacking some and having then spot you then ♥♥♥♥ing into a train to make your escape!"
76561197960812603,Not Recommended,243470,20253955,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,wolf,"This game (at least the PC port) is horrible:It's almost impossible to control anything, the mouse lags behind because of some acceleration issues and driving cars (which is kind of mandatory) is aweful, it's clearly made for a game controller. The graphic isn't good if you compare it to other games, which I wouldn't mind, but stutters / lags because of a really poor implementation with that graphic is not OK.Story-wise it seems to be pretty good,but with a gameplay like that even the best story isn't worth it to me. All in all this is the worst PC port that I've seen so far. I really regret buying this game, so I'd highly suggest not to buy it. If you must, then you should at least have a controller at hand."
76561198225647160,Recommended,243470,20297978,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Gamer101,"Just started playing. Enjoying it. I am open-world game fan. You have got rest-house where you sleep to get new missions (like Sleeping Dogs).  You can get police to chase you & have fun but don't expect GTA V. Driving needs improvements. The USP of the game is hacking & its quite fun. Go into ppl profiles, steal money, hack lights, stop & start trains, lower brdges, pull up the roadblocks & watch cars bounce.Graphics are good but not awesome. Game looks a 2014-15 game unlike the crappy Sleeping Dogs Definitive Edition.It has got a good story & since sleeping dogs or gta don't release every 6 months its a good buy."
,Recommended,243470,20289978,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Achille,Watch dog doesn't have nearly enough content to pay the full 60$ price but if you can find the game for 2$ dollar on♥♥♥♥♥or a small go for it.
,Recommended,243470,20277341,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Maple,"Meh, the game is extremely fun, but its unoptimized as ♥♥♥♥. All there is to it. You literally have to download a seperate mod to BARELY fix it."
,Recommended,243470,20278767,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,insaneelf,"To be quite Frank I believe many of the rieviews on here are from GTA fan boys. This game has much to offer of how the player interacts with the environment. However gaming mechanics are a bit unpolished which is to be expected with an open world and the first made by ubisoft.Cons- Boats (enemys and cops do not have boats, which breaks the game to a certain degree, because you can go into the water and can easily get away from any enemy)- automobile imbalance (there was an imbalance bewteen cetain cars such as trucks vs cars [with extra attention to sports cars]  they are very had to control [sports cars] so sticking to box trucks is always better.Pros-game interaction ( thinking 1 move ahead is always in you mind in the game, becasue of how you interact with the map. put barriers up to soon and you might be totaling a car instead of fleeing the cops)- hacking (instead of hack and slash game play where you have to kill everyone to get there money, watch dogs allows you to hack NPCs and steal money from there bank account and fined valuable info.- hacking players (You may pass up every opportunity to hack players but now and then, you will have someone trying to cash in on a bounty on your head. making for some intense and fun times.)Overall I think Watch dogs was a great game!"
76561197990213801,Not Recommended,243470,20274265,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,kokoui_90,very bad game.. i dont like it
76561197975422154,Not Recommended,243470,20449952,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,doomblackdeath,"After playing nearly 20 hours, I have to say that I'm rather unimpressed with Watch_Dogs. It's not a bad game, but I would have been really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off if I had bought it at full price instead of during a Steam sale. I've just uninstalled it after not even completing the story; frankly, I'm just bored with it. Repetitive and unimaginitive gameplay coupled with bad controls and overly simplistic ""hacking"" is proof that just because something is an open world game doesn't mean it's going to be good.It's not a bad game per se, but I wouldn't pay full price for it. I kept playing because I was hoping the story would improve. It didn't. Maybe I'm missing something phenomenal towards the end, but judging by literally every single review of the story, I doubt it."
,Recommended,243470,17305230,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,「 Eviler 」,Ok so the game is...fine...if you can ghet it for 10 euros or soo more then that your a sucker...i should know..i preorderd this game......the game is not bad...its just not worth more then 10 euros....https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0sIoEjvezj4https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k0_KmIyLfakneed i say more ? worth 10 euros or so....for the funs....
,Not Recommended,243470,20533720,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,djiaxin,unbalanced
76561198009388726,Not Recommended,243470,20479491,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,dragonfly,This game is unplayable. Which means I can't even start up the game.But do you want to know why?U-PLAYUBISOFTIt was fun before I forgot the password for all my u-play accounts
76561198155040864,Not Recommended,243470,20480657,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,kgenius611,Cant really say this is an enjoyable game for me. It is always freezing up and the graphics are sucky.
76561198050196869,Recommended,243470,20653639,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,DV9983,"This game this game this game this game this has been 1 of the most amazing games i have played has some minor issues but i can live with them.-Amazing gameplay-amazing story-cool weapons that are fair and balanced ex ACR has bad handling and moves everywhere if you keep shootinganother ex: The Destroyer,sure may be insanely tough with LOADS of dmg but its mag size not very good (its only 2 bullets per mag)"
76561198052148947,Not Recommended,243470,20575043,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Rexxig,"Worst gaming mistake I ever made. The game is mediocre at best and the final product did not resemble the marketed one. I succumbed to the hype and bought the deluxe edition for 70$ back when it launched. Now when I look at my steam library, I'm always reminded of the mistake I made. I never preordered a Ubisoft game since then and will continue to do so."
,Recommended,243470,10545998,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,b0jac,This game is very fun and has a very interesting plot. ♥♥♥♥ yeahhhhhhhhh
76561198076349608,Recommended,243470,26145850,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,PrincessAnna,"There are still some parts that this game needs to be improved. But the overall, especially the content, is really good.PROS1. Hack things around Chicago and neutralize everyone is GREAT!!2. Pretty cars and water texture, even they are downgraded3. Nice contents (many twisted contents inside)4. Online hacking is AWESOME if you can hack him or when you can kill that annoy-hacking guy5. I love BOMBY TIMESCONS1. Driving gameplay (cars and boats) isnt easy at all2. 'YOU ARE BEING INVADED' is really ANNOYED, the same as someone calls the POLICE all the time.3. You can get bored if you spend really long times driving cities to cities (CANT EVEN TELEPORT TO THE SAVEPOINT WHEN ON THE MISSION)"
76561198078970590,Recommended,243470,10431127,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Mystery,Dont get it terrible game doesn't even work because ubisoft have had 3 weeks to fix it yet they haven't fixed it.
76561198031545484,Recommended,243470,10431297,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,crazy_charlie321,"Just finished playing the story in 50 hours, still some minor missions to be done.Story:Nice story, can´t say much cause I do not want to spoil things for ppl who haven´t finished it but it´s nice anyway. BUT I always say if some bad guys annoy you like in movies THAT makes it good, where they get under your skin and creep up.. makes it a really nice story and it was well voice acted too.Gameplay:I like the main characters ability to hack into most things and actually get away with it. Fool ppl and steal stuff like money, cars etc. The aiming of the guns is pretty cool and accurate, can kill ppl from a pretty far distance.. snipe them away. There are minor missions like hacking to invade someone privacy/money, killing off gangbosses, stealing cars while evading the cops, chasing ppl to kill them in the end (as soon as you downloaded their data. And there is more..DLC wise..DLC - Bad Blood, is fun because you do not get bothered with defending ppl on streets like you do wih the main story. Theres extra missions to earn extra clothes and traits, varying from placing bombs to car chases and killing badguys.Online play?As for online play, I been hacked once by someone online killed this person and chose to not play online because I do not like it. My Uplay is in offline mode and I use none of the online play options for that matter.As for bugs and crashes..I haven´t gotten any bugs since it was updated.More tips to get it less jerky??Try lowering settings, helped me a lot on my old pc and it is fully playable. But can´t say that it helps for everybody, not everyone has the same exact pc. Update your videocard through software.Edit: On my newer pc, vsync on full and the other buffer option on one makes it completely smooth, even when driving. The rest is on ultra.Recommend it?Yes, I recommend this game, but do check forums and google if it really works on your current pc."
,Not Recommended,243470,11108162,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Vol†a ♠ VΞk†or,"Game: Mediocre story, underwhelming ending, repetitive gameplay, no replay value.Software: Requires Uplay to run (and Steam to launch)."
,Not Recommended,243470,10465472,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Foster,"""Let's play Watch_Dogs!"" ""Okay!""*gets on server*""So what do you want to do?""- No catching criminals together- No robbing stores- Only one person can be targeted by police- No helicopters- No planes- No seeing your friend's cool new outfit because to another person you look like a civilian- Police cars can drive vertically through the streets to gun you down- Game by Ubersoft- Music stops if you're being chased...""So you want to go play Gta V?"" ""Yeah, forget this game""*Unistall Watch_Dogs*+ The nice thing is you could look like a pedophille with a disturbing music in the ice cream vanChange games name to Watch_Dogsh*t"
,Recommended,243470,10286589,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Bernds Bums Tips,"When you play it after some time, with no hype and low expectations - it's a pretty good game, lots of side quests, great graphics and overall fun gameplay. Get if you're a fan of Open world games."
,Recommended,243470,10411270,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,The Last Memebender,"After all the patches, its fun. Not as fun as GTA but fun."
76561198177641875,Recommended,243470,15015621,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Rigozlov,"Good story, graphics, and gameplay. But if you doesn't use high spec computer especially laptop this game will be buffering and you will loose in every mission because it's very uncomfortable to play"
,Not Recommended,243470,10332622,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Rag3Quitt,Badly optimized for AMD GPUs. My AMD Radeon R9 290 doesn't even manage to launch the game in the first place. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!
,Recommended,243470,18899037,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,1ACE123,really enjoyed playing this game. using the hacking techniques was awesome
,Recommended,243470,18978895,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Stevo LFT,"If your alright with the ocassional bugs, the game is very nice. steady progress, nice mini games and side missions, a lot of freedom, and lots of online fun.Sure, the game has its problems, but overall a decent experience."
76561197972107224,Recommended,243470,13677152,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Alex 🆅🅰🅻🆅🅴 🅰🅻🅴🆇,Game is OKonline hacking is cool for a while but gets annoyingGraphics are OK... performance is bad = engine is crapPhysics are♥♥♥♥♥♥Buy it only if its on sale!
,Recommended,243470,30596412,Posted: 18 March,all,ebusiangamers,"This game is way better with the controller. When I first played it with my keyboard, I got bored after few hours of gameplay. After plugging in my PS3 controller, I just enjoy it."
76561198102811080,Recommended,243470,15190454,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,oliverhutchinson,Watch Dogs is a good game and it needs to fix up a few things but in general it is a game that I would happily buy.The biggest problem is the driving but the driving is still ok.
,Not Recommended,243470,19028199,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,brothersby,*company meeting*Ubisoft Employee: Lmao how funny would it be if we released a game that looks ♥♥♥♥♥♥ but was horribly optimized for pc so that nobody could run it well.Ubisoft CEO: We're on to something here...
,Recommended,243470,19002161,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,POK_THEPORTALER1,"Pretty cool story/singleplayer. Gets really stale after you beat it, though.(You can't shoot while in a car)"
76561198047752428,Recommended,243470,18957412,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,topace88,"Fun game.  The open world was fun and interesting to explore.  Campaign was fairly good.If you want a triple screen setup, you need Flawless Widescreen and even then, it is less than perfect.  Ubisoft obviously rushed the PC version as usual.Ubisoft must be trying to alienate PC gamers.  It is a good thing for them some of their games are still good like this one."
76561198128163592,Recommended,243470,19113507,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Garix228,It is really fun and exitingI played the story mode twice and it is funI hope you enjoy this game then do it
76561198086512426,Not Recommended,243470,10440873,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Devmazing,My favorite part about watch dogs is when I get to a certain point in the game that makes my computer crash. I mean sometimes it's a bit repetative but all in all it's a great feat.
,Recommended,243470,10278531,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,BladeOfGrass,"This is a great game.  All who are complaining about uPlay need to stop.  If you were patient with the delay then you can be patient now.  This game has been in development for 6 years so lower quality graphics is not surprising, but the game still looks great.  The driving is not great, but you can use a controller or get better at it, so it is not much of a problem.I personally would not spend the money on a game just for the graphics, and I would buy a pure racing game if I wanted great driving.  Not everyone has had a problem with uPlay and I garuntee that it will be fixed very soon.  Some of the reviews that complain about it have 20+ hours on the game, so I don't think they still have the problem.The story is okay so far, but because it is only the first Act that I have done, I assume it will get much better.Here are some of my personal highlights.-I hacked into someone's camera in an apartment to find a topless hooker playing Russian Roulette with some rich guy-I have been both stealthy and went in shooting everyone and both are very fun-I drove into a cargo container, hacked the crane it was attached to to lift it, and drove the car through a gate onto the roof of a ctOS building-I have hacked a few players and been hacked, one of my favorite parts of the game-Hacked the bank accounts of people with wierd fetishes, too much money, diseases, nothing, and more-I hacked a moose head to tell inappropriate jokes to distract a guard.-I have found two QR codes, but those are fun to find, and are creatively placed-I have blown up A LOT of things, for various, but fun, resultsThe game is not perfect, but this is a new IP and is meant to show the new gamplay and other mechanics.  I understand that E3 2012 caused a dissapointment in the graphics, but graphics are not why you buy a game.I cannot compare this game to any other, not even GTA, because it is very different.  GTA is in a whole other category of games, this one is fun in a much different way.I really enjoy this game, and I am sure many others do too.  This is a great game.  uPlay, driving, and the graphics are the only issues I have seen complaints about.  However, you should buy the game because it is FUN.  Not to look at it, and not to just drive, but to actually play the game how it was meant to be.  Watch_Dogs is amazing."
76561198009388478,Recommended,243470,10278540,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,AntlerWeasel,"NOTE: THIS IS A FIRST IMPRESSIONS REVIEW. I've only done two missions so far and dicked around a bit in game.OKAY FIRSTLY, I got it to work. If you don't have the best gaming comp, or well, not a very decent one I recommend going console, since it is availible for the 360 and PS3, not just the next gen ones. Okay now to the actual review, yeah I can see Uplay being annoying but surprisingly it didnt cause me much hassle! After that I was in game and so far it was running smooth for me. When I finally got control, the graphics were on medium for me and still looked really good~ The stealth is fun so far, and so is the hacking.But then came the annoying part, the driving.DEAR GOD is the driving annoying! Its floaty and arcadey, and actually lags my comp down! This needs to be patched or fixed or something since it makes me play on low settings.But yeah, its still good if it works for you. Just, be careful okay?Also memes :I So thats another downside."
,Recommended,243470,10278554,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,ProBoss,Good game but can steam somehow make that I dont have to log in to UPlay because there servers are very overloaded now.
76561198129907520,Recommended,243470,10257867,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,caraushvv,the game has no the Russian language and written description of that there are
,Recommended,243470,10259474,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Chrisenger,"I see a lot of people saying it doesn't work well with AMD stuff. I have had a different experience with that, and have been rather enjoying the game. It still looks fin on low settings, getting a solid framerate and such. The gameplay... is less than I had expected... but it's still quite enjoyable. I bought an xBox remote, and it works well with that. It's pretty sweet to walk around looking into people's personal lives. I have yet to be hacked, but I have attempted to hack others a few times. Fun stuff. The driving feels very good, quite realistic, and I enjoy that a lot. I have found that intercepting the criminal convoys is quite a fun challenge. I love the sort of ""problem solving"". Overall, I'd say 8/10, MAYBE 7/10. But that's just me.TL;DR 7.5/10 few technical issues, cool driving, good fun."
76561198041003606,Recommended,243470,10259542,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,parakeetfour,Barely acceptable nighttime graphics.Poor daytime graphics.Terrible car driveing.Very good moterbike driveing.Extreamly fun unique multiplayerMildly interesting game mechanics.TERRIBLE DRM (Half the DLC I should have does not show up right now)Recommended assuming some optimizationi issues are fixed.i7 4770k    16gb RAM    Nvidia 660ti OCrunning at 30-45 FPS with some strange drops to 15 FPS with eveyrthing maxed except AA
,Recommended,243470,10259662,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Tony,"If you like open world shooters like GTO5, Just Cause 2, and Far Cry 3, this is an upgraded version of all those combined into one of the best open world games to date.  The next gen graphics are top notch to match any high end system that can support it."
,Not Recommended,243470,10258978,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,XanthosAcanthus,Watch_Dogs fails to perform.  Riddled with a variety of performance problems which bring framerates to a halt on AMD and NVIDIA cards( which is odd since sleeping dogs looks better and is two years old) and litterally the worst mouse movement I have ever felt in a game; I can't think of any reason to recommend the game in the shape that it is in. Wait for the game to be fixed or wait for a 90% off sale.  It's like no one at ubisoft playtested it on PC.
,Recommended,243470,10259875,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,[PHX]KRAZYNATIVE AMERICAN,I have a amd r9 280x intel i5 4670k 8gb of 2400 ram the game is running great at around 40 to 70 fps on high setting at 1920X1080p love it so far only issue i cannt connect to uplay so play in offline mode it works fine.
,Recommended,243470,10260056,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,UrAmazingxD,"Great game, even though I think the hype of the game didn't meet it, still really enjoyable! You can be nice or mean, hack or fight or stealth! Too many ways to play this game"
76561198039253228,Recommended,243470,10260112,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,theman3009,"I love the game when it works, and after i spent about 2 hours waiting for the uplay servers to work, its fun with a good story, controls are a little wierd on keybored and mouse, so i switched to my xbox controller and it played alot easier, driving can be a little whats the word, unrealistic, but other than that the game is great."
76561198066774634,Not Recommended,243470,10260195,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Lady Killer,unable to play the game because of u play. donot buy! just a fraustrating eperience trying to get into game :(
,Recommended,243470,10260211,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Sir Prince Nutter Butters,"Good game, everything OTHER than the framerate is perfect! but currently suffers HUGE framerate loss...Article on what i've also experiencedMy best suggestion would be to wait and see if they patch this up!"
,Recommended,243470,10260228,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,NoCow,Pros: Good storyline and gameplay so far. The physics and animations are phenomenal.Cons: Daytime lightning in this game really sucks compare to nighttime and some wall textures are messed up. Game requires high-end specs to run on ultra. Killing cops hurts your reputation :(7/10.
,Recommended,243470,10260253,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Requital,"The game plays fine and runs fine as long as you don't try to run the resolution over 1680x1050, Give them some time for optimizaiton. Once I dropped the resolution down the game runs perfect no crashes no lag. Everything is nearly the highest setting except for the things I personally don't care about.The game is way more fun than any of the GTA the driving is about the same. I'm currently running it at the following settings.Resolution: 1680X1050Refresh Rate: 144hzAspect Ratio : AutoWindow Mode: Full Screen or BorderlessVSync: 2 FramesGPU Buffer: 5 FramesTextures: UltraAA: TXAA 4xDetail: UltraShadows: Low ( perosnal experience Shadows is always the biggest hit on a GPU and I don't care about them )Reflections: Low ( Also not something I care about, You can try other settings. I'm listing what I know works )Ambient Occlusion: HBAO+ HighMotion Blur: OnDepth of Field: OnWater: Low ( once again personal prefrence )Shader: LowSo these are my own personal experiences but I never expect a new hyped game to launch properly they never do, Not even by the largest companies out there. Outside of the Resolution which I'm sure will get better with optimizaiton the game is an absolute blast.CPU: i7 3990GPU: GTX 780"
76561197996233265,Not Recommended,243470,10260260,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Snypehunter,"This will be  sort review.  I have not played far into it; however, I am finding that I am completely hampered by the interface.  This interface was clearly designed for a controler, not a PC setup.  This fascination with auto targeting and that crapy 3rd person perspective is taking a fantastic game concept and rapidly turning it into another line on my uninstalled games list.  I should not have expected so much from UbSoft.  They seem to be designing for the console market these days.  I am sadly dissapointed.... I'll try to play deeper to see if the content will make the weak interface worth tollerating.  I think this will be my last ubsoft game for a long wile.This is the 3rd failure in new releases that I have spent a fortune getting in on these deals.  WTF Steam.. Time to give us some insight before we waste our hard earned money."
,Recommended,243470,10260288,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,In eX,"Great Game, the hype is real :)"
,Recommended,243470,10260330,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,PrjectFreelancr,"Definetly a good game to buy. You'll probably have to tweak the graphics so the computer runs smoothly, but even on medium or low, the game is still stunning to look at. The story line is really good and the gameplay might remind you of GTA in a way, but it is so much more than a GTA game. Besides, who wouldn't want to control a city with a smartphone??"
,Recommended,243470,10260368,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Sham,"I have been enjoying it, yes uplay is annoying but i have not had any problem in my game at all. Overall i would recommend. i do have a pretty good comp however so i don't know if thats why i am not having problem in game (I7-4770, GTW Geforce 780 16GB ram)"
,Recommended,243470,10260403,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,pwncheif,"doesnt even come close to what it was hyped to be.  Clunky controls, terrible camera angles, horrible unrealistic driving physics, all ruin the atmosphere in this beautiful looking game.  every mission is the same...hack the thing, kill the people, run from the police.  You unlock new hacks and stuff but they all essentially do the same thing.  Getting money from peoples bank accounts is too easy and theres no downside to stealing random peoples money.  Every car is the same just some are slightly faster with weaker armor.  All together this game is too easy and feels a little too linear despite it being open world."
76561198019006188,Not Recommended,243470,10260495,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Randeus,The game is unpolished and keeps crashing. I have an advanced amd radeon gaming pc with high specs that exceed the minimum requirements. Its really a sad situation I feel like I got robbed. U-PLAY UBISOFT you suck lesson learned. DO NOT BUY THIS CRAP TILL THEY FIX THIS MESS.
76561197970511637,Not Recommended,243470,10260697,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Fatwalnut1966,This is♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!!!!!!!
76561197985601752,Recommended,243470,10255615,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,[RIP] Farkie,"Ok was really dissapointed with this game due to performance issues on my relatively high powered gaming rig ---  i7 3770K - 4.5ghz OC / 8Gb Ram / AMD GPU - HD 7950 3Gb DDR-5.I was getting horrendous FPS on even the lowest settings, however a quick driver update from the fellas at AMD soon sorted out all those problems.I'm enjoying the game so far, driving could do with a few tweaks as it feels very sluggish, almost like i'm driving a tank. Aiden also moves very slowly in certain situations, for example in your hideout he moves at a snails pace, i know it's a safe zone but it slows down the pace of the game while he crawl about his apartment like he's♥♥♥♥♥♥himself.The game still suffers from FPS drops now and then, but it is more than bearable thanks to AMD's recent driver release. So i've changed my review to recommend the game as i'm actually enjoying it now.However.... UBISOFT!!, please... for the love of god Stop using Uplay... it is the crappiest, unnecessary, annoying, buggiest fragment of nob cheese that i could ever imagine. Having to log into Uplay (when it actually works) is extremely annoying. All other Steam games are pretty much click and play instantly, but Uplay reliant games take a good 5 mins to actually play them, Watch Dogs takes me about 10 minutes because your crappy servers are overloaded and i can't even log in.Apart from that, i recommend the game. Not quite as good as i thought it was going to be, and it didn't really live up to it's hype, but still a good game.7/10"
,Recommended,243470,10261013,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Helga Potzkothen,Just great! Finally ubisoft made an open world game that can compete with the quality standards set with GTA by Rockstar...
,Recommended,243470,10261060,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,-=312th=- TDSM,"Why people post so much negatives :( They only played this up to 7hrs ish and their pc is having problems running the game. Here is a hint read the minimum and recommended settings ... if your pc is within the margin you are okay.There are some video in game that looks like the video is broken but it plays just fine is that its not just you who experienced it.When you click on play via steam and Uplay pops up shut down the game while Uplay is still open and re-launch it via steam to get in game overlay of steam. Though I still DON't understand why people are having problems with the game and making negative reviews with a perfectly fine looking game.If you like ""hack the planet"" (reference) then you might want to hack Chicago first in Watchdogs then go from there ;)Modern day magic at finger tips, everything and everyone is connected and you can do a slight magic trick and that high roller gives you 1.3k in ATM cash ;) The driving is nice as it looks like a blend of some different games when you experience this. Like a NFS speed breaker type in the Focus while driving and you can do tight turns and open a garage door while quickly locking it down for the enemy to get stuck behind it :D  And there are many other instances for other games look alike to be in this game o.OAside from matchmaking slightly weird for the wait times saying 2-4mins and it takes way longer than 10mins for Online Play...Overall haven't found anything that would be wrong with the game, game play, and other things.So far I like this game :D"
76561198086989594,Recommended,243470,10261227,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,bennett.d.design,"Ok so I guess I'm one of the lucky ones, This game runs perfectly fine for me I do have a fairly substantial rig i7 3.4, 8gb ram and a GTX 770 (4gb version) but I have heard tales of rigs better than mine struggling with it. I should add I was running on ultra for the hour of play that I so far have had. so on this note I will make my review about gameplay/mechanics/story and not about the techinical aspect of getting the game to run.GameplaySo far so good the gameplay experience has been a great one, the character response is quick and sharp with good running/freerunning mechanics reminiscent of AC in the way its smple to run and just as simple to vault over waist high objects and seems to do so with great ease and fluidity. Driving is a diffrent kettle of fish each car handles uniquely so you'll have to try a few diffrent rides before you find the one that suits your style (I personally have been enjoying the bikes most of all) and while I haven't done much shooting (only having played an hour and a half due to spending most of the evening downloading) what I have done so far seems well made and there seems to be a bullet time effect that can be unlocked through story progression. Which brings me on to...MechanicsLike I stated a second ago there seems to be a bullet time functionality,  cover mechanic that works fairly well allowing you quite good scope for picking your next sneaky position, The freerunning (as previously mentioned) and then theres your phone which like other games can be accessed via the d-pad (I should add at this point I always use a controller to play games) with a wide varity of options from accessing your stats to ordering a car all the way down to accessing the VR games  (Which as the name implies are Virtual Reailty Games all gets a bit meta when you refer to Virtual Reality in a Virtual World), so think of theses as the arcade machines from GTA except overlayed on the ""real world"". oh and the hacking well I think you've seen enough videos to know what to expect by now but it all works well and adds the extra layer to the world that makes it feel more alive. so thats all I can really say on the mechanics for now but I will add that there seems to be a very deep upgrade system for developing new skills some of which requiring specific goals to be meet to unlock while others are chosen by the player through skill pointsStoryAt this point I can't comment much on the story except that it has a lot of potential and so far I'm enjoying it. (Will update as I progress further on in the game)So to cap it off I hope this review has given some insight into what to expect from a functioning copy of the game, as for the technical issues of getting it going well all I can say is I didn't have a problem and in those regards it was well worth the money spent and that's only after playing for an hour or so. Oh but please don't compare this game to GTA they are two diffrent beasts and Watch Dogs brings enough to the mix to make it its own. Oh and you can do an in car view while driving wich I really like seems to make me a better driver..."
,Not Recommended,243470,10249651,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,d-Metrius,Ugly silly s.h.i.t...
76561198089042251,Recommended,243470,10261802,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Dark Prior,Great Game ..Looks Awesome in 4k...........
,Recommended,243470,10261942,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,zabymoli,I dont really know what all of these negativ comments mean... I mean i got an I5 2500k at 4Ghz with 8Gb ram and a 770 4GB and can record the game without problems. The uplay thing yeah it sucks but thats not the game thats ubisoft itself->I can only recommend the game
,Recommended,243470,10261961,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Tea Wrecks,Can't stop causing traffic light car crashes!!! Recommended!
76561198004777130,Recommended,243470,10262007,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Kornkid,Really enjoy this game. spent hours just messing around
76561198006379642,Recommended,243470,10262012,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,RogueMango,"It could be that I'm an nvidia user but the game runs perfectly well, playing on a mix of high and utlra - it looks and feels fantasticUbisoft could easily have made another generic open world action game here but they've managed to break the mold with its excellent hacking gameplay and incredibly detailed city to traverseI don't hesitate in reccommending this game"
76561198123388743,Recommended,243470,10262046,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Kaneki Ken,That Game Is Awesome <3
76561198050035061,Not Recommended,243470,10258868,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Damon,when i launch my game it says for windows vista SP1 or higher... i have windows 7
,Not Recommended,243470,10262308,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,MxMark™,Terrible port. They need to fix the optimisation because it runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ Doesn't matter how beefy your pc is. It's realy bad. The game looks okay not impressive at all so i don't know why this is such a huge problem performance wise. A lot of texture popping and low fps. uPlay didn't work a lot of downtime.
76561198056278326,Recommended,243470,10262529,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,snufflylake,"There are way too many people complaining about how terrible that this game is and most people have really poor computers and were expecting to run it on ultra. Every problem that i have had with this game so far has been Uplay related and had nothing to do with the game at all. Personally i think that this game is awesome! the campaign is really long, yet not repetitive. There is so much to do around the map such as mini games, digital trips, gang hideouts, side missions, exploring, buying items such as clothes, weapons and drinks. You can even go on slot machines, play drinking games and bet money on things!The games performance is just perfect for me, the optimization is perfect. I know that there is so many people complaining about the optimization and saying that it's a poor port. Either your hardware is ancient, or there is some compatibility issues i have never had any performance problems, any stuttering, fps drops or anything like that. Also this is not a port, it was first developed on PC and then ported to consoles.  This game really is awesome and so much fun, but Ubisoft really need to remove the requirement for Uplay because this is kind of ruining it for everyone.Really highly recommend this game only if you have a pretty decent computer and not some ancient piece of crap."
,Recommended,243470,10262938,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Mordgier,"UPlay is annoying and there are some questionable design decisions - but it's still quite a good game.So - yes, you have to use UPlay - but I personally have not had any problems with it for Watchdogs or BlackFlag. So it's an annoyance but not a huge issue.Many of the missions require you to knock out rather than kill a specific target - this is actually really tedious as often these targets are surrounded by a huge number of hostiles or say in a car convoy. So you are forced into a firefight - but there's one dude in the swarm of armed hostiles that you are not allowed to kill.Multiplayer is pretty uneven. The invader has a far harder time than the defender. I love being invaded as most of the time it's pretty much free XP. Maybe I just suck at invading - but I've almost given up on it.That's all the bad stuff out of the way. The game is still quite good."
,Recommended,243470,10262963,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,ainorasl,Awesome game no problems at all.
,Not Recommended,243470,10261697,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Woblybeats,So ar the gameplay has been good however ♥♥♥♥♥♥ stuttering huge fps drops so would not reccomend until they fix it.
,Recommended,243470,10263061,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Inddy,"Going against the other reviews. I rather like the game.  It runs well on my computer though there is a little input lag using a wireless mouse on max settings but when I use my wired gaming mouse everything is fine. For driving, however, I use a usb xbox controller because with a keyboard the acceleration and turning is w.a.s.d. and well on a keyboard it's either no acceleration or max acceleration so I like using the controller for driving and then just switch to keyboard and mouse for on foot actions. It's as simple as just picking up one or the other.To the people saying that uplay sucks, and you couldn't log in. Thats because uplay was down. Thats to be expected when everyone who bought the game was trying to log in at the same time. I had issues to but now it's fine. For the graphics card guys I'm sorry that it's not compatible. I've never had a crash and I use GTX 580 with 3/16G of RAM being used as vRAM.Overall I give the game 8/10 It has flaws definitely but overall if you can find a setup that works for you, it's a very entertaining game. At least the first in a long time."
,Recommended,243470,10263116,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,RedHawk,This game is Great! When it works correctly...
,Not Recommended,243470,10263184,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,xTigerMaskx,"I didn't have any of the Uplay problems other people had, and the game is fun for me.  The driving is pretty meh tastic and I don't care for the main character, but I like the world design and hacking people as I walk by them.I like how they spent time to create a many different npc's with different lives, and I like that online makes you look like an NPC to other people.I know theres a lot of mess related to how they designed the game but I don't really notice a lot of that stuff while I'm playing course I'm also not trying to go out of my way to find reasons to not like this game.I'm not reccomending it because if anyone reads this it will be the friends on my list and they will not like this game if they buy it heh."
,Recommended,243470,10263198,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,LegendaryChaosWolf,"It doesn't live up to the hype. That doesn't mean it is a bad game, it is a great game for sure but the two year hype let me to believe it would become the best game in existance but it was dumbed down sadly. You need a crazy computer to run it though still a great game."
,Recommended,243470,10306790,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,PRiNTDAMNiT!,"The Good+Chicago is beautiful, extremely polished, pretty realistic interpretation of the city. Granted I never been there+Story is good. It got me hooked but I haven't seen any ""new"" characters so to speak. The morality questioning of the main character is similar to Breaking Bad and Spec Ops: The Line where Aiden's actions can be questioned at times of the story.+Did I mention the polish yet? Oh my God, this game is arguably more or at least on par when it comes to polish compared to GTA V. Beautiful. Oh and no bugs! Horray!+The user interface and the controls are phenomenal, this should set the paradigm for controls in a game. There is standard WASD but the user interface can be accessed without your hand leaving the mouse or WASD with the mouse acting as a joystick. All the important controls (q to hack, e to use, f to melee) are all within reach while peripheral controls (m for map, n for music) is within reach but doesn't need to be touched at much.+Graphics. ""It isn't as good as E3 wah wah."" Its all white noise. It looks superb. It has it's own extremely modern theme and sometimes digital artifacts around everywhere. The main geometry surrounding areas are square which goes along with its user interface and its dot matrix build of the city.+Police system. It is the best police system. Rather than just run from cops like in the GTA series it blends that police system with the option to evade while giving you things like Blackouts other tools to evade easier. You can also hide inside doors and use blockades, bridges, steam pipes to evade police. Like in Need for Speed: Hot Pursuit you can use the environment to take down the police.+The profiling system is funny and every person is different.+Plenty of content. Expect around 5-7 hours for the story and 17-20 hours for 100% completion. I'm a slow game but I played 24 hours.+The Driving. A lot of people complain the driving is ""made by a 4 year old kid"" but I enjoyed driving. It is a very nice blend of arcade and realism. For this review I will consider Sleeping Dogs very arcade and Grand Theft Auto IV very realistic (boat like). The driving is challenging (with acceleration drift) yet arcade (with easy handling at high speeds and easy drifting). Every car is different and I cannot stress this enough. Choose the right cars.+A good segue to cars. SO MANY CARS!The Meh*The gameplay is a hybrid of Hitman, Far Cry, Assassin's Creed, Grand Theft Auto, and Need for Speed. I can't say that I've never seen most of the mechanics but these mechanics are achieved through the core gameplay aspect of the game, hacking. Still, how they blend together the mechanics is a feat on its own as the game borrows mechanics from other games, uses them but still manages to keep its own identity.*The music is kind of crappy, but I don't care, I never listen to music.The Bad-DRM: uPlay. ♥♥♥♥ uPlay. Though not as bad as Origin because it doesn't run the background but still is crappy. It crashed on Day 1 launch. I played a day earlier so I didn't have the problem. As of 05/31/2014 19:34 PSTuPlay.comis still on its ""light version"" lacking core features like changing your settings and your profile not just affecting Watch Dogs. But still after Day 1 server crashes you can still play the game, activate the game, look at achievements, add friends, just not change your profile. My username right now is Guest (insert random numbers and letters here) and I want to change that.-Gameplay gets repetitive during Act 1 but gets better after Act 2. While I feel that gameplay is good, there isn't enough mechanics to play with and this is a major detriment to the game.-They could've done WAY more with the morality system. I get that Ubisoft doesn't want you to kill civilians or good guys but it could've been executed better.-More women. Kind of sexually biased. A more prominent female villain for Watch Dogs 2?-Unlocks. I hate unlocks. While unlocks are relatively easy to acquire in Watch Dogs it cause me to absolutely HATE the game in my first 4 hours. I was SO BORED but as I unlocked hacks and combat mechanics there was a lot to do.-Combat is a little to easy. I can shoot unsilenced shots at enemies and they won't find me.-Sneaking around in missions are not really encouraged, you get less points taking people down (melee) than getting headshots. It should be encouraged more.-During the story, the emotions of other characters could have been more clear. Whether or not Aiden or T-Bone liked Clara, whether his sister knew Aiden was a vigilante, whether Jackson knew he was a vigilante, whether the baby sitter knew  could've been more clear.85/100The game tries to make up for average gameplay with novelty content (profiler, AR games, minigames) but in the end, it is basically reincarnations of other games. Don't expect groundbreaking gameplay. However, Watch Dogs did nothing badly and blended many mechanics well together and put it in a thriving, living Chicago and Ubisoft does deserve props for that. Watch Dogs is a proof of concept, the sequel should do better."
,Recommended,243470,10339629,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,KevsNoTrev [SPG],"As someone who didn't get into all of the hype with this game, I am probably one of the few who is not disappointed. I am enjoying the gameplay and as yet (4 hours invested) have not found anything too repetitive.The opening video started and very soon it had me reaching for my system restart button as I thought the graphics had turned my vid card to mush. Upon closer inspection I realised it was intentional. It is something that had me thinking about the memeory that was being shared. Trauma has that effect on your mind, it was disjointed and coming through in bits and pieces.It is a transition effect put to use later in gameplay as well.The skills to open up help a great deal for furthering your evil or good, depending in what you are trying to do. Running over civilians will give negative standing, while solving crimes in progress (purse snatcher) will raise this.Enemies are not dumb, but then given the early stages not mater criminals either. Cops can be out run and once you open some skills can be lost very easily using garages and blocker barriers which come up from the ground.Keyboard and mouse controls are ok, but the keyboard for driving is almost uncontrolable, you will veer off of a road very quickly or spin out of control in a sports car due to the rapid acceleration.Very early days for me and have been waiting for this since I saw the E3 video years ago. It has lived up to my epectations of an open world - need I say - GTA3 with hacking. Its all I was after and its what I got."
,Recommended,243470,10339665,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,JohnnyRem,"A lot of people are complaining about Ubisoft's Uplay.  Yeah it's not the most innovative game launching engine ever created.  Yeah it's a bit redundant that you need steam open to play Watch Dogs and have Uplay open to play Steam content.  But .... quit complaining and if you are skeptical about spending a wopping 60 dollars on a game you are hesitant about then don't spend the money.  The graphics are well done, but it's not over the top amazing.  The gameplay feels a bit choppy at times, but the overall experience really isn't that bad.  It almost feels like a mix of games at times.  specifically Assassins Creed (running), Batman( his voice and seeing enemies through objects with vision), GTA ( with people walking around and the""hoodness"" of Chicago), The getaway (ps2) for the driving ... unfortunately, and i guess the hacking and police force, if you put it into a futuristic theme with flying cars then its like Syndicate (the original on ps1).  I play on high settings with temporal smaa and no blur with dof effect.  I get an average of 40-45 fps.My rig is an AMD FX-6350, 16gb Geil Ram, and an EVGA superclocked GTX 770 2 gb.  It's really not that bad.  I think so many people are upset with it so then everyone else gets upset with it.  What do they say, just because your friend jumps off a bridge doesn't mean you have to.  That can go both ways with this game I guess...well i mean look at the score .. it got an 81/100 on metacritic. you decide."
,Recommended,243470,10339765,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Smjay,"This game is getting alot of bad rep on the pc because of the poor optimization. Luckly, I have not had any problems downloading, installing, or running this game. Watch Dogs is a got to have free roam game with a unique twist, the ability to hack the technology throughout the steets. Unlike alot of shooter free roams, Watch Dogs acually requires you to use your brain and stratagize to figure out how you will take out the next criminal or flee from helicopters and cops. Another feature that Watch Dog has that alot of games dont is a well made reward system. This kept me wanting to get better and better and keep playing so I can reach max level and have all the best skills to own criminals and players online.  I recently just beat the game and I must say I am very impressed with the campaign. The ending just blew me away and left me in awe. I cannot wait for dlc to come out so I can continue to enjoy this awesome game. Don't let those red dislike reviews scare you away. This game is well worth the $60 and it will provide you with several hours of gameplay in the story line, side missions, online, and running around/ completing achievments."
,Recommended,243470,10339845,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Bi-Fuhierous,This has got to be the best game i have ever bought
,Recommended,243470,10339946,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,DeadFish,Amazing
,Recommended,243470,10259082,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Vampevil,"This game is great. It is Unique from other open world games. I am not having any issues running it at all FX 8150 oc 4.2 , HD 7970, 14 gb ram . This game is awesome driving pisses me off some time but i like the way the cars lok when you crash they get really ♥♥♥♥ed up.  It is hard♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to get away from cops early in the game due to not having any good abilitoes to hack the cops away. great game 7/10"
76561198003791943,Recommended,243470,10340053,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Inaccordance,"This is basically Far Cry 3 in a city with some minor differences.  The story is interesting enough to make me want to play.  The side missions, minigames, and the online mode are not fun primarily because they are repetetive and .  I will not recommend until Uplay squares away their cloud saving issues.  I didn't know they existed until I lost my save-game and saw the volume of complaints online."
,Not Recommended,243470,10340054,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Con,If you've played any of the Assassins Creed games then you've basiclly already played this.I wish I could get my money back.
76561198024935531,Not Recommended,243470,10340308,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,marauder,"bad game, disapointing to the extreme. dont buy. it's♥♥♥♥♥"
76561197968989079,Recommended,243470,10279072,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,+1Kevlar,"Im having fun. If you  don't like gta, i dont think you'll like this"
,Not Recommended,243470,10340714,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,SUP - Uncle Joe Boostsky,it looks great but the gameplay is just alright. Also they sell you a 5 dollar DLC a week after the game releases. That is just gouging you for money for something that was clearly already developed and removed from the game in order to sell it after launch.It is probably worth looking at if you are a major sandbox game fan. otherwise save your money
76561197994264446,Not Recommended,243470,10340970,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Spartn,"Really wish I would have read these reviews before buying, extremely disappointed."
76561197964538247,Not Recommended,243470,10341175,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Homer,Can't even play. Not worth 70 dollars I spent.....
,Not Recommended,243470,10341615,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Nex_Lupus,Is okay but not worth the pricetag seems like GTA and AC had a baby and it was not as pretty as the parents
76561197968397832,Not Recommended,243470,10278778,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Nightfall,"I haven't even been able to TRY the game. Everytime I try to start a new game I either get a blue screen of death, a ""watch dogs has stopped working"" crash or a ""display drivers have stopped working"" crash. I understand that there are a lot of variations of PC's out there for a company to ensure compatibility... but did they not ONCE use an AMD card to test? And like a true sucker I paid for the fancy delux version so I just threw away $70. I am very dissapointed in ubisoft and will NEVER purchase a game from them again."
76561198055128575,Not Recommended,243470,10278876,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Splatter,"Why oh why did I preorder;- Driving is so bad, not just the physics but there is some real shoddy clipping going on; prob to compensate for the poor handling.- Frames drop alot (I have a i72700, 16gig ram and sli 580's), if this is the Nvidea experience hate to think what the AMD guys are going through!- The hacking is just a distant 'press E' to inspect etc coupled with quick time events- I've also had persitent graphical artifacts, really corrupting the view.Though it's hard to comment on the game fully as it just doesn't run correct - now was the ~6 month delay to fix it more or did teh new consoles not want to be tainted with this supposed AAA release....?"
,Not Recommended,243470,10278892,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,flamelauncher11,"I'm just going to cut to the chase with this one. Watch Dogs, in the state it's in, is terrible. The idea of the game and the actual gameplay is fantastic, but it's totally unplayable on many systems, especially those with AMD Graphics Cards and/or processors. The game was optimized for NVidia, yet some NVidia systems can't run the game anyway, and was poorly optimized for all other PCs. Framerates are horridly low, black screens and crashing happens way too often, speech is off, and lighting needs work. I've tested the game on my Intel i7-4770k, Radeon HD 7870 GHz OC Edition, 12GB DDR3-1600 memory system which exceeds the specifications Ubisoft has placed for this game by a long shot and yet even on low settings I am unable to achieve more than 15-20 FPS. The funny thing is cutscenes are butter smooth. Framerates can jump to higher than 60 FPS during cutscenes, which I guess is because the cutscenes don't demand as much power as the actual gameplay does.Addressing issues with uPlay... I have had a uPlay account for ages. I'm not sure why. I was able to seemlessly log in to uPlay and play Watch_Dogs within 5 minutes. Loading times were quick and uPlay is very fast, just the way I like it. The only downside to uPlay is I have some weird ""Guest_Ui97839PJNGiene&"" name of some sort and cannot change it. Hopefully this does not appear as my name in the multiplayer aspect of Watch_Dogs, when the game is playable.Hopefully in the future, Ubisoft gets their act straight and smushes those bugs. I've had this game on preorder for over a year for Xbox 360, then canceled and ordered it here on Steam when I sold my Xbox. I have been waiting forever for this game to come out, and its release was a major disappointment."
,Not Recommended,243470,10279002,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Lavellan,"Audio is fuzzy, graphics lag on a high-end PC. No help from ubisoft. What else can I say?"
,Recommended,243470,10279054,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Joe,"While Watch_Dogs isn't grounbreaking or truly ""next-gen"", it is a fun open-world game with a long engaging 10 hour story and many, many side activities that is well-worth the full 60 dollar price tage. That being said, there are early PC issues and bugs that make it difficult to run well on even some of the extreme PC builds, and nearly implayable on AMD builds. So, unless you really need a Grand Theft Auto like-fix, waiting for the bugs to be patched, and the price to be dropped should always be considered.+ Hacking provides unique gameplay options both on foot and driving combat.+AI is not super intelligent, but do attempt to flank and coordinate against you when they know your position.+If you're lucky like me, and experience few graphical issues, the game is gorgous on higher settings, and the mocap during cutscenes, make the characters look almost real.+Unique Dark Souls esque PvP system for multiplayer.+Many side activities that'll keep you playing for hours.+Profiling system makes for some hilarious and interesting NPC interactions.+NPC have many different scripts that make the world feel more real and alive.-Stuttering and low fps on a wide variety of builds. Suggest looking up fixes, and lowering settings for even very high end builds.-You can't drive-by while in a car. WTF. Being able to use a gun while in a car, has been in nearly every GTA clone for a long time now.-You obtain a huge assortment of weapons, but there is no easy way to switch between guns in the same class.-Cover system is wonky and you'll be accidentally slipping in and out of cover several times.-The focus skill is OP when used properly, and should be avoided for greater challenge.-AI is brain-dead when player uses stealth, and can wipe out a whole unit, without an enemy ever figuring out where you are.-It should be mentioned that it was very difficult to start the game on launch day because of Uplay server issues, but since then have been able to login successfully every time."
,Recommended,243470,18182583,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,RogueJedi13,"Watch Dogs is one of the best games I have ever laided hands on, everything about is by far a 10/10. I can't wait for Watch Dogs 2"
,Not Recommended,243470,18331374,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Zterio,"Not working on Windows 10, Thanks Ubisoft."
,Recommended,243470,18337628,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,VodkaTaters,"Not a bad game overall. Big let down from what was shown at trade shows, and uplay.... F%^&in uplay.... but a good story for the front 85%. Last 15% feels phoned in, with a cop-out ending. Car handling is a bit weak (mouse/kbd), gun control is good, and water that's impervious to bullets. IMO, the current $40 for this title is a bit much, perhaps on a steam sale for $25 worth it."
,Recommended,243470,17851514,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,InsaneSushi,"Watch Dogs is one of the few games i could play for hours and hours on. I love how the story progresses, different hackers rise and fall and how the emotions of Aiden Pearce are so well interpreted. Generally its a great game and its definitely a must in your Library"
76561198097109341,Not Recommended,243470,17850329,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,gfthomas,"I waited ages to play this game, the previews were awesome.  Unfortunatly it didnt meet to my expectations due to a lack of things you can do open world-wise.  The hacking element is cool but you can only really hack only a few devices in the street.  The whole mission storyline is choking the life out of the sweet graphics of the city life.  The shooting isn't great either."
76561197964082481,Recommended,243470,17813421,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Blitzkrieg,"Modern day JC Denton from Deus Ex, however in this case you're a hacker, chemist explosive and weapon specialist. Enjoyed playing the story line, and Clara's accent was spot on. Would be nice to have more dlc and fix the lag problem in Mobile Challenge, where usually the mobile controller gets desynced and basically looses the game.Would not recommend if you don't enjoy Action Advanture games"
,Recommended,243470,17863352,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Frankie,the mission are just basically the same thing over and over hacking but i like playing in free roam
76561198139411517,Recommended,243470,17862603,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,victorysin44,ohhhhhhhhhh my godddddd buy it buy it
76561198128080390,Not Recommended,243470,17817750,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,sump.*****,"There have been plenty of warnings that Watch Dogs is not for those who like sneaky open world games, but for some reason I thought: Come on, it can't be that bad... I was so wrong. It is like Super Mario in 3D with guns. You can always only move in one direction and there always is only one way to do things. I am not sure why they even bothered to let the player control the character instead of just making this a movie. At least that way you could have a beer while watching..."
76561198099991040,Recommended,243470,10295589,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Hey Anrold!,"This here children is a very well made game. It has its own mining system, and a built in chat for the MMO feel for the game. The story is about listening for cats. Overall I rate this a 7.748932 out of 7.748933."
,Recommended,243470,12719509,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,No.Name.Bagu,better once fixed
76561198076587335,Recommended,243470,17860343,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,bujablaster,"Nice open-world game with beautiful graphics with flat/dull main character and some conspiracy story, sort of techno-thriller. And with stealth play possibilites - i love stealth! :)Lot of side activities to do around beautiful virtual Chicago, which gets more beautiful in night during storm/rain.Pros:- hack (or better say override) various devices around town to make distraction/kill enemy/ease your escape during police chase etc.- nice stealth possibilities with some distraction devices etc.- good system of cover behind obstacles (it takes some time to get used with it, but then it is easy and intuitive)- still beautiful graphics, even it is not looking so fantastic like on E3 2012 presentation, but is is easy to download mod with better textures and with some lighting tweaking etc.- UBI's Chicago is beautiful and really living city- very variable and funny mix of NPC characters when it comes to their profiles- almost no glitches or bugs, stuck on map etc.- nice various story side characters (Aiden: ""why the f*ck did you call cops, Jordi?"" Jordi: ""when police comes and will see dead members of gang and another gang will come, it wil be fun, poof, poof, poof"" Jordi mimics intense gunfight with his hands ;))Cons:- Aiden Pierce, the protagonist, is one of flat, dull and boring character- for those like me who played all UBI's open-world games like FarCry or Assassins Creed you can easily see how similar those games are when it comes to gameplay, side activites (chase someone, clear some are of some gang-den) etc., it can get boring soon for someone- impossible to turn off any HUD element, you need to edit your game profile in some text editor if you want nice screenshots or videos without screen being literally overloaded with HUD elements- music selection in cars? Geez, some hipster's I-tune selection (i permamently turned off radio in cars in game menu very soon)- as soon as you take out your gun on streets someone will call police for sure, but when some gangsta shoots at you? No one will call police, which feels really stupid- ""digital trips"" wtf, why? Does one large AA game really need some ""in-game"" minigames, yet cool, but with no relation to game/story?Conclusion7 of 10. I understand why gamers got rage when game was released as it looked way worse than presentations before. But truth is Watch Dogs is still fun to play or simply stand on the corner watching city life and graphics is still nice and everything visually fits in whole game. If you do like open-world games and if you do like stealth go for it, you won't be disappointed (honestly i just waited for things to settle and for price drop, for 11€ in sale it is good game)."
76561198217855020,Recommended,243470,17815602,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,VimZ,nice game :D
,Recommended,243470,17825480,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Minsoso,No don't do it I swear t
76561198099975624,Not Recommended,243470,17320636,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,rataka7295,5.5/10
,Recommended,243470,17322153,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,kingsley,Uninstall UPlay please.
76561198137093238,Not Recommended,243470,17327439,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,rjahnke6,"Alright. So this is my first review, and to be quite honest I am♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Yes, Watch_Dogs looks like an awesome game. Yes, It probably is... But I wouldnt know. As mentioned in other reviews Uplay does a♥♥♥♥♥♥job with porting on most pc's. I happened to have bought the game on sale for 16 bucks only to find out it crashed when I would hit new game on the loading screen. For weeks now (as ive seen on the forum) Ubisoft has been promising a patch to fix this. I havent seen it coming for some time. I've researched countless hours on how to fix it but can't find a damn thing. If Uplay would step up their game and make this work, I'd give it a possitive review. Until then, I have yet to actually play the game."
76561198069132890,Recommended,243470,17327531,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,WhiteHat,With the right gameware this is the best game I have ever played.
76561198197719302,Not Recommended,243470,17328276,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Forrest (G.E.W.P),"I really enjoy the game and all but seriously the crashing and freezing just messed up my whole expirence. It takes me 5 times to start the game up before it starts working. Watch_Dogs to me is very fun but if your game crashes while your doing something it can really frustrate you. Let's say your doing a mission and it takes you forever to finally make it past a part that is really hard and before the game autosaves it just freezes, waits 5 seconds then crashes and restarts your computer. You would have to do the whole mission ALL over again. See what I mean. I'm going to be honest for a minute and let me just say no wonder this game went on sale for like $16.00 instead of $40.00. The constant freezing and crashing has to be fixed otherwise I don't think you should buy it. The only way I see people actually enjoying the game again is by fixing the crashes!!!! Otherwise The game is very good but unless you want to put up with constant freezing and crashing then DON'T BUY THE GAME!!!!!! Still but it if you don't care about it then just buy it, its an awesome game. I'm slightly excited for Watch_Dogs 2 if it comes out."
,Recommended,243470,17329927,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Zychratic,GTA 5 + HACKING = AWESOMENESS A.K.A WATCH_DOGS
76561198099269427,Recommended,243470,17330880,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Thorageris,"Don't know why people hate this game so much. The driving is a little hard, but other than that the game runs perfectly for me. No major glitches that I have noticed."
,Not Recommended,243470,17330953,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,[SIN] Gazmar,"Really wish Steam refunds came in before this game launched. I seriously spent the first 3 hours trying to get the game to properly work on launch, and from there felt like it was a ""Saint's Row"" light.Picture this, playing as a character that tries to justify everything he does to protect his family. The main problem is that he gets his family into trouble via his hacking, promises to not hack, then proceeds to keep hacking because video game. The mini-games are random things they threw in because you need something else to do between those driving missions. Oh yeah, you will be driving through most of this game, because its a game about hacking. /rolleyesDO NOT BUY FOR ANY REASON.If you want a driving game, play any of the racing sims or Burnout/Driver. If you want a hacking game, look up some puzzle games on here and pretend. If you want a shooting game, get GTA/CoD/Battlefield."
76561198061150791,Recommended,243470,17331598,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Syringolide,"The irony is not lost on me; a game that was so over hyped that it couldn't possibly live up to the expectation, further compounded by its delay and performance issues meaning it was poorly recieved by a lot of consumers resulted in my delay in purchasing the game until it was on sale ($13), turns out, IMO, to be a pretty decent game. In fact, I'm really enjoying it. There's strong traces of Unisoft's Assasins Creed seriesand Splinter cell, and a touch of Far Cry 3/4, and of course the similarity to GTA 4/5 is obvious, but the whole hacking experience feels reasonably novel to me, and I've played most of the AAA FPSs out there. The visual variety of the open world is good and becoming familiar with the routes is a must. The gang hide out misssions are really good fun and require quite a bit of trial and error, getting to know the layout of the hide out and then and strategy. The fixer contract missions are good fun, although driving takes a while to get used to on the keyboard (esp the camera angle) and avoiding the scanning makes for a lot of frustration. The crime missions are a bit weak though. Certainly at the price I got it, I can absolutely recommend it (but you'll want a good rig to ensure it runs smoothly; if not, perhaps hold off until you upgrade your GPU) and if you liked the other AAA FPSs I mentioned above you should enjoy this.PROS:> Graphics (I'm using a GTX 980 on Ultra (with the Worse mod installed) and no issues at all, although I get no more than 40-60 FPS)> Varied terrain/visuals.> Combat is really satisfying, especially when using the world, via hacking, to your advanatge.> Good driving music.> Not overly easy and forces mutiple attempts of some missions adding to player satisfaction when completing them.> Can use a mix of stealth and guns blazing (situation dependent).> Can cause absolute havoc on the roads of Chicago using hacking (despite my mature age, I can't get enough of changing the traffic lights on unsuspecting motorists).> If you're a completionist and not too bothered by repitition, there's plenty to keep you occuppiedCONS:> Driving (using a keyboard) takes a lot of getting used to.> Accessing the menu in Aiden's phone is trash when using a keyboard (obviously they didn't put full efforting into porting this game).> The instant failure state in some missions can be an utter pain and feels unfair at times, as can evasion of the cops in some of the fixer contract missions.> Despite what I said in the PROS, I didn't feel the difficulty curve was always good.> The pop-in is terrible (very obvious on a straight highway section) for a so-called next-gen game, and 'unacceptable' on a PC."
76561198094052572,Recommended,243470,17333026,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Smokey the skeleton,its a good game i got it for xbox and it stoped working i looked at the disk NO SCRATCHES thats why i got it on pc DONT recommend for xbox but for pc go ahed
76561198000893968,Not Recommended,243470,17334494,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,tinybolt,"I can't say i would recomend this because of the high demand on GPU but terrible graphics. Seriously its like they didnt optimise it at all!Poor game mechanics sneaking is okay, but your always limited to what the game wants you to do. It turns to be a more of a point and click game than make your own decisions.The driving in game is also really bad, not only does it take a massive hit on GPU performance its driving feel is lackluster and really floaty.Bottom Line: Don't bother, buy something else."
,Recommended,243470,17523256,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Pahiro,"The campaign was pretty good. I'd say it was worth the purchase. Especially with the 66% off deal. It's a really good story, and I tend to stay away from all the side missions. I probably did like two or three criminal take-downs and one pathetic attempt at an online hack.Honestly, if you're into adventure games, it's definitely worth the buy."
,Recommended,243470,17526664,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,gudetama,"The game may not be the best game I've ever played, but it isn't terrible."
76561198129235915,Recommended,243470,17528708,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Father Brown™,"10/10 ""best hacking game to todays standards, couldn't have done better, at all."" -ign"
,Recommended,243470,14872752,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Oberst_Mayer,"Although this game has one of the worst controls I've ever played, it becomes funny when you play it for a while. But do only buy in a sale! Not worth the full price!EDIT: If you get into it, you'll love it!"
,Not Recommended,243470,17573439,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Gandalf's Big Oiled Staff,"Oright, I supposePro's-Very nice graphical affects, and graphics overall-Quite fun, sometimes-You can mess around killing randomers when you feel boredCon's-Boring crappy guns-Boring, easily-Online is really boring-The pictures it shows are of the very RARE few momest where you will think ""Wow so fun"""
76561197971883392,Not Recommended,243470,17574816,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Ragnoth,"Gameplay is alright, but online gameplay sucks major♥♥♥♥♥..too many cheaters and no way to report."
,Recommended,243470,17550349,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,BananaInspector,"3/5 - Watch the movie defendor, then play this game.You play, muddled up, autistic, app weilding pseudo hacker Aiden Pearce on his quest to make himself feel better about his criminal past. The dubious morality of this game is what kept me coming back: it's ok to bankrupt innocent people, steal their cars, run over them with their cars and totally invade their privacy, however that human trafficker has to be ""taught a lesson"" by knocking him out rather than killing him... After having murdered all his henchmen...What?The car chases are fun and it's an ok stealth/cover shooter, however playing as a mentally ill vigilante is actually what this game did best. Just don't expect sleeping dogs/ gta or even saint's row here."
76561198133345677,Recommended,243470,17551225,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Ψ Deimos Ψ | CS.MONEY Pvpro.com,I love this games history. Great graphics and gameplay.
76561198098236497,Recommended,243470,17521005,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Nuclear Narwhal,"This game is given zero credit whatsoever. People are mad about Ubisoft's graphics downgrade, but since when did it make this a bad game? The world is big, feels somewhat alive, and there's tons to do. There's actually more stuff to do than GTA 5 in the single player. The story isn't too great, a bit on the dull side, but it'll keep you occupied.The online invasion mode is a bit more annoying than entertaining, but if you're bored and have nothing to do, take a crack at it and troll people. Decryption mode is ♥♥♥♥ing brilliant and fun and needs more attention.Overall this game is an 8/10. Needs a better story, but everything else is on point."
,Recommended,243470,17332679,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,AtomicStriker,"Despite the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of negative reviews on this game, I bought it. It asked me for some program called ""Uplay"" which I downloaded and made account for. The game finally started and I started a new game. After the cutscene in which you are hacking some ultra rich hotel, you find yourself on the stadium beating some guy. Then the real meat of the game comes in. You need to activate an blackout and slip past the police. I started to like the game. I played it.....and enjoyed it. I finished the Main story, found serial killer, shut down sex slave human traficking ring and etc. I encountered bugs, but not so many as the community says. Multiplayer is fun, but Free roam sucks. I bought the Deluxe edition on Midweek madness for like 14.99 bucks and got a lot more content. I suggest you to wait for some kind of offer and buy it then. Otherwise, you'll see, you will enjoy this game if you approach it right."
76561198126741562,Recommended,243470,17800149,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,MegaBuns516,"I know people are hating the crap out of this game, and I understand why, but its not that bad. Sure the graphics had a major downgrade from the E3 demo we saw, but it still brings awesome new mechanics to video games. First of all, the hacking in this game is amazing. It feels very nice to pop up road spikes to stop police cars, or hack stop lights to cause chaos. However, all the greatness aside the game has flaws. first of all, it is poorly optimized for pc. with my monster machine, I still see dips into the 40fps region. also the driving mechanics are bad, and make fast pace sections very difficult. The gunplay and stealth is amazing! The story is alright, and Aiden is pretty bland, but if you like GTA style games, then I'm sure you will lo0ve the free-roaming sections. The game is fun, but gets boreing very quickly. However, I think this game is good, and worth picking up if your an Assassins Creed fan. (there are a few major story tie-ins)"
,Recommended,243470,17802863,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,TheImmortalConquerOfTheUniverse,HACK PEOPLE WATCH A LOT OF PORN!
,Recommended,243470,17803410,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Alijacup29,Good Game Love IT
76561198111569643,Recommended,243470,17765227,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,jpmcnugent,ive beat the game and had so much fun it it. all ubisoft needs to do is add helicopters{vehicles} and planes{also vehicles} and it will bacicly be gta with hacks and parkour
76561198069779962,Recommended,243470,16787798,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,[LILLITH] ScootyBooty,A perfect game to me. It offers not only stealth and skills but gives you the choice to be sneaky or ...not-that-sneaky and shoot evryone. (Most of the time)Had some anger-moments now and then especially when Pearce couldn't run and open inventory (SHIFT+TAB) which opens steam menu.Rule 1 . Learn to drive (know which cars to use)Rule 2. you can't really save but checkpoints will be remembered so you can also make a run for it (
76561198019597873,Not Recommended,243470,16546519,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,crassadon,"This game is worth about $15. There are some fun things.However, the good parts of this game become lost in the banality of the overall game expereince.The story could be from any game. I want to be fighting a maniacal corporation; battling rival hackers. Instead it's an average story that doesn't connect with his life as a hacker, and the writting for what's there is pretty weak, too: For example, one part has you track someone down to a poker game, and you have to slueth out who they are. The game has a fully built poker mini-game, so this could be a really fun moment! Instead, the game never happens, and the guy just runs out for another chase sequene. . Good things in this game are not utilized to their full extent.The hacking, overall, feels lost: he's stated to be a master hacker, but about the most you'll do with it is to flip traffic lights around and cackle evily. Why doesn't everyone do this? As well, you always have to look at what you're hacking, which just doesn't make sense for hacking computer networks.I'm frustrated by how slowly computer drivers drive. It's indicitive of how much polish this game still needs: I literally cannot drive slow enough to match pace with other drivers. I like roleplaying, and want to assassinate someone, and then disappear into the crowd, but I can't have that immersion here. Everyone drives so slowly, that I can only go that slow if I let my car idle down and stop. Every other driver is literally driving at the verge of being stopped! It's really frustrating to me. :|Frankly, the best part of this game is right at the start. You have to evade the police who are searching the streets, but they don't know where exactly you are. That part was great: watching where cop cars are going, and slipping around behind them. .  Any other time, the enemy has homing on your location, and goes directly to you. You have to just out drive them--essentially--and once you have, they're all out of your range, so it's not like they're milling about on the street for you to evade; maybe one car, but that's it. I see glimmers of designs I like in this game, but I have to think ""maybe a future game will do this better.""That's what I think about this game. Maybe the second one will be better; it certainly could be. Ideas like the virtual trips are fun here, but the lame story, annoying controls--which I didn't discuss in depth here, but they are quite bad--and the unpolished face of this game really hamper the good moments in here."
,Not Recommended,243470,16744464,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,JUYRc_alls,7.25/10
,Recommended,243470,16681142,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Shushh,The View :(
,Recommended,243470,16684436,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,ProzacMan,It's a fun game although the cops are too OP.
,Not Recommended,243470,16688020,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Nam-nam,It uses uplay.
,Recommended,243470,16693764,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Stinkvi,This game is just amazing.
,Not Recommended,243470,16644950,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Blubbermaggot,"Ultimately, I should have researched this game and its reviews more before I bought it (and all DLC) on sale. My mistake.It's OK, but it suffers from all of the reasons I don't play Assassins Creed games any more. Ubisoft have still not fixed the major problems that makes people not buy their games; not least of which being requiring Uplay as more DRM; coupled with frustrating key bindings and controls. This game plays like Assassins Creed with cars, and I wouldn't be surprised if that's how it was built.The hacking is novel but simplistic, and it took a while before I managed to navigate through the menu to turn the ""Online"" options off. Of all the annoying pop-up tutorials I got, that one would have actually been useful to me. Maybe I'll turn it back on once I've finished the game, but it was very annoying having randoms pop into my game starting a cat and mouse chase while I was trying to get aquainted with it all, canceling the story mission I was on my way to.If you really must buy a Ubisoft game with stupid ""Hold X"" controls, get Far Cry 3 or 4. This POS had me tearing my hair out. Hold X to hack camera on stealth mission? Too bad, suddenly the cursor has snapped to a transformer to explode next to you and you fail the mission.Funny story, at the start of the game I was trying to evade the cops and noticed a metal plate in the ground saying ""X to explore"". So I stood on top and held X, hoping to stealthily drop down and hide. Turns out, it was ""X to explode"".YES, THE DRIVING IN THIS GAME IS AS BAD AS YOU'VE HEARD.5/10UPDATE: Finished the game, but 3/4 through I played and finished the ""Bad Blood"" DLC (which was OK); then resumed my game. It reset not only my Online settings to being ON again, it also reset my graphics settings too. WTH??Tried out the rest of the DLC; if you like Watch_Dogs, just get Bad Blood (on sale) and ignore the rest. It's  just cosmetic costumes."
,Recommended,243470,16446207,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,POKOBOKOBO,not bad at all
76561197961412942,Recommended,243470,10281003,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Itchy Butt-Hole,I don't know what most of you are talking about. My system plays it just fine. I don't even meet the minimal system req and i can run it just fine. This game is epic. I built a system for it but im waiting for my AMD 8350. Play this game. I had an error at first I looked it up no one had an answer for it. I used  GForce Exp to opt the video settings because it needed to be in full screen and put most of the settings to minimum. Its an awesome game and I highly recommend this game.Watch_Dogs Deluxe EditionAMD Phenom 9550 Quad-Core 2.21ghz4gb ddr 2 800mhzWindows 7
76561197971162801,Not Recommended,243470,16760868,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Mandalay,"Given all the hype around it's launch I was expecting much more from Watchdogs.  I has hoping for Deus Ex meets GTA - but was sorely disappointed.  The story line wasn't at all compelling, and lots of pointless mini-tasks like driving cars from A to B feel crammed in (I struggled with car control too).  Have uninstalled it now."
,Not Recommended,243470,16642529,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Puppet,"A really bad port from the console.  Its laggy, does not have instinctual controls and for the most part is unplayable.After like 6 months of waiting for patches I ended up buying and playing this on the XBox instead.  It is a very good game IMHO, just a bad port to PC.  Buy it on XBox!Oh also, I have been waiting months for Ubisoft to send me a password reminder. :@"
76561198100666899,Recommended,243470,16657158,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,THE GODSON,"Not quite sure why people dont like this game. I thinks its pretty fun. Feel like a ghost when I play this game. Exploding things, hacking traffic lights, intercepting peoples calls, thats fun....TO ME at least."
,Recommended,243470,16658949,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,KnightErrant,There's a glitch where my smartphone is constantly stuck to my hand.Best Millenials Simulator 201411/10
,Recommended,243470,16660038,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Dread Naught,Everyone i Know gave this game a Bad Rep but i have to say i quite like it
,Recommended,243470,10256661,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,HydroJim,"fx-8320 oc to 4.0ghzevga gtx 770 sc acx 2gb8g G-skill sniper ram 1866mhzRuns 30-70 fps stutters a little but its fine i can wait for a patch ,every thing on ultra Txaa x2"
,Recommended,243470,10256756,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Chris,"I have a Overclocked CPU i5-3570k at @ 4.2GHz and a single GTX 760 GPU, and I'm running this game fine at 44-58 fps at High Settings, Idk why others are having such a hard time."
76561198104281498,Recommended,243470,10256878,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,NoahTheCreator,"the game is really fun. i meen really fun. but omg it is so unoptimized for AMD and Nvidia card alike!what have the peeps at ubi done in the extra time? i ask my self. at the moment i thinking its been ♥♥♥♥ all! the pc port is bad and consel aimd and you see it in so many of the mechs. i do like the game, the story is missions are fun and challaging at times, aiden is a very boring character but its made stronger by the people around him. watch dogs is a good game but not great, the hacking is a blast and the missions are fun but port is just stupid, wait till the price drops down and its been updatede, its a bit like gta 4 wen it was first released on pc. the idea is here but it needs work on pc"
,Recommended,243470,10256966,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,✠ SongBird ✠,"Its interesting. Apparently this game doesn't work well with AMD cards yet I seem to run with it fine, lucky me that I don't have to deal with a broken game AGAIN. I understand crashing and graphical errors are unacceptable but if you get passed that is a genuinely good game. It feels GTA inspired with a unique twist where you can hack your way through any situation without firing a single bullet or even killing anyone. The cliché situation where you have to fight your way through a base to unlock a part of the map has changed in this game, there are multiple ways of gaining access to a base which includes hacking (you never have to set foot in the base). Hacking also offers simple problem solving and is more satisfying then the commando routine. I also found the online experience fun, the online invasions are only possible if you accept the challenge (from my understanding) and is very tense from both perspectives. My only complaints with the game is the graphics are not quite up to par and driving sucks which can make some chase scenarios dreadful.8/10"
76561197985228860,Recommended,243470,10257027,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,sirthomas,i love this game
76561197994208885,Recommended,243470,10257081,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Scooby.,"Great game :) I got it this morning and played around 12 hours. No crashes, no lags and i run it on Ultra on 1920x1080@120hz.My setup:16GB MemI5 4670K@ 3.4GHZGTX 780Running on Windows 8.1"
,Recommended,243470,10257107,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,[Nor] Roht,"Awesome game, but the driving kinda pulls it a littlebit down.. also it sometimes crashes :-/and because of that i give it a 8/10"
,Recommended,243470,10257112,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,hi100040,"A bit of a launch fiasco but within 24 hours I was able to get in and so worth the wait! This game is incredible, Nearly every object is hackable and every person has a data file on them. Makes you feel a little bad when you can't quite save someone from being murdered when you know they had a family and worked a low income job, or feel bad when you hack their bank account as I did on accident within 10 minutes. So far I'm at 15 minutes of gameplay and had to stop to write this. If you like expansive open worlds, like GTA, this is for you. If you like distopia futures, this is for you.Only thing I have been disapointed with is one aspect of the gameplay. Aiden Pierce is a maniac behind the wheel! Playing mouse and keyboard there is no control over the gas peddle. Whenever I take off from a stop light or drive out onto the road from a parking lot I am burning rubber. It's one of those things that kinda hinders the immersion but hey it's small. The only game coming to mind to compare the driving to is LA Noire which is hillariously accurate.Again not really much of a deterent and if you are looking at this in June 2014 or later definatly buy, otherwise you are missing out on a great game.Oh by the way I am running 30-40 fps at all times and my specs are at or below minimum. My belief is that people who are getting low FPS should update graphics drivers and use 1 gpu, not 2 or more. At least until the drivers and game are on the same page about using them."
,Recommended,243470,10257137,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Xiona,"game looks and handles great, for the most part, 50+ FPS on ultra (TXAA X4 HBAO+ High) once i get into a car however, FPS seems to like to drop to an unsteady 30, making the game near unplayable (causing me to crash run into♥♥♥♥♥♥ and causes massive input lag i step on breaks, i hit the wall, then apply breaks...RIGCPU: i7 4770K 3.5GHzGPU: GTX 760 4GB Edition 2 way SLIRAM: 16GBO/S: Windows 8.1 64X"
76561198001908417,Not Recommended,243470,10256726,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,xflorenty,"The game is nearly unplayble with powerful rig wait until it get parched or better dont buy it. Loads of hype and released almosrt 6 months after what it was supposed to, and I cant play it with two 680 in SLI really unbelivable. Really nice Ubisoft."
76561198012476638,Recommended,243470,10257539,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Obergruppenfuhrer Smith,By far my favorite game. Simply amazing!
76561198110548672,Recommended,243470,10257588,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,thegamerxd7,This game is way better that GTA 5!
76561198095916547,Recommended,243470,10257611,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,The Don,The mouse feels so wierd.
,Recommended,243470,10257618,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Renolds,#1 for game of the year!!!
76561198076945018,Recommended,243470,10257630,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Bullit285,"Yes I do recommend this game because1: If you bought this game because of hype and you are dissapointed you are already a consumer wh*** and deserve it.2: This game is like every other game with a story specified for a specific audience (myself) if you're not interested in the aspect of the story this game is revolved around once again not for you.3: It has fast action, guns, hacking, quick thinking components, and cars (which is why people buy GTA).4: It works well on my PC with no crashes, tearing, and my frames are at a stable rate.It just came out if you dont like something wait for patching or at least give contructive criticism instead of, ""The story is lame""."
,Recommended,243470,10257652,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,SilentDarkNight,"Hack this, hack that, or that....or this......what to hack? Exactly you won't even know what to hack first with so many things to hack. A lot of humor to be found the gameplay is really well done. Garphics are pretty good, not amazing but the core is the open world and Ubisoft has managed to create a new breath of air in the open world genre. Never before have you been in interactive with the world around you. Almost anything you see can be interacted with wither talking with or destroying it. Definitely a game to get"
76561198102161267,Recommended,243470,10257707,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,FilthyCasualZak,"Watch_Dogs, one of the most wanted games of this year. Being a sandbox openworld lover I will say watch dogs is very, very good in this case. The game will dip in framrate in some parts of the map (Which it very big for this type of game) I understand why some people dislike this game but in my case, I love it so far! having 10+ hours in this I think I know what I am talking about.I like the storyI like the skill trees (RPG like)I LOVE the hacks in this (Most likely because it is about hacking)I like the gunplay in it too, very diffent to other gamesI dislike that the framrate dips but all around its a good game 9/10 :3"
,Not Recommended,243470,10257710,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Gh05tm4ch1n3,"I would not reccomend this game, why?Ubisoft the makers of Watch Dogs pushed this title back to fix a lot of issues but forgot to optimise it at all for amd graphics chipset users, at the moment if you are running a intel rig with nvidia chipset you are laughing but on a AMD rig its utter dogshit.Graphics are bland and pixelized gta5 has this game beat in a lot of areas where the graphics are concernedOptimisation is pure dogshit too, on a amd rig its really terrible with lots of in bug filled areas memory is badly utilized with this game as every now and then your game will slow down, have missing textures (resulting in a void)story is kind of meh, the online options are just not even worth looking at oh and did i forget if you want to play this game get ready to download a load of 3rd party ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t just so they can drm you up the♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198021539741,Not Recommended,243470,10257720,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,bluerobes,"I will try to split this into a performance and a gameplay review.  This may seem a little harsh and unjustified with limited game time.  But, you never get a second chance to make a first impression.  I will edit this review later when I get more time in and/or they patch a few issues.Performance:You really do need to have a specific rig setup to play this game without problems.  The driving aspect can be disasterous alone with stutters and latency.  Luckily, I am not one who has experienced crashes as of yet.  I have had problems logging into the Ubisoft/Uplay servers though.  This can be annoying, but understandable considering the new release of a game like this.  I would definitely recommend a controller for this game as it is not exactly keyboard/mouse friendly. The controls can be unresponsive for me.  I will give an example.  When going to the skills screen, my mouse cursor can disappear where I cannot choose any skill to look at aside from the very first one in each category.Gameplay:Initial take on the game is simple.  I overpaid.  This game has graphics that are ok. The initial setup of the game for story isn't bad.  The beginning gameplay can seem a bit underwhelming.  But, after the tutorial beginning, the gameplay can already feel repetitive and familiar to GTA and other clones.  Continuing with this game is only recommended for hardcore gamers who really want to see how the story unfolds.  I truly believe that is where this game has potential at this point from a single player perspective.  We bought the game because of the trailers.  Unfortunately, it still feels unfinished.  Yes, the city is densely populated.  There are many things to do.  For those who like getting lost in the little things (like being able to hack into a phone conversation and just listen for no good reason), then you may be in luck.Until the game has had a few patches done to it to iron out the wrinkles, you may want to hold off on this game.  ESPECIALLY at this price.  It's not horrible.  I just can't seem to justify the price though."
76561198034905136,Not Recommended,243470,10257727,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,DawnofOrcas,"Never got the chance to play the game since Uplay sometimes crashes and closes the game . Although once Ubisoft gets ahold of it, it might run(Check Uplay on Facebook). But right now it's not doing so good with the crashes within minutes and loading times, Uplay is a DontPlay :("
,Not Recommended,243470,10351799,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,lunareklipse,"I’ll start off by saying I’ve been waiting for this game to come out for around 4 years, all the trailers and information I seen I thought it was going to be so bad♥♥♥♥♥ and that might be why I’m so let down by it.  The idea of the game is amazing, the execution is horrible.  It was fun at first, but it quickly turned into a very lame generic open world game.  I played as much as I did because I paid 60 damn dollars for it, but I just can’t even deal with even playing through only the story missions anymore.  The story is horrible, and I think that’s the biggest problem for me.  I’ve been playing games for so long and seen all the GTA’s and saints row ect ect.  I get major ADD when I play games and there is nothing here that keeps things interesting.The driving is horrible, bikes might as well not be in the game they are a major let down. You run into things and just blast them off the road and you’re cars hardly takes any damage.  It feels like the driving and the story and just about everything else doesn’t have any thought or fine details to it.  It’s not fun to drive around and run over pedestrians. There is no melle combat, the guns seem OK, but its way to easy to never have to deal with the cops and the morality system seems to make no difference.  I’m full “evil” if you will, and I haven’t noticed much of a difference.The hacking was cool at first being somewhat of a puzzle to find cameras to link you to the guy you need to hack.  When in reality its easier to just roll up on a gang hideout or mission area and just blast everyone away or run them over with your car. The cops are pretty lame, its hard to get them after you, but seems to be a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to get rid of them. I was able to stop people from calling 911 about 90% of the time; the only time I ran into the cops was when it was built into the story.  I wouldn’t really call this a bad thing, I never “enjoy” dealing with cops in openworld games, it’s a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥when they are too sensitive like gtaV they come after you instantly just for punching someone.The only thing I really enjoyed and thought was cool was the multiplayer of people invading your game or vice versa, however it seemed to take way to long when trying to join someone elses game. While you are in the “que” you can’t do anything besides drive around in circles so I found I gave up on trying to join games and just waited for people to come to me which didn’t really happen as much as I would like either.Now the graphics, oh the graphics…  I have what I could call a pretty high-end rig, I’m not running duel titans or anything completely ridiculous, but I do have a 780, I7 4770K @4.4, 16 gigs of vengeance, and a ROG hero maximus board in a NZXT Phantom 530 case. I could run the game on ultra, but it was all over the place for FPS and it started stuttering horribly when I would get in a car. This was resolved by running the game in windowed borderless mode. I’ll say that on Ultra the game really doesn’t look that great, it is not mindblowing or “next gen” in my mind yet its taxing the crap out of my rig. My gpu was always sitting around 75-79 C while it’s at 28 at idle. I have 8 fans in this case 10 if you include the cpu cooler and I never see a game go up past 50-60 range on the gpu.  In order to get a constant 60fps I had to run a mix of high and medium which is pathetic. There’s youtube videos of people on duel titans (waste of $$ I Know) not being able to run the game on ultra at 60fps, if you have 3+grand tied up in a rig and it can’t run this game on ultra at 60 then something is seriously wrong.  However to the same effect my GF is able to play the game fine on medium settings in my old system that’s only running a gtx460 and damn amd phenom II black edition. Also it doesn’t look much worse than ultra -.-There are way better open world games than this, if you’re me you’ve played them all already and going back to play them over is kinda pointless. So this game was hopefully going to scratch the itch, but it is just not good I hate to say it.  If you haven’t played em all go pick up sleeping dogs, or saints row 4 if you want to just have a hell of a time messing around, but don’t spend 60 bucks on this game."
76561198018715712,Not Recommended,243470,10351838,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,☯✪dragon123789456✪☯,the product code wont show up antwhere but its amazing for xbox one
76561197970500440,Not Recommended,243470,10351916,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,wyrm001,"I would avoid this game until its in the bargain bin.The gameplay centers around 3 mechanics.1)Combat, which plays like every other shooter game.  It includes an ability called focus which is used to slow time down.  Would be more impressed with it if such a gimmick wasn't as old as dirt by now.  Combat AIs aren't bad, but they're not particularly dangerous either.2)Hacking, basically find something to hack, then hold down q for 1 second.  Somtimes involves a little puzzle for more ""secure"" systems.  Can affect some physical objects, which can be amusing the first time.  10 minutes into the game, it is repetitive and boring, though occasionally useful when paired with the 3rd mechanic.3)Driving- I probably spend over 3/4 of the game in one car or another.  So many of the main quests and side contracts require a car chase, either as the pursuer or the rabbit.  Its a little fun at first to drive some of the faster vehicles through traffic, but again, it gets old a bit quick.  Traffic is ridiculously light for a major city like chicago.  90% of the time its perfectly safe to blow through intersections without slowing.  There are no police on the streets unless a citizen calls them.  So literally it becomes set the waypoint on the map and follow the arrows to it at full speed.Story is so-so.  Starts off weak and cliched, gets a little better as it goes on, but still not great.More points off for having to install Uplay and login to it every time I want to play.  I recognize that it's a week after the release of a major title and that the login servers are going to be a bit overburdened, but really?  I don't see the point of having to use Uplay in the first place."
76561198015443398,Recommended,243470,10351925,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Leviathan,"Very fun game, I really enjoy it. So far, the only complaint I have is that the cars you drive are nearly invincible.I'd really like them to add realistic damage to the cars kind of like the damage you'd see in racing games etc... But other than that, I have no complaints. Fun game!"
76561198054144670,Not Recommended,243470,10340109,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Allahu Akbar Sosa Chan,"Piece of crap game is so badly unoptimized. It will have major framerate drops and a lot of lag most of the time. Although it is fun when it isnt going at 3 frames per second, it is unacceptable how they delayed the game to ""polish"" it, but didnt even bother testing to see if it runs well. DO NOT BUY UNTIL IT THE LAG IS FIXED."
,Not Recommended,243470,10353174,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Max Attacks,I unfortunately can't recommend this game.  It's simply unoptomized for PC which is really a shame with some of the new ideas it tries to implement.
76561197960604581,Not Recommended,243470,10353382,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,T-Bone,One week from release and already have an DLC. It's boring a laggy
,Not Recommended,243470,10354023,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Squidward,"Didnt like this game at all, was expecting so much out of it from all these trailers but no its the most boring game ive ever played, so repetitive in the missions, driving is terrible because the car cant be easily controlled and the hacking was also boring all you do to hack is press a button and all don, wheres the fun in that?And the story was the worst........ really regret buying this game.. dont recommend it at ALL!!"
76561197963719142,Recommended,243470,10354616,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,lordvader,This game is very good all the  it got it sold over 400000 copy of the game you need a big rig to play this game there are some problem whit game but ubisoft is working on a pacth to fix them if you played gta 5 then this game is rigth up your street the online mode is good and the game play is good as well it is a big thumb form me
,Not Recommended,243470,10354762,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Michael Caine,at the moment i wouldn't recommend it until newer drivers come out.
76561197966070806,Not Recommended,243470,10310028,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,krank,"Awful  things:¤ ATROCIOUS writing. If you think Dan Brown, George Lucas and Tom Clancy are great writers, you'd probably love this.¤ Sub-par voice acting. Not Resident Evil bad, just bland and uninspired.¤ Some cars are almost impossible to drive (PC version, using a keyboard). Maybe the console version is better. Motorcycles are actually much easier to drive than performance cars.¤ The cutscenes are cringeworthy. The game would actually be 100% better if they just removed all attempts at story, and just popped up a message saying ""go to this place and for no reason kill lots of people"".¤ I can not stress enough how horrendously clichéd the writing is. Oh, the female hacker is a good looking punk chick? Hmmm, where have we seen that recently, apart from EVERYWHERE? And she's French, for no discernible reason? Does that count as ""character"" nowadays? ""She has tattoos and an accent. Well, that's today's writing done, now let's get drunk!"" The protagonist is yet another grizzled, stubbly guy out for revenge. His hoarse, meandering justifications for all his crimes are laughable. OK, this is a computer game and not Dostoyevsky, but considering how much time has gone into this game, they could have spent a little more time on the script. Either that, or gone over-the-top Saints Row style.Good things:¤ Most side missions are fun and varied, unless they force you to drive a specific car somewhere, in which case you want to murder everyone involved in making the game.¤ The cityscape is impressive.¤ The missions where you hack cameras, doors and lifts to gain access to a building are very well thought out. Occasionally challenging, but never frustrating.¤ Stealth works pretty good IMHO. You can sneak around and headshoot people to your heart's content.¤ I haven't had any problems with lag or stuttering (Geforce GTX 770, 16GB RAM, i7 3.50GHz.) Game runs smoothly, but I haven't maxed out settings.¤ The cars look very good. They can't be modified in any way though, which is a shame. And they handle like♥♥♥♥♥♥¤ Hacking the environment to take out enemies is very addictive. It can turn a simple ""kill this guy""-quest into a clever puzzle. Or, you can run in guns blazing.¤ Cars are delivered to you whenever you want them, no GTA-garage-setup. You can also steal or jack any car.¤ The countryside looks even better than the city. Plenty of dirtbiking.Possible areas of improvement (""Nice-to-have""):¤ Customisable protagonist.¤ More styles of clothing. At present, all clothes are just coat-and-cap with slightly different cuts.¤ Customisable cars."
76561197974806323,Not Recommended,243470,10355877,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Drakks,"Imagine taking a Rockstar title that is fairly genre defining... and then doing every aspect of that game just off the mark. Make it more cumbersome to move, add in a world that doesn't feel as alive, minigames that don't quite work, leave oddities in the world from physics issues to a police force with no water prensence, create a main story that is so cliched and boring you cannot possibly care about the characters, and then toss in hacking in a way that doesn't feel like it's a part of the world.. but instead feels like an afterthought conceived as a hook to say how much you aren't GTA.If you can imagine all that, you've pretty much played Watch_Dogs. While hyping a major release like this is common, as well as tne ensuing letdown, Watch_Dogs did it in such an epic fashion for me that I really just feel nothing for the game. I'd rather  throw Grand Theft Auto 1 in on a console and play it then put more than an hour into this uninspired game."
76561198057352412,Recommended,243470,10356052,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,jdees,"Too bad there aren't dogs, and some people look way older than they are, but I still like it."
,Recommended,243470,10356615,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Iridescent,"I was waiting sooooo long for this game to come out,to play the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of it and I did.Almost non-stop playing through!Story is awesome,characters are awesome,everything is awesome in this game!I did experience a couple of bugs tho and a whole lot of BSODs,but that doesn't change my attitude.This game marked 2014 as a good year for me!"
,Not Recommended,243470,10258848,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,waterbottles,This is pretty much a GTA clone with decent stealthyness added.  Vs modes are kinda fun but free mode is pointless and boring.  The arcade style drivings (much like sleepings dogs) in this game is very unwelcome and doesnt really fit into how the game is made.  Also matchmaking takes FOREVER. Have fun spending $60 to hack street lights kids!
,Recommended,243470,10258851,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,ProLemz,"I managed to play this for about 12 hours before I started having loading issues. Before I say anything, I must say I am a huge fan of the Assassin's Creed franchise and have loved Ubisoft's story telling ability and for me is one of the greatest selling points. However, that is not to say that they've all been perfect.Watch Dogs is visually stunning with some of the best shading and water detailing I have ever seen (I am running this at almost all Ultra settings). The hacking system is very fun and enjoyable making stealth play almost second nature. The story is progressing nicely and with it, you feel more and more like a hero. I am only up to act 2 however, so I am expecting it to get better and better. Driving is a little awkward but you adapt soon enough. The random acting missions have small amounts of deviation but they feel a little repetitive. I don't mind that though because being able to hack bank account after bank account to accumulate over $100,000 is awesome! There is much to love about Watch Dogs but much to improve on also. For a Ubisoft's first true, open world game which honestly, shows GTA a few things or two, it has done well. I look forward to their second itteration and how much improvement they make because I think that will be the game to look out for."
,Not Recommended,243470,10258855,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Scoats,If you love Mountain Dew and think that the Xbox One is the perfect creationYou'll love this game8.4/10 ~IGN said so must be good
,Recommended,243470,10258876,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,0casey055,"Has a very nice story and very innovative hacking system. 9.5/10. Would reconmend this game to anyone who loves puzzle games, assasains creed or GTA."
,Recommended,243470,10258951,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Ōbami 大神,"Good game, terrible DRM and digital distributor (Uplay)."
76561197995028878,Not Recommended,243470,10258971,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,ZeKatZ,"I can't even get past the loading screen! Seriously? A ``supposidly"" triple A game, and I can't even play it! I paid good money for this game and for what, bugs and crashes!? This is not cool, I shouldn't be roaming the internet in search of a solution on how to play the thing! Really disapointing."
,Recommended,243470,10258990,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,storm-,"I highly recommend this game; huge map size with tons of missions and a long main story that will last you for hours of fun and enjoyment. It has an easy playstyle, something comparable to GTA & Sleeping Dogs. I'm currently on ACT 2 of 5 and I'm loving it so far!"
76561198042816317,Not Recommended,243470,10258993,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,MEЯCY,not a good game at all
,Not Recommended,243470,10259006,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,big doints,"Man, poor driving mechanics, and ik KB/M isn't the best for driving, but I play dirt 2 with it and it works perfectly fine in that game. When driving it seems like you have massive input lag, and if you hold it for too long bam, smash into a wall. Not to mention driving in a game that lags every 10 seconds at high speeds doesn't help. I guess I'll have to wait until they optimize this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ console port.pc specs:gtx 780 lightningamd fx 8350 oc @ 4.4ghzsamsung evo 250gb ssd10gb ramTired of wasting my money on AAA titles that turn out to be worse than the 15 dollar indie games I mainly play.I will keep trying to give this game a shot, but until they fix the input lag and fps drops, it's going to be hard."
76561198033353603,Recommended,243470,10259019,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,GhunN4U,Pretty sure game companys dont give  a♥♥♥♥♥♥for PC players anymore.  They still think people are copying cd's and passing them out. Like in 1985 lol.     ITS 2014 IDIOTS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!... DONT BUY.. runs like crap with my i7 6 gigs..Ati 5870 HD.  Which is ULTRA on 90% of other games. OHH cant even run on lowest setting with EVERYTHIGN.. i mean EVERYTHIGN on LOW.... Can even do the car chase's.... USLESS GAME!! might be good in 3 years  of patching though. :(    Back to Darksiders 2 i go.   U-wanto-play RIP OFF.   Steam AND Uplay on REQ?????   WTF IS THAT!!!! Can you say  LAGGING EVERYTHING.
,Recommended,243470,10259065,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,OnixG5mer,"Playing this for the first time was a bit challenging because the control were a little bit different than what I'm use to. Once I got use to the control, things start to get better. My score for this game is 8.5/10. this game shows me how weak my graphic card has become so I need to upgrade my graphic card soon."
,Recommended,243470,10259156,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Feral Angel,Man U Play is some booty.
,Recommended,243470,10259203,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,ChYph3r,Im enjoying the game. It only took me 5 trys to log into the Ubisoft servers. Once in it was cool. But I still havent gotten my preorder items and it just seems that steam and ubisoft arent talking correctly.But other than that the game play is fun till you do the co-ops with little 12 yr old brats with open mics. Other than that the game is solid. Im diggin it!
,Not Recommended,243470,10259218,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Schrödinger's Finger,"This game makes ""True Crimes: Streets of L.A."" look like a masterpiece. Ubisoft toned down the graphics for outdated consoles. Too bad. If you don't believe me, get a glimpse from this video below comparing the alpha version to the released version.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L_A6Z3gkXlk#t=209"
,Recommended,243470,10259248,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Pvt. Hudson,"No problem whatsoever here,,, run smoothmy rigCPU: Intel Core i7-4770KMOBO: ASUS TUF SABERTOOTH Z87GPU: GeForce GTX 760 Dual 4GB FTW w/ ACX CoolerRam: Corsair Dominator Platinum 16GB (2x8GB) DDR3 1866MHzCooling: Corsair Hydro Series H100i Extreme PerformanceSSD: Samsung 840 Pro Series 256GBand uplay works fine to me"
,Recommended,243470,10259284,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,ARCH,"The overhype since E3 has really done more harm than good. This game, you either love it or hate it. If you take the time to soak in all the little details it can be a fun experience. I witnessed cars crash and the drivers argue afterwards, people trip and fall, or petty thiefs stealing from random ATM users. You can tell the devs truley intended to make this a unique experience, but agian the bad choices of leaving AMD in the dark and the pressures of making the ""definitive next gen"" game is probably Watch Dogs worst enemy. (On a side note AMD being dodgy for me was fixed by installing the 14.6 Driver on their website). Honestly this is not a GTA game, but it's not suppose to be. If thats not for you thats fine but try to realize coming in that Watch Dogs has its own personality that may turn off some gamers."
76561197963184640,Recommended,243470,10254595,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Posedao,The game is enjoyable thus far but I can see where tweaks should be made in the game. The driving is atroscious but can be delt with. Also the cut scenes are quite annoying with the pixelation effect. Other than that I find the game enjoyable.
,Recommended,243470,10259325,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,nekesti 2.0,"Absolutely amazing. I struggled at the beginning with getting my game to work and stop crashing (of course I still suffer from the ocassional crash), but besides that it runs smoothly.  I don't see why everyone complains about the graphics, as even on low it looks gorgeous. Gameplay is fabulous and the the storyline is flawless. I had my doubts when I first got it and it crashed, but with a bit of problem solving, you'll figure it out!Some solutions I noticed were changing uplay to offline mode, and disabling the interface thingy. Actually, must look it up. There are plenty of good articles already out there who can explain it way better than I can.Also i'd like to mention that the gun fighting is amazing, along with the fact that it seems every citizen has a story behind them, creating such a real feeling that if you were to spend too long playing, you might mistake it for the real world.Gameplay: 8.5/10Graphics: 9.5/10Overall: 9.7/10Seriously. Check the game out.Note: To everyone who is complaining about crashs.. PROBLEM SOLVE."
,Recommended,243470,10259340,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Bunchez,"I dont understand why everyone is talking down on this game, alot of people have been talking about the game keeps crashing. well thats because your pc probably doesnt have high specs, in my opinion its a pretty good game. yes it does feel like grand theft auto a lil bit. but all in all its a good game. Definitly worth the money if you have a really nice pc."
,Recommended,243470,10259387,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,[LH] Space Bat,"Well... that is of course if you can get it working. It's my understanding that uPlay is having an epic level of failure right now allowing anyone to play as they have been offline for... well over 12 hours now. That's bad.Bad things aside, I can't really say much more on the negative about this game. It really is solid. Story is great, albeit a bit of a cliche, and the game mechanics are solid. Sure the driving is too tanky and the hacking isn't all that entertaining, but it doesn't take away from the fact that it is indeed a solid game. I recommend it simply because the game is certainly top notch. Is it worth the price tag? Yes. Games that take 5 years to make, whether or not they feel like it, deserve it especially when the game delivers on the scale of this one. You are welcome to disagree, but if they charged 19.99 for this game, the company would go under. 8/10.+Graphics are good+Gameplay is solid+Story is engaging-Driving feels like rolling an Abrams through NYC-Hacking isn't anything special"
76561197967682611,Not Recommended,243470,10260882,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Mr. Norton,Not worth full price.  Wait for a steam sale if you want to play this game or wait for GTA 5 PC and forget about this game.  Story is okay and multiplayer is half baked.
76561198090444685,Not Recommended,243470,10260644,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Gimp Batman,"It is way too overhyped. If you plan on buying the game wait until it goes on sale because it has potential but fails to impress. There are far better games that you can buy for significantly less money. Unless you enjoy worse car physics than grand theft auto, graphics that are reminiscent of games from last generation, and a virtually nonexistent multiplayer at the moment I suggest you simply avoid the game for the time being because while it is not terrible it does not excel. Considering the fact that ubisoft has games in the past such as the driver series and rainbow six new vegas, you would think that they could at least crank out a game that consisted of semidecent third person shooting, stealth, and free roam but this is not the case. If you were wanting  free roam get a saints row game or gta, if you want stealth take a look at the splinter cell series,  but if you want to find an impressive game look else where, especially with amazon having sales on their digital games."
76561198015779641,Recommended,243470,10260932,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,[RNBW] Quick_Shot47,"drove into a fench, car exploded10/10 directed by Michael Bay"
,Recommended,243470,10260950,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,MART3N,One of the best games ever!It crashed when i started the game for the first time but i fixed that by updating my GPU drivers.
,Not Recommended,243470,10260960,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Spaceballer,"The game isn't bad, but it isn't anything particularly special, either. It's very reminiscient of playing an Assassin's Creed title (just coincidentally another Ubisoft franchise) mixed with the gunplay from Hitman: Absolution. Simply put, it just doesn't feel like anything new or fresh. I've enjoyed my time playing it simply because I don't seem to mind the fact that it's an amalgamation of seemingly rehashed mechanics from several games I've enjoyed in the past, though I cannot in good conscience recommend the game for a couple of reasons.The graphics are HORRIBLY optimized. With my GTX 760, i7 3820 @ 3.60ghz and 8 gb RAM the gameplay is choppy even on MEDIUM settings. Even on low the driving sequences can stutter quite a bit, and that's pretty unacceptable considering I can run games that appear just as demanding with little to no problems.False advertising. The game does not look like the pre rendered sequences that were shown 2 years ago at E3. I'm sick of developers/publishers pushing 'NEXT GEN GRAPHICZ' down our throats and trying to show off the power of new graphics engines only to witness the same looking games over and over. That's not to say that the game looks bad, or that I'm basing my review of this game on graphics, but that it's unacceptable to lead us along with this next gen graphics nonsense, only to end up with the end result that we have currently in place."
76561198005182279,Recommended,243470,10395214,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,-FYC- Android,"Fun to play, open world GTA model with hacking. Works great with a controller."
,Not Recommended,243470,10395363,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Lore,"Fun.... but ultimately a disappointment. Fans of open world games will enjoy their time in Chicago, with some unique gameplay elements, a select few enjoyable characters, but unfortunately Watch Dogs just falls flat on it's face with a forgettable plot, a one-dimensional main protagonist, and odd story choices with a large amount of artistic and gameplay oddities... I just can't recommend the price point."
,Recommended,243470,10349673,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Raknd,"First of all, let me tell anyone looking at this game that there are apparently issues, I have yet to have ANY issues other then a framerate drop during intense situations, like chasing a car through someones backyard after crashing them off course. Most negitive reviews and comments are about crashing or just because it's a Uplay title. If you troubleshoot the game and contact support it will generally work.PositivesThe game is amazingly fun and addictive, you can hack people to gain funds for weapons and gadget you can also use your phone to call in cars right to your spot!The story is great and I found myself constantly wanting to find out more about the enemys and how to defeat them. Gunplay is very fun with the added steath mechanics and the ability to hack cameras and use the vision as an advantage leads to some very fun situations!Online is the place where im the least expericanced, as I have only had a player hack into my game about 3 times, but it is very VERY well done so far! The invading player will try and hack you to steal your data and you must find them by ID'ing the people in the area until you find them, then elimiate them. This mechanic allows for some very intense moments that keep you glued to your seat and panicing!ISSUESSome framerate drops in ""busy"" settingsDriving damage to cars could be betterSIde missions repeat to a degreeOpening steam overlay makes a ghost cursor appear for meReview is subject to change once I finish the game and play 2+ hours of online as well."
,Recommended,243470,10349708,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,MeechicreeperHI(YT),♥♥♥♥
76561198026437405,Not Recommended,243470,10349738,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Lazzerus,Unplayable.  It sucks.  Don't waste the money.
76561198055790562,Not Recommended,243470,10349868,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Cystro,"no dont buy this at the moment, glitches lag, pass/wait for a patch/fix"
76561198033963062,Recommended,243470,10349877,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,mark,masterpiece
,Not Recommended,243470,10350320,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,steps,Nope
,Recommended,243470,10350385,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Steve Nelson,"I personally have had no performance issues with this game at all. At first the story is boring and generic however in the later chapters it really exceeds itself, the hacking mechanics are well done and the gun play is good. The driving, not so great. Overal a very good game."
,Recommended,243470,10350415,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,kissmemore,"Not as amazing as we expected, but its alright if you're a graphic ♥♥♥♥♥ like meself :3"
,Recommended,243470,10350545,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Matthew,"It's a great game if you've got leftover money, and a it'll a little more fun than GTA IV. But i feel as if they could of put so much more work into the game, that they still kind of rushed it."
76561197976648915,Not Recommended,243470,10350675,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Confibious,"UTTER CRAP! They have released DLC for this game yet still refuse to help those that cannot play this at all! I have a Dual GPU card that cost me damn near a grand and because it has two gpus built into it I cannot play this game, disabling crossfire does nothing and there are hundreds with my same problem, I am used to games not being fully optimized for my type of card right off the bat but to be denied the ability to play a game is a new low and expecting me to spend hundreds more on a different card for a single game is ludicrise and illegal. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME UNTILL THEY FIX IT!"
,Not Recommended,243470,10350820,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,FishySurprise,"IF you can get it to run, and IF you can stomach UPlay, then it's below average.Don't believe the hype."
,Recommended,243470,10351022,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,"I, me and myself","I love this game if you got a gd laptop like me then it works well with out any issues, the only thing I don't like is that i need to get myself a controller to play this bad boy game but in shorter works I like this game and everybody likes diffennet things so ha lol"
,Recommended,243470,10351551,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,MyNameaJheff,"I understand that I am in a very low percentile here, but I have had no problems whatsoever with the download, install, launch, and running of the game. It has never crashed on me, I have had no lagging, and I am able to run it on Ultra while still maintaining 50 fps. My computer is not even that insane, I am running an Intel core i5-4670k, 8GB of Corsair RAM, and a GTX 760 2GB. I pre-ordered the game three days before its released, and installed it as soon as it was available. Now, past my seemingly incredible luck with the game as a program, I move onto the game itself. This is by far one of the best games I have ever played. The immense world that Ubi has created is mind-boggling. There is still many sections of the map that I have yet to explore, and the hacking adds a layer to this game that no other game has ever attempted. There is so many different ways to do everything, from main missions to buying a cup of coffee it is your choice as for if you want to go all-out guns blazing, or stealth. The driving is a bit difficult to get a handle of, but becomes extremely fun, especially when you use Focus, and the different camera angles. The graphics are incredible, even on medium-high, and the water is almost life like when you put it at its maximum. There are still a few bugs including the fact that if you make it to any body of water and start swimming you can easily escape the police, but any and all bugs could be easily fixed with an update. I would highly suggest this game to anyone, but I would also recommend waiting for an update. If you have still made it this far, I applaud you for your focus. Thank you for reading, and I hope you take into consideration the points I have brought up before you make your decision of buying the game or not.FINAL RATING:98/100"
,Not Recommended,243470,10351644,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Nekoshu,would probaly be a fun game to play if it would actually start on my computer instead of crashing at startup
,Recommended,243470,10351779,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Orphan Crippler!,"DESPITE the issues people have had with Uplay, Watch_Dogs, in my opinion, was a great game. My review will be completely based on my opinions on the game, and no butthurt about Uplay being the worst thing put on PC known to mankind. Now, let us carry on with further review!If you have been a continuous follower of the Assassin's Creed series as I have been, I believe you will enjoy this game as far as the story goes. I felt it was a nice story and if you went on to get the collectables and finish the investigations there was a bit of depth added. The environment of Chicago felt great; although, I have never been to the Windy City in my life. Each NPC had a personality and different traits, the noises of the city and also the wilderness of Pawnee seemed to have a depth to it that not many games can achieve. The hacking itself added a unique twist to the game, without it, to put it simply, it would be a boring open world game without much to experiment with. The graphics- for those of you out there who prefer graphics over gameplay- were simply beautiful. Sure, it isnt the most glorious graphics mankind has laid its eyes upon- I look to Bioshock Infinite for my judging of graphics- the lighting was quite extensive and the textures were amazing, if and only if your rig can run them well. Driving takes a little time to get used to, it has kind of a Need for Speed feel to the way the cars handle. Now, what I look for most in an open-world game: is there replay value? Yes and No. It's a classic Ubisoft game when it comes to replay value: theres collectables, investigations, and mini-missions spread all over the map, but, activities-wise, I'm going to put it simply and bluntly, there isnt♥♥♥♥♥♥to do compared to other open world games. Sure, you can play chess or go gamble, but there simply arent enough activities other than the main storyline to enjoy. Many of the activites/side quests get repetative and boring, but if you're like me, you will play them all through until you unlock the reward such as a vehicle or special gun. I'm going to put an end to the replay value rant, time for my quick review of multiplayer. Short and simple- Interesting new game modes, kind of crappy setup for interacting with friends because you can't directly go 1v1 with them, you can only free roam, race, or do a capture the hill type gamemode all of which were fun, but it was still a bummer you couldnt be more interactive with your friends.All-in-all, I would score this game, ohhhh, lets say 8-9/10.     8.5/10. Idk, I hate scaling things from 1-10 because it never feels accurate to me, but that's not the point. Hope that anyone who read this found it helpful. Enjoy."
76561198073528043,Recommended,243470,10338170,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Inferno,Great game
76561198060262791,Not Recommended,243470,10338185,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,PCMaster2165,very poorly optimized for top gun Nvidia computers
76561198001079790,Recommended,243470,10338198,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Apocolyptica,"Though not as good as I had hoped this game is still fun and worth the money. It's a little clunky in places, like you set the display to full screen mode yet the next time you play it will be back to window mode. This happens over and over. I play with online set to off and it's been that way since day 1 but just now it turned itself back on for whatever reason. The music on the radio is just ok, there is no ability to select a station or genre so it plays music that  might not be your taste at all. There isn't to many songs either and no talk radio like in GTA. I find hacking to be a lot of fun, you can rake in a lot of money in no time at all though there really isn't to much you can do with it once you have it. Graphics are pretty in many places but just ok in others, I don't really like the looks of the cars to much and they are awkward to control. All that said you can certainly do a lot worse if you are thinking about buying it, as long as your PC is half decent you should be ok. If you have any doubt buy the console versiobn, at least you can trade that in.."
,Recommended,243470,10338327,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,dambaNgo,♥♥♥♥ing awesome xdxd.
,Not Recommended,243470,10257771,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Hexic Dragon ๑ﭥ,"Story.............3/10, below average, bad. Like always.characters.....6.5/10, most are decentgameplay......7.5/10, Same recycled♥♥♥♥♥♥as always, gameplay isnt BAD but its no different thanany other ubisoft open world game.optimization..2/10, TERRIBLE. Especially on AMD cards. Game is barely playable on any system.multiplayer.....6/10, alright. the multiplayer is better than most ubi games, but that isn't saying much.At this point the game is laggy as hell, even on high end systems. Story hasn't been great so far, but that isn't too surprising coming from ubisoft, although i think the characters are fine. Looking past the terrible optimization, i think the game is ok but its nowhere near as good as most of us thought it would be. If you're planning on buying this i HIGHLY reccomend watching actual gameplay/twitch streams of the game before purchasing. Overall, i don't reccomend this game at all."
,Recommended,243470,10338519,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,SavageSonata,"Game is good, nothing revolutionary. Needs optimization. Uplay sucks"
,Recommended,243470,10338738,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,AceofCards1000,"I would definitly pick this game up! If you enjoy open world sandboxes where you can invade/hack anyone and everyones personal information, you would enjoy this greatly!Also there are plently of Side Quests to take part in and of course the seamless Online Play to dabble in after you complete the main storyline (30 Hours).But if your like me and wanna go for 100% Completion that will take around 100 Hours of playing!PS: Bear in mind that you require a good CPU and GPU to run the game at 30-60 FPS"
,Recommended,243470,10339168,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,osvil,"Money well spent, alot of people are ♥♥♥♥♥en about not being able to run the game cuz it's poorly optimized or the ubisoft is hating on amd users. That's all ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, they most likely just have ♥♥♥♥♥♥ rigs and wish they could run the game. I on the other hand have an all amd build and haven't had any problems other than the audio not playing in game( just change your audio settings to stereo on your desktop if you're running surround sound) My specs are as follows.MOBO- Gigabyte 990FXA-UD3CPU- AMD FX-8320 Unlocked @ 4GhzGPU- MSI R9-270x  2G OC @ 1120 mhzRAM- 8 Gigsrunning this all on High setting at a pretty steady 60-70 frames at a resolution of 1920x1080.so yall gotta stop ♥♥♥♥♥en and get better rigs then review the game!other than an audio bug that was found, the game is pretty polished. It's a breath of fresh air from other games that make you a jet set killer (wolfenstein) and i appreciate it. The hacking is pretty cool but i expected to do waaaay more than just steal money from bank accounts and listen to phone calls. there is an♥♥♥♥♥ton of things to do in this game that wont really leave you bored. The downfall of this game is that I feel that many don't play online. I'm always looking for games of decryption or races and it always takes forever to find a game. oh well, their loss I guess. All in all and 8/10 in my book."
76561198098429516,Not Recommended,243470,10339192,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Deathstroke,"The game is so boring, and im not even on chapter 2 of the stoyline. The lag is real and the graphics are nothing like what it was shown on the nvida trailer. Good way to waste $60"
,Not Recommended,243470,10339277,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Rosenkreutz,"You guys at Ubisoft need to share the name of your drug dealer, as he did a great job. I have 2 R9x295 crossfired inside an high end machine.And... WD is not able to run smoothy, doesn't matter what resolution, AA, texture quality, PP effects. Latest ATI drivers don't improve the situation. I am really disappointed, if you are not able to fix this soon my advice is to admit openly the failure and refund all PC users.As a final note: remove Ufail from our pockets."
,Not Recommended,243470,10339284,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,fUzZyDiZe,"If not playing this on a console or at least with a gamepad, otherwise not worth the money"
76561198069599330,Recommended,243470,10339569,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,♔Risqué Kam-L♔,Best game ever :rust:
76561198046109469,Recommended,243470,10339589,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Evil Monkey,Great game! Love the deluxe edition. I would buy it again in a heartbeat!
76561198064066543,Recommended,243470,10363986,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,s-dog879,"Storyline: 10/10 Best I've played in a while. The ending cutscene Is just awesome.Graphics: 7.5/10 looks great on the setting my computer is capable of.Gameplay: 7/10 Hacking can get old after a while.Multiplayer: 7/10 Ones In it are fun but could use some more.Overall: 8.9/10 Absolutely awesome game, Uplay will always be Uplay but regardless I think the game is outstanding.Dont let all the bad reviews stop you from getting it. Ive played this game on an low end PC and a higher end one and it was very playable on the low end one. On the higher graphics settings the game looks awesome! Gamplay is super fun and you wont be dissapointed!"
76561198079330431,Recommended,243470,10364183,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Ahhhhh Blooo Ah Ah,Good game
76561198054722513,Recommended,243470,10364391,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,MR.Shad0w-Muppet,"If only there was a maybe. People need to understand that it isn't their card that is the problem, but rather UPlay. Ubisoft did announce that they will fix the frame issues, and if you don't know how to fix it, just set your game in borderless windows mode, decrease the anti-allias, and play in offline mode if you have to. The game works fine for me."
76561198052590200,Not Recommended,243470,10364409,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Ilzhen,"PLAY THE MULTIPLAYER SECTIONS OF THIS GAME AT YOUR SAVE FILES RISK!There is a bug where loading in from a multiplayer match will corrupt your save file. It removed all of my weapons, all of my hideout locations and there is no way to resore to an older save because there is not one. You cannot buy back the weapons that are unlocked from achievements and it also locks out multiplayer so you cannot queue up for matches anymore.But because you can be invaded at any time you cannot control when you play multiplayer or not! This means that your save has a chance of being corrupted whenever you are playing this game.With such an insane bug I cannot recommend this game to anyone until it has been fixed."
76561198007245500,Recommended,243470,10301230,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Hiro Tunatako,"This game is not worth $60. It's not ""next-gen"" It's barely this gen. Buy this game when it's on sale for 4.99.After playing it a bit, buy it when it hits $20 or less. It's grown on me."
,Not Recommended,243470,10365560,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Dee,What a joke I'm so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥I wasted 60 bucks on this garbage.
,Not Recommended,243470,10366010,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,But I'm Just An Old Lady Anon,First week DLC lol - LeGreedyMerchantFace.jpg
,Not Recommended,243470,10366012,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Lancereiger,"WHOOPS, this game requires you to have the LATEST in computer tech and Ubisoft blatantly addressed those without the latest NVIDIA stuff to either go out and upgrade or ♥♥♥♥ Off before they were forced to backpedal and say it in a nicer tone. Ain't that GRAND?Also Uplay is a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Took me 3 hours to log in. REALLY GREAT SYSTEM YOU HAVE THERE, UBISOFT *SARCASM*.Not to mention that NVIDIA paid off Ubisoft so they could code the game to sabotage your computer if you have AMD graphics cards. Nothing too serious, just massive lag spikes, insanely low frames per second, the fun stuff.Don't buy this game. Overhyped trash until everything is fixed and UBISOFT FIGURES OUT HOW TO OPTIMIZE THEIR♥♥♥♥♥♥I apologize for the foul language but Ubisoft has earned it. This is the last time Ubisoft tricks me into buying something of theirs. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.TL;DR Ubisoft are scumbags."
,Not Recommended,243470,10366013,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Lancereiger,"WHOOPS, this game requires you to have the LATEST in computer tech and Ubisoft blatantly addressed those without the latest NVIDIA stuff to either go out and upgrade or ♥♥♥♥ Off before they were forced to backpedal and say it in a nicer tone. Ain't that GRAND?Also Uplay is a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Took me 3 hours to log in. REALLY GREAT SYSTEM YOU HAVE THERE, UBISOFT *SARCASM*.Not to mention that NVIDIA paid off Ubisoft so they could code the game to sabotage your computer if you have AMD graphics cards. Nothing too serious, just massive lag spikes, insanely low frames per second, the fun stuff.Don't buy this game. Overhyped trash until everything is fixed and UBISOFT FIGURES OUT HOW TO OPTIMIZE THEIR♥♥♥♥♥♥I apologize for the foul language but Ubisoft has earned it. This is the last time Ubisoft tricks me into buying something of theirs. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.TL;DR Ubisoft are scumbags."
,Not Recommended,243470,10366014,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Lancereiger,"WHOOPS, this game requires you to have the LATEST in computer tech and Ubisoft blatantly addressed those without the latest NVIDIA stuff to either go out and upgrade or ♥♥♥♥ Off before they were forced to backpedal and say it in a nicer tone. Ain't that GRAND?Also Uplay is a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Took me 3 hours to log in. REALLY GREAT SYSTEM YOU HAVE THERE, UBISOFT *SARCASM*.Not to mention that NVIDIA paid off Ubisoft so they could code the game to sabotage your computer if you have AMD graphics cards. Nothing too serious, just massive lag spikes, insanely low frames per second, the fun stuff.Don't buy this game. Overhyped trash until everything is fixed and UBISOFT FIGURES OUT HOW TO OPTIMIZE THEIR♥♥♥♥♥♥I apologize for the foul language but Ubisoft has earned it. This is the last time Ubisoft tricks me into buying something of theirs. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.TL;DR Ubisoft are scumbags."
,Not Recommended,243470,10366015,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Lancereiger,"WHOOPS, this game requires you to have the LATEST in computer tech and Ubisoft blatantly addressed those without the latest NVIDIA stuff to either go out and upgrade or ♥♥♥♥ Off before they were forced to backpedal and say it in a nicer tone. Ain't that GRAND?Also Uplay is a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Took me 3 hours to log in. REALLY GREAT SYSTEM YOU HAVE THERE, UBISOFT *SARCASM*.Not to mention that NVIDIA paid off Ubisoft so they could code the game to sabotage your computer if you have AMD graphics cards. Nothing too serious, just massive lag spikes, insanely low frames per second, the fun stuff.Don't buy this game. Overhyped trash until everything is fixed and UBISOFT FIGURES OUT HOW TO OPTIMIZE THEIR♥♥♥♥♥♥I apologize for the foul language but Ubisoft has earned it. This is the last time Ubisoft tricks me into buying something of theirs. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.TL;DR Ubisoft are scumbags."
76561198064450428,Not Recommended,243470,10366112,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,LoveMeImWhite,♥♥♥♥♥game
76561198093046507,Recommended,243470,10366149,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Chilled Pickle,"I had low expectations going in, but it's actually grabbed me. It's basically one of the new Splinter Cell games mixed with GTA with an Ubisoft open world feel.Don't buy it unless you have a really good system though... I have 16 Gigs of RAM, an i7 CPU, and two 670s running in SLI and I am getting a good framerate with the settings mostly on high with some things on medium. It's definitely a system hog, and I wonder about how well optimized it is. Nice (albeit subtle) lighting though.Don't forget to update your drivers! I tried running it without doing that and it kept crashing and ran like crap when it would run at all.It's not world changing but I am having a lot of fun with it."
,Recommended,243470,10366392,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,[PA] Lunysgwen,"This is a great Need For Speed game. You'll spend most of your time trying to get out of colored circles to avoid the cops, and then spend the rest of the time running around killing people and running away from the inevitible swarm of said cops. In fact, you should just call this 'Pedestrian Killer Simulation 2014' and it'd be pretty accurate."
76561198049921948,Not Recommended,243470,10366655,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,AussieGamerRossB,This game has lots of bugs in it.And its really hard to play I with I did not buy this game now wast of money
76561198035627597,Recommended,243470,10282672,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,[MM] Naf-Cop-,"Amazing game, graphics are epic, NPC are extremely intelligent and responsive to every detail, bringing it that much more detail. It is a mix between Assassins Creed and GTA. 10/10!"
,Recommended,243470,10282684,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Chiefa Reef,Stole a guy's entire $2750 savings for a new tv10/10
76561198031249651,Recommended,243470,10265051,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Gentleman Lake,"Only reason I am recommending is because of future bug fixes.As it stands now, It crashes if you even think of the resolution. I have to adjust the resolution, so i can actually see the whole screen, wait for it to freeze and then go back in to play.When things get graphic intensive, it also crashes with a glorious display of blocky blue and green and red.It does not just crash the game mind you, it crashes my entire computer.Still, I am having fun and thankfully we have the option to turn off other players from ""hacking"" into your game as a contract against you. It seems fun, but 4 times in an hour is really annoying."
76561197960478104,Recommended,243470,10443403,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Going Rogue,http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=269121280
76561197968882844,Not Recommended,243470,10454223,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,empty_clips,Someones knocking level is absolutely terrible. This game wasnt worth the money.
76561198110147448,Recommended,243470,10454292,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,fAzE RANIEL,BEST GAME EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,243470,10454843,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Armod,This game is amazing i have had no issues playing . IVe put probley 70 hours into it and still barely done the campagin (to be warned: if you get sidetracked and do side stuff like i did and wonder what do you do once you maxed all the upgrades you can and wonder how to get more. There is a certain point in game where you will unlock it and i am 6 missins in at thie poin and have got full unlocks. Thought to point that out.) i am loving all the side stuff you can do.  easily myfaveroite part. Gang hideouts are one of the most enjoyble things to do you find the targe go around stealth as much as possible then when you get caught pull out the full auto shotgun and just kill every one. The game feels like AC mixed with with gta in a sense. just my thoughts highly reccomend not quite the hype but a lot of fun.
,Recommended,243470,10455492,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,► Gab - ТћΞ ๖ۣۜΚ!ηg,"Are you guys mentally challenged or what ? You can't even make a decent PC port when you specially mentionned ""that PC was the leading platform"". We were shown amazing graphics and shaders effects during 2012 E3. Unfortunately, I paid 60$ for a bad PC port with no optimisation whatsoever, which I stupidely believed. As usual, consoles held you back so we're stuck with downgraded graphics. I didn't have that much respect for Ubisoft, but after a bad PC port and a shiitty DRM (Yes, flash news, Ubisoft, uPlay ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ sucks), I just can't believe that you had the balls to implant uPlay, again. Fortunately the story is decent, and the gameplay time is great. Online isn't worth your time, not much to do except screwing around the city with your friends, which is fun for about 15 minutes.But seriously, let uPlay die like the piece of shiit that it is.9/10 would pirate."
,Not Recommended,243470,10455648,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Kumquatxop,I fully admit I bought this game only because I needed something to tide me over until GTA 5 comes out for PC.  Don't fall victim to my fate.It's a mediocre sandbox console port with middling-to-bad performance (on a 770GTX and 4770K) wherein the only clothes you can wear are various reskins of a jaunty hipster trenchcoat and every contextual action is 'press Q to hack.'Ugh.
,Not Recommended,243470,10456384,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,RedJivE,"Well while im saying i don't recommend it i mean dont buy it your computer or laptop.  Why? Because it loads sooooooo long and i got 3 crashes in 15 minutes of playing (no, its not my Laptops problem, its new and i tried it into my brothers gaming laptop, our cpu and my friends and others who bought this game).  The game itself must be good but when crashes like that happens it jst sukx.  Steam should allow refund, i dont mean u refund whenever like refund after an hour you played the game cause i regreted buying this game here, I should have bought it in my xbox. Like metacritic ratings i recommend buying this game, just not here, if they do manage to fix it well im always cheking everyday if there is an improvement, cause even steam knows that it's buggy.  Oh and Ubisoft STOP USING UPLAY AND UPLAY U SUCK."
,Recommended,243470,10414397,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Andrew,This game is really good had no problems with it yet
,Recommended,243470,10456427,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,BrianReddus,"I'm not a graphics guy. When this game was announced I didn't care too much about how nice the shadows are or whatever - I was just excited I got to romp around my home city of Chicago. Knowing Ubisoft, they'd make it feel as best as they could and have a fun game to go along with it.After I finished the storyline, I really felt like I didn't have much reason to continue playing. It's a good game, but nothing that I feel like dumping lots of hours into just to do all the side missions or upgrades.If I do pick the game up again, it would be for the very unique multiplayer. It really is seamless, and the way it's done is just phenominal. It may just boil down to hide and seek, but damn is it a great feeling to sucessfully tail a player and they don't have a clue. Think about it - the other player isn't alerted to online tailing unless they start a mission. It's entirely possible that during a playthough you may get someone tailing you and you'd never know.It all feels like a good start, almost like they're trying to establish a new series and show the world they can do something other than Assassin's Creed. I hope to romp around some other modern cities soon enough."
,Recommended,243470,10456670,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,PHOENIXN445.exe,"I personally enjoy this video game, the storyline is deep and interesting which just makes me want to keep replaying it.So far i have had no problems with multiplayer nor singleplayer, the quality of this game is a resource hog but nothing too badAnd UPlay , I've never had any problems logging in what so ever but i still think it shouldnt of been put in though.Heres what i think so far: Great game but make sure to read what is recommended to be able to play or else you're not going to have a good time!"
76561198006223315,Not Recommended,243470,10457071,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Sillynipple,"Far less than I expected on many levels, also Uplay."
76561197962159510,Not Recommended,243470,10457329,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Cat Burger,game seems fun but.the keyboard usage is messy on pcToo many different keys to do normal interacting with the world.I feel like iv got to few or to short fingers.
76561198017220669,Not Recommended,243470,10457930,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Oweng3,"Typical low effort Ubisoft game. Story is appalling and filled with contrived characters, extremely repetitive with barely any options for hacking. The final boss is ""Press Q"". Save your money"
,Recommended,243470,10482312,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Jaco Pastrami,Turnded aa on to see what it would look like. Cant start the game anymore.
,Not Recommended,243470,10482414,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,African,"this♥♥♥♥♥♥is horrible why did I buy itTL;DR♥♥♥♥ing ubisoft hype, you expect a great game and then at release the hype just dies out instantly. First off, the graphics are♥♥♥♥♥♥and it's not what we were shown at E3. And this game screams console port because the optimization is horrible, even with a 300$ GPU it still moans when I run it, beat the game? Oh boy, it's gonna freeze occasionally to the point where the game is unplayable as ♥♥♥♥ and you regret everything. The story was♥♥♥♥♥♥too, Aiden Pearce has no personality compared to a sack of potatoes and I no longer supported his mission to find who killed his daughter, because once you do. You ask yourself why? You leave a pile of dead bodies behind you, cause ♥♥♥♥loads of property damage and thousands of dollars stolen from bank accounts, and then you wonder if this guy is really a vigilante.The hacking obviously isn't in depth, expected that. The driving physics are weird as♥♥♥♥♥♥and once you beat the game it gets instantly boring, the radio in-game sucks ball. No different radio stations, you're forced to listen to music from a hipster's itunes library. Sure, I like EDM but games like GTA 5 and 4 had great radio stations. Voice acting is OK, for some actors they fall short. But trust me, there's some good ones out there. Was the story long? Yes, even though it can get repeditive. Expect 20 hours of story gameplay, equal to three days of coming home from school to play it. This game has a fair share of glitches too.This game is NOT worth 59.99$ in my opinion because you'll only be there for the story gameplay and that's it, I always hate the feeling of beating an open world game and ponder ""What is there to do?"" even GTA 5 had more replayability than this steaming pile of overrated♥♥♥♥♥♥♥4/10ubisoft why you ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥division better be good you♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,243470,10483610,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Túatha Dé Danann,"Hello Steam-Community.After having played this game, I want to give a little review on this game.Gameplay and Mechanics:Aside from the main story, the character can upgrade itself in a tiny RPG-like leveling system, in which he unlocks skills. The skill-tree is not really huge and many skills are essential to play the later game with less stress. Still, the usability of the skillset is rather flat. Pressing a single button to ""hack"" stuff is not believable nor engaging. If you fight enemies on the street, you knock them down with bombs or grenade launchers ""the easy way"" or you die within a single salvo of enemy fire. There is no ""deeper"" combat system that might make a battle on the street more interesting. No melee beside pressing a single button, no real immersion with the character or the enemies. I've hoped to see a character that has no steady aim, laser sight or infrared (Metro 2033), customizable weapons (Metro too), a more complex system when you enter the ""slow motion mode"" (Fallout 3), different engagement paths (Assassins Creed), customizable character loadouts (Well... any RPG?) - but the game suffers from the same ""simple management"" ruleset as other AAA games, where a ""must include, does not matter if it makes sense""-list is worked down the path to finish the arbitrary to-do list to increase sales-numbers.So in quite some aspects, the game feels and behaves rather stupid, plain and flat. Game-mechanics not thought to the end or oversimplified, people reacting stupid, driving with 20 kph on highways, not being able to look into the sky (to deactivate a helicopter... really people, who thought this out?), cars way to unsensitive in their agility (they break fast out of the track) AND too slow and so on. The reputation system had no real meaning to the game, you were not able to do anything with your money, as you can only buy weapons and cars (after that you just have it with no purpose, like in real life - well, okay - that was good *derp*) All in all, the game feels unrefined. Just as all the basics are in and that those basics are working, but nothing was finished the way it would be ""good"".Still, everything works. Thats good. No gamebreaking bugs, stable, solid - even in the light of being poorly optimized for PC.Story:So-so. It was good enough to have me played it through. There were quite some games which invoked so much ""shame while playing"" that character, that I had to stop. In this game, I was able to play through it - that is good. It means, that the character is believable to a certain degree. The side missions are, like the game mechanics flat. The stuff that made the most fun were the scenes infliltrating a region filled with enemies, on locations capable of hiding and silently taking out enemies - somehow a little Assassins Creed-feeling here. Sadly, there is only a limited number of locations and after they are done, well - they are done.Another downside of the story is, that it is linear. You have no choice. There is only a single moment where you have a choice (but granted: It was made well) - but other than that, nothing you do got any impact on the game-world. There was a moment in the story-line, where I wanted to give a certain group the ""Yes"" answer, but the main character just said ""No"" - that was frustrating.The character-design is also rather flat. While the main character has quite some background, there are 3 characters that are just way oversenstitive and thus not believable anymore. If there had been a fast-forward button, I would have smashed it into oblivion.Another part are the non-prodedural generated side-missions:They are flat too. Yes, you can only work inside your set of limited options the coders gave you, but guys, look at AC-Black Flag - there you can see how to create an open world that is not boring. Or Skyrim. Or Fallout. You get the point.All in all, I can say:Playable, but it plays like a rock.6.5/10"
,Not Recommended,243470,10483717,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Xarn,Almost three weeks after release and still unplayable.
76561198059610229,Recommended,243470,10484028,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Neto,"It's a good open world game. Campaign is ok, the mini-games and challenges will certainly get you hooked. Online hacking and stull are also worth a try, these are fun!!! Watch Dogs is not the best in my opinion, but still a great game. Enjoy!!!"
76561197992573485,Recommended,243470,10484110,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,twitch.tv/51Zeph4Sure,"The game itself is pretty good.There are still a lot of bugs.My biggest gripe with the game so far is the random crashes and the online component of the game.By far, Online Decryption is probably the WORST possible game mode ever devised.The problem being is that it appears to match you up arbitrarily by player count, and doesn't seem to take into account latency of any kind. I have often seen players die well after they are out of sight or games being forfeited to the other team while the decryption status clearly reads 100% for an extended period of time.If you have an Nvidia card, the GeForce Experience tool is trash. Even their ""optimum"" settings aren't that great even if you exceed the minimum requirements. I suggest you start with the optimum settings and pretty much drop everything down by 1 notch."
76561197962520916,Recommended,243470,10485011,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Uncle Ben,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing badass. Buy it.
,Recommended,243470,10285426,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Acid,a mix between gta and assassins creed. i like it
,Recommended,243470,10285740,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,=EBS=TheProvokedPrawn,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tgL9MtrtRbM
,Recommended,243470,10281316,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Emily On TV,"The driving mechanics are extremely clunky. I almost quit the game because those are so clunky. I like everything else about the game so far, so I'm hoping to stick it out. Just beware of how touchy the controls are for vehicles, using the Xbox controller or mouse/keyboard."
,Recommended,243470,10285869,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,=(eGO)= Zelda,I am enjoying the game alot. I find it fun to just drive around and hack players. The way they put the pvp in to the game is unlike anything else i've seen. You do not know another player is in your game till you've been hacked. And half the time people are tailing you and you never know it.Sure the game crash's now and then due to my video driver but i'm sure they will fix that. No game has no bugs at launch and this game i feel run's very smothly when it does run. (I normly get about 2 hours before it crash's)
,Recommended,243470,10286075,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Psybit[RT1.5K],CPU: 4670K @ 4.2GHzGPU: GTX780 OC'ed.RAM: 8GBruns like crap.avoid while not patched properly.
,Not Recommended,243470,10286179,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Xylish,"Day 3 of the release here in Australia: Still cannot log into Uplay in order to play the game. Even if I do manage to login the constant frame-rate drop, poor driving controls (like dodge-em cars) and relatively bland side missions makes this game look worse than GTA IV and Saints Row 4.Do not buy this game until Ubisoft addresses a lot of these issues.i7 3770 3.0ghzGTX 67016GB RAMStuttering and framerate drop from 80 to 18."
76561198030133566,Not Recommended,243470,10286221,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Jetterbobby,"Haven't been able to get the game to work for 4 days now, do not buy this game for PC get it for the console."
,Not Recommended,243470,10253876,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,BsA-Arikay,"""Watch_Dogs: Everything is connected""...with duct tape.For now (at launch), I do not reccomend this game, as all it is capable of doing at the moment is crashing or lagging at low settings to the point to which the game is unplayable.Please, for the love of GabeN, fix this broken mess, Ubisoft."
,Recommended,243470,10286431,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Epinephrine,This game is great and alot of fun but it was way too overhyped!
,Not Recommended,243470,10286439,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,AFF,suttering fps every 3seconds..
,Not Recommended,243470,10286498,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,LOCO_PROTO,sooo♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off i actually paid for this game.steam will no longer get any of my money.this has sent me back to console games i can return if needed or games i KNOW are good an not just advertised well for two years.so dissapointed...
76561198005904521,Not Recommended,243470,10286840,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,the_lestat,"Unable to play as Uplay refuses to login.Update 1 - Finally logged in (after 20 Minutes), Now uplay is ♥♥♥♥ing updating FML, not sure I even want to play anymore."
76561197992426242,Recommended,243470,10286978,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Unknown Potato,everthing is good just UPLAY is♥♥♥♥♥
76561198031488771,Not Recommended,243470,10286980,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,rallen4520,"1. UPLAY--Forced into using this crap and half the time its doesnt work (Ok more than half)2. Bought some weapons from the gun shop, and then got invaded online, now my weapons dont show up and I cant buy new ones cause the game thinks I still have them in my inventory...at least i think this is whats going on.3. Biometric Assault rifle was suppose to be part of the ultimate edition---Apparently not my ultimate edition4. Driving is horrid...need i say more?5. Cant jump...minor but this has♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off more than a few times6. I have to keep changing the windowed mode to fullscreen every damn time I load it. Minor inconvenience but COME ON!7. There is no risk in dying...basically I keep everything and just randomly respawn. I lose nothing I stole (Hacked)  Nothing...this makes the game boring really fast.8. Money has no meaning whatsoever"
76561198083960801,Recommended,243470,10287054,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,The1Epistle,"This is a good game, if you like the hacking element and enjoy the freeroam/open world experience. It takes some getting used to, but once you find the rhythm its a lot of fun. The driving is my biggest gripe because the physics are lacking at times; I'm spoiled by GTA V. I have a 3850 Vishera at 4.0 ghz and AMD 7870 at standard clock; I can run the game smoothly with high settings at 1080p (with FXAA anti-aliasing). I downloaded the Catalyst 14.6 beta and didn't gain anything noticeable but it works. This game just released, so like any other game it has its issues but once they put out some patches all the drama will be forgotten. If you are looking for a true next-gen jaw dropper move on, however if you want an interesting open world game that offers a lot of content and fun, pick it up."
76561197971570420,Recommended,243470,10287085,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,spiff,"Yes? I bought it. I BOUGHT IT. But I can't play it unless I crack it.And then I can't continue my save if I'm ever able to log in to uplay.Damn you uplay, damn you."
,Not Recommended,243470,10287093,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,zeroZshadow,"Dont get this game!It is unplayable with keyboard and mouse.Driving is horrible and there is some kind of mouse acceleration enabled that you cannot turn off (yes i tried the ""fix"")Either wait for the price to drop to atlest 30 euros, or for a good few rounds of patching.oh and it comes with Uplay, which seems to have connection issues everytime you try to start the game."
,Recommended,243470,10287110,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,subZero,The game itself is pretty decent but the only thing that messes up with this is Ubisoft's U(don't)Play.
,Not Recommended,243470,10287138,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,OMFGaPOTATO,"I believe the game is great.Too bad I can't tell since Ubisoft still uses DRM.Meanwhile, my friends who pirated it are halfway through the game."
76561198038298580,Not Recommended,243470,10287211,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Thanose,I am having fun with the game but its in such a state at at launch that I would hate to have seen it before its delay!Its fun and the hacking is cool but worth the pre order ???? NO not for this buggy stutter fest I expected more from ubisoft
,Not Recommended,243470,10433096,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Efina,"I would love to like this game. I really wanted to. But I can't get past the first loading screen. Three times it crashed at the end of loading and then it gave me a BSOD. It's not my hardware, either. I run with an i7 with 8 GB of RAM and an AMD Radeon 6970. I wish it worked. I really do. But until it's fixed, it won't run. If they fix it it may go up, but at the moment it's a solid 0/10."
76561197995710286,Recommended,243470,10870994,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Alec,"No, it's been a month and no patch to fix the serious PC issues harming this game. Don't recommend it, go play it on the PS4"
,Recommended,243470,13765198,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Xion.Strife,"Hacking simulation presenting watch dogs. If you like grand theft auto or sleeping dogs then you might like this game. It's a game where you can hack computer network such as traffic light, car, people's smartphone, etc. Graphics was okay, story was pretty interesting but multiplayer was not really okay, sometimes there's multiplayer issues on it."
,Not Recommended,243470,13766552,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Camomanef,The game just doesn't feel like it should. Very repetitive and not much fun. The car damage models aren't that great. They barely get damaged.
,Not Recommended,243470,13763400,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Jake from State Farm #RoldGold,"If you really want to play this game, go buy it for a console.This may be the worst PC port I have ever seen.My GTX 660 gets about 30fps standing still, and when you start moving the FPS drops to about 2. While I can handle Far Cry 4 (a more recent game with less updates) on Ultra, and still push over 30fps.Do not buy unless they fix all of the issues (a lot of them)"
,Recommended,243470,13763828,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,BS jellyfish,"this game is amazingand for anyone questioning whether to get it or not, you should"
,Recommended,243470,13779012,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Newton,"I recommend the game, BUT: You need a super solid machine to play it, and even then, tech gliches are there. Lots of stuttering especialy while driving, even with a GTX970. Story is ok, nothing great. I can't say I really like main caracter, but when you meet T-Bone the game starts to pick-up. My main gripes with the game is lousy car handling and lousy aiming (like mouse acceleration is always present). No replacement for GTA..."
76561197983270290,Recommended,243470,13315657,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Voodoo,great game
,Not Recommended,243470,13321859,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,RaphaelNSA,"Only one thing: Disappointing.Horrible pc port, gameplay same old thing in sandbox games but with something new: the hack.The hack is probable the most useless thing in a game, you don't needed, most missions the best thing to do is not use the hacking.And the graphics are♥♥♥♥♥♥half as good then the E3 trailer.Ubisoft get you♥♥♥♥♥♥together.5/10PS: Sorry for the bad english."
,Not Recommended,243470,10336002,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,MooseCanoe,"This game is so god damn good. Okay, so UPLAY might be a bit ♥♥♥♥♥♥, but thats no reason to not get this game!!!! I get a occasional Driving lag, but that doesnt matter. Because the rest of the game is sooo ♥♥♥♥ing good. deffinetly one of my favorite games of the year. Just, dont use uplay next time ubisoft.EDITdont ♥♥♥♥ing get this game it is absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561197982785249,Recommended,243470,13175683,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Hexxus,"What an outstanding game, really love how dynamic the game and environment is. They really put a lot into the games capabilities... I have had it crash 1 time so far. Other than that I like it a lot!Totally worth it!"
,Recommended,243470,13175973,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,ianrapids7,"Very fun the first time through, it feels like Assassins creed and GTA had a baby. I love the technology side to everything and the online portion was very fun while the game was popular. After beating the game I quickly lost interest, the only reason I would mark down this game. The graphics are great as long as you have a pretty powerful rig.TL/DRIf you computer can handle it the graphics are amazing.Story is good...once throughFunNewDifferentOverall : 8.5 out of 10"
,Not Recommended,243470,13230475,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Daimos_,"First of all, I thought my overclocked GTX 780 wasn't that ancient yet. Imagine my suprise when I couldn't find a single setting that let me play the game without serious stutter. It is literally unplayable. I tried everyhing, from command line options to configuration XML and borderless window, nothing really helped. Well, there was slideshow mode and less stutter. Curiously enough only when the camera was moved, otherwise it was buttery smooth. But standing in one point and watching is not really a game.That Ubisofts titles now officially all play the same is weird also. There is Assassins Creeds free-running, Far Crys tower capture, Splinter Cells markers on enemies and dozens of other things. Is that bad? I'm not sure. But it really doesn't help the titles get their own personality."
76561198002058160,Recommended,243470,13186925,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Deathstalker,"Great game to run around and and cause chaos, The world is oddly both alive and dead. I personally enjoyed it greatly and the stealth playthrough is a lot of fun and challenging."
76561198070981730,Not Recommended,243470,13190102,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Kristen,"The game crashes at launch. Don't get it, its a waste of $"
76561198063281813,Recommended,243470,13190905,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,InsanityWolf,"Watch_Dogs is a fun, open world game that has solid shooter mechanics while giving you a lot of power through the hacker abilities they grant you.The game plays just like many recent modern-day open world games like GTA, but they give you the added ability to hack systems, cameras, traffic devices to give you a clear edge in the battles that you face. The story was pretty average, and it felt like it took a lot longer to complete than it should have. But the action / hacker setting that they place you in makes up for it, and the hint of more cities falling under the similar hackable system means that sequels should be exciting to play.For the first game in a new action / hacker focused franchise, Watch_Dogs was good. Based on this framework, future games have the potential to be great!"
,Not Recommended,243470,13193577,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Calcium,"Ubisoft game is a game about shooting things, climbing things and collecting things. It is $60."
76561197995128738,Not Recommended,243470,13456231,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Shake Zula,"The most Ubisoft game ever.  Pointless side-quests, climbing towers to clear up maps, useless, exploitative boobage, and a protagonist who you start off not liking and hate by the end of the game."
76561198086217134,Not Recommended,243470,13459045,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,ED,"Worst game ever!Gameplay might be good...might be if I could get on the game a run it properly to play it.(Can run Arma 3 Maxed and with very good draw distance at 40 FPS also BF4 maxed at 80-100 FPS)But cant run this above 20 FPS for longet than about 2 seconds every 30 seconds.Game seemed really promising and should have lived up to the hype but it was pumped out too early and even downgraded for launch.7 Months after release and the game has still not been fixed and is still in a horrible state.Rest assured I 100% reccomend that you do NOT waste your money on this game.It may seem worth it, but it is really not."
,Recommended,243470,13479681,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,♔ĴâċķŚƥâŕŕâ ☑ pro,"Great concept, great looking visual graphics but bad performance when driving..This is still not fixed to date. Recommend a med/top end PC to play for full graphical effects, otherwise enjoy!"
76561198039720674,Recommended,243470,13445530,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Cost,"I understand people are angry about the over-hype. But having gone into the game without any expectations, I can honestly say it was pretty fun. I enjoyed the quests, loved the 5 alarm driving, and the shooting felt responsive. All and all a pretty solid experience."
,Recommended,243470,13792759,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Ceridium,"Overall, I'd say an 8 outta 10. It has great gameplay, though the driving mechanic takes getting used to. The combat is good, and the story is better than average for a shooter. It does occaisonally lag, sometimes to the point of crashing later on in the game. I would recommend it to others though, so if you're in the mood for spending like $40, go ahead."
,Not Recommended,243470,10658914,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Guntank,"Badly optimized for PC, has tons of Bugs, drops Frames, terrible mouse acceleration and Uplay can go straight to hell. Avoid this game untill a future patch fixes all the problems."
76561197972057503,Recommended,243470,10659791,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Hastreal,If you like GTA then you'll like this.
,Not Recommended,243470,10660102,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Bennybarstol,nahh. physics and ragdoll kinda sucks
76561198107603496,Recommended,243470,10661467,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Avihuse,Good Game !
,Recommended,243470,10662144,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Effekt3r,Amazing Game! definitely worth the wait!!
,Recommended,243470,10256381,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Prosch,"I have Jordi Chin, 10/10!"
76561198067072969,Recommended,243470,10256382,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Chris,Runs great for me in borderless window.AMD FX 8350 and Saphire R9 270 X dual OC.Loving the game too!
,Recommended,243470,10256497,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,MarkusAT,Truly a next-gen game with many new twists in gameplay and connectivity between players!
,Recommended,243470,10256542,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Salty Marx,Tried loading it up but Uplay servers are down. 10/10 hacking experience.
,Recommended,243470,10256558,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,vetos,spider tank
,Recommended,243470,10256561,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Kasciorian,"So far very very very good game, I have been waiting for this game for a long time - So far I currently have 22 hours on it and I have enjoyed every one."
,Not Recommended,243470,10256563,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,->FFF<- Tyr,"Ok so people are slating this because it doesn't run on their systems, unfortunately that happens when a, you use AMD (should be use to it by now surely) and b, the game has just been released, can't expect it to work on every possible system combination straight out the bag.I'm lucky, it plays seemlessly and does not lag, freeze, crash or any such system related issue.My problem for once is uPlay, normally I don't have any trouble and love some of the features uPlay offers. I spend half hour trying to login only to realise I didn't switch my sound back to 2.1 so I have to quit and try logging in all over again. All in all it took me nearly an hour to get ingame.Now the game itself is so so, graphics get the thumbs up (not running on ultra yet...) but the game itself, typical open world boredom after a while, will they never learn that bigger is not better, bigger is more boring. Give me more things to do and maybe just maybe I may play for more than a few days.Online system sucks, can't seem to find an oppenent in 80% of attempts so far,and when it does, it appears that I'm not the only one slightly confused at what to actually do.So do I reccommend this game currently, no, is it worth the hype and the current price, certainly not. Give it a few months to find itself in a sale of some kind, let others moan and groan till the issues are sorted and then maybe it'll be worth £30.Developers please give us a half decent game soon that is not just repetitive garbish. And give up on Origin, give up on uPlay, work with steam and bring the good points you have to steam!!!"
,Recommended,243470,10256578,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Don't hack kids.,Much better than anticipated.
,Recommended,243470,10256622,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,TheRipper408,Six hours ago I tried to log in for the first time. Still no chance.HAIL UPLAY!
76561198058057425,Recommended,243470,16392675,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,tacokillerz,Loved it! Especially the mech spider
,Recommended,243470,10652298,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Battle Button,Got asked to pull over by copDidGot shot to death11/10But seriously this game is worth the money $$$
,Recommended,243470,16410609,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Sinatra,"You should play Watch_Dogs for what is coming, not what it is.Watch_Dogs is an incredibly hard game for me to review. In a lot of ways, I couldn't help but draw paralells between it and the first Assassins Creed. It is the foundation for what will one day be a great series.Everything about this game is just... ok! It runs ok, looks ok (I didn't get swept up in the controversy over this) and plays ok. It just doesn't take ANY RISKS and that makes it quite a forgetful, unrefined, experience. A second title will build on this game, build on the world, the gameplay and the charcaters to truly create something special, just as Ubisoft did with AC1.It was far from a bad experience, but far from a great one. It just fell kind of flat..I would still recommend this game because it is fun, but I feel the next 10 years of this franchise will be where we truly see it for what it is."
,Recommended,243470,16336870,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,John Rambo,"Don't be fooled, this game didn't deliver everything it promised. But it is still a good game."
76561198134591865,Recommended,243470,16332437,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Stock Villain,some minor bugs but over  all a very good game!
,Recommended,243470,10481154,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,GodlyPoop,"Loved this game. The story mode is ♥♥♥♥ing badass and so are the graphics, Only complaint i have is the online play feels a little off only online mode i liked was the hacking which was basicly hide and seek atleast until the other guy does something annoying and hides out on the water or under a bridge...., When gta 5 comes out id spend my money on that rather than this. But atleast rent the game for its story mode. My opinion is based around my love for computers but game did felt lacking in cars or customizationAnd to steam if you read this I DONT LIKE HAVING TO USE UPLAY TO PLAY THE GAME YOU ♥♥♥♥ING BASTERDS. INCLUDE THAT INFORMATION NEXT TIME PLEASE. i only like having to use just steam to play a game, not 2 ♥♥♥♥ing programs to play. 4 out of 5 cause of uplay."
,Not Recommended,243470,16223186,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,ThomasK,To laggy wasted 30 euros on this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game!
76561198078317738,Recommended,243470,16179560,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,-L-A-W-,not bad i enjoyed it
,Recommended,243470,16465157,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Coldy | 33 ❤,"Watch Dogs, why i love it. ""NO SPOILERS""1. You can in poker games, won 30k easy :)2. The campaign has a nice storyline3. The graphics is not as good as E3 but you can install, ""The Worse Mod"" and you get it like e3 :)4. Online is as fun as ever, i drove a fire truck while tailing my opponent and he thought i was AI :) you have, free roam, 1v1 hacking, 1v1 tailing and much more!5. you can get the watch dogs app for free and you can play with other PC users from your phone. <36. The driving <3 the handling, drifting and engine sound is awesome!"
,Recommended,243470,16473127,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Zelroy,"Once you recover mentally from the laughably overpowered hacking gimmick, you will find an enjoyable sandbox game with its own unique style and atmosphere. Don't expect another GTA game though, since this one tends to rely more on stealth rather than action. Working in the shadows suits a hacker better, anyway, as does being a faceless nobody rather than a memorable action hero. A hacker's lifestyle rewards opening locked doors or intruding secured systems just because they are there. A succesful hack is its own reward, but there's money to be taken, equipment to be collected and skills to learn if that kind of thing floats your boat. And it should - haters gonna hate but Watch_Dogs is actually quite an immersive experience."
76561198102760856,Not Recommended,243470,10342076,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,the real viva la canada,dont bother
76561198007920815,Recommended,243470,14868105,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Wild Hunt,"gj ubisoft,great game :)"
,Not Recommended,243470,14891867,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,GINGANINJA323,"This game annoys me.It features a flimsy story based on a 15 second cutscene,Runs 60FPS solid on high but lags spikes like a ♥♥♥♥♥ on ultra despite beating all system requirements,Driving thats painfully badly made,Faces made of funny-putty,But, there are some prosKinda cool hacking-puzzle-ish system,Lots of things to do,Large map,err...That's it.CONLUSION:I think this game is playable if you can see through the awful performance and other blatant issues. The story is promising though it lacks common sense sometimes. Just don't run on ultra unless you want to use your PC as an oven."
76561198143299412,Recommended,243470,15034249,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,TheMachoNacho,"There was a lot of hype for Watch_Dogs leading up to its release back in May.  I only recently got this game, and honestly wasn't sure whether it would be good or a disappointment.I'm going to take the middle ground.It doesn't live up to the hype from pre-release by a long shot.However, it also deserves much better than mixed reviews.  People have been much too critical.I like this game a lot.  I obviously haven't played much, only 9 hours at the time of this review.  I'm trying to keep it new, take it slow and not beat the story too fast.  I want it to keep its luster.I will update this review as I get more playtime, but long story short, get this game.Maybe wait for a half-off sale. ;)"
,Not Recommended,243470,15028388,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,BulletHardTank,check out my review for this game!!!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BzpTT-5Avqc
,Recommended,243470,14928303,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,ROOB,"Repetitive, but fun none the less"
,Not Recommended,243470,14928483,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,RedDragonV09,"Game display correctly on my triple monitor setup. I had to reduce to one monitor, which is fine, no problem, I do this for older games, and it still didnt display right. For a newer game, this is unacceptable. I have no problems playing any other recently released games. There is no reason for this to be the only game that does not work correctly on my PC being a game that isnt even a year old.Also, gameplay is very unwieldy. After a bit of tweaking the mouse settings, it is still unacceptable. The motion seems clunky and does not seem very fluid. Just walking around was difficult. Also driving vehicles was the final straw from me. I am quite disappointed in this game. I had it on my wish list for a while. It finally went on sale and I was so excited to finally play it."
,Recommended,243470,14928827,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Dr. G. Dnario .sR,Paying 35$ and I feel like I have a limited version of GTA
,Recommended,243470,12010692,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Supernatural1955,very nice!
,Not Recommended,243470,14933357,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Kongwars,Major performance problems
,Recommended,243470,14924693,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,OysterSmiling,"Honestly, it's great.  Maybe the people who didn't like it were overhyping it too much, but picking it up on sale was a great buy."
76561197975584561,Recommended,243470,14925882,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Yaniv,"I tried unlocking new skills by invading other people's single player, tracking them while remaining undetected and hacking them (a very nice version of hide and sick). then came back to play my own single player but people kept frequently invading my game and trying to hack me. when a NPC raised a bounty on me I started becoming paranoid and occasionly hide in an alley and use the cameras all around to profile every man who enter the block.I never saw the single player-game invasion mechanism before but I think its great, and it fits the mood of the game perfectly. the game theme is survilliance and conspiracy so making me paranoid that every NPC is actually a human tracking me works great.8.5/10"
76561198111360126,Recommended,243470,14927384,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,DankTeriyaki,honestly dont see why people hate this game so much. the graphics are fine (they were definitley downgraded but why do you care SO much about the graphics). the story is great although aiden is dull. i see a lot of people complaining about the driving and i wouldnt know because i use a xbox 1 controller. but this game is really good and highly recommend you get it.
,Recommended,243470,14949079,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Check Engine,Very interesting game. You should play it. Just don't forget to update ur video card.
,Not Recommended,243470,15081850,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,seminole4326,"Great concept for a game...However, it was poor execution in releasing a game that wasn't completely finished and failed patches that only made the video issues worse. Don't waste your money. Game is practically unplayable with the stutters and how it slows down more and more the longer you play. I was excited about this game and it played decently for a while but like I've said its beyond help right now. I'd love a refund if that were even possible..."
,Recommended,243470,15077034,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,S.Wako,"ภาพสวย เกมเพลย์ดี แหวกแนวใช้ได้ แต่เนื้อเรื่องดูเคร่งเครียดไม่น่าติดตามเท่าไหร่ ที่สำคัญมันทำการ์ดจอผมเกือบไหม้มาแล้ว..55555Nice graphics, good gameplay but the story is too boring and my VGA card was almost on fired with this game..lol8.5/10"
,Not Recommended,243470,15092801,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Headcrab,"Too many glitches. Very Very bad driving physics.Aiden cannot even JUMP, yes yes he can climb ledges but he gets glitched stuck almost every time then you climb out of water.Story is very weak , you just dont really care about what is happening or if someone will die.During Solo missions you get very annoyed by online contracts sometime they interfere with main story mission and you unable to start them until to do a freaking contractPolice can have only one copter at any given time and they dont have any boats. ( easiest way to escape cops , just drive around in a boat )This game would be awesome at the time of Xbox or Ps2 ? then GTA3 vice city come out, but in 2014 it is just pathetici give this game 2 out of 10waste on money and time"
,Recommended,243470,10331704,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,[2O2S]Rabbidrabit5,"Old NEGATIVE Review BelowThe game has improved massively since launch (please see old review for launch issues). The game seemed like it had a intresting story and good gamplay but, was ruined by the games constant crashing and stutter. These issues have MOSTLY been fixed there are still issues when running the game at max settings but lowering it too high seemed to stay at 60+ most of the game. I played the entire story and thoughly enjoyed myself. I also enjoyed the multiplayer component. It has intresting game modes and seems well put together aside from the one hacker (huehue) I ran into.Short Review:Intresting StoryOK game playGood Multiplayer (nets been fixed, easy to find games most days)OK graphicsDriving is OKGunplay is okAI is okoverall: A very OK game (i'd buy it again at $20-$25 USD) also its still a good scumbag sim!OLD REVIEW PLEASE CHECK NEW ONE ABOVE:Memory leak crashed my system (blue screened it)SPECS: 32 Gigs Ram, 780 GTX EVGA, I7 4930K, 1 1TB 7200RPM HDD (its installed on), 1 2TB 7200RPM HDDThe Review:Intresting StoryOK game playGood Multiplayer (Very hard to find games)OK graphicsCrashes OftenDriving is awfulGunplay is okAI is badPoints of Intrest:I could only run the game at low-medium to keep 60 FPS (with tweaking)Bugs/Glitchs CommonOVERALL IMPRESSION:Not worth full price, Broken at time of review, Could be good if patched/price lowerd-IF YOUR REALLY WANTING A SIMULATION OF BEING A SCUMBAG THIS IS YOUR GAME!"
76561198148283013,Not Recommended,243470,14783309,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,tiger848,The grafigs need to be beter and if you have gta or sants row do not by this game and it is over priced
76561198064213369,Recommended,243470,14755156,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Russsus,"Oh, Ubisoft what did you do. Im going to put this out at the start I enjoy this game. I find the gameplay to be fun. The side missions are repetitive. After the main story all you can really do is multiplayer and just screw around in the open world. I prefer the second. The game starts out really strong, you figure out Aiden's motives for what the entire game will be and im gonna spoil the first missions location, its a baseball stadium and you cut the power to the whole place which was really cool to play. The first partner you run in to is Jordi who's personality and dialogue is quite humorous and with Aiden under the acting light of Jordi's shine you dont really figure out that Aiden is incapable of showing emotion until you are in Act 2. Aiden is very linear and his motives are ""I will do anything to get back at whoever did this"" it makes most of the story very predictable. That being said I will admit the story is still fun and good in my opinion. There are some really fun missions and cool moments of bada$$ery that I played the game a second time to re-live the experience.Don't bash this game solely on the fact that Aiden is boring. Or that some features were left behind. For what it is, I believe it to be fun and it's something NEW. This game brings a whole new feast to the table. And I ate that s*** up. No other game has an atmosphere like this one. No other game has gameplay like this one. And the graphics are great on my gtx 970 ;) This game gets a B-.. could have been better, could have definitely been worse."
76561198052056947,Not Recommended,243470,13115662,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,bismarck2511,"Serious disappointed in this game, gets boring repetitive very fast, its all about the graphics and failed in game-play.you can do so much but can't because you need to be good.Over hyped when it came out the trailers it looked awesome but in fact you can't just do what you want story line in my opinion pretty boring but thats just taste.Didn't even finish the game.Played for 27h then stopped.Its cool people can come in your world and vice versa but most just log out when they lose making you lose points and the will to keep trying"
76561197963242420,Recommended,243470,15005643,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Phaserman,"This game is not worth full price, but if you get it on sale you'll be more than satisfied. It's obviously a GTA clone, but they do their own spin on it and it's fun. The hacking is really rediculous, but it works well from a gameplay point of view. The world is very immersive and the graphics are great. The choices of cars are a little lacking though, and there's really not that many types of missions. That said, I keep wanting to play more of the ""same"" mission in different locations, so that's a good sign."
76561198041352302,Recommended,243470,14263275,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,z3f00,"Great game, controls once familiar with are good. The machanics and storyline are well thought out. However without dlc the main quest line is quite short and the side quests are repetative. In saying that I'm still glad I paid for this game. Worth."
,Recommended,243470,14553656,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,itsACoppa,"I probably wouldnt reccomend the PC version but i warmed up to the game as i progressed through it, I didnt really like any of the characters at first ESPECIALLY Aiden the main character but as the game went on everything actually came together really nicely, it has kind of a weak start but does get really good past the early stages"
,Recommended,243470,14553943,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,ytg2002,Great game play awsome story BEST WITH A FREIND ON MULITPLAYER!!!!!
,Not Recommended,243470,14355287,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,SneakyRanger,"Interesting concept, though the story isn't that exciting. Difficult to relate with or feel empathy with the characters - they are fairly dull or just not very likeable.Online play can be forced onto you, which can be obnoxious when you are trying to play the game.I'd pass on this game, unless it's on sale for really cheap and you happen to be very bored and need another game to sit in your library."
,Recommended,243470,14331432,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Jso7474,People will tell you this game doesnt work on pc or bad graphics or LAAAAGGGG or didnt live up to hype. Me i never saw the hype i just hear friends talk about it. Got the game and omg the best.(First ubisoft game i have) Trust me get this game it is hours of fun and hacking!!!
,Recommended,243470,14163657,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Slaave,Good game but no replay value that i can see.
76561198066535263,Not Recommended,243470,14191352,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Kimochi,"Worst optimization, ubishit at its best again"
,Not Recommended,243470,14102637,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Rysquidz,i want my money back
76561197970496490,Recommended,243470,16785283,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Villnius,"Overall, I'd say it's a good game but it's a reluctant thumbs up.  If you like GTA type games, you'll probably like Watch_Dogs.  It's like GTA meets Person of Interest.It does have some annoyances though.   The load times when you initially fire up the game is pretty long coming in at 3-5 minutes.   Add to that, the maps and assets are streamed into the game as you move through the city.   During normal free roam, it's no big deal.  However, when you're on a mission, whether it's a main quest or side quest, this pops up a lot.   In the middle of a car chase, the game will freeze up several times, during which the streaming load symbol pops up.   This freeze/load takes about 30 seconds, which isn't a long time, but it shouldn't happen in an action sequence -- especially one that expects you to cross one of those imaginary borders mutliple times.   It throws off your aim, and your reactions during car chases.   Enough that your quarry gets away, or you spin out of control and slam into a tree or worse, you mow down a bus shelter full of people (which affects your reputation score).Then there's the matter of the camera.  For some sadistic reason, the designers thought it would be stylistically cool to yank camera control away from you during those same action sequences.  Maybe they figured it would give it a cinematic feel, but the randomness of the camera at times just makes the game awkward at inconvenient times.I'm not going to harp on the textures and frame rate cap because they're really not that big a deal -- certainly not as big a deal as some have made it out to be.  The game's graphics are fine.   It may not be as detailed or gritty as the E3 pre-release videos, but certainly on par with competing AAA titles and not bad by PC standards either.The in-game economy is kind of messed up though.   Money is easy to get by hacking people's cell phones and stealing from their bank accounts.   Trouble is, there aren't enough things in the game to actually buy with it."
76561198062188927,Recommended,243470,17086438,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,XiPhi,"Journey to the world of Chicago. You can hack almost everything. Very good game. Sometimes, combat mode is quite hard to control."
,Recommended,243470,14902504,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,butman,"Yeah, its pretty fun!Uplay isnt as buggy now, but it can randomly lag  out if i play it too long."
,Recommended,243470,17098945,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Hunty,great storyline and good just in the general area of gameplay.
,Not Recommended,243470,16994714,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,h,Not much to do. It's that simple.
,Recommended,243470,16994800,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,PteppicXXVIII,"Varied missions, fun combat, unique tools."
76561198058014558,Not Recommended,243470,17081774,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Zappron,"Pre-purchased the game as soon as it was available. Been hyped ever since it was announced, followed any news source for it. Then, the day it aired, the disappoinment came creeping along. My PC fulfilled the minimum requirements and ran the game at maybe 15 fps, lagging, getting stuck and audio being up to a minute off-sync. I tried every kind of fix, patch or performance improvement there was. As I spent tons of money on it, I made my painful way through the story, doing no side missions at all.Then, the day before I wrote this review, I bought a new high performance PC and now I can play it on maxed out graphics with steady 60 fps.It still kinda blows. Repetitive gameplay with lots of unnecessary additions to it. Mediocre choice of guns and vehicles.Just, don't buy it, okay."
,Not Recommended,243470,11553030,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Tookan,"A bit disappointing... Not THAT bad, but I expected it to be one of my favourites... But I did play it for looong time... ;)"
,Recommended,243470,17195373,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,R-0,"A whole lot like GTA with Hacking, has some awesome gun mechanics and story  also."
76561197976796645,Not Recommended,243470,17197176,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,w1ntermute,"Don't you just ♥♥♥♥ing HATE crappy game design?! More than a year on, and this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥still dosen't  run :-(((((((((((((("
,Not Recommended,243470,10252516,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Pedro Di' Mancini,"Watch_Dogs is a game that had a crazy amount of anticipation built up towards its release and for a good reason. It looked like it could be really promising, so promising that I even pre-ordered it on Steam. Unfortunatly, its far from that. The game is not what I thought it would be at all. This could be just me, but I've heard many others say the same.Firstly, some good points about the game:+ The story seems interguing. I haven't finished it yet, but the way it slowly tries to develop the primary protagonist is good. It's quite long as well, and remined me a lot of the Assassins Creed series.+ Speaking of Assassins Creed (which is made by Ubisoft as is this game), Watch_Dog's gameplay mechanics are realtivly good and the controls are easy to understand and comfortable.Negatives:- Although the controls are good, the actual movement and interaction with the world is poor. The hacking element is a good idea which is the main basis of the game, but I feel like it was executed poorly. All you can really do with it is hack into people's phones (which is useless unless your on a mission which requires it) and solve these puzzle problems. It kind off feels like they didn't use the hacking abilities of the main character to its full potential which seems like a big waste seeing as its such a good idea.- In an open world game like this, you would think that one of its most important ascpects would be free-roaming. Just look at GTA, or even Assasisns Creed. Unfortunatly, this isn't the case with Watch_Dogs. There's pretty much nothing you can do out of missions in this game apart from hacking into random peoples phones to see what the're talking about. It irritating, because a game with such a good concept like this should be amazing in terms of gameplay, but its not, which furthur more leads me to believe that the developers simply couldn't be bothered to put 100% effort into this game.- And finally, the graphics... I shall say no more.Watch Dogs is a game that showed people what it could be during the build up to its release, and then magiclly neglected all these things leaving us with a almost half baked, graphical mess of a game.It did teach me one lesson though - never pre-order a game on PC (:"
,Recommended,243470,17227432,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Roxas,great game overall was hyped for it but some there were some glitches that made it a bit hard to play but generally a good game if you're into that kind of thing i guess
76561198027720272,Recommended,243470,16781921,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Choirboy,"Not at all as bad as some peolpe belive or wants it to be. When I play through a game, then its a good game. I would give it a 8/10."
76561198094717193,Recommended,243470,17043415,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,secondri,"Yeah.I've played through the entire story twice, and the DLC missions, so I've got some experience with this game.This isn't a bad game, far from it. It has its problems, but I'm too lazy to make a long, descriptive review.The free roaming is fun, and has a lot of detail put into it.The story is actually good length, and really fun.A few things though, Aiden Pearce (that moron you play as) as a character is quite bland, and they tried to make him the ""Oh I show no emotion my life is wreck lol you all suck"" character.And one last note, if you're going to buy this game, do it on a console. The PC port consists of Memory leaks. Play the game for more than 3 hours straight and you'll start getting pretty bad performance issues.All in all, good game. Even though you shouldn't compare it to other games, its not as good as other open world games like Grand Theft Auto 5. While it didn't live up to its hype its still a good game, and just barley worth the money."
76561198160333305,Recommended,243470,17056049,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Ray,it says i need cd code ??i dont have cd i just dawnloded
76561198077679570,Not Recommended,243470,11992600,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,KantaSlaus,"Multiplayer doesn't work and this♥♥♥♥♥♥deleted my save , can't play the ♥♥♥♥ing game , paid R$149,99 and found it for R$3,80 today."
76561198081421542,Not Recommended,243470,17021917,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,nightwingdove,"bad,cant run on pc the end."
,Not Recommended,243470,17026122,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,damjancd,"Godawful controls. Walking and moving by foot is terrible, shooting is even worse, but the worst offender is driving, which is supposed to be an important aspect of the game. As if the camera wants you to get you confused about where you are and how you are driving the vehicle. When walking, if you come up to a special magical obstacle like a road metal barrier, you won't be able to climb over. You are 3 times taller, but still, the obstacle defeats your abilities. Sadly you can't hack it or make up other magical abilities to delete it, so I deleted the game."
,Recommended,243470,17500220,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Your Dad Tibbers,"Wonderful storyline! I felt the open-end aspect of the game is fun, being able to interact with almost all the objects in the game and the main campaign has a great story!"
,Recommended,243470,17350499,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,TheCowPushGuy,"Okay,Let's start you saw the Trailers and all of it show you some amazing police chasing and other stuff to do and some decent graphic.So .... is it all true ? Do you can get this all ?Well yes for police chasing , but it depends ,which way you are driving , because some of them have some traps for the police and a lot of explosion.What about the Graphic ? Well the graphic is not the best.... Yeah i know , now everyone is going to sigh badly and being dissapointed , but ! there is a decent mod for it , which give you a really really nice graphic mod.Check youtube for it.It's amazing !Also , if you go high settings or so.It feels like the Pc is starting to melt away.What about the Story ?I enjoyed the story .It's interesting for me , but in some points im missing some depth in it.I dont really feel bounded with this story.I don't know really why.Also the character you play (Aiden Pearce) feels flat like a robot or something like that.Also even , if its really interesting.I wish there could be more of it.The reason for all of this or well the base of the story is new.Not like i want to rule the world♥♥♥♥♥♥or something like that or well not all of those bosses you fighting against,but i also really enjoyed your friend your bounty hunter.He gave me some really hiliarous smile moments or laughings.So after i finish the story ? What i can do after this ? That's probably , what you are asking yourself right now maybe ? Well this game offers you some funny stuff or well stuff , that could be amazing , but sadly its lacking communication.Yeah ! I will explain you it later in the multiplayer part.Anyways ... ! You can do some digital trips for example flying from flower to flower or being a spider tank ( which are really fun both of them , but the Spider tank feels so weak even with upgrades , but well you are a really mobile one tank you can climb ,jump, shooting rockets ,trampling over enemies and wreck everything!(except buildings ...)Also you can train your stealth ability in ""Alone"",because this is a mode in this game ,where you are alone on a map , which is controlled by robots.It can be fun sometimes , but not always.But there are also some more stuff like driving a car and collecting souls ! Hell yeah !So yeah you can do digital trips , but you can also hack everybody and collecting tons of money or listening to some funny conversations or intrude some homes and see some weird stuff aswell or discovering some stuff,playing on a slot machine or doing drinking games , which are fun.Also you can run around and see some robberies from npc and trying to catch the robber or the thief or the killer npc and become a good person, which affects a bit the gameplay,because ,if you are a bad person.Ppls will call more often the police once they see you(same for the police) and you will be seen in the media (same repetive movie and talking.Sadly!)And if you are a good guy.They wont call that much the police.Also you can see how they play guitar or begging for money or taking photos from accidents and so on ... like in real life.So yeah there is more stuff to do.Also you can rob a shop or killing civilians or getting chased by the police and bunker in a shop or somewhere on a street , because that cover system is cool , but you need to show your face always , which give the enemy the opportunity to shoot your face and doing heavy damage to you and your healthpool isnt that big at all.But you can also play with your friends like doing races with them or hacking other players or hunting them.Also you can roaming with them and make a whole town into a mess or you can decrypt some files and protect the one , while other players try to kill your team to get the file.So you can do a lot of stuff , but there is also the question :""What i can do except hacking ppls or what i can do?""Well you can slow down the time , which gives you some epic headshots moments or enjoying some explosions on slowmotions or doing some stunts or enjoy how your character hit stuff , while falling out of a car or so.Also you got a lot of weapons like Snipers!(hell yeah),Rifles,Grenade launcher,Pistoles and a lot of shotguns and machine guns.Some of them are with a silencer some are not.Also you can trigger a blackout , blocking the communications between your enemies.playing with your IED , which you can trigger or trigger by movements,throwing grenades,Luring enemies away from you,take them down by pressing F ( No melee combat),Scanning your enviroment for enemies and other stuff.It's really cool and makes a lot of fun to play this game in my opinion.I know ppls blame it , but i bought it ,when it was for sale and also it got Uplay (i don't get what is so bad on it.All i hear it sucks , but i dont hear any real statement why).It's a lot of fun to hack stuff and driving around and using your focus for some sick moments or kills.What me bother sometimes is the lacking of healthpool , but well .... we living in 2015.So there are some oppertunities to fix this.Also what i really miss is the communications in the multiplayer mode.YOU CANT TALK OR CHAT WITH THE OTHER PLAYERS.Also some of them are just shooting you around with grenade launcher or hitting you with a car over and over.So that's where the community is sometimes a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥It could be so cool.To build a road blockade and killing ppls or doing a shop robbery together like in GTA just smaller.Also the Hacking gives you so much opportunities.You CAN decide how you wanna finish the mission, but well sometimes.Also i recommend to buy the DLC bad Blood .It's cool and fun and give you some more content for multiplayer.So go for season pass aswell , if you wanna buy this game."
76561198071826190,Not Recommended,243470,10258853,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,azi uxe #STUDENTDRIVER,this game was a 6/10 when it did work. now that it doesnt -6/10
76561198040949013,Not Recommended,243470,12202480,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,♈ Xephirus ♈™,"Watch Dogs would have to be the GTA new generation focused on hacking. Unfortunately are many flaws on both the gameplay (especially the driving system) and on the game engine. Physics is too embarrassing and often encountered bugs. Ubisoft said that the graphics would have been awesome, but it is at the same level of many games come out before: the reason is that the PC version looks the same as consoles since developers have cleared some important settings that can be unlocked only by the mods. In addition, the story is very short and a bit boring. A real shame because the game could be great.My vote is 5/10"
,Not Recommended,243470,12203503,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Cyrille,"Watch_Dogs was very promising, and is quite disapointing for many reasons, even if hacking the city is really fun. The story is not at the level of the subject. And many big technical issues : only playable on medium graphic settings even with a good configurations due to bad development. And even if it's fixed now, I was concerned by the loading stucked issue that last 1 month before a patch from Ubisoft."
,Recommended,243470,12210514,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,[BiH]SomethingUnreal,"Watch_Dogs is actually a good game. Aside from Ubisofts horrible DRM and reputation, the developers have done a great job. The game has a great story line, good game play, smart AI and well done world and level design. There are many things to do on the side where the game easily gives you hours upon hours of game play.  I love the story, Aiden as a character as well as his personality - though many say ""You don't connect with the character"" IGN; that is kind of the point. Any hacker out there will act in a similar way. Hackers out in the world are usually on their own unless part of a big group ie DeadSec / Anonymous or whatever. Anyway I also love the numerous way you can approach a mission. The game truly has endless possibilities. I like the little puzzles Ubisoft put in but they show up non frequently so their not annoying. I do have to say though the could of done better work on the engine. Driving for instance is cartoony and though kind of fun to smash things out of the way, it lacks the ability not to fight from your car except to use hacks such as traffic lights and street pipes to blow up or crash your enemies. All and all, I give it a 8 our of 10. I do recommend the game guarantee hours of fun game time."
,Not Recommended,243470,12210545,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Roy Mustang,"I thought it was a pretty good story for the most part... but dang the physics just does not make up for it. Driving is near impossible, and the fps drops get really annoying."
,Recommended,243470,12310638,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Ѳэ САД  Фантом,b8/8 m8 like Skyrim with hacking and ac references
76561197972532005,Recommended,243470,12256902,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Pedram Payne,"The game is fun if you stick to the main storyline. Wonder off into the side quests for too long and you will find that they are boring, repetative, and not rewarding. The graphics on their own do look good but are not truely next gen as was shown in e3 2012-13. Strongly suggest that you purchase this game, download, extract, and copy the worse mod(from guru3d and other websites), and then play the game after applying the mod. The graphics almost resemble what was promised to us at e3 with improved performance to boot."
,Not Recommended,243470,12221896,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,[Zoldyck] SILENTCD,good story would buy only if on cheap sale reason of this is because the game runs very badly on any system.
76561197985434307,Recommended,243470,10277275,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Remder,"This game has only one negative, physics of the cars (collisions and handling). Everything else is nearly perfect"
76561198065624256,Recommended,243470,12263753,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,King Gamebreaker,5/5
,Recommended,243470,12265507,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,benji7425,"Ok, so this game does fall short of the hype, but then, how many games live up to the hype they receive before release? Not all that many..Ultimately, it is a good game, and I have enjoyed watching a playthrough as well as playing it for myself, even though it maybe wasn't as good as it was hyped to be before release.Yes, the driving isn't the best, and the fact that you can cause havoc by running people over etc and not be chased by the police isnt realisic, but all in all it isnt THAT big of a deal. Still a good game.The graphics issues have been fixed by the time of writing this review, so that isnt anything you need to worry about anymore. Also, someone recently found a file in watch_dogs that allows you to enable the graphics that were used in the pre-launch previews, at not much of a framerate sacrifice. As long as your computer is decent, you shouldnt worry about performance or graphics.Uplay is always bad, whatever game you play. The Watch_Dogs issues with UPlay seem to have been fixed also - haven't had much trouble booting Watch_Dogs from steam, with UPlay only refusing to load it when my internet was freaking out.Haven't progessed with the plot that far yet, it has been decent from what I have played. Also, crimes can be fun at times, but can also be boring, but gang hideouts are quite fun! Also, there are a lot of awesome digital trips. I especially like the spider tank one.Online hacking hasn't been glitchy for me, and is enjoyable every now and again, but Watch_Dogs is definitely not to be played as a multiplayer game.Conclusion. Driving is bad, and there are some non-realistic things, but it is still a good game with a lot of enjoyable content, and I reccomend it, especially since all the graphics issues seem to have been sorted now."
,Recommended,243470,12265558,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Bjarno,"It's not really the most awesome game ever, but at least it got some really good content, a decent story line (a bit too short, but being Skyrim my previously plad game, I think I know why). It's a bit sad that it's not really a dynamic game, no choices, no hard decisions, the story is too linear. There are however a lot of side missions (with most of them a separete story, but most are just voice overs or pre-recorded messages).The DLC Bad Blood is really cool and focusses even more on hacking stuff, but It's still more a shooting game, and I think that's bad. The game allows you to buy ammo and weapons, but you can just pick up weapons and ammo is automatically restocked when you die (which can happen a few times in missions). As a single player game I would not recommend this game at all, but what's really fun is the multiplayer part. Being hacked, hacking, tailing, being tailed, it's a really great gameplay mechanic, It's only sad that in order to get hacked, you have to wait. Of course, this is the great time to do some small objectives like scanning QR codes, or visiting every city spot, but after completing these the game has nothing left to offer you except for some fun side activities, or being hacked (or hacking other people, which is sometimes more a waiting game).Do I recommend this game? I might, it's sad that the game sucks after completing it and you have to wait more than doing some real cool stuff, but it's a really great game!"
,Not Recommended,243470,12266419,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Speakyoda,This game is so horribly optimized. It is impossible to play
,Not Recommended,243470,12328106,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Spookrai,After completing the lackluster main campaign which becomes little more than blah blah revenge. You will feel absolutely no compelling reason to do a single sidemission since they either require to collect 30 or so of whatever to unlock it. or Feature some gloriously 1D character. The gameplay itself is solid but un inventive. And as we all know. the game runs like tosh even after a graphical downgrade.
,Recommended,243470,12237910,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,TheGV76,"Watch Dogs isn't all it's said said to be, but it dosn't mean it's not a good game. Gameplay is well done, storyline needs work, multiplayer makes you feel a stalker, and driving mechanics is heart-pumping. Watch Dogs gives a new way interact with combat, exploring, and even investigating. I give this game a 7.3-10."
76561198117937901,Recommended,243470,12241725,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,dreadnought,Its a fun game it has it fault biut watch dogs is a generally enjoyable game
,Recommended,243470,12241743,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Raptor Jesus,"If you're not an idiot to believe that this game can cure cancer and give you the key to the gates of heaven, Watch_Dogs is a pretty decent game. Granted the graphics definitely weren't the same as they were during trailers and E3, the gameplay definitely delievers with hours of nonstop madness. You have from Digital Trips, to Multiplayer hacking, to pure Multiplayer matchmaking. This game DOES deliever, but don't expect this game to be dynamic by any means.While yes, this game takes a different approach, I feel as if they could of done better. Hacking feels somewhat bland with very little things to hack at the start and once you get the ability to hack everything, you can do it within maybe the first hour or 2. The upgrades don't feel completely rewarding with weapon and damage resistance being almost useless due to you being able to live so easily like you're superman.  What also makes me ask myself, why; the story is probably the most uninteresting factor in this game without a doubt. There is basically no pity, nor connection to Aiden Pierce.To end this on a brightnote, I do enjoy the humor Ubisoft provides with mutliple video clips of people being spied on to spying in people's homes. I do enjoy the stealth to a degree with them providing some sort of bar to indicate when you're going to be spoted in some sort of degree. Lastly, the outfits are pretty sastifying for the most part. I was torn between certain outfits.To sum this entire review into one sentence; If Rockstar just took GTA V and added hacking into their game, Rockstar would mop the floor with Ubisoft.But really, its not a bad game. Give it a shot."
,Recommended,243470,10872943,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Dragon[THC],"Worth playing through if only for the spider tank mode. Despite some technical hiccups, this game has turned out both fun and rewarding."
76561198129405595,Recommended,243470,12277720,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Homemadebridge,very good
,Recommended,243470,11762818,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,coolest werewolf,One of my all-time favourite games. 10/10
76561198051194199,Not Recommended,243470,13121432,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,koudy,"It is just GTA without gangs and with possibility of hacking people phones.Do not get me wrong - it is fun for some time, but as in GTA - I get bored after some time - it is the same - hack something, kill it/transaport it/etc and again.I was expecting something more stealthy and less run.gun.steal.kill.I did not played GTA much and finished only 1 Assasin's creed.Get dishonored instead - if you like steampunk (as much as I do) it is great stealth action."
,Recommended,243470,13150243,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,EscoWorld,An enjoyable open world experience. 4/5
76561198079289163,Not Recommended,243470,13153815,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,KimJongIllest420,"GET IT ON SALE. The game has a few lovable characters, fun to be had, and can make you feel badass at times. But there are so many other issues that... well I had fun but I wouldn't play it again."
,Recommended,243470,13031068,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Mosko,"When Watch_Dogs first came out it was universally panned by gamers for not living up to the hype it built up over about 3 years, and being poorly optimized on PC. I never boarded that hype train and from playing it I would say most of the problems it had at launch have been fixed, though not perfect it still ran fine on my rig.As for the game itself, the gameplay felt very refreshing compered to other AAA titles released in the past few years. The games hacking features diffently gives players a lot of veriety as to how they can complete a mission, in some cases you can complete the objective without even directly engageing enemies, though constantly swithcing between cameras can feel a bit repeitive. The game's main story while exciting and having tons of new developements throughout it is pretty much copy/paste of the script to The Dark Knight with a few tweeks, and while he may have his moments Adian Pearce is not the most likable or well developed protaginest in gaming.But in the end dispite of this games minor flaws it is still very fun to play, theres almost always something to do, and if you don't care that much about graphics it will keep you addicted for at least a few weeks.To sum it up I would give this game a 7.9/10, while Watch_Dogs is deinettly a good game it is not a next-generation experiance, and if you are still skepticle about this game I would recommend getting this game if and when it goes on sale like I did. And as I mentioned before if this game is deffinettly better if you don't care that much about graphics."
,Recommended,243470,12993410,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,FRANK,This game is awesome
76561198117352377,Recommended,243470,13007716,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,hek of,"Hack without being banned, improve the multiplayer! 10/10"
,Recommended,243470,13014010,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Tushonka,"Game is very very intresting to play, once you start a mission you are hungry for another one. The writers did an amazing job with this game. One thing that throws me off is inability to shoot out of the car while driving. Graphics could have been better but the effect are good. I always enjoy how the coat gets wet. Highly recomend this game.9.5/10"
76561198012081585,Not Recommended,243470,12314956,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,MizRaim,Just.. Dont buy it ! :)
,Recommended,243470,12272684,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,kajira,"I've read the negative reviews and watched how mixed the reactions are to this game and I'll give folks that the negatives are there. The drinking game is near impossible on PC, the driving can be very challenging and there are some graphics issues. (though, with hours upon hours of play I'd only see maybe one or two issues every 5-8 hours) I really liked the story, some of it was predictable but still good fun. I ended up liking Aidan a fair bit and I ended up liking Jordi significantly more than I thought I would. Some of the music did not appeal to me, but the junkyard scene was a throwback to high school for me and it was one of my favorite parts of the game. Super short: Yeah, it has some issues. If you're a perfectionist don't bother. But if you can shrug off a few things and enjoy the bigger picture, then this one is very much worth it."
76561198080005755,Recommended,243470,12214725,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Radical Larry,well when i start to load the game around 80% loaded it makes my laptop crash and comes up with the blue screen of death and the error code is 0ax000000. please fix this
,Recommended,243470,12218167,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,catty9,Hoestly It has its faults but i love killing people
,Recommended,243470,12218740,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Killer Valentine,"Has an immerisve story, that, Spoiler Alert, ties in with Assassin Creed, The people here do not enjoy a third party watching over them, but this game was used as a subsitute, befor GTA 5 was coming to the PC. Buy the game and prove them wronf."
76561197971315839,Not Recommended,243470,11099706,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Lastique,"The most horrible, buggy and boring game I ever spent my money on."
,Not Recommended,243470,11836628,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Dodger,"Biggest waste of time and money ever. It has terrible performance. Terrible graphics (floating buildings and incorrect reflections ftw). Terrible TERRIBLE Physics. Like really bad. Street lights are made of paper. Crap storyline. Crap characters. Terrible Radio in cars. Terrible cars. It under delivers in ever aspect. No where near what was promised.Pros:-Looks decent at night in the rain.-The wilderness like area in the top left of the map is quite nice and detailed.Cons:-Poor performance and optimization-Graphics are poor-Physics is non-existant and cartoony-Game doesn't know if its a serious game or a crazy cartoony game-The main character is as interesting as a half eaten lemon-Storyline is poorly made and uninteresting-Why are we meant to care about the dudes cousins-sisters-brothers-mothers-child-in-laws-daughter? We see her for about 2 frames in a cinematic and she is the whole reason any of this story is happening. WTF-The Hacking is boring and repetitive. I thought this game was about hacking. Thought they'd put more effort into it.-The best missions are the ones where another character is doing all the work because it means you actually get to ""hack""-ITS JUST SO BAD!-DO NOT BUY"
76561197971261385,Recommended,243470,12003793,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Peilos,All your characters in thw World are belong to me!
,Not Recommended,243470,12004889,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Lance Boyle,"I get it that you need to have the requirements, and I respect that. When I got the game I thought my CPU could handle it, but, I need Directx 11 installed! I couldn't even launch the game, and I waited over 2 hours for it to install. Also, seeing the negative reviews I'm SHOCKED to realize how bad the graphics are, yet I need top-of-the-line high tech s###. I am glad that I got a refund from Valve, but my advice is: If you don't think you have the minimum requirements, don't spend $60.Ubisoft, because of the reviews concerning ""top of the line"" (sarcasam) graphics, I don't understand why I need to buy a Mac book air/Pro to ""handle"" it properly."
76561197976614154,Not Recommended,243470,12067909,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,bbfloyd,"Tried playing again after first serious patch, on a fairly high end PC (i5 2500k + 780GTX +1gB SSD; no OC) and game is now playable 2560x1440 at almost all Ultra settings (Video Options now clearly show the ones that require more Video card memory than frankly most PC's have).The graphics stuttering present in debut release are now fixed for me; you can actually have a fun losing the PoPo.Downside is the fundamental gameplay itself.I'm not into multiplayer, other than very specific combat simulators, so the randomly occuring online opponent PvP ""hackoff"" is way more irritating than entertaining for me.The basic gameplay itself seems to be a bunch of pretty dumb and overly simple minigames with little connenction to each other. The only real function of the open world is to make you drive from silly minigame startpoint to the next silly minigame startpoint.The rest of the game is a straighforward GTA (insert favorite flavor here) clone; been there, done that; Rockstar does it better. Sleeping Dogs was way better.Wait, I forgot to mention the storyline? That is how memorable it is..."
,Not Recommended,243470,12086616,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,So Many Goblins,"Buy only on sale.Boring and stupid storyline.The hacking mechanic is extremely simplistic and the cool factor wears off almost immediately.Anti climatic boss fights.Graphics are not what they showed on demos (although there are mods to re enable them).Driving feels arcadey.Frustrating camera sometimes, especially when helicopters decide to park right on top of your head, or when you're driving, so you cannot target them at all.The best parts of the game are actually secondary sections of the main storyline, when you're chasing the henchmen of the real bad guy, the rest is pathetic."
,Recommended,243470,11953193,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,That Fapping Guy,i don't see why people hate this game it's great  :D the only thing i can't stand is the ♥♥♥♥ing driving >:O but still fun omg!!!
76561197994104795,Not Recommended,243470,12091873,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,spoon420,"Horrible game.Lots of useless irrelevant information in the game information. Some of the side games are really cheesey and not very well thought out. The begginning of the game is ridiculously hard untill you start to unlock skills making it near impossible some times. The final missing is completly ridiculous and near impossible.  The charaters whine and cry throughout the game and its just a downer. The worst part is the graphics WHICH ARE NOTHING CLOSE TO WHAT WAS ADVERTISED. They said they had to turn them down for better compatibility. Still not what was advertised was it, and even still good graphics do not make a game good. You end up stealing a lot of money in the game but you don't even need money for anything really. Most of what you do besides the campaign is a waste of your time unless you want to collect things for game completion but you REALLY have to be bored. Also if you know anything about computers, most of the things in the game will make you say WTF? OK?"
,Not Recommended,243470,12092073,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,(DDD)KoreanPedoJesus,well im ausuming the game would be good.... but f*cking ubisoft wont fix any of their god d*mn problems so it wont launch my game -_- i have looked for hours and cannot find any solution to it.... until they get theit head out of their a** its a dislike....
,Recommended,243470,11900445,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Comrade Benno,"Great game, took me a while to get into it and I had to fix the FOV (again) but once you get into it it plays a lot like 3rd Far Cry 3 but in a city, with tower unlock and assaulting enemy bases from afar as you chose to (ie shooting, hacking or steathing). Recommended!"
76561198061353882,Recommended,243470,11903778,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,N^2Law,Really fun game~
,Recommended,243470,11843101,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,-={o.W.n}=- sKeLeToR,This is a Really Great game I really Insist on it because the Campaign was just Amazing with the Textures and the lighing Unlike the 2012 Version from E3 The Multiplayer is a Really Complex world of Shooting And Cops Playing along with Friends or Strangers.
76561197996777932,Recommended,243470,11844385,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,TheAugmentedMuffin,"So - let's address the elephant in the room. Watch_Dogs is definitely not what was promised to us. It looks worse, is poorly optimized and the story, save for some decent voice-acting, definitely leaves a lot of room for improvement.But for me, playing as a vigilante in an open world is so much more fun than playing as a gangster in say, GTA V or Mafia II. Watch_Dogs gives you a sandbox with a lot of things to do, that will keep you engaged in the world of near-future Chicago.The driving isn't as terrible as you'd expect with the explosion of hate the Ubisoft interwebs have received, but it isn't amazing either. Arcadey and fun, but not as tight as you'd expect from a game with this much development time.Aiden's character is also not as 1 dimensional as people say. His voice-actor does a good job of portraying a deeply troubled man, both addicted to and abhorred by the ctOS that makes up much of the gameplay/social commentary of the game. While a bit ham-fisted, it definitely explores some dark and very relevant themes of the age of networking.Give it a go, fun will be had. That is allIt's just a game"
,Recommended,243470,11844852,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,xDischarged,"bcuz of dys g4m3, i 4m abl to gr4b me mums iphone 5 nd hck me a new game (its aksually he credit kard hehehe) bt i dndt stop their. i lern my newb 1337 leet h4cking $k1llz 2 jon annononmymous (idk wt they talking that it no group, clerly it a grop). i 4m taking dwn ob4m4 bcuz decline obama care. It not my fought i gt nutella in me bung :cccc. pls buy this g4m3 to joion anonoymous (it's aksually a group u dumb dumbs :)))"
,Recommended,243470,11893272,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Seawolf9er,"Is it as bad as  people made it out to be .. not really  it has some flaws and crash's now and then. The graphics were dumbed down some yes. How ever still a great over all game play with some minor issuesSide note In order to play this game as it should be played ,You need a Beefy PCyes there are loads of video's online of people with monster rigs that struggle to play this title.Heck Even My PC struggles to keep it running greatthis Game IS VERY CPU Hungry, RAM HUNGRY, And Will Give your GPU a work out.the min system requirments for ram is 6 GB .. I would not recomend playing this title with anything less than 16 GB of Ramit hits 6-7 GB of Ram usage on my system and for CPU load hits high 67 % total usage. And for GPU memory pretty sure it uses all 3 GB.I have not progressed very far in this title yet but do this you should give it a try, now if your looking for a GTA 5 feel. I hate to say it but falls quite short. Even Saints row 4 would be pushing it .This title falls into its own Spot,With its own feel and style, the game play does get repetitive, and over all story its Meh at best, But If your looking for something to fill the Void while we all wait for the face palm of 2014, (GTA 5) which its self will most likely be a buggy mess ... Even though PC users have been waiting ages .. :) but yeah not bad game play over alloutta 10 might give it a 6-7 outta 10 not great but .. not to bad .And for the record system specs are as follows4770kGigabyte UD3H32 GB Ripjaws Z ramEVGA SC 780 Ti  (Boosts to 1100 Mhz)and a long list of hard drives, SSD,s and fancy fansAll in a Cooler Master HAF-EATX  (Rate this up if you would like me to post a Quick Video of In game on my rig)"
,Not Recommended,243470,11894540,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Dr3w7h3is,"I do not recommend this game to anyone on the PC as far as my experience has gone playing this game many aspects are either poorly done or broken. When I first started playing the game it would only run for about 20 minutes before crashing, as frustrating as that was I figured I would wait till they patched it up. While the issues of the game crash after short periods has stopped the game its self is still very broken as far as what I can see, I suffer from large FPS drops going from 90 FPS and droping down to 10 FPS needless to say this has been very disappointing. I tried to resolve this issue by dropping the resolution from 2560 x 1440 to 1920 x 1080 with no luck. The part that bothers me about this so much is that I’m running it on a system that has 2 GTX 780Ti's that run every other game beautifully. The interactions that you have with in world items is very clunky and you have to fences with many items to get them to respond. I have watch a few friends play this on the xbox and PS with good results, sadly PC support is just not there for this game."
,Not Recommended,243470,11895802,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,✪Xanibear,2008 GTAIV with a simple mod looks and plays better than this. Horrible let down.  Not even fun.
,Not Recommended,243470,11864667,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Danimal Jenkins,"My machine has well above minimum specs, but even post-patch this game runs like total garbage. Your experience may differ. But I don't have time to sit and watch things load."
,Recommended,243470,11868540,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Old El Passo,"This game is really awesome! The story of this game is very developed, all the caracter is good! The graphics is not really what I expected but.. that's good!I finished the game and personally I really liked, there is an infiltration style! the story is awesome, a lot of cars, the control system for driving car is Okay! Many skills to develop, a lot of secondary missions! I leave you to discover!"
,Not Recommended,243470,12111466,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,tooweiss,"Honestly, this game was not worth the hype. It is very bland. The only good thing I will really say is, they know how to advertise. If you still want to play the game regardless of the reviews, I suggest getting it when it's a lot cheaper."
76561198036728376,Recommended,243470,12152881,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Cloud,"I personally liked the gameplay, granted some of the story I would rewrite to my liking if I could. The mechanics themselves are fun, and if you rather like being sneaky with a silencer or a maniac with a grenade launcher to solve your problems its available. Now the graphics processing and game engine issues are there, however if you don't mind playing it on less than Ultra and High settings to get better performance (I know, if you have a master rig you should be able too). I can run the game on my Laptop on Medium settings with nearly no stutter or FPS crash, so its doable. Overall Id give the game a 6/10 only because graphics and game engine should be polished."
,Recommended,243470,12138749,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Jukerlaw,I just love this game.
76561198145655948,Recommended,243470,12144907,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Norleeman,The Activation code won't work :C
,Recommended,243470,11975995,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,BabyHead,I choice like because its a good game but not worth all the hype and attention it got little dispointed with this but over all its nice game to roam around listen to random AI phone hacks
76561198073752957,Not Recommended,243470,11888462,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,mervynshiow,"The story line was great in my opinion, but gameplay wise it is kind of repetative, online play sucks, graphics not as good as what was shown at E3, and if I am shooting someone with a Barrett M107 Anti Material Rifle in the head I dont think I would need a second bullet even if he is wearing some sort of metal helmet + mask, if i need to then it kind of takes out the ""Anti material"" from the Anti Material Rifle. Driving was okay in my humble opinion but i mostly drive in the car that looks like a Ford Mustang; can't remember the name of the car."
76561197993734071,Not Recommended,243470,11943043,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,MethodMan,"Don't buy this game. I can't even it get it run, so there's a waste of 60 bucks."
76561198028811656,Recommended,243470,11994656,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,CoreLight,The game itself is downgraded and looks nothing like was promised. I highly recommend you graphically mod the game. I recommend the worsemod plus maldo textures; this mod will bring the game to life. Then add in SweetFX (currently using RealVIsion) and you have yourself a game. The game is by far beautiful and the open world leaves you occupied. I highly recommend it.
,Not Recommended,243470,10350626,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,PennyBack,Sure its fun at first but it eventually runs out of ideas and starts to repeat itself
,Recommended,243470,12035694,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,OMNOMNOMNOM,"8/10I would recomend if you like ITs enviroment, good story, poor gameplay"
76561198125363422,Recommended,243470,12039701,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,ButterCup,i like this game alot but i think the game was over hyped like the iphone six  (4/5 stars)
76561198066497234,Recommended,243470,12028782,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,El Duderino,"Note: When I got this game, I hadn't really been paying attention to the amount of hype this game was getting, so I went into it with next to no expectations. I've read a couple of the other reviews and they all said the game was over-hyped and did not meet their expectations. I think that many people wrote bad reviews abou this game because it wasn't as good as they thought it was, not because it was genuinely a bad game.Pros:1. Large, open map2. Good number of side missions and activities (many of them are renewable, so you can replay them if you want to)3. Variety of multiplayer gamemodes including 1v1 hacking/tailing, decryptions (team and free-for-all), street racing, ctOS Mobile, and free roam.4. Graphics are good. Not great.5. Performance issues (at least for me) are minimal, although many people have had problems.6. Fun to screw around in the open world (singleplayer or multiplayer)7. Penty of fun, little gadgets for you to mess around with (lures for guards, jam coms to block reinforcement/911 calls, 2 types of IEDs, blackouts that shut off the power, grenades, and ctOS scans)8. You can manipulate and use the environment to your advantage (blowing out steam pipes to blow up pursuing cars, but up road spikes to block enemies progress, extending treadles to blow out tires, using cameras to map out an area)Cons:1. Can become repetitive over time2. Online invasions can be annoying when they happen to you (other people can invade your game at any time aside from active missions and attempt to hack you)3. Ubisoft insists on attaching UPlay to it, so you to deal with that BS.4. Vehicle physics are a bit odd, and many people hate them (I don't personally mind them, though).5. When driving, the camera will not look straight up, so if there is a helicopter flying above you, you can't hack it unless you somehow go faster than it, stop your car and get out and hack it (this will usually get you killed), or wait for it to reposition, which it does semi-often.6. I've been having an odd glitch where if you die, Aiden refuses to put his hands in his pockets after you respawn, which doesn't change gameplay, it's just kind of annoying. I have to go out to the main menu and go back in to get the animation to work again. I don't know if this is a common problem or if it's just me, but it drives me insane. (If anyone has a solution to this, feel free to share it)7. If you have a bad reputation (from killing/injuring cops or civilians) there are news reports that come on. These reports block out any music you have playing, put up a little screen to block the middle of your view and tell you and everyone arounbd you how much of a horrible person you are. Not to mention, any civilian that gets a good enough look at you will call 911. There is no way to turn these off besides being a perfect human being, and let's face it. No one here will ever do that."
,Not Recommended,243470,12029394,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Stealthhound,"So far, I bought the deluxe edition, hoping to play even more. I was joyful at the thought of playing this game. My computer runs games that need Directx 11, yet, for THIS game alone, it says i need Directx 11. Don't get me wrong, I want to enjoy this game. But spending $70.00 and being completely unable to play this game which I wanted for so long, and having a high quality computer, makes this untolerable. I hope they get this ""Bug"" fixed, otherwise ubisoft can expect a loss of a buyer. The sad thing is that after it happening, I looked it up and many others get the same error, it's idiotic! The moral to this is that it CAN and most likely WILL not run. Hopefully it will run for you, but be warned that it has a possibility of not letting you play."
,Recommended,243470,11884099,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Baido,ჩემი ვიდეო Watch_Dogs-ზე:http://www.myvideo.ge/?video_id=2398412
,Recommended,243470,11983987,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,-kakaman,"I liked the game. the only thing i had a problem with was how they didnt fix the studdering issues right away, i could have played the game on max settings but i had already beat the game when they somewhat fixed it. ehh oh well i guess ill just play the new dlc soon with less problems. no biggie i guess"
,Recommended,243470,12018079,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Skipppppy,"Short and sweet: this game is much better than everyone makes it out to be. Despite the visuals not being what they were advertised as, the game is an easy 8/10."
76561197962058681,Not Recommended,243470,12020424,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,MayaFox,"The control settup is not ideal, and the game play does not map well to the keyboard/mouse. Driving is made difficult as when you power slide,  the camera shifts to front of your car.."
,Recommended,243470,12021059,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,-=PTP=- Ragos81,Great Game!
76561198084517007,Recommended,243470,12021524,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,SMNSWPS,"Although this game didnt live up to the hype, it's still a very decent game. This game will probably fulfil your fantasies as being a hacking Bad♥♥♥♥♥ Wait till this game gets a price drop. Around $20, this is a great buy. I highly recommend downloading The Worse's Mod ( if your hardware it up to it) to enhance the graphical experience to make it come close to ""E3 Watch Doge"" and play the game closest to what it was supposed to become."
,Recommended,243470,10284083,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Waffa,"I absolutely loves this game 10/10 i think the graphics, the storyline, EVERYTHING!, it's amazing!"
,Not Recommended,243470,12007365,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,ARCIIANGEL,"If Steam customer support was up to the standards of Origin, I would have got a refund on this over hyped, under performing piece of non sense.This is a glorified GTA IV mod at best, but runs worse. The game play is no where near as complex as trailers made it out to be nor does it look as good (unless you hack the game files to make this hacking game look better....)  and the story is complete and utter pants, obvious story is boring.Not fit for the purpose as intended nor is it as advertised."
76561197981194478,Not Recommended,243470,11018809,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,=KSK-Darkcloud,1/10♥♥♥♥♥♥game gtx 680 ddr3 8g I7 3930k cant play!!!!
76561198049053222,Recommended,243470,11004676,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,yaya,
,Not Recommended,243470,11004965,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Lovelyfluffybeard,Lost interest in a day or two.
76561198091402111,Recommended,243470,11009968,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Wet Sticky,rad
76561197971330048,Not Recommended,243470,11060084,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Abalard Pugglesworth,I originally liked this game a lot but growing issues from Ubisofts Uplay have forced me to reverse that.  Why must companies try to butt in and degrade from a great game by coming up with their own steam spinoff?
76561198052404908,Recommended,243470,11061205,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,michaelstitcher,"So at first I thought this game was buggier than a bee hive, and in some ways I still think that.  That said, the content is excellent, and as somebody who lived in Chicago for a while it is a lot of fun to tool around streets that have some resemblance to the real thing.  I'd recommend the game, but if I had to do it again I'd probably wait for the price to drop and for all the bugs to be fixed."
,Recommended,243470,11062550,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Paxon,"It feels very Deus Ex ""Invisible War"" in a GTA kinda environment. I've not travelled far into this one, but so far I'm liking it very much! The Control Scheme is just a little nerve wracking! 12 Thumbs come in handy here."
76561198016763245,Not Recommended,243470,11044424,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Siegfried Sassoon ๑ﭥ,Graphics is alright. Driving is wonky and feels very arcadic. I prefer driving mechanics in GTA. The story line is pretty meh and the character development is just as meh. Online gameplay like dogfight team dogfight looked cooler in the multiplayer preview a month prior to release  but actual gameplay is not that fun.
,Recommended,243470,11045455,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Shadow,"Although the graphics do not appear as promised at E3, they are still pretty amazing! The game overall has very great features. The story is good but feels a bit cliché at times thus making it a bit more predictable. Infiltrating ctOS stations was really cool however there are no stealth bonuses except the avioding a million bullets into your heart bonus. The AI is very intelligent, mess around to much with the environment and they will start a search for you and more accordingly. The amount of profiling and different citizens you can find is amazing as well; the pool is extremly large. The Abstergo easter eggs were my favorite since I am a fan of Abstergo; so far I found an ""ex-Abstergo Employee"" at Pawne during the search for RK at what seemed as a small port.The side missions are great as well except the fixer missions that really really annoy me at times. I know a special team was brought in to design the racing mechanics and car mechanics of the game but I am not a racing fan therefore having to do 40 racing / semi-racing missions was annoying (I loved the intercept mission though). I could not finish my convoy missions for the simple reason that they do not appear on my map anymore, I was told to do some fixer contracts and they will appear but nothing so far.The car mechanics may need some getting used to at start. It is very delicate at times which makes your turning and steering hard and your speed to accelerate faster than usually when pressing the acceleration button.Back to graphics and background scenery, the design is really good. you could enjoy a proper view of a blackout with all the city lights going off and then returning on. The one with the satellite though was disappointing; I was expecting way more than to just press ""Q"" to hack a computer and then be taken to the satellite to press ""Q"" again with no detailed hacking that would be included with the line-connection hacking but be different.The combat mechanics are gun mechanics are simple regardless to their complex look. Using the ""Modern Car"" Engine would have been spectacular with bits and pieces of cars shattered everywhere. It gets annoying to blow up a car, sometimes I need to throw more than one or two explosives.I am also disappointed that there is no in-game text chat! Especially since there is a multiplayer free roaming!Hopefully our ctOS 2.0 systems would solve some of these issues.9.2-9.4 / 10.0"
,Recommended,243470,10254109,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,LuIII,Respect.
,Recommended,243470,11047280,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,raf,"Make sure to download the pretty graphics unlock mod to make the game look like its supposed to without any performance decrease.Stealth is sometimes challenging and the world is fun to dominate. Lots of fun, not a very long game.8.5/10"
76561197976223492,Not Recommended,243470,11048628,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Quantical,It runs realls badly if you have my luck and have a fast video card (r9 290x). For whatever reason I get really bad audio stuttering and appaling framrates which were supposed to be fixed in a magical patch.The tiny patch came and didn't fix anything. I was so surprised by this outcome that I just uninstalled the crappy game called Watch_Dogs.
,Recommended,243470,11122375,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,joeyblueeyes,"It's a great plotand so many elements that one couldn't be displeased (excepy w/NVIDIA). Stelth completion is the way to go. Driving is give or take; you're beter off stopping your ride and using explosives. The hacking is a good component except that the old Shadowrun was more challenging. Digital trips though, I can'y stop tripping."
,Not Recommended,243470,11122470,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Tom Brady,Are they ever going to optimize this game? I spent money and I'd like to be able to play a game I spent $70 on. Ubisoft is not taking care of this. They don't optimize but they realease DLC? That's just scummy and lazy.
,Recommended,243470,11123414,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,m21rifle,I thought it was a great game i had no problems except if i would play for a while it would start to lag so i had to simply restart it.I recomend making a ubisoft account ( if you dont already have one) before you start playing. Also that you check your computer specs before purchasing this game so you dont waste your money if you PC can not handle it.Other than that it was a fun/good game.
76561198014643908,Not Recommended,243470,11124998,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Opus Kan,"In one word, frustrating. A boring story and protagonist wears on you after hours of repetitive missions. I have not finished it but after playing it for a while I lost interest."
,Recommended,243470,11126091,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Natra,"Truthfully I am sick of terrible reviews just complaining about Uplay, this review is going to be about Watch_Dogs, not Uplay. This game to me was over-hyped before it came out so when it did, a lot of people got let down. But, the game is still a very enjoyable game, it may not be as good as we expected to be but it is still an amazing game for me at least. The graphics are still quite impressive, and the idea is original. Here are some pros and cons,PROS:Great Visuals and GraphicsFun to explore the city of ChicagoGood AI systemGreat StorylineHacking is funMap Size is Pretty GoodCONS:Driving isn't exactly bad, its just not too realistic, so i'm not sure if this would be a CON, but its not PROThe Hacking Puzzles annoy me, but they aren't hard at all, just feel like a waste of timeI also heard a ton of complaints that the game was terribly optimized, I understand that it may not be as optimized as it could be but I also feel that a lot of people just do not have the graphics card to run this type of graphics, and I bet they couldn't run other visually amazing games like Crysis 3 or Battlefield 4. Not saying this is the case with all of the people complaining (I use Nvidia therefore I cannot speak for the AMD users as I heard it was not as well Optimized for those graphics cards). But I use a Geforce GTX 860M and I run the game on High with 40 FPS or so. The graphics card is not too expensive so I think some people just need to upgrade for certain games instead of blaming the gaming industry for getting better graphics. So overall I rate this game 10/10 to be honest, I know many people do not share this opinion but I personally really enjoyed this game."
76561197991915193,Not Recommended,243470,11127493,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Jekkel,"the only thing enjoyable after the first 10 mins of this game are the graphics, but even they need work and are unfinished.  Save your money and buy GTA because they are already releasing DLC for this unfinished game at a price.  Uplay IS A JOKE.... you spend 60 percent of the time hacking camera to camera  (motion sickness much) other than that, the story is somewhat unique and it puts you in a world filled with people glued to their cellphones. it is a beautiful game at a distance but when you dig deeper it reveals its ugly head. I hate to bash games because I dont have near as much talent as the creators on this one, but i bought this game and stopped playing it after a week because of repetative tasks and annoying multiplayer. wait for it to go on sale and try it for yourself :)"
76561198062582497,Not Recommended,243470,11127755,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Defenseless,horrable i want a refund
,Not Recommended,243470,11157601,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,[GTLP]Guanthwei,Sleeping Dogs is better. GTA4 with mods is better. This gets stale before the third act.
,Recommended,243470,10327549,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Hoot.avi,"It's hard to describe this game. I like the game, but there's zero replay value and almost zero incentive to even take advantage of the open world of Chicago. It's big, but doesn't feel real. That's one of my biggest problems is the false advertising that Ubisoft pumped into this game.Game itself is pretty good though. I don't regret playing the whole game, I just regret pre-ordering the dang thing.7/10 in my opinion."
76561198119081368,Not Recommended,243470,16713968,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Sakura Matsuri antiquariato,"Questo gioco è così pessimo da meritarsi una recensione in inglese. When i bought watchdogs i still had my old PC, not a great one but still it could handle most of the games quite well. Most of them except watchdogs that seemed way too demanding. So i tought the issue was with the computer, too old for a next gen game, and i uninstalled the game waiting for the new PC i was about to buy. Now i have a really high end computer wich runs all of my games with max setting as smooth as if they were Amiga games. A week ago i decided to install back watchdogs and...surprise: frame rate drops, glitches, bugs and occasionally my video card stops working! Quite desperate i tried to low graphic and details to the lowest levels and NOTHING CHANGES! Completely unplayable! Ubisoft did it again! With a messed up videogame, paid something like 50€, they proved once again to care only about our money. I feel tricked and disgusted by the lack of ""customer care"" from this giant of videogames. DO NOT EVER buy this game, not even for sale at 10€. Ubisoft you are nothing but a thief!"
,Recommended,243470,16606879,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Dee-Jay,"Just ok,calling Watch_Dogs a bad game would be unfair by any stretch of the imagination. The hacking is actually quite novel and fun and the basic ingredients for a successful open-world city game are all there. But unlike with GTA or even Sleeping Dogs, it never really comes together.Driving isn't fun because vehicle physics feel weightless. The lackluster sound doesn't help either.Shooting is actually decent and the cover mechanic works well enough. It's just nothing special. The reputation system also takes some of the fun from mayhem since you can't just shoot cops without repercussions.The side-missions and activities are countless, even overwhelming. But unlike GTA this isn't a city where you want to chill out and hang back. It really just serves as a mission hub.And this is the biggest weekness of the game. The plot is completely disjointed. Characters appear and disappear without setup or exposition. You go from doing one thing for one guy, to suddenly doing something for someone else....because ♥♥♥♥ if I know. And then someone dies and you don't understand what, why or anything really because nothing is properly explained. The characters are actually well written and acted...it's just the disjointed structure of the story is that completely falls apart.It doesn't help that aiden Pearce is arguably the least likeable protagonist in a long time with the least personality and questionable motives.And in this context they haven't managed to craft a compelling open world. It's just a city with lots of stuff to do. All the small details that make San Andreas or Hong Kong feel alive are absent here. In the end, the city of Chicago has about as much character as the protagonist. I.e. bar none."
13567098746098713,Not Recommended,243470,16721976,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,ebibe,complete disgracenever purchase this
,Recommended,243470,16723403,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,WFLUIT,fun game
,Not Recommended,243470,16697281,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Angel,"I really thought I was getting a bargain when I snagged this game for under 20. Now I just think I got ripped off.No, seriously, this game is bad and I hope every level of management that oversaw its creation and pushed it out the door in this terrible state was fired. I mean, I know they weren't, but if there was any justice in the universe they would have been.All the cool stuff was simplified to the point of terribleness. All the basic stuff was broken beyond words. How do you have 40+ missions that revolve around driving and not have checked that car acceleration works properly? Why would you have a consumable item that stops hostile scans from working if the mission scripting just forces the scans to work through it anyway? Why would you implement numerous minigames instead of fixing the stuff that was already in and broken? All of these are questions that no one in charge of deciding whether the game was shippable or not ever stopped to ask themselves.Seriously, do not buy this game."
76561198054953187,Recommended,243470,16612253,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,XActimuseX,Very good game. Worth the money!
,Not Recommended,243470,16613464,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Kiwi,This is a truly awful game - never playing it again. I am bored after 60 minutes of gameplay and have no desire to waste my time with it further.
76561198043442116,Recommended,243470,16767989,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,robotzero,-3-
,Recommended,243470,16770963,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Hrieezz.w0w,VERY INTERESTING
76561198090695247,Not Recommended,243470,16810572,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,sloth011 on VACation ;(,Worst Ubisoft game ever made!Every single mission where you have to chase someone with the car is a torchure!!!!It constantly looks like you'd be drifting and on top of that these horrible driving controls result in the WORST GAMING EXPERIENCE EVER!!! DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!!!
,Not Recommended,243470,16812699,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Mahpoul22,"I'm an idiot, don't act like me."
76561198029681511,Recommended,243470,16812922,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Zaiross,i love this game
76561198037108662,Recommended,243470,16821488,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,13,not what was promised but is still a great game thats a lot of fun
76561198076626245,Not Recommended,243470,15512186,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,gravey,♥♥♥♥ YOU UBISOFT
76561198054930589,Not Recommended,243470,15684627,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,egil_teige,"Again a game with so much wasted potential, I have played this game for a few hours, and I still don´t understand the point.I am apparantly angry about something (probably that I did not get my hands on the new iPhone) and I allow myself to kill everyone that get´s in my way getting revenge/money/a new app/a car/iPhone cover or whatever the point is.And to top it all off, some guy I never met is standing at the top of a bridge hacking my ""data"" (Oh No!)Some parts are fun, but mostly it is just so annoying, and I have yet to understand WHY, with any of the things I have done"
76561198065337651,Recommended,243470,15781798,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,EV3NT H0R1Z0N,this game is great has a long engaging story but if only those stupid online fixer contracts wouldnt interrupt it. very fun the gameplay is a bit of a mix between assasins creed and gta.
76561198085984689,Recommended,243470,15783346,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Delixcroix,Its actually great it is just jot what people expected based on the pre-rendered footage. While under the hype its got a lot of things going great for it just realize this is an alternative GTA experience and not ... anything else.
,Not Recommended,243470,16848822,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,ShiroKei,"Sometime I look up to the ceiling and ask myself: Why I do this? Why is my mouse? Why is my keyboard?And I realize, the more I play this game, the more mouse and keyboard I need.The controls just freaking awesome. Sometime when you drive your car, you feel like a kid rolls down the hill without control. Plus the rip-off camera from Assassin's Creed give you exp of someone hit you on the neck and tell you to look straight ahead.Al was a piece of art. Modern art. Where sh*t can call themself art. Annoying NPC just jump on middle of gun fight and die. Or just slowly walk thru you like a ghost. Cop is too powerful and ridiculous came from nowhere for no real reasons.This is not a modern assassin creed. It's just a crappy game worth less than 10 bucks and gives you brain damage after all."
76561198143384879,Not Recommended,243470,16617786,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Jokes_On_You,this game needs an activation code that does not come in your email as it says on uplay do not by this version it does not work
,Not Recommended,243470,16618892,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Hedgie,Don't do it.
,Recommended,243470,13837538,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,The Stu,"The game takes place in a large ""open world"" city that has a little of everything.  There are many missions in this game that vary from car chases (with plenty of wrecks and explosions), hacking, assassination and stealth intrusion. While not a pure stealth game, many side missions can be completed without being detected.  You also have plenty of tools to allow for a more violent approach like a variety of guns, grenades and even IEDs.  Easily one of the best games of 2014."
,Recommended,243470,16620242,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,SeaBanananers,Hands down best game if you are looking for a game that could occur a crash just for entering a car.
76561198113238156,Recommended,243470,16622259,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,BILLY BIG BALLS,"Over hyped and poorly optimised. The story is full of plotholes and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ characters, especially protaganist Aiden Pierce who puts his entire family in danger in a revenge quest that is hard to care about. All that said, there is something about this game that makes it incredibly fun. I ♥♥♥♥ing loved this game thanks to the missions being varied and unlike anything else in an open world game.1000000/10would hack a grandpa's pacemaker again"
,Not Recommended,243470,16622787,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,James,"Great Concept but ruined by horrific optimazation. With current graphics drivers on a GTX 780, I can't play it for longer than 15 minutes smoothly, after that the game begins to freeze often for periods of 5-10 seconds. This occurs more and more often until it becomes unplayable. Keep in mind this is after the game has been out for 13 months (since May 27th 2014) and after multiple performance patches by Ubisoft. The story isn't great either, the plot is pretty forgetable. The recreation of Chicago isn't the best, with some major landmarks being almost unrecognisable, the John Handcock building and Trump Tower are good examples of this.When Watch Dogs 2 comes out, which knowing ubisoft is inevitable, I wouldn't mind waiting 3+ years for a polished and  optimized experience with a more in-depth story, that isn't just a basic revenge plot."
,Recommended,243470,16628987,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,SnowGecko,alright I am gonna say itClaire should have always been the main character in this game.dispite the dial back of graphical features this game was still alot of fun.so long as you didn't drive anywhere the car mechanics were so poor it was sad.I give this game a 6\10
76561198048462223,Not Recommended,243470,13799594,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Bill Belichicks Cheating Embassy,This game has zero replayability value. The campaign is very stupid with corny voice acting. Do NOT buy unless game is on sale
,Recommended,243470,16463568,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,aRealMFer,"Probably more than half my time invested in the game was tweaking settings trying to get smooth game play.  Very frustrating, but once running smoothly it was a great game.  Online races are extremely fun."
,Not Recommended,243470,10307515,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Humborger Bones,"ugh, so with this game came all of the damn hype, way too much hype in fact. The game is pretty good but the hacking is not next gen in any shape of the matter. And then we move on to the optimization...It's terribly optimized complete with almost game breaking graphical and optimization issues. When I first got the game, I tried to launch it, thinking I was going to get right in and start playing. But no, first the game said that I needed to have Windows Vista SP 1 or 2. I knew that this was a common problem within playing games or just running some applications within Windows 8, but I mean it just came out and we all know of Windows 8 by now. So I found a simple fix for the problem that I have had to do on various other programs and games. Then after I got into the game I messed with the graphics properties to get them to my liking. I watched through the first cutscene and then got to the in game part, the second I loaded in the game crashed. So I thought that was wierd, but I figured I should just give it another try. so I got to the same part and it didn't crash, but then after being in game for about 5 minutes, my whole damn computer blue-screened. I hard shut down my PC and tryed again, blue screened at the same spot. I went to AMD and downloaded their new beta drivers, suggested to me by one of my Steam buddies. After I did all of this my game works fine (for the most part). but I still get really really bad stuttering when I am in game for about 2 - 3 hours, and I have to restart the game. So overall, I would recommend this game, but if you can, don't get it on PC because it's a terrible port. I really wanted to give it a chance on PC though because I very much enjoy PC gaming and I want to buy all games I get on my PC, but until Ubisoft can figure out how to port PC games, I cannot recomend it. Gameplay and story are great, and I am really enjoying the game (when it works)."
76561198006858768,Not Recommended,243470,15589015,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,gronork,"Linear, repetitive and boring game.Sold as you were about to play a stealthy hacker, but once in game you will figure you're playing a super soldier, with cool toys inside his phone."
76561198055344830,Not Recommended,243470,10285271,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Stembert,"This is simply unplayable even with a good computer, i own a gtx 670 SLI, i7 2600k OC to 4,5 ghz with SSD and 16 GB ram oc to 2100mhz and still i get FPS loss on low settings when i drive and the game loads the scenario...don't buy it for now and wait a patch for the game and wait for new nvidia/amd drivers, don't waste 80 euros as I did."
,Recommended,243470,16230404,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,chubbyTuesday,"Great Game, I have Grand Theft Auto V also and the stealth mechanics in Watchdogs make it more interesting to play despite having a weaker story. Many good characters, The Bad Blood dlc is posibly more fun than the main story."
,Recommended,243470,16272114,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,♛★♥❤Huskii❤♥★♛,I think its too late for a review now....The game is dead....But oh well I do enjoy playing the story line ><
,Recommended,243470,10439008,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Juhan2turnt,"I will say that this is the best game ive ever playd,not because it is new and it has been hyped alot but because it has a spark it has a spark of love and careing not a full violence game it has plot twists that make comfused for a while the story is very rich in this.+combat-mouse is optimized very badly and you have to get used to it[it diddint bother me]+story is fantastic+fantastic characters+cool minigames+fun side missions+cool movement+great voice acting+good keyboard mechanicsi fel in love with this gamei cryed 2 times even it""s such a touching story"
,Recommended,243470,16524503,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,midnightangel0013,"Very fun, just wish the hacking portion of the game took more skill and was more interactive at points.Would also be more fun if your general mayhem (crashing into cars, breaking into cars, etc) would get you noticed by the cops and the general public more.  Seems weird to break into car after car in a parking lot, in full view of the public, without any repercussions.  I am still early in the game so maybe things will get more challenging in the future."
,Recommended,243470,13605999,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Redkitties,"Fun, worth the cheap money if on sale."
,Not Recommended,243470,13673891,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Black Wolf,"This game tought me to never ever again ...pre order something..also, i expected alot more actuall cool hacking stuff.."
76561198048969858,Recommended,243470,13653101,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,cody503,Love the story and the online hacking
,Recommended,243470,13653372,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,JackofHarts,"Awesome game, loved how seemlessly you can move through the environment. The hacking is very movie like, and showing an distopian future where all of chicago is ""on the grid"" is a very interesting setting lending well to the hacking interaction. The story was okay, but it's a good action/adventure story with some rpg elements."
,Not Recommended,243470,13654412,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Keg,Over-hyped
,Not Recommended,243470,13655689,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,schoolkidg,Gets verry boring dont buy unless you want to waste money!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,243470,13655958,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,SantosL,"Underwhelming, buggy, and just plain not fun. Avoid."
76561198160456746,Not Recommended,243470,13656437,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,SilENcED-DEATH110901,could i please get a refund i cant even play it. I've spent 11.4 hours just trying to get it to play.
