user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,243800,8310221,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Brütal Legend,"It's like Flatout, Mario kart and Twisted Metal had a threesome and had the baby born in Texas and after that moved to Croatia to find jobs."
,Recommended,243800,18659329,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,#NV,"You remember all these times you were playing a 'regular' racing game and that ""!$%@ car passed you right before the finish line? Of course it blocked the whole road and you were out of nitro so in the end you were only able to score the infamously annoying 2nd place...Well 'Gas Guzzlers' solves this problem by adding some machine guns, shotguns or some friggin rockets to your car. An opponent is right in front of your car and blocks the way? Here it's a perfect opportunity to pump some metal into this target on wheels and turn it into a burning pile of scrap. EAT THIS!It's definitley a very entertaining and quite solid arcade/action-racer with several fictional cars, routes and weapons, that features many interesting gaming modes as well as a small tuning system and... Zombies (DLC)! I mean hunting zombies with a nice sports car and some built in shotguns: That's the real manly way to do it!Sure the cars don't drive very smoothly, there is no real story in the campaign mode, the music is just some generic rock stuff, there is no splitscreen (and the multiplayer is kind of empty) and the whole concept is copied from several other games but it is combined quite well, makes a lot of fun and is at least worth to look at in a Sale. It's like the indie child of 'FlatOut', 'Mario Kart' and 'Twisted Metal'. The one with Zombies. And rockets. And railguns. The one you always wanted because of... (explosive) reasons!"
,Recommended,243800,7751461,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Yo-Landi Visser,"""Very nische racing type of game, yet entartaining as nothing else.""There has been not many games that actually have cars and weapons mixed together. This type of racing game is pretty ""nische"" and there were games in the past (Road Wars for example) that did it nicely. This one is new, fresh, and does it stand up to the great game name?That question is pretty tough, but in my honest opinion - yes it does. Previous Gas Guzzlers was plagued by loads of problems: from barely working controls, via terrible physics, to horrible optimisation. This one as sequel on the other hand, does everything better, as expected.Game starts you with sponsored car. You get the money by winning races. The more races you win, the more money you get. Also winning unlocks cars, upgrades, rims, stickers and weapons, but this happens every 3-4 races. There is a lot to do in single player, however, the beginning of the campaign is pretty slow, and boring, but it does get better as you progress more. In the race you have various objectives that can give you more money, like ""destroy x amount of cars in 1 lap"". This adds variety to the gameplay and does add the replay value to the game.Graphics are much better. They are shiny (but it's not overdone) colourful, with nice shadows and particle effects. Models look nice, and most of cars are based on their real counterparts which is good, but they have really cheesy names. Overall game has really cheesy humour, which could be considered childish, but for me, it doesn't matter, but let's get back to technical stuff. Damage done to cars is somewhat 'meh' but it does job well on harder difficulties. Ai does it's job too. They're challenging, they are intelligent and they use their weapons with caution and can be deadly sometimes. Optimisation here is also better than previous one. I have mid-range PC and 60FPS all the time on ultra settings, which is amazing. There are many options to customise so you won't be dissapointed. Sound departament delivers funny yet very high quality sounds, for example there are voice-overs from Duke Nukem (!) which is a nice touch (they sound exactly like duke!), engines have that ""punch"" and differ from car to car... Just awesome. Music is outstanding, some heavy metal tunes over there, but opinions may vary here.Controls are improved, as it should be done in sequel. Car instantly responds to your commands, they have feel of weight, but at the same time they handle well. I had no problems handling the cars. Keep in mind that every car handles differently, and there are noticable differencies between all of them. Same goes to weapons. Some can shoot even backwards, which is awesome. There are some powerups on map such as repair, oil that you can spill on the track, mines etc. It all works together very well.Multiplayer is a typical madness. Capture the Flag, Deathmatch, Last Man Standing. Just Awesome. Too bad that nobody plays this game on MP which is shame because it's so much fun even with bots. Runs fluid smooth, has no lag issues, so what's the matter?There are some flaws. Sometimes Ai runs in circles when FPS goes down on older PC's. There were some problems for me with my steering wheel, but I got them resolved, and mentioned above slow single player campaign start which is annoying and can make you bored of game quickly if you won't get new car soon. I also wish for more cars, and weapons. There were some problems with achievements, but other than that, I had no glitches.Game is good for what it is. It does entertain you, and it does it pretty well. Question is, is it worth 22,99? For me, yes, for others looking for a realistic racing game - not really. Buckle up, this is going to be hell of a ride!8/10"
,Recommended,243800,12129681,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,RageMojo,"This game needs more love. It is Fun, Fast Paced, and full of action.Gas Guzzlers leans into the shooter and battle aspects, but there are straight races to be had, in addition to Arena Deathmatches and Elimination Races.There is a significant single player experience and online bots to get you started.if you enjoyed Twisted Metal, or the Flatout series, you will likely enjoy this immensely.8.5 / 10"
76561198087794419,Recommended,243800,28337617,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,SecretAgent:KiiN,"RECOMMENDATION:*Yes, if you're casual gamer want to enjoy arcade racing with weapons, traps, buy it!*No, if you're looking for serious racing & plenty of contents, don't buy itCOMPLETION TIME:*If player is professional: Around 10 hours*If player is casual gamer:  Around 12 hours+GAME DIFFICULTY:( ✔ ) Adjustable on new game( ✔ ) Adjustable on each stage( _ ) Not adjustable, game made for casual gamer( _ ) Not adjustable, game made for average gamer( _ ) Not adjustable, game made for professional( ✔ ) Unlockable startup / loadout / customization*Adjustable race end screen / edit profile at main menuGAME MODE:( ✔ ) Online Player versus Player( ✔ ) Online Cooperative( _ ) Online Leaderboards (Friends Ranking)( ✔ ) Level-up progression( ✔ ) Linear Career( _ ) Multiple Career( ✔ ) Allow to continue playing after the end( ✔ ) Random loots/npc/map selected( _ ) Random level generated( _ ) Photo Mode (No HUD, free camera)( _ ) Statistic( _ ) Score Attack / Personal Best( _ ) Microtransactions( _ ) Split Screen / Local Coop( ✔ ) Steam Achievements( ✔ ) Steam Trading Cards( ✔ ) Steam Cloud Save( ✔ ) Valve-Anti-Cheat System( ✔ ) Controller Support( _ ) VR SupportONLINE POPULATION:( _ ) >80 weekday >900 weekend( _ ) >20 weekday >50 weekend( _ ) >5 weekday >10 weekend( ✔ ) 0 weekday 0 weekendGAME TYPE:= Classic Race= Power Race (no guns, only traps & power-up)= Battle Race= Knockout (elimination on racing track)= Capture The Flag= Deathmatch= Last Man Standing (elimination on arena)= Destruction Derby (Merely smash kill)= Domination Derby (Merely smash kill, but need to carry the flag)= Dominator (Carry the flag to kill)= Zombie Survival (Not in campaign)= Defend the base (Not in campaign)LIKES:+18 different vehicles, 12 weapons, 40 tracks, 8 different environments+Nice looking explosives & crashing effects+Bonus Objective for bonus reward+A little vehicle customization+Nice voice announcer+Nitro effect is fun, wheel burn the road!!+Allow to shoot backward :D+Small animal on the road, and allow to kill it XD+Added something special into the car+DLC:FULL METAL FRENZY = New maps, cars, games modes, female announcer+DLC:FULL METAL ZOMBIE = 22 zombie variants (animals carrying explosives, minigun boss)+BUG: xbox controller have problem selecting difficult at the end of raceDISLIKES:-No friend leaderboard-Require to use different car to go further in campaign-Earn lot of credit & ain't much place to spend-Some game mode has very limited track-Most game mode is almost the same-AI driver has limited strategic-Campaign feel like quick race mode-DLC: Zombie Survival mode only available in multiplayerQUALITYSCOREGraphic (2013)AContents VolumeBArts & DesignBPresentationB-Level DesignBCombat TacticASound & MusicB-Realistic AnimatedBOnline ValueBReplay ValueBBug-freeBOverallBBEST PRICE HISTORY:80% offWORTH BUYING:( _ ) Yes, normal price worth it!( ✔ ) Yes, can wait for sales( _ ) No, the developer has no plan to improve( _ ) No, not worth the time on itWORTH BUYING WITH DLC?( _ ) Yes, base game + individual DLC( _ ) Yes, base game + DLC + Season Pass( ✔ ) No, DLC is different value( _ ) No DLC( _ ) DLC is includedhttp://store.steampowered.com/app/243800/MORE INFORMATION:*Random video review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dp4OMUa9j-IGame File Size: 13.8 GB"
,Recommended,243800,7366946,"Posted: 12 October, 2013",all,legion,"It's a lot like Flatout, while your goal often is to finish first, boost is key to getting past all the cars, and you will get boost by crashing into things and other drivers. Then you have the option to blow up other cars with an array of guns which is fun.Cars look good and are inspired by real life cars and you unlock upgrades for them during the campaign. The campaign consists of a straight line of races where you can pick between race, racing with shooting, elimination and also death match later on.All races have challenges which spice up the fun and rewards you with extra money but the challenges are sometimes very hard to pull off.I would recommend this game if you are looking for something fun, just don't expect anything else like deep story elements."
,Recommended,243800,12275824,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,⚡NGX50 (Chassey),"Really hope the developers have something new coming up. This game is awesome, something I've been looking for since Vigilante 8. Even though it's racing and not just car combat, the racing part of it is still very enjoyable.Capture the flag is quite competitive, you're not always just with crap AI, they do actually help.- Lots of upgrades, unlocks, races and cars- Beautiful visuals- Great humor- Great AI, can be rather challenging- Shortcuts on various tracks, always something to look for.- Hazards on the roads, explosive barrels, oil cans.Overall, if you're looking for a great arcade racer, with guns just like the old days. This is certainlly for you.Note to developers - You've done extremely well, please keep at it and come out with a sequel. Love to see what you could all come up with :)"
,Recommended,243800,18078847,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,lovinglife139,"Car combat games can be hit or miss, and I'm very happy to say that Gas Guzzlers Extreme is a hit through and through. The game features a single player campaign spanning over three separate championships and a multitude of races leading up to unlocking said championships, in which you can pick and choose which type of race you'd like to play. You have your classic race with no weapons other than specials (mines, smoke, oil spills, and the like), battle races (where you must complete so many laps and stay alive while trying to kill your opponents), and knock out races (number of laps equals number of opponents, and you can either win by killing everyone else or completing the laps remaining). Over time, you'll unlock some fantastic game modes such as deathmatch (whoever kills 10 other cars first wins), capture the flag (my personal favorite, where you must capture a flag and drive it to the other flag, which in many cases is picked up by the opposing team; death and explosions ensue),and last man standing (eight cars spawn on the map, kill and try not to die until you're the last). You can pick and choose from whichever game modes you want to play, earning points to further your standing. If you find classic races boring, you don't have to play them at all (other than one per championship), which is a pretty cool feature.The cars control great, and differentiate a bit between one another. You have options to upgrade your car's body, weapons, and paint job, even down to what color your license plate is. There are quite a bit of cars to pick from, and many unlock during your journey through the campaign. The cars are not licensed, but are made to appear like real branded cars (the car The Matador, for example, shares the likeness of the Lamborghini Aventador). The settings screen allows you a variety of options, including turning cursing off, which I did simply because I liked having the option (this also would make this game suitable for children, as other than the cursing, there is no blood or graphic violence other than explosions, which are fun for the whole family).I beat the game's entire campaign in about nine hours, but it doesn't have to end there if you don't want it to. The game also features multiplayer for those who like to play online (not my cup of tea, personally, so I did not check this option out), quick races, and you can even continue in the campaign like normal, sans championships. For those who only play single player like myself, don't fret. The game's AI is some of the best AI I've ever seen in a game of any genre, and I'm not exaggerating. The AI in this will not let you win easily, and their ruthlessness in battle is what made capture the flag so fun and memorable for me. I did not notice any rubberbanding, however. The AI will mess up like you do, driving over mines and crashing into each other, keeping the game fair, yet challenging.The game doesn't feature a very memorable soundtrack, but it's not terrible by any means, and the music that plays during upgrading sessions reminded me a lot of Fallout 3. The graphics of the game are pretty great for 2013, other than some blurry background textures that you shouldn't be paying attention to anyway. The only two negatives I have for this game are that for one thing, I never did figure out how to use the smoke special every single time I picked it up. It seemed finicky, like it would only work a third of the time you legitimately picked it up, so I'm not sure if it had a cooldown or what. The second negative would be that although you can pick between multiple game modes throughout the campaign, the race tracks seem to randomize, and you often have to play some of the same tracks quite often, despite unlocking new ones nearly every race. Also, if you are wanting to play a certain game mode but don't want to play on the track it offers, you can't switch the track within that game mode. You'd either have to suck it up or play a different mode (the latter of which I usually did, since they all are fantastic).Gas Guzzlers Extreme is a fantastic game that should belong to every racing fan, and it serves as a great ""learning tool"" for those gamers who are looking for a good intro game to the car combat genre, as its options and various difficulties make the game approachable for genre veterans and beginners alike. It's one of those games you'll keep on your hard drive even after you beat it, because it's an easy game to drop in and drop out of. I would personally rate this a 9/10. I was looking for a car combat game that would make my heart race and fulfill my need for destruction and explosions, and Gas Guzzlers Extreme did so in every regard."
76561198034823626,Recommended,243800,23741596,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,OLDr! Tabloids,"Fantastic multiplayer game.  If you want a racing game with simple handling and over the top guns then this is a fantastic choice.  Admittedly single player might get boring after a few hours (although racing against hard AI is a surprisingly deep experience).  However the multiplayer creates fantastic moments and memories.DLC is great value if you enjoy this game.  Zombies is especially hilarious fun with mates.If you have friends who are keen to play this with you it is a brilliant buy.In short, worth considering as a single player racer.Definitely worth the buy if you have friends to play with.EDIT:Didn't expect this review to get noticed.  Thought I should mention multiplayer with strangers is very rare, however there are official servers so its easy to organise a game with friends."
,Recommended,243800,8371505,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Rayva,"Fantastic game. Fast racing action, variety of guns and loads of tracks. Single player is pretty good, but nothing beats slamming a real-life enemy into a wall with your car or blowing them to bits with a missile (or 3).Highly recommended."
,Recommended,243800,10769457,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Cursed,Like Mario Kart but with guns. Very enjoyable!
,Recommended,243800,10171738,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Lukozer,"If ever a game was either made FOR Jeremy Clarkson, or BY Jeremy Clarkson, this is the one! Racing in Lamborghini's armed with miniguns and rocket launchers while also being able to lay mines, oil slicks and smoke trails... and racing against drivers such as Luke Likesheet, Alotta Fagina and Jenny Talia... This has Clarkson and Top Gear all over it!I can't recommend this game highly enough! Graphically very good, audio is also very good, and the main feature, the gameplay itself, is superb! I love the black humour and it is very easy to lose all track of time while playing this... so while you may intend to only have a couple of short races, the next thing you know it's 3 hours later. The variety in the difficulty levels are perfect, so this game is fine for racing gamers of any skill level. Progression through the game is set at a good rate so you rarely find yourself having to wait for new cars, weapons, upgrades or tracks to become available, nor do you find yourself lagging behind the other racers because you can't afford the upgrades to compete.I'm a huge fan of racing games, and while this is as far removed from a serious racer as it gets, it is also one of the most enjoyable racing games i have ever played! You MUST buy this game!"
,Recommended,243800,24139213,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,MandyMayCry,This is the best racing game I have played on steam so far. Highly recommended!
76561198000058788,Recommended,243800,8385621,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Tater No-Pants,"It's like Quake, but with cars"
,Recommended,243800,8383625,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Mix,"It's been awhile since we had another Car combat game, and this one is worth buying!"
,Recommended,243800,8994845,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Varaosa,"ENG:Armed with a totally awesome car racing game where you can tune your own car and compete in various stylish cars of different competition formats. The best thing about shooting car game on Steam, testimonials!FIN:Aivan mahtava aseistettu kilpa-auto peli, jossa pääsee tuunaa omaa autoa ja kilpailemaan erillaisilla autoilla eri kilpailu muodoissa. Parasta ammuskelu autopeli Steamissa, Suositteluni!"
,Recommended,243800,23505428,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,mercury,Who needs Mario Kart when there is Gas Guzzlers Extreme - 100% recommended!
,Recommended,243800,34857133,Posted: 10 September,all,(O)RE,I have fun with this game. Arnold's voice is da best! Yayaya
76561198035131160,Recommended,243800,12021603,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,FLATLINERACER,This game is a Fantastic Combat driving game. A mix of Vigilante 8 and Twisted Metal with the Graphics of DIRT 3 and loads of Great tracks. The best part is the super car handeling which you can't say for most driving games. Wish more people would buy this game so I could better take advantage of Multi-player. Anyone have this game hook up with me!!!!
,Recommended,243800,31146616,Posted: 14 April,all,Neon Driver,"-""It's like FlatOut with guns.""Adam Kovic, MachinimaSeriously, though. Despite its age, it's a pretty solid arcade racer with gun combat. Lots of cars to choose from (they handle mostly the same) and the FlatOut comparison is not a flat out lie (AYO!). The very rules and handling physics bring said game to mind when you play and all veterans of the venerable series should feel like at home. The multiplayer is mostly dead but servers are alive and kicking, so players can join any time and if not, you can still race with bots, which is always a better alternative to an empty server."
,Recommended,243800,15530016,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,crogeek,"You know, yes I am from Croatia - and this is made in Croatia game and I like it, not only because I support developers from my small (but most attractive looking) country, but also because game is simply awesome - I was always liking Flatout based games but this is something new and much better in my opinion to any Flatout based games. Gas Guzzlers Extreme game has its unique humor - which is really awesome.And game is cheap in price and you'll get tons of fun if you buy it - but you won't regret it I am sure.P.S - since I don't wanna to write much about negatives, because you can't find them easily at all on this game, but there's one little annoying thing is that finding multiplayer games is for now still pretty hard thing to do - it's pretty hard to find populated multiplayer servers for now, but I am sure this is gonna change in the future.Greetings from Slavonia, Croatia!"
76561198000681547,Recommended,243800,12786393,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,King Zero,"The best Combat Racing game available on Steam. My only complaints are that there's usually not many people online and I think it could benefit with more car customisation in multiplayer - earning cash during multiplayer races to trick out your chosen car would make this more appealing in my opinion as there isn't much difference between how each car handles or performs.Otherwise, this game is definitely in my top 10 of the past decade."
,Recommended,243800,23353286,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Billb23,"Great game from what i have played, will be playing it more since i built my new pc, if you are going to get this have a pretty good pc otherwise you will get awful fps."
,Recommended,243800,30240789,Posted: 28 February,all,random,If Serious Sam was a racing game. great fun.
,Recommended,243800,33570104,Posted: 15 July,all,Leo,"Solid racing with guns.Looks/feels/runs/sounds great.Pros- Addictive SP campaign- Dev humour (Map/AI/Car names)- Old school rock/metal with a twist of psychadelicCons- No Split Screen (Local Co-Op)- MP: dead servers- A tad repetativeLate game with faster cars on Medium+ is like Split Second;you blink, you're ♥♥♥♥ed."
,Recommended,243800,19766771,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Travingel,"undeniably flawed but still manages to be fun.just make sure you have people you can play it with.solo or with randoms is a little....boring (to me)some major standout flaws :the matchmaking with friends is none existant, unless you are on voice chat with friends it isnt easy getting a server together.the zombie mode gets repetetive fast. if you dont mind that, not a flawthe optimization is a little bad, my friends had to lower theyr graphics to the lowest possible setting to get a stable FPS.it says ''full controller support'' yet my ps4 controller gets no responce."
,Recommended,243800,30118927,Posted: 23 February,all,N i l e s,Nice game! It needs some optimization but so far it's great.It's like Dirt Showdown and GTA combined.
76561198194666093,Recommended,243800,33106066,Posted: 1 July,all,gsp562,"Hella good good game. I am glad I stumbled across this one. Cars with guns that handle properly,plenty of cars and upgrades and beautiful graphics. Easy recommend."
76561198005549260,Recommended,243800,15407056,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,redeyedfool35,This game is pretty awesome. It delivers on so many different levels with AAA execution but for some reason is overlooked by many. The amount of content you get at the low price point is unbelievable and the dlc is well worth it's low price too. The amount of cars and upgrades you can do combined with the several different game modes and tracks will keep you busy for some time. If you have been looking to relive the old twisted metal days then this is for you. If you're looking to destroy some cars and do some racing then this is for you. The only thing on the lower end is the amount of people that play online which really doesn't take anything away from the amazing single player. However I'm always looking for new people to shred some metal and fiberglass with so feel free to add me if you want in some fun.
,Recommended,243800,12230847,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,The Queg,"I am still strugglinhg to cope with how awesome this game is get it quick whilst it's cheap. Customisable cars and weaponry, exciting races, blowing♥♥♥♥♥♥up what more could anyone possibly want. Really well presented, plays all lovely with nice handling too. Funny cars to pick from including a 3 wheel Reliant Robin type thing, a Renault 4 and many more. Cannot recommend this highly enough"
,Not Recommended,243800,17933286,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,General Kass,"Edit: Oh this is lovely, like all indie developers who get bad reviews, the two for this game both gave me ""did not find this review useful"" then now told me that the reason I found the campaign to be repetative was because I hadn't played it enough yet. What total nonsense. They claimed that playing death matches or capture the flag would make the game more fun. I played both (specifically where I said ""Multiplayer games against bots"") and they were still not fun.Edit 2: I've checked the steam page for Gas Guzzlers and there's not one negative review with over 50% of people who found it useful.Huge redflag. Out of a 100 negatives reviews there's none with constructive criticism deemed useful ? I call BS.I'm giving this a thumbs down because I don't believe its worth the $24.99 price tag.At first, the game is a lot of fun and its really satisfying when you blow up your first car. The problem is that this is one of the most repetitive games I've ever played.You'll end up in first most the time, trying to decide whether you should slam the breaks to kill people and break the monotany or just go for an easy win.The ""campaign"" consists of1. Race with no weapons2. Race with weapons3. Race with weapons, but whoever is in last place gets taken out at the end of each lap.4. Play multiplayer games against bots when the game decides its a special occassion.You'll play dozens of these races and feel like you aren't getting anywhere.New cars don't unlock often enough to keep things interesting, a sponsorship insures that you'll have about 5x as much money as you can possibly use, and its just agonizingly boring to win 5 races and be told CONGRATULATIONS! YOU UNLOCKED....1 NEW RIM AND 1 NEW STICKER!This game is fun for about an hour or two, but around the time you reach the first championship, you'll start to ask yourself why you're wasting your time driving in circles (alwasy in first place) when you could be playing Twisted Metal, Mad Max, or any number of car combat games."
,Recommended,243800,31995711,Posted: 27 May,all,Microsoft Word,"Good lord, this game. Take all the white knuckle speed duels of Burnout, add in some quality GTAV physics and strap on enough weapons to make Twisted Metal blush, and you get Gas Guzzlers Extreme.Everything about this game is polished to a mirror shine. I got the total pack on sale for like 10 dollars and I feel like i still owe the devs money. The game is just. that. good.Its a racing, shooting blow-em-up kind of game and is amazingly adept at blowing off tension.AND THEY HAVE DUKE NUKEM AND AAAAHNAHLD AS VOICES!"
76561198092540882,Recommended,243800,30453155,Posted: 11 March,all,Dr. Grym,"For older gamers who remember Interstate '76 and Interstate '82, this game will seem familiar.  That is not to say that they are terribly similar, it is just the ""feel"" is hard to deny. Having bought it as a time-waster that I could play with the family, I was quite pleasantly suprised at how engaging the game is.  You just want to keep racing."
,Recommended,243800,23953419,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,thelankymidget,Jesus! this game is so bloody fun! i was actually smiling! 8/10Only issue is that you have to set up your own controller input (racing is better with controller)
76561198330404072,Recommended,243800,26651966,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,A_Latac,"Bought the full package (game + 2 dlc), never see zombies. Steam says me that I have it, but I just can't play it (if someone know why, and how to fix that, tell me).Meanwhile, I rated the game itself positive, and if I could, I would multiple kill the like button, because it's an AWESOME game made of scrap metal, bad jokes, bullets, explosions, chickens, and fun, and that's why every fan of Burnout, Jack X, or simply cars 'n guns should have it and love it every day of his life. May be a bit short in story mode, but there is MULTIPLAYER, and if you come here with your buddies, BE PREPARED FOR WW3/4/5/THE RETURN OF THE JEDI AND well you get it. Move your♥♥♥♥♥outta there and go for money to buy this piece of metal art."
76561197987012553,Recommended,243800,30524698,Posted: 15 March,all,Telbert,"Over the years, I've enjoyed automotive racing/combat games such as INTERSTATE '76, DEATH RALLY, and TEST DRIVE:EVE OF DESTRUCTION.  GAS GUZZLERS EXTREME does a fine job of continuing the tradition.The graphics are excellent on more modern machines.  Gameplay is challenging but still enjoyable, as the difficulty setting is adjustable.  Vehicle control is good.  I will point out that the tracks are rife with sharp turns, so handling is an important as speed as you drive.  At the same time, one mistake by itself will not cost you a race.There are a variety of weapon types to suit your combat preferences.  Shotguns and machine guns appear to be the most effective for races, but there are also missile launchers, grenade launchers, and even a delayed-reaction railgun for more exotic gameplay.  There are also droppable weapons (mines, smoke, and oil slicks).  In this regard, the game reminds me of Origin Systems' AUTODUEL.Adding to the fun is a wide variety of vehicle models.  These range from classic American muscle and sport cars to exotic performance models from Europe and Japan.The game's general tone appears heavily inspired by DEATH RALLY and DUKE NUKEM.  I mention the latter because some of the track and opponent names feature puns with a decidedly adult sense of humor.  Parents with young children or the easily offended should beware.Overall, GAS GUZZLERS EXTREME is a very enjoyable game, and I recommend it to anyone wishing to scratch the automotive combat itch."
76561198043324388,Recommended,243800,30304039,Posted: 3 March,all,GreyLines,"This game is the original Death Rally remade into a 3rd person / in- car perspective.A car racer with guns, mines, race missions for extra credits and car damage / repair.Ifs fast and fun, looks good and the DLC has a zombie mode.Solid racing game 7.5/10"
,Recommended,243800,24278992,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,NitroWombat,"A well supported and increasingly fun game.  (Been a while since I have played)  But fun none the less!  They constantly add and update.  If your into this type of racing or even racing alone, you should check it out.   Ever want to play hit me up =)"
,Recommended,243800,27912790,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Japanese Plastic,"It's a spectacular 10+ hour game, with the option of having Duke Nukem as your announcer. The AI have the best AI names I've ever seen in a game, and the cars / weapons are pretty lit as well. The only problem is that the nuke only comes with four shots (That's using the last car fully upgraded) before needing to get an ammo pickup again, and there's really nothing to do after the campaign unless you have a friend who also owns the game. Otherwise, this game is sweet. Buy it when it's on sale because it's more of a $20 game than it is a $30."
,Recommended,243800,8780611,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,BlazeHedgehog,"They don't really make games like this anymore. Car combat games, I mean. The best we got was the Twisted Metal Remake on the Playstation 3 in 2012, and that was after years of silence in that genre. Back on the Playstation 1, the best Twisted Metal competitor was undoubtedly Vigilante 8, and Gas Guzzlers reminds me of that game quite a bit, though it focuses more on actual racing than Twisted Metal or Vigilante 8 did.The game is also quite beautiful, with gorgeous lighting, cinematic motion blur, and highly detailed tracks.My issue with the game is the progression. The demo was great fun, because you had a pretty good car and a varied list of modes to play through, between arena deathmatch, combat racing, and even capture the flag. The progression in the full game is a lot more tedious; you have to work your way up buying new cars one by one, but you are locked out of the good cars until you reach a specific point in the game. It always felt like I had more than enough money for whatever I wanted at any given time and that the game was intentionally holding me back and restricting me to lame cars.You are also very slowly eased in to the game's more intense modes. Expect to spend a couple hours doing slow races, often without any weapons at all. Eventually you'll end up with a garage full of cars you'll probably never drive because they are objectively worse than stuff you get later on in the game.Despite this, I'd still recommend it. There's a great game in here, you just have to do some digging to get to it."
,Recommended,243800,20677825,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Mr._Kebab,"A mix of Twisted Metal and Flat Out 2 = perfectionHours of fun, many game modes (zombie is awesome), nice optimized graphics.. How did i never hear about it before? Must-have!"
,Recommended,243800,29110207,Posted: 8 January,all,ReconSixth,Extra fuel for hot and frenzy day!
,Recommended,243800,11687785,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,[TPZ] Headache [G.I.T.V ],"WELL guys this is a must for all the petrol heads,has a bit for everyone in it,shooters knockouts and just straight up rev heads,well worth the money and yes worth getting,just for a change of pace,it has it all guys,guns cars,what else do you want in a game."
,Recommended,243800,17259454,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Dominant Chris,"I'm not a massive fan of racing/driving games because I find them too easy, But gas guzzlers Extreme has manged to keep my interest by throwing guns into the mix. It's so satisfying to drift around a corner for nitro so you can catch up to that guy in 1st place then ram a missile up his exhaust! Enough game modes to play through.(Last Car Standing being my favorite) Only issue is the lack of people playing multiplayer you'd think for a game like this it would be higher."
,Recommended,243800,7853943,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Dirtbag,"Damn man, this game is more fun than masterbating. 10/10"
,Recommended,243800,30169046,Posted: 25 February,all,Darryl,"For a long while I was looking for a combat racing game similar to ""Crash 'n' Burn"" or ""Jak X"", both on the PS2, and in a genre which is largely ignored and sees little interest from developers.One day by chance I saw ""Gas Guzzlers Extreme"" recommended to me during one of the sales, it looked like it might be fun so I bought it.While the premise may be extremely simple and repetitive - you gradually unlock new vehicles and weapons for these vehicles by racing in tournaments - it is probably the most fun I've ever had in a racing game for a very long time.It was exactly the crazy fun that I had been looking for, and has an absolutely amazing soundtrack to match!"
76561197971163188,Recommended,243800,29650781,Posted: 2 February,all,andrewsapp,"Awesome.  Just Awesome.I have a triple monitor racing sim, and to be honest, sometimes you get bored playing games like Project Cars, Dirt and Assesto Corsa.  Enter Gas Guzzlers Extreme...One of my favorite games from the past was Interstate '76 (remember that one, from 1997?)Well, this is just as much fun.  No story, but the same enjoyable vehicluar carnage.Do yourself a favor and buy this one.  It is worth full price."
76561197993437321,Recommended,243800,13733772,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Carm3D,This game can be brutally challenging.  The AI can be vicious.  But that makes the rare victories taste all the more sweet if you don't rage-quit before they happen.  The graphics are beautiful and the silly celebrity-impersonated wheel operators are good for a smile or two each race.  If you can afford it I recommend the game for someone who can handle a challenge.I enjoy only two of the wheel operator voices; Arnie and Duke.  The other two are pretty generic.
,Recommended,243800,10174832,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Yoj,"♥♥♥♥♥, sheeeat - this gaem is the real deal! You drive cars with guns, with many game modes availible (deathmatch, CTF, racing, etc), what more could you ask for? Hell of a lot of fun, especially in multuplayer, with friends n'♥♥♥♥♥♥ You can even run over chicken."
76561197978312695,Recommended,243800,25192152,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,The Leviathan,Well worth bringing the old Force RS wheel out of retirement to fully revel in the mayhem.  Top notch!
76561198023687979,Not Recommended,243800,17874290,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Question Mark,"Don't trust the preview videos... This isn't the no-holds vehicular combat game it's made out to be: it's a racer... and a bland one at that.There is no real choice of vehicles, since each new car is a straight upgrade to the former. There is no real choice between maneuverability and speed -or any other factor, for that matter, like armor or weaponry.Gas Guzzlers isn't a bad game, but it doesn't have enough to it tobe interesting past the first 15 minutes."
,Recommended,243800,7908553,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Vex Malleus,"This game is awesome!  Easy to control, even with the keyboard, arcade style handling which is always nice, and the best thing is: GUNS!!!  Check it out!"
,Recommended,243800,7343012,"Posted: 8 October, 2013",all,Nickrev,This game is amazing. Really refreshing racing game :D
,Recommended,243800,8388328,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,tehOMGfather,Twisted Metal meets Dirt with the option to have a really bad yet comical Arnold announcer. Good Times.
,Recommended,243800,24312711,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Burillo,"TL;DR this game is great.If you want more details, here's a full review.Concept - 10/10Good old arcade racing, with guns. There's no story, no ""racing crews"" competing to ""rule the streets"" or to ""get attention of a famous racer"", none of that stuff. Just pure arcade racing - win race, get credits, unlock more stuff, win more races with your new stuff, unlock newer stuff. In this day and age of everyone and their dog aiming for ""cinematic experiences"", this is a welcome breath of fresh air. Coupled with intentionally cheesy, schoolyard level humor (in a good way), various pop culture references, metal soundtrack and all the various little touches like the roadkill, this game just works very well and presents a great over-the-top dudebro arcade setting.Variety - 7/10There is a great variety of gameplay modes. There's classic race, ""power race"" (race with defensive powerups), there's race with weapons, there's knockout racing, destruction derby (with and without respawns), deathmatch (with and without respawns), capture the flag modes, zombie attacks... There's something for everyone.There's also a great variety of cars, but each new car is more or less better than the previous one. In other games, different cars may yield different advantages - for example, while a car may be slower, it may have better handling. Not so with cars in this game - every new car is strictly better than the previous one. Yes, they do have varying handling stats, but the arcade physics nullify any advantage you may gain by that, so you're pretty much forced to always pick the fastest car. And there aren't any other advantages other cars offer - they don't carry unusually heavy ammo loadout, or have a better shield... No. Nothing.The tracks are a plenty as well. There's beautiful Arizona tracks, there's various desert tracks, there are a couple of racing tracks, mountains, forests... And all of that in various weather conditions, from scorching sun to heavy snow. The environments are very detailed and look great. It's a pity there aren't any night races though.Graphics - 8/10While graphics surely aren't on the level of latest NFS, by no means they're poor - the picture is great, the tonemapping, FX and explosions all look good by today's standards. The graphics options screen is slightly confusing though as it has a number of advanced options that provide no explanation for what they do.Gameplay - 8/10I like that you can't change your weapon during a race, once you picked a weapon you're stuck with it. Makes for different playing styles. All the powerups that can be picked up are defensive - oil spills, mines, invisibility etc. You can't actually ""pick up"" a rocket or a gun (well, you can, in various domination/deathmatch modes, but i'm talking about racing). The game feels smooth and the progression is clear and predictable - slow and steady on lower tiers, complete high speed explosive chaos on final tracks.Thegreatfeature of the campaign progression is that, aside from championships, none of the tracks are actually mandatory to complete. There isn't a set of races you have to do to proceed to the next level - they are generated randomly every time. This makes it very easyand enjoyableto actually beat the campaign and unlock all cars. If you dislike shooting - you're welcome to only do power races. If you love knockout racing - you're welcome to do that, track after track. If you don't like racing at all and prefer deathmatches instead - no one is stopping you from doing those to progress through the campaign. If you only like racing in Arizona - you're welcome to pick those races when they're available, and ignore the rest. There are some caveats, of course, so you still have to dosomeevents or tracks you might not like, but considering about 90% of the game you can do what you like, that's a good tradeoff.Multiplayer is where this game shines. It's sooooo much fun. I'm not too fond of deathmatches (although team deathmatches can become tense), but team racing was a brilliant idea. From my cursory exploration of GGE official servers, the game is pretty fluid online and netcode isn't glitchy. It's pretty solid and performant.There are slight issues with the gameplay, however. The biggest one being, there are no HUD indicatorsORa map in various deathmatch/destruction derby modes. The game doesn't allow you to mouse look (only keyboard), so you essentially have no immediate awareness of your surroundings. More often than not i would be chasing a guy, then he suddenly makes a turn which i miss, and then he's gone and i have no idea where he went. Or sometimes i get shot at or hit out of nowhere. This issue makes deathmatches and capture-the-flags very frustrating. Amusingly, the zombie modesdohave a radar, so why the developers thought it was a good idea tonotuse it in other modes is beyond me.There are other miscelaneous faults with the gameplay, such as, for example, not clear enough indication of my health level, and no clear indication of whether i am running out of ammunition, or already have and just don't know it. I lost count how many times i was carefully aiming into a guy, only to discover that i'm out of ammo and missed a finishing shot. After talking to the developer, i found out that it's all in the speedometer, but the fact that it took a comment from a developer for me to notice it, speaks for itself. I wish it was more clear.The AI is fairly competent, but not exceptional, and once you get a hang of how it drives (hint: it cuts,a lot), you can easily beat it even on hardest settings on a fast track. Now, slower tracks (i.e. winter ones) are a different animal, it seems like the AI there has superhuman grip over the road, and just about the only way to beat it is to grab all the nitro you can get, and shove their♥♥♥♥♥full of rockets for good measure. In other words, depending on the track, there can be huge disparity between difficulty of winning the race.Speaking of difficulty, various ""capture the flag"" events become pretty much impossible to win in single player on hardest levels, courtesy of combination of having no situational awareness whatsoever, and seemingly having complete morons on your team, who are doing absolutely stupid stuff like diving headfirst into an ongoing carnage while having the flag, or not protecting you when you have the flag. But, seeing as none of them are mandatory to complete, it's not a huge issue.Otherwise, it's got solid arcade gameplay, with arcade physics. The game clearly wants you to pay less attention to driving, and encourages shooting fun. This is best illustrated by Arizona tracks, where you can driveanywherewithout any speed penalty whatsoever: you can wander off the tarmac pretty much all the time and still win the race. It's a shame there are a few annoying issues with the gameplay, otherwise i'd give it a 10.Overall score - 8.5/10So what's my summary? I'd give this game a 9/10 for what it offers, and 8/10 in the grand scheme of things. Aside from a few issues, it pretty much delivers what it sets out to achieve - it's a very well executed, fun arcade full of bad puns and cringeworthy humor. It doesn't quite have the replay value of ""Quake 3 with cars"", nor does it set any milestones in the gaming industry, but seeing how it never had any such aspirations, that's no big deal. Buy this game."
76561198095010698,Recommended,243800,28465275,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,FEAR,Great Game
76561198237833666,Recommended,243800,23091530,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Ark_Angel,Looks really good so far... plenty of fasy paced action...
,Recommended,243800,34585602,Posted: 29 August,all,Inimigor,"This game is amazing, I can't believe it took me this long to finally play it! It's everything I wanted Battle Riders to be, and it's as close as it gets to Twisted Metal without some copyright issues!This game has a few points I wish were a bit better, but still it's a great game, hope to see a second game, because I will be feeling so empty when I finish getting all achievements!"
,Recommended,243800,24402864,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Rex Draco,"I have played a handful of combat racers on the consoles. There is not very many of them on Steam that are very good. Believe me when I say this game is something special.I have played the Mario Kart games, I have played Jak X Combat Racing, I have played a bunch of others that don't really come to mind... I really love this genre. There is a handful of them on Steam, all mediocre or♥♥♥♥♥♥ usually one of the two. There is Post Apocalyptic Mayhem, which is actually okay, there is Zero Gear which is pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥, and then there is that sonic game that's pretty damn good. This one, however, it is great.What makes it unique for its genre, other than not being complete horse♥♥♥♥♥♥AND being on Steam, is the healthy variety of modes. It has racing with or without weapons, it has the mode where last place explodes, there is even a deathmatch arena mode. The game will go through various modes, depending on the playlist, and it's pretty fun.Typically, you race and pick from the start what weapon you wish to use for the rest of the game. While most combat racers have random powerups that contains the weapons through out the race track, this one does not. There is a deathmatch mode where you do pick up weapons, as well probably others. There is A LOT of modes, I just find it strange there isn't one for racing with weapon powerups on the course.The weapons all feel fairly balanced. Some require different skill sets or are very circumstantial. They are pretty diversed, so you have plenty of toys you play with. There is also secondary weapons which are more for placing land mines, oil spills, etc.There is a decent variety of vehicles as well, which is great. You can also customize them a little bit, but you don't have a whole lot of control beyond the solid color they are and the different tires. There is dlc skins, but you cannot change the colors of them which I think is a missed opportunity.Speaking of DLC, this game has it. The DLC isn't half bad to be honest. I am typically anti-DLC because I'm both cheap and poor, but this game doesn't feel too bad. The dlc gives you a handful of stuff, like modes or vehicle skins. The modes are pretty fun, but you might have trouble finding a server that plays them all.Speaking of servers, this game has a good amount of them and, typically, they're all empty. This game is pretty dead or close to it. I go on and see maybe ten people at a time. This is definitely a game you want to get a group of friends to play. You'll come across full lobbies every now and again if you look for it at the right time, but ultimately you're not going to want to count on online with randoms.There is a handful of bugs that my friends have all experienced. Some minimal and then some critical game ruining experiences, like a friend getting stuck inside objects or outside of map. They happen fairly rarely, so I wouldn't take them too deeply into account in how good this game is.The graphics are pretty good, sound track is alright, and it has great controller support. The destruction on the vehicles is pretty good. In fact, you can even notice dints and torn off metal through out your vehicle. It even can lose the whole top, get smashed, etc. The customization is lacking however, as earlier mentioned.Not only do you have limitations on how you can edit your car, you also have limitations on how you edit your character. You have an avatar and the game has you choose a voice for him. The voices are pretty bad and get annoying over time. They're all basically impersonations of various popular characters, such as Arnold Shwartzenagger *spelled wrong, not gonna google* or Duke Nukem. There is another one, forgot what it was. The strange part is, how often they talk and how annoying they are, the other players never at any point hears your character. Why have them at all!?This game was a positive experience and therefore a great buy in my book. My friends and I played it boat loads of times and we will probably play it quite often for a long time, even if we take breaks from it from time to time. I encourage everyone to purchase this game if you're interested in combat racers and have been looking for a good one. The DLC isn't bad either. Fair warning, though... Make sure you run it for 64 bit if you got 64 bit OS.8/10Pros-Great gameplayGood game modes choices.Decent variety of vehicles, weapons, and the likes.Cons-Avatar and vehicle customization is incredibly limited, other players do not hear voices, etc.Bugs and the likes. They are there and you will notice them.Dead online community *shocker*"
,Recommended,243800,22931935,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,wiitennessee,If you like vehicular combat/racing this is very much worth the time.Flatout with some Twisted Metal mixed in.
,Recommended,243800,8593950,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,RunItGodzira!,"i origionally got this game cuz i only had 12$ in my steam wallet and this happened to be on sale for 12$ but holy crap i was really pleasently suprised, gameplay is really addictive and definentaly gets your adrenaline going, plus its got a ton of replay value and the deathmatch and ctf modes r pretty good too, really fun"
,Recommended,243800,28459607,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,staticsnake,"The more mature Mario Kart for adults that you didn't know you needed. I tend to prefer racing games that lean simulation (gran turismo) as opposed to arcade (need for speed), but this is actually a very well put together game. Even the races that have no weapons are a lot of fun. The graphics are great for this kind of game, and it's running on ultra with no issues with only a GTX 1050 Ti and 3.6Ghz Quad-core even streaming to Steam Link (it must be well-programmed).Surprising quality and variety for what seems to be a small studio kind of game. A few minor issues have occurred that a reboot fixed, and it's not ultra-controller friendly, but I got the Steam controller mapped using keyboard controls.Also, blow-up dolls in the passenger seat, chickens, hula-hooping with tires, and Schwarzenegger (when he drinks too much) if you choose that voice setting. The effects during races, crashing, and shooting stuff is cool too. Oh, and the load times seem to be super short compared to a lot of AAA racing games."
,Recommended,243800,24434323,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Tfaltys,"Fun, fast, pretty, simple and full of awesome humour & references to over-the-top action entertainment glory days. Hell it even has duke's voice in it. Zombie dlc is also very much worth getting, its novelty fades fast but it's also unique and a blast the first few times.There are no major flaws but a few minor ones I might point out like:- I experience occasional crashes while browsing my garage or car shop but it's isolated to only then & there;- campaign mode progression can be a bit weird as you have to use certain cars at times and the game doesn't remind you of this- the female commentator voice is disappointing compared to the male one.Great arcade driving game that doesn't consume a lot of time."
76561198020576701,Recommended,243800,7935303,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Cyn0sure,"This combat race car game is fun! And funny, too, with its redneck-dystopian humor. This is the Car Wars (a.k.a. Autoduel) video game I've been looking for, all these years. Okay, so it's not turn-based and tactical as is the Car Wars board game, and there aren't nearly as many options when building/upgrading your cars. But it's close enough to the look and feel of Car Wars. Much closer than I found Twisted Metal to be."
76561198125304429,Recommended,243800,24254794,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Mazacar01,"I was looking for a casual driving game along the lines of Flatout UC or something similar. Got this in the Steam Sale with no great expectation...just hope.My hope was paid in full with this great little title. Lots of agressive, competitive and fun racing...but with GUNS!!Plenty of car/track/weapons variation to keep you amused and coming back for more.Great graphics at this price point and driving physics refined enough to let you feel in control of your chosen vehicle.Also comes with DLC that adds a bit more to an already decent game. If you like the thought of bashing zombies with your car and/or firing some mean weaponry at them this will satisfy.Hope there is a sequel"
,Recommended,243800,9014675,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,it's ya gal Tine,"There are only two words: HELL YEAH.This is vehicular combat at its finest, people. Even the driving itself is extremely solid, but throw some weapons in the mix and things get chaotic fast. It's intense, well-designed and, most importantly, FUN!I picked up the four-pack while on sale and I cannot recommend it enough. It's probably one of the most exciting games I've ever played."
,Recommended,243800,23374812,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Prolapser,"I finished the entire game. Very fun game if you like carnage wreckage driving. This game puts Carmageddon to shame with far better track designs, music compilation, ranking system, purchasing and upgrading vehicles, and overall all-around fun.I will definitely get the DLC."
76561198116311671,Recommended,243800,24319968,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,krafne,Vroom vroom I keel you all
,Recommended,243800,9940329,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Baron ~,"I'm about 7 hours into Gas Guzzlers Extreme as I right this. As a lover of Rogue Trip on PS1 I have been hunting for a game like this for some time. I went through a couple indie games before I got to this one and it's exactly what I was looking for: Cars with guns.The career mode reminds me of Need For Speed Underground 2 in many ways... but with guns. It does take some getting used tot and the default key bindings are rubbish, however once you're up and going and shooting and racing it's a really great game. I love that is has a plethora of ahievments to unlock that actually feel meaningful to get (similar to Counter Strike: Global Offensive). The graphics really are top notch. If you don't have the specs to play this game at max settings you're really missing out on some great stuff.It's challenging and rewarding as a PvP race game. I don't like the Power Race mode (cars WITHOUT guns, boring eh?) and I'm not a massive fan of the Deathmatch/Last Man Standing/Capture The Flag modes either. They are fun to play around in but the lack of a minimap of any description is just killer, it's like playing a FPS game without a radar. It's fun, but it's not as fun as the races.Haven't done a lot of multiplayer just because there aren't really many people playing it as far as I can tell. One thing I like aobut the career mode is that you progress, you upgrade and unlock, you have to think about where and when to spend your money (not that there's a real shortage of it), and that isn't present in multiplayer. All cars are the same and all upgrades are unlocked, which is fun in a sandbox mode kind of way but it is much more satisfying to have earned those things yourself.Would love if I knew some more people playing the game because I think there's a lot of great things to explore and experiment with. No regrets buying the game at all and will certainly continue to play it."
76561198191274090,Recommended,243800,23410560,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,ajacks,"Nice, casual fun driving...Destruction, upgrade..."
76561197989882113,Recommended,243800,10153741,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,99ultra,"Car combat titles have always been my favorite. Carmageddon to Vigilante 8, or Twisted Metal to Full Auto 2 this game earns its place as a strong, action packed vehicular combat video game with a lot of personality, but with surprisingly little storyline. However, don't go in expecting the controls that Twisted Metal would have, this game seems to ditch arcade-like physics for a more realistic approach. One last thing, there's no support for the mouse, all keyboard!"
,Recommended,243800,17558917,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,shrewdlogarithm,"It's a decent racer/vehicle combat game with a (slightly juvenile) sense of humour and a slightly obscure progression system (I just keep racing and get money - that's all I understand)Some of the Deathmatch/CTF open-world stuff isn't really my cuppa (tho it works just fine) but the racing is quite well done - the weapons are 'fair' - whoever designed the cars had an appreciation of cars too!No other game has included a Hillman Hunter - the car which went on to be the first 'Iranian National Car' (the Neykan)Note: the 2nd Iranian National Car - the Peugeot 405 aka Peykan - is sadly missing - DLC perhaps? :)My ONLY complaint jere is it's a massive install (16Gb) and it has some whopping loadtimes (not noticably reduced on an SSD so uncompressed data I guess?) but if you can live with that, it's fully worth the relatively small sum I paid (Steam Sales eh?) :)"
,Recommended,243800,15833600,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Knock Knock it's Knuckles,"If Twisted Metal and Serious Sam had a baby, that baby would be Gas Guzzlers Extreme. Buy it."
,Recommended,243800,8560562,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Purple_storm,"I thourght I give this game a try after watching TotalBiscuit's WTF video of it as well as a review or two and it's one of those games you glad you did pick up.This game first greets you with tongue-in-cheek humour, like having the option of having (a unofficial) Duke Nukem make quirky qoutes whenever you pick up a power-up or destroy a opponent, as well as the descriptions for vehicle upgrades and even small things like a blow-up doll and a marvel head statue packed in the back of a roliant robin look-alike.The vehicles handle as people said they do, they feel weghty, arcadey but not enough where you can make 90-degree turns at top speed, you do have to brake and you satisfyingly drift around courners which doesn't slow the pace of the race, races are constantly speedy and constatnly action packed, you can be shot at from behind and in front as some of the guns are able to shoot forward and backward.This game has great feel, good humour and it's quite pretty as well, in summary this feels like Vigilante 8 mixed with Mario Kart along with the car based destruction of Flatout.This is a exellent arcady racer and I recomend it."
76561198160799542,Recommended,243800,15853365,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Mr Hydro Blowback,"Got this is a Steam sale for £6 with 2 DLC packs and have to say it is a great game and for the money it is well worth it .Lots of cars including a Robin Reliant !!! Complete with blow up doll !! What more do you want !!!Mad max meets Roadblasters if you are old enough to remember those .....This game needs more people online racing so stop reading ,Buy it and join the fun !!"
,Recommended,243800,8416606,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Grim7Reaps,"Twisted Metal meets Vigilante 8, meets Grid.    Awesome soundtrack, vehicle customization, vehicle handling and overall a really fun combat racer; if not the best one I've ever played."
,Recommended,243800,12250632,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Exotherm (Official),"Alright, so after only playing an hour of this game, I am already having a blast. This reminds me of the old days of playing Twisted Metal or something like that with Duke Nukem qoutes and what not. Pretty cool add on, it fits this game really well."
76561197992083855,Recommended,243800,14577995,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Matyvalien,"Awesome race/combat game! tons of modes even more cars and weapons,really fun game never a dull moment."
,Recommended,243800,19703492,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Mapleleafman,easy to recommend this game for under $8 on sale. Racing shootem up and blowem up racer game. win races and kill bonuses and buy better cars and gear keep on racing till you reach the best.Play on win 10 and xbox one controller no problemsjust a fun game play for a couple hours at a time.
76561198112486447,Recommended,243800,12263430,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Derp Fusky,Love the game it's hours of fun!Update: It so much fun I...can't...really...stop...AWESOME!
,Recommended,243800,12249653,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,F_Ash,feels like play vigillante 8 & twisted metal series but without super power.. or maybe like a death race movie..still need some improvement on gameplay.. but i still like the game.. and like the deathmatch a lot..
,Recommended,243800,14647325,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,JBro™,Almost as good as Flatout..... that means this is an EPIC GAME. Got it cheap too. Will not be disappointed. 10/10
,Recommended,243800,14525656,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Dreamphantom_1977,"This game is awesome!! I never heard of it before, but it was on sale on steam so I bought it. Definately worth the money, one of the funnest arcade style racers ive ever played. Great graphics, upgradeable cars, fast pace, multiplayer, good handling."
76561197972602238,Recommended,243800,12253988,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Frosted Buttz,"UPDATE:  The game ended up not being compatible with the latest Nvidia drivers for my 760M.  Installing older drivers did the trick.  Of note, the devs were not able to figure this out, and I ended up solving the problem through 5 days off and on of trying to diagnose the problem myself.Now that I can play, the game is very enjoyable and I'd recommend it.---------------------------------The game looks amazing and everything I'm looking for in a racing/combat genre.HOWEVER:  I've been trying to work through multiple channels to include the devs directly for almost a week now and the game will not even work on my high-end laptop...The suspected problem is extremely poor coding for mobile dedicated graphics cards, I would love to give this game a better review, but it would be nice to ACTUALLY BE ABLE TO PLAY IT."
76561198030873059,Recommended,243800,12338066,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Zkyknight,"The games awesome great graphics, great gameplay and is easily addicting, it is exactly what i thought a cars with guns game to be like."
76561197982324539,Recommended,243800,8595740,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Mr.Wu,1/2 DeatRace and 1/2 Shift = Gas Guzzlers ExtremeIts like u play Dirt 3 with a little bit of KAAAAWUUUUUUUMMMM.9 of 10
76561198257153331,Recommended,243800,24320401,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,gabefigueroa59,"Before i played this game i was a liottle worried that it was going to be the average racing game. I must now say that i was completely wrong about this game. It is in one wor ""Amazing!"". I literally could play this game for hours and never be bored once. I highly recommend this game to lovers of the twisted metal franchise."
,Recommended,243800,30269130,Posted: 1 March,all,Cumlord Von JismBlaster,"I really like this game. The game modes are well rounded, it looks great, and the satisfaction of dusting someone else well miniguns is AWESOME. Over the top humor from the voice actors really helps make it entertaining as possible. TRY IT, TRY IT NOW."
,Recommended,243800,29498087,Posted: 26 January,all,Spicy,pretty cool but gets really repetitive
,Recommended,243800,8685270,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,TouchMyButt,"Ok, this game is just fun. I would like to see our whole group pick this out. I think it would get VERY LOUD on teamspeak!!!! ROFL :P"
,Recommended,243800,9508673,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,AK-58,"Well, The best way to put it is 'Flatout, but with guns instead of the windshield cannon thing'.The gameplay is fun, and you have the option of racing with or without guns, or playing a small number of arena modes. Getting a kill in a race is incredibly satisfying, mostly because when someone dies in a race they are COMPLETELY out of the race. If you can ram them hard enough, you can even kill opponents in races that don't have guns, and there's even an achievement for it. Sadly, the weapon classes are limited to shotguns, miniguns, and rocket launchers. The good news is that there is some good variety within each weapon class. There's plenty of vehicles available, including a Reliant Robin and a DeLorean, and all vehicles can be upgraded (however, some vehicles can be upgraded further than others). The vehicles seem to just scale though, and it's more a case of 'what's better' instead of 'what would work best for me', which is a bit dissapointing. You can also choose from 4 sets of voiceovers for your driver, 3 of which that are silly, and 1 that is just Duke Nukem (possibly unlicensed, but I don't care). The sponsor system is cool; you can only have one sponsor at once, you only get bonus money from your sponsor if you have the sponsor's decal equipped, and sponsors might abandon you if your performance gets sloppy. Sponsors will also invite you to special sponsor team events where you are given a car and a weapon, and you are put on a team led by your sponsor with the objective of defeating a team led by a rival sponsor, with a sizable cash payout if your team wins. Standard career events are randomly generated based on what tracks and gamemodes you have unlocked, with optional secondary objectives that offer bonus cash if you complete them. The game's humor is good, and it's crude, but not completely tasteless, with subtle refrences in all sorts of places.This game made me realise that Full Auto 2 would have been more than just mediocre if it was more like Flatout 2.It's a good thing FA2 and FO2 got drunk at a party and woke up next to each other without pants."
76561198018910266,Recommended,243800,22860663,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Spirit of Madness,"Very fun and interesting game, it has cars, guns and stuff to run over. The game surprises you all the time."
76561198070627648,Recommended,243800,28501550,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Skinah,"Great game that is a lot of fun that is similar to a very old game called Deathtrack that I used to love and similar ideas to the more recent movies of the same name. Been waiting a long time for a game that lives up to Deathtrack and this game does it with far better graphics. Mario Kart is similar in some ways but does not allow you to buy better cars and upgrade them with better parts and weapons like this game does. Game has rewards for taking out other players, mines and smoke screens on top of the shoot em up side to keep the race challenging. Only major complaint is capture the flag is not obvious where you are meant to go once you have the flag, hopefully an update makes it clearer. Game loads very quick and runs on my old GTS260 GPU so the engine is well written. Love how quick it is to get back racing again if you are killed. Used the free demo for less than an hour before I wanted the game. In campaign mode the weapons, new trakcs, upgrades and cars are unlocked if you place in the top 3 of a race.... Buy the game as shoot em up car racing games are not very common and it would be great to see more titles in this Genre. Best game of its type in a very very long time."
,Recommended,243800,34094827,Posted: 7 August,all,Sticz,Overall impression: Fun car combatStats:Voice-acting/Sound; 9/10Story; 10/10Gameplay; 10/10Adventure; 10/10Graphics; 10/10.Objective View: Car combat/racing with vehicle configuration. Contains both track racing and open environment combat.Subjective View: A lot of fun with different weapons systems and vehicles. Maps are different and there are many different types of events to choose from.
,Recommended,243800,8604014,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,forK|tg.Ja~S,"A racing game spiced up with guns and rocket launchers... very addictive, fun to play and time well spent both in single and multiplayer modes."
,Recommended,243800,8683510,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Robi-Wan,"You loved Flatout 1 and 2. You loved Carmageddon. You always liked the concept of cars with weapons.Put that in a blender and you get this brillant game, Gas Guzzlers Extreme.First of all, holy crap what a lot of game modes and possibilities in one rather unknown game. Customizable cars (even in multiplayer!), a hell lot of tracks and maps and go on.Now the game can have this all and fail. But it does not. This is action filled racing and killing. The controls are really arcade; most like you should expect of such a game. It still is hard to get proper control; you have to defend yourself against other drivers, while attacking them and still racing.Now what does your car have beside well... being a car?You'll be fitted with two sorts of weapons. First of all, one type of gun will be fitted on the car. You may choose it depending on the game mode, and you can't change this in the race. You can only pick up extra ammo for it.Second there are special weapons you can pick up during the race, a bit like in Blur. Think in mines, spilling oil, smoke and extra boost.Talking about boost; your car has it. It is earned through various ways, as in these pick ups, and well not driving so clean; hitting other cars, powerslides, destroying stuff that is in your way and more.The graphics are just good. Nothing extraordinary, but neither is it ♥♥♥♥♥♥. Same for the AI.The game itself is one of the most perfect racing multiplayer games in its sorts. It really is one of the most fun games to play along with others. A bit like Mario Kart really; the misery of others is what makes it fun.So, without a doubt recommended."
76561197970482328,Recommended,243800,24362842,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,fjk1138,"Awesome racing game with car combat and vehicular destruction.  Graphics are excellent, and it sounds killer.  My favorite racing game to date.  The punny competing racer names made me laugh."
76561198016113644,Recommended,243800,8671909,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,gf,"Adrenaline packed, no nonsense, full thottle, race 'til you die car game! Love it! Plays well with xbox/ps style hand controls (no steering wheel nessasery). A joystick would probably work well also."
,Recommended,243800,8641301,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Jify,"After playing through about 70% of the single player this game seems fun, I can see how the end game does get better with more action/unlocks. Good gun progression, decent map variations and game modes. If you're into this type of game, I would recommend it.Brings back the Twisted Metal memories!"
,Recommended,243800,22755546,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,firstKimus,I love this game and it works great with my fanatec wheel and pedals. I hope they do another or at least some more DLC.
,Recommended,243800,9434947,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,The Fapman,"What other game is out there that has beautiful graphics even at low settings, well designed combat, nice real life look alikes of the cars, and get to have a voice over of Arnold Schwarzenegger?"
,Recommended,243800,9537338,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,pootis vuitton,♥♥♥♥ing fun
,Recommended,243800,28091560,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,「Anzu」 [currently inactive],"""THERE CAN BE ONLY ONE!""- The Demoman from Team Fortress 2.one of the most addicting games i've ever played, it's mad fun just to shoot people with many different weapons and the powerups make things interesting, and when all else fails, just use your car as a battering ram. then when your tired of all that, just do powerup races, which forces you to leave your weapons back at the shop and use just your car and powerups to destroy the competition.there's also a healthy amount of cars (and 3 extra with both DLC) the customization is a bit bare bones, but still nice anyways and the humour is ...uniqueyou can also set your characters voice to DUKE OR THE TERMINATOR! (and also an angry scottish fellow.)personally, i think $25 is a slight bit too far up the hill. so instead i highly recommend picking this up when it's on sale."
76561198118495615,Recommended,243800,33834840,Posted: 27 July,all,Nate Sharkbait,Verry fun game. I got it for myself and 3 others Havent tryed the DLC but i own it as well. This game reminds me a lot of Twisted Metal witch is something that speacks to my kid side. I dont have anything bad to say about the game so im just going to give it a 9.4 out of 10 and play some more. lol Hope you enjoy it as much as i am.
,Recommended,243800,31678780,Posted: 11 May,all,XGaming Pro,game is fun especially with friends
,Recommended,243800,24399276,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Deranger[FI],"Otherwise, I'd give 9/10, but have to settle for a solid 5/7 so far, keeps on crashing on me :/Geforce 770 Ti, Phenom x4 940BE, asus mobo, 8Gb RAM running on Win7.Dunno what's the cause. Updated drivers and everything. Otherwise a great game.BUY IT, especially if you can catch it on sale."
,Recommended,243800,24793811,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Capone,"*Full combat race.*Goodl visual, Great effects.*Able to upgrade your car, your weapon.*Nice sounds."
76561198071529770,Recommended,243800,28540972,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,TRIPnTHRASH,"This game is totally awesome I bought it a couple days ago and can't put it down. In the campaign mode you compete in death races and demolition derbies to earn cash to customize your cars and buy new weapons and upgrades. There's also a heavy metal soundtrack and a DLC pack where you mow down hordes of zombies. It looks nice and you can play it with a controller to make it more comfortable. If you like fast cars, loud guitars, smashing things, shooting things, or running over things you should totally buy this."
76561197967427995,Recommended,243800,10168256,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Mista Jhay™,"Very good game, gametracks are a lot of fun.Must have for the battle race gamer, nice snce of humor in it.The variety of tracks and game modes , makes it a realy fun game to play and doesn'tget boring fast and in multiplayer it is even more fun."
76561198122932291,Recommended,243800,11174572,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Voices of the Viper,"This game is a true hidden gem. Take games from the past like Road Rash & Twisted Metal and even Mario Kart with machine guns! Then take heavy metal music and mix them all together and you get Gas Guzzlers Extreme. The graphics are pretty good, but the chaos and action make this game all worth the while. I use my Logitech G27 wheel and it works great with the game. There is a good amount of customization for your cars kind of similar to the Grid Series. I played the demo of this game and after a couple races i purchased it.The only set back right now is not a lot of people playing it online yet, I think this will change thou!If you enjoy chaos, destruction, and high speeds you will love this game!!!"
76561198029695631,Recommended,243800,13424134,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,wcspr,"I bought this assuming the term ""multiplayer"" included splitscreen co-op on the same PC (bringing a friend over to play, oldschool style).. what a dissapointment to find that it was limited-multiplayer (online server only). Still a good game to play solo, just pass the controller after ""your"" turn."
76561198040229366,Recommended,243800,12589231,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Zoeymithra,"This is probably the most fun racing game I've played yet.   It has replaced Grand Tourismo 3 A-spec as my favorite racing game, and that was a game that I got 100% gold on all races and tests.    The controls of GGE are sublime.  At first a seasoned racer might think the controls are a little simple, and that the simulation is not realistic, but this completely falls by the wayside as the game increases in complexity and speed.   When you start getting the faster cars, and onto the harder tracks, the game assumes an incredible speed, and you begin to be amazed and start thinking things like ""did I really just pull that off?!""   All in all, this game sets the standard for a Car Wars road racing video game.   There is no other game better.  The game also as an incredible amount of songs.  The game is light hearted and all the cars, upgrades, race tracks and gameplay are whacky jokes.   For example a M3 BMW is a ""Bummer 3M""  And a Shelby GT500 is a ""Lord Shaggy 500 JT""    Recently I've tried some other racing games, and frankly the ""learning curve"" on the controls has been tedious and annoying.   I put that in quotes because I know how to drive a car fast, and I've been playing racing games for a long long time.  A game should be good enough that you're not fighting against the controls.   GGE delivers, the controls are sublime."
76561198121234104,Recommended,243800,9808429,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,AndrewJLR,This game is awesome because you can shoot a other racers and you can play online too with other people around the globe.
76561197988299389,Recommended,243800,8583054,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Gandr,Flat Out meets CarWars!  Nuff said!
76561197977450461,Recommended,243800,8765038,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,EUdaD,"Part 1.Interstate '76 vehicular combat combined with Flatout 2 racing and destruction includingdedicated serversupport for explosive LAN gaming with your buds! You dig?Part 2.The Singleplayer experience, in a nutshell, is a repetative leaderboard climb with recycled challenges... although includes a great variety of tracks."
76561198085775950,Recommended,243800,33781369,Posted: 25 July,all,Slyelement,"this game is GREAT!i bought it a year ago and played it with allot of fun!After finnishing the game i bought the DLC... and whoaaah that's allot of fun, especially the Zombie/monster stuff!Buy play and have fun!"
,Recommended,243800,9514318,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,LuciferCGF,This is a great game
76561198087879995,Recommended,243800,27106323,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Plasma,"Absolutely love this game so fun and good for abit of time wasting , can just sit down zone out and kill for ages ! :D Would reccomend it to everyone who loves explosions and mayhem :P"
76561198012245691,Recommended,243800,10096422,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Sparrow,"This game reminds me a lot of the old Ratbag DIRT TRACK RACING series of driving simulations, at least in terms of improving your vehicle and as well the general feel of the car handling.  The automobiles come in tiers and I've just started the second tier of vehicles, so I anticipate faster, better handling vehices as a I advance.The addition of weapons and power-ups really add a lot of interest to the game.  Cars can simply be knocked off the road by ramming or firepower, or you can spend a bit of time and destroy an opponent.  It is a bit of trade off as you might sacrifice too much of your position in the race to win it if you spend too much time fragging the slower vehicles.It is a fun game and still being developed (DLC released today)"
,Recommended,243800,16395036,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Froggy Yoga Instructor,"Literally the best car combat game I have ever had the pleasure of experiencing. The Graphics are absolutely stop notch, the weapons, cars and tracks are many and varied, the AI is fun and sometimes brutal, and the game is just utter brilliance that blows many car combat games out of the water. Please do yourselves a favor and get this game cause its a masterpiece of a game :)"
76561198067330795,Recommended,243800,10726168,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,24,"great game!You've got cool cars, big guns and some great rock music! Duke Nukem would be proud of this game ^^9/10 cause sometimes the game crashes and you have to restart it... but that case is an exception."
76561198276956319,Recommended,243800,22623588,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,doug_reay,"This game is great, just buy it. you won't be disappointed"
76561198080081478,Recommended,243800,9699180,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,THE KING,this game is great fun easy to learn to drive and shoot
76561198177051763,Recommended,243800,25957879,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Ivekus,Excellent! Remembers me Twisted Metal.. excellent gameplay and much fun..
76561197971653503,Recommended,243800,14601273,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Patsy-Kensit,"Easy to agree with all the reviews here. This game is a lot of fun. It's driving models do the job and are very enjoyable to race and battle it out - especially the wide open tracks. Multiplater is where this really comes alive. Play with us here:http://steamcommunity.com/groups/GGExtreme_MP_GroupI'd love more nuanced handling, better damage models and more server options - but in the meantime this will do nicely. There's not enough vehicular combat games... support this one and there might be a third installment from the brilliant Gamepires [well done guys]. (How about some mission based gameplay?)It's only £4.74 on Steam right now!"
76561198013765207,Recommended,243800,11671353,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,nniowa,this is the coolest game wish that it had some more lavels
,Recommended,243800,10173881,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,🅷🅸🆁🅾🅽,I highly recommend.
76561198006541362,Recommended,243800,16828023,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,stranger1982,"A fun and over the top combat racing game with frantic gameplay, pervasive humour and a good amount of content.PROS:-pretty good graphics with decent effects and tons of explosions whenever combat starts: cars also show damage and deform appropriately when hit-a good rock soundtrack that perfectly complements the action-you can choose a Duke Nukem voice for your pilot-easy to pick up gameplay provides immediate fun-well made career progression sees you slowly advance to higher tournament levels-several different game modes to choose from like normal races, battle races (where you can use weapons), deatmatch, capture the flag etc-overall great track design-lots of cars, upgrades, weapons and tracks to unlock as you win-race pickups (like shield, mines, smoke) add even more means to annoy and damage your opponents-a good amount of customization to each car thanks to rims, stickers and ability to change paint colour-the pervasive humour is pretty funny overall whether it's pilot names, upgrades descriptions or ingame messagesCONS:-AI rubberbanding during races can get a bit annoying-a couple tracks are less inspired than others-multiplayer is sadly emptyhttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=471048899Gas Guzzlers eschews a story in favour of immediate, silly and ultimately enjoyable gameplay that basically sees you laying waste to the opposition with whichever weapon you prefer while trying to overtake those who survive: it's simple, it doesn't take itself seriously but it works, and it works well.Considering the combat racing game genre is pretty rare on Steam Gas Guzzlers is a truly welcome addition: while not overly original it has enough going for it to merit a full recommendation by me, especially considering you can get the whole package for 4$ durring sales."
,Recommended,243800,20739037,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,next person to mention victoria,totally not Full Auto. 8/10
,Recommended,243800,10118619,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,lol?,"Wow. This game is incredible for a quick online or offline bash :) Nice range of cars, heaps of tracks and gamemodes will give you hours upon hours of fun :DMake sure your friends get a copy too, because it is super fun blowing the living daylights out of them :DThe graphics are very nice, bright, and clear which makes it really fun to play. Cars handle great... you can literally jump in and drive without crashing the first time.10/10, would buy again :)"
,Recommended,243800,13106977,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Reclinerhead,Best racing combat game on Steam!
,Recommended,243800,7872914,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,I See Starz,So much for Twisted metal! I really enjoy playing this the graphics are amazing the gameplay is flawless and most of all the controls are fabolous. First of all I will admit that I was skeptical at first on buying this because I didn't know what to expect. Thank goodness they had a option for a demo and I gave it a go and just simply loved it.Everyone has different taste but this was well worth the 50% off sales event.
76561198072875915,Recommended,243800,7938308,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,GamingRacerHD,Brailliant Graphics!
,Recommended,243800,17379978,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,ChoGGi,"Very very fun!online servers are usually empty thoughmore popular on the Europe side, so try late night if in NAadd me if you play, always happy to join inPS if you race ^FuN^ DreeMax online then make the assumption you've lost"
76561198024289450,Recommended,243800,8707177,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,00100100,Big Boy Mario Cart!
,Recommended,243800,24392629,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,ATA,awesome game and good shooter and good race game biyach
,Recommended,243800,33095751,Posted: 1 July,all,SAUCEMASTER3000,"came for the death race style action, stayed for the full length jfk moon speech on the garage radio"
76561198037834509,Recommended,243800,14595651,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Old Timer,"At less than $10 for the game and the first DLC on sale, I couldn't see how I could go wrong.  The campaign took a little over 10 hours to complete, then I tried out the multiplayer as well.  Not too many people were online, I was on pretty late, but I was still able to join games.The GoodCars racing with Machine Guns, Rocket Launcers, Grenades, Mines and Smoke ScreenGood variety of tracksGood controls with controller supportFunThe BadWith the short campaign you finish and are left wondering...what's the purpose now?For just plain racing there are better games out thereAll the cars basically feel the sameSo for what it is, it is fun.  But you are left wanting so much more.  Mostly around customization.  Should have different chassis, different wight limits that affect speed and performance, the ability to mount mutliple weapons for front or rear.  A few updates could really make this game stand out, but as is it just falls a little short.Great game at the sale price.Single Player 6/10Multiplayer TBD"
,Recommended,243800,8497278,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Kawaii_Biax,Good GraphicMany tracks to driveGood rock-guitar musics
,Recommended,243800,15855295,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Summertimo Sadness,What can I say? It's actually a lot of fun! A modern take on Have a N.I.C.E. day!
,Recommended,243800,13185324,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,uwduus,Awsome game.unreal tournament on 4 wheels.Epic :P
,Recommended,243800,14652048,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,retakrew7,"I simply cannot recommend this game too much.You get a dedicated server launcher with it, which works flawlessly (only thing to remember is to not start it through steam).The AI is the best I have ever experienced within a racing game, the bots are really cunning and evil when using weapons.So much fun even in single player."
,Recommended,243800,18239137,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,DOOMJESUS,"good game for the money, especially if it's on discount. it's the only working deathrace i know of on steam at this moment. and running over zombies is fun."
76561198015612021,Recommended,243800,12259354,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Hotrod,awesome fun game
76561197994666078,Recommended,243800,8580365,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,wardcm5,I love this game
,Recommended,243800,35397436,Posted: 1 October,all,Burrowl,Good racing car game with GUNS! :]
,Recommended,243800,13344656,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,IceFox,"I bought this on sale during the Black Friday sale and it's deserving of the $25 price. Maybe even a bit under priced. Really great hi-octane action-packed fun. And yeah, that's just the racing part of it. There's also guns, rocket launches, bombs, etc... c:Games just aren't made like this today. Games with the sole purpose to have fun.I could give a really long in-depth review, but there's really nothing else to say. The videos and screenshots on the store page show exactly what you get. Nothing but fun.EDIT: Apparently this game is on the weekly Humble bundle right now. (December 13, 2014) I highly recommend you go get it for the steal price of less than $4 right now."
76561198106604660,Not Recommended,243800,17305508,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,derdarm,"Actually it is 50/50 game. It got cars and gunz, is should be fun! Yes ? Nooo! Unfortunately it's booring. Cars look similar and handles identically. There are few useless upgrades.  Nothing stands out."
,Recommended,243800,8554555,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Darkin20,"Basically a good flatout game with guns.I've been playing only the single player and am really loving it. More than Forza 5. Controls are fluid, weapons and cars are plentiful and fun to use."
76561197975429438,Recommended,243800,33785510,Posted: 25 July,all,lєรร tђคภ lєtђคl,"This game is well worth it on sale and if I had known what I was missing out on I would've paid full price. For the ones who don't think it has controller support, all you have to do is bind the buttons you want to use in the settings, they are left blank by default."
,Recommended,243800,8401177,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Robot Hobo,"Gas Guzzlers feels like a modern version of the classic PC racer Death Rally. Fun racing, check. Weapons, check. Upgrades, check. Vaguely post-apocalyptic setting I guess, check. Random Duke Nukem appearance for no real reason, check. It's a lot of fun, has excellent handling and physics, the AI is competent without any noticable rubber-banding effects. It's pretty, sounds good, and controls perfectly.Instead of ruined opponents disappearing when they explode, their cars become firey wreckages, tumbling across the track until they come to rest and continue to burn and get in the way for the rest of the race. Smoke and dust effects are nice, and actually feel like a proper hazard when they should. It has so many nice little touches and bits of polish like that, I can't recommend it enough."
,Recommended,243800,24395041,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Kaiser SaySo,"I think there might be a glitch  with this game/Steam so it doesn't accurately clock up the hours I've spent on it, as I'm pretty sure I've played more than the ""5.5 hrs on record"" as stated at the time of writing. Other than that, this game is fine and the update has helped improve the loading time, which would have been my only other moan.If you like the Driver/Shooter hybrid-genre, then get it."
,Recommended,243800,25826463,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Slayer,"Many of the games that have come out the last few years, have all focused on two different things; the graphics and how challenging the game is. But not many people make a game that is just fun anymore. Gas Guzzlers Extreme doesnt have the greatest graphics or is the most challenging game on the market, but what is does have is good controls, fun attmosphere, and an amazing ability to make you just want to keep playing and keep playing for hours. Many of the bigger games lose the just ""fun factor"", however, I feel and believe that Gas Guzzlers have found the right amount of challenge, good graphics, and fun to make this game addicting to all gamers, weither they be noobs or vets, this game is for all."
,Recommended,243800,26222461,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Simon.C,"funny game, still need to imporve graphic likes need for speed or Fizoria 3"
,Recommended,243800,28083514,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Harvey,Awesome oldschool multiplayer fun that works in LAN-mode!
76561198044612182,Recommended,243800,32524175,Posted: 17 June,all,EziQtoR,really fun game the only problem is that the servers are kinda dead but as long as you got friends to play its legit-battleracing-deathmatch-capture the flagbest types of games
,Recommended,243800,10230046,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Fuse,"Ok so this is unusual racing game,you drive and shoot vehicles wich i find very amusing,you have 3 type of races wich is great,you can compete till the end of the race or you can finish it sooner by killing the others,it has an awsome multiplayer,really easy matchmaking,there is lots of servers,game runs smothly and it is great,i definetely recomend it,its a great killin time game,im usually an fps type of gamer so i find this new and great fun!!"
,Recommended,243800,11459669,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Player_1_(Viper),"Rock & roll, baby!I was waiting for something that can replace ""Twisted Metal"" on PC somehow! That's it: turboracing where goal is not necessarily drive 1st but to BURN-SMASH-BLOW-DESTROY EVERYONE IN PIECES!11Hot rockets, swarming chainguns, deadly mines & stuff - all that we love in those type of games!Last time I was happy about redneck-racing fun is when FlatOut 2 came out.Destruction derby? Pack it up, DLC!Anyway, the graphics are good, the sound is nice, music = ROCK&ROLL alternative. What else do you need? Couple of friends, gamepads or stable internet connection and you're ready to drive!So lock and load and chew bubble gum [with voice of Duke Nukem]!"
,Recommended,243800,9102586,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Jmt660,"This is one of the best racing games I have ever played. Although I am not a huge fan of racing games this is a very fun, well made game. But you might lag without a decent computer."
,Recommended,243800,31425933,Posted: 28 April,all,ChrisBalderst0n,"Feels kinda similar to Twister Metal games to me, but less cartoony driving (?). Rreally fun destructive racing and other car events!"
76561198132985932,Recommended,243800,33941286,Posted: 31 July,all,Andrew_WOT,"The game is only getting better and better, DX11 update fixed a lot of old issues.Perfect blend of Flatout and Blur. Graphics is quite modern too, much better game overall than recently released Flatout 4."
,Recommended,243800,22505173,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,honeyflowingvein,"I've only just started playing this and I already love it. Addictive and funny... its already cracked me up about fifty times. Bloody awesome. Not a helpful review in the slightest, I know, but its definitly worth a go."
,Recommended,243800,22546365,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Sleek,"Definitely satisfied the urge for a good modern combat racing game. Don't know why there are those complaining about the handling, its not really that difficult just learn to drive."
,Recommended,243800,24472490,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,=DI= LoudTango,"The first i saw the game i thought it ""Luke Likesheet"" somekind ""Otto Mobile"" carnage game, then i encourage get it from steam sale, i bought 4 packs and distribute to all my friends to play multi.First time play the game, tell my self what a ""Stu Pitt"" decision i make, i choose this Mr Bean's rival 3 wheeled can, spent most of the time ""Seymour Butz"" and shooting desperately with ""Max E. Mumm"" effort my opponent's♥♥♥♥♥ becasue my gun is somekind of ""Izzy Cumming"" device that i always run out of ammo before i triger the gun. Get ""Perry Noid"" when anyone get behind me, swearing and yelled ""Lee Mealone"" until my wife slap my head and told me to stop playing game and get things done instead, i just hoping whoever on my back to ""Van Quish"".Wake up in the morning like an ""Al Kaholic"" can't believe i got to work and wishper to my PC and my cheap china made 3 in 1 wheel controller ""Al Beback""!, at the office wishing time passing faster i tell my self ""Tai Mi Shu"" ""Gus Gussler"" i want to play it so bad .. why i don't get it since long time ago? now i write this review wishing more of my friends play together and hoping ""Som Dum Guy"" blow my friend's car then laugh.. then hunt this funny names ai :Bjorn ToulouseYuri DiculousJerry AtrickMick StupLuke WarmLou BriccantMary JuanaJed I. KnightHaka Lue GieTom KattHeinrich ManeuverLynn MeabuckPepe RoniHarry ApeRobin BanksHugh MungusSam UraiKent CookJacque StrapVictor E. LaneDoug GravesHu Flung DungWillie B. LongSy PhilusTy KwandoHarry KnoklesShlomo SectshualJawana DieKen U. SeemeeThe Stig"
76561197970917881,Recommended,243800,31449727,Posted: 29 April,all,exhumed,"I like the new more realistic graphics, but I also kinda miss driving around with heavy weighters like Bowser and Donkey Kong."
,Recommended,243800,24680392,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,twitch.tv/Parabellum1775,Great game with great replay....got it on sale but worth the $25 price tag. Wish more people played it.If I had to gripe about something...wish for more weapon options and that the multiplayer rank meant something.
76561198115688810,Recommended,243800,31746766,Posted: 14 May,all,Uni Ball,"HAHA lmao one of the bonus points is kill hugh mungus with a smash lol. great game, ive been playing heaps lately. good variety of guns and cars and customisation. the only thing is the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥garage music is real♥♥♥♥♥♥♥annoying. but awesome game though, i reccomend anyone getting it"
,Recommended,243800,8411354,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Erbkaiser,"An excellent update of the old school vehicle combat genre. Gas Guzzlers plays beautifully, and has great graphics to boot.The character voices are also fun, I especially like the Duke Nukem inspired one.However, it cannot justify its full price. This is a game you play for an hour or two, then do something else. Sure I will come back to this, but it's not a 20+ game for me. Perfect to pick up though whenever it goes on a good discount!"
76561198025216967,Recommended,243800,16979186,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Kaesar,"Hands down one of, if not THE BEST combat racing game I've ever played.The graphics are gorgeousThe sound effects (Weapon and engine sounds) are amazing.The ability to upgrade your car is awesome,The AI is pretty brutal.There are a few annoying things, but over-all they're very minor and doesn't distract from the game much. I would give this a VERY STRONG recommendation if you were a fan of Twisted Metal and the like back in the day."
,Recommended,243800,23111129,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Ashton,This game is so good it'll blow your♥♥♥♥♥♥off 11/10
,Recommended,243800,14551900,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,vilim,"The more I play, the more fun this game provides :D Weapons are very interesting and fun, cars are wild, and now the zombies are just waiting to be crushed :)"
,Recommended,243800,10099598,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Phoenix_Blade,"amazing game, great graphics, and all around fun demo durby racing game!"
,Recommended,243800,11228179,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Tubal_Cain,If you love driving and shooting things buy this now! This game is ridiculously awesome. I bought it after reading other reviews and it is exactly as they said. Driving fast cars + adding guns to them is a genius idea. I got bored of trying to follow the career and found an online cheat code to unlock everything and it didn't detract from my game experience. My only disappointment is there is not enough track venues in it otherwise it is near perfect
76561198039467406,Recommended,243800,16489013,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,NineCities,This is the game i always wanted as a kid ... Serious Fun!i am SO glad i bought this AND it was 75% off!I recommend this mayhem for EVERYONE!
,Recommended,243800,10701723,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,zwan,"I recommend the game just for the multiplayer mode alone.There's nothing like smashing into your opponents at high speed and blowing them up with a well-placed shotgun blast!Deathmatch and Team Deathmatch are the best, so much fun!"
76561198086466233,Recommended,243800,9711690,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Taco Meat,"Fun game, good for multiplayer, bought it when it was on sale."
76561198038078058,Recommended,243800,18488227,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,adsilcott,"I tacked this onto another purcase since it was on sale and sounded interesting-- I ended up playing this for way longer than the other purcase! It's actually some of the most fun I've had in an arcade racer in a while!What really impresses me is that all of the racing modes works really well, and switching between them keeps the game interesting. You can ditch the weapons and just race (with only pick-ups like smoke and oil slicks), or race with weapons, or really emphasize the weapons in an eliination race. But you can also ditch the race all together and do free for all team battles, including capture the flag. The free-roaming game modes gave me some flashbacks to the good old Twisted Metal days. Although this game isn't as over the top, that's still high praise.The game's got some humor, great graphics, lots to do, excellent controls, and the races feel balanced enough to be intense and challenging but fair.At this point I would have been happy to buy it for full price. Recommended!"
,Recommended,243800,10140540,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,WARSHADO,"This game is fantastic and very underrated! Think NFS: Hot Pursuit made sweet sweet love to Full Auto and you have a very fun combat racer!Includes deathmatch arenas, battle racing as well as non-weapon races. The announcers are also a blast from the past such as Duke Nukem, Unreal tournment shouts and Arnold Schwarzenegger!"
76561198045536417,Recommended,243800,16420610,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,long_haired_fungus,"Have been looking for a fun car carnage style game for a while. Played next car game: wreckfest, was dissapointed. Played the new Carmageddon and it is fun, but was missing something. Turns out that what Carmageddon was missing was nice visuals, better control of cars and lastly ... shotguns and rocket launchers.The different modes offer a bit of replayability. If you just want to straight up race in super cars, you can. If you want to blow stuff up with a grenade launcher in a reliant robin, you can. The zombies DLC adds another reason to buy this aswell. Waves of zombies, cars, guns and power ups. great stuff."
,Recommended,243800,10049819,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Echémythos,"7/10Pros:-Intense car combat that has you run around the map picking up powerups, weapons and repair kits then blasting your opponents to bits ala arena shooters like Unreal Tournament.-Satisfying and accessible arcade handling model that still requires finesse to master.-Many tracks with reverse variant across a large variety of environments.-Maps have good layouts and powerups are placed well.-Good amount of cars modeled after their real life counterparts.-Many unique weapons to choose from.-Good postfx (e.g. when hit with a heavy weapon, the screen turns grayscale and depth of field is applied).-Good damage modeling.-Challenging especially when set on higher difficulty settings,Cons:-Campaign is quite shallow.-AI rubberbands too much.-Graphics are a little outdated.-Online is (mostly) dead.Overall, it is a good old-school style car combat/racing game but it lacks depth to have lasting appeal."
76561197961448101,Recommended,243800,15050486,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Originalgamer13,"Acctually incredibly fun!  at first glance it looks cheap. but its totally sweet. good graphics, supports controller (whomever is still using keyboard and mouse is so archaic)ya drive around and blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up. kudos for this developer!"
,Recommended,243800,15903966,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Xaikus,"I am not really a racing fan and my favorite racing genre is demolition derby and combat racing to be exact however its been a long time since I had played one (way back the PS1 era). This game contains all the things that I want in a racing genre: zombies (DLC required), demolition derby, solo and team combat racingPros:+Developers are active in steam forums which is extremely rare to find base on personal experience+Contains all or at least most elements of combat racing (Demolition Racing, Power Race, Team and Solo Combat Racing and even zombies if you buy the DLC)+The game is user friendly in terms of difficulty and it is adjustable just in case you have difficulty playing with harder AI+AI is skilled and can offer challenge in harder difficulties+A lot of tracks to choose from+The number of vehicles available seems fine (but I want more)+A lot of weapons to choose from+A lot of game modes to choose from+Specs for this game is not highCons:-The player needs to finish some parts of the campaign to unlock some vehicles, skins, parts and tracks-Demolition derby mode seem to lack some flavor to the game like adding real ""banger"" themed vehicles which are really meant for such game modeConclusion:This game is a must have for those players who are into combat racing because it offers a lot of game modes than most racing game I know for PC which makes this game less boring in the long run. This game is worth every penny and a steal if you managed to buy it on sale."
,Recommended,243800,21940551,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Hero Acer,Good and addictive racing game so far.
76561198053936330,Recommended,243800,9423530,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,evstream,"Awesome hidden gem of a game. Similar to Interstate'76, but with beautiful graphics."
,Recommended,243800,17878967,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,StickyHamster,"Better than Mad Max, you actually spend your time driving and fighting from cars, and it won't set you back $60."
76561198037011394,Recommended,243800,11345849,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,(T NL) Johan,I like this game !.
76561198133092985,Recommended,243800,11523347,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,SFRSniper94,Amazing game. Just really good fun and amazing gameplay from a low budget game. Would buy a sequel if they make one. Top Game. Just needs more players to notice and play it
76561197963476665,Recommended,243800,15840793,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Eskimo,"I haven't had the time to play this game for more that an hour or so, but so far i'm liking what I see. This game is childish and intense. There is always something going on, ""so, you are in the first place ey, well, guess you didn't see that invisible car with the roof-mounted missiles"". This is like all those old fps car games like vigilant 8 and so on, mashed together with some mariocart-ish power-ups. Throw in some bad and sleazy comments, and i'm sold. I bought the game during this weekend sale. It's worth every penny.It's my way or the, well, it's only my way."
,Recommended,243800,16777189,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,C.Q.C.|Rambo.Szymek,"Gas Guzzlers Extreme to gra wyścigowa.plusy+grafika jest zachwycająca+tryby gry sa bardzo rozbudowane+można walczyc na różne sposobyminusy-trochę za dużo krwi na dodatku zombie-sztuczna inteligęcja jest troche głupawa-jest trochę za mało bronita gra do zabawy zajmie jakieś około 10, 9 godzin zabawytaka moja recenzja o tej grze ma nadzieję że dużo ludzi ją przeczyta :)."
76561197970834551,Recommended,243800,9440871,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Codylynx,"I like cars with guns! if you like cars with guns, then you will surely like this game too. Gas Guzzlers Extreme is the game most like Interstate '76, since.... Interstate '76.The game has alot of customization options from Graphics settings to Gameplay. I like how you can choose to play it more ""Arcade"" or ""realistic"".  I'm having alot of fun with it set on realistic and using my logitech racing wheel. The cars handle well, and the physics are near perfect. One thing i'm not sure i like, is the fact that you have to collect and use ""nitro"" boost. You will not win any races without nitro boost. Having said that, i still love this game!Is it worth the $$$? If you have been looking for a car driving game with guns, i believe you will be glad you got this game.  I got it on sale for $10, and at that price i'd consider it a steal.  I'd still be happy if i paid full price.  Can't comment on multiplayer at this time as i have only been playing the campaign."
76561198127176813,Recommended,243800,9417451,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,SallemX,best racing & shooting game ever
,Recommended,243800,11571666,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,afigwithagun,"This game is really good but it runs terribly on my computer. It might just be my laptop even though it has really good specs, but just be wary. I still recommend it though."
,Recommended,243800,9706778,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Ishboda,It's basically an adult version of Mario Kart. A little limited on weaponry so far but amazing game either way. 8.5/10
,Recommended,243800,15244309,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Wagoo,"+ FlatOut with guns+ Comedy driver names/sponsors, good sense of humour+ You're basically Duke Nukem (comments during the race)+ Awesome metal soundtrack+ You can drive a DeLorean and nitrous gives you flaming-tracks..- Menus/Race structure (how much more to beat this championship?) can be a little confusing"
76561198019778497,Recommended,243800,32050816,Posted: 29 May,all,elestebon,Fun racing game. Upgrades. Varied tracks. Straight-up racing or combat. Worth it.
76561198022075571,Recommended,243800,11562682,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Tarcus,"Great combat racing game, a high octane, murderfest! Works great in big picture mode with Xbox controller. Also is the first car combat game since Super Cars on the amiga that does it for me! That piece of nostalgia takes me back. Overall good fun."
76561198024270997,Recommended,243800,14523623,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,loupfu,"Firstly : Extremely underrated game !!Lot of tracks, lot of cars, lot of customization, lot of weapons, lot of game-mod, lot of violence, lot of fun !! All is extremely well-made !- Great arcade gameplay, skill required- Solo addictive and efficient (no boring scenario ; just money, customization and races)- Challenging AI- Good balancing- Variety of cars and tracks- Awesome graphics (really !)- Brutal sound effects (american v8 lover, I am !)- Very cool soundtrack (rock and metal)- Online works excellently well, but, as this game is underrated, not lot of people, but enough to play it, even late in the nightIf you like Mad Max, nitro and rock'n'roll, then this game is for you !"
,Recommended,243800,16390107,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,AllGamer,"Hella crazy and fun! :Dand it got all of the cars models that I like, even those very rare ones that you don't usually see on racing games."
,Recommended,243800,9448305,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,fnkimnki,"It's like Mario Kart on steroids. Or you could almost describe it as Serious Sam if Serious Sam was a car-based game, at least in attitude. Cars! Guns! Explosions! Arnold's voice over! What else do you need?To be a more honest reviewer, I should play this game more before writing a review but I've played the open beta/alpha and also enjoyed it then.On the negative side, it could use more voice overs characters as they can get a bit tiring. For multiplayer, it'd be great to have a server filter to weed out empty servers but at the moment, there's a lot of empty servers so hopefully it'll pick up soon. Also missing is a split screen option and at the moment, devs are saying they'll ""look into it"" but I'm cautiously hopeful. But overall, if you're into racing games, especially the small niche of destruction derby/racing-type games, then I definitely recommend it."
76561198013211063,Recommended,243800,15857457,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Keylo415,Great hidden gem. You guys better grab it while it's still on sale.
,Recommended,243800,16775442,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,4KINGS - Mance,"An hugely entertaing, action-packed game. Filled with great, well executed concepts, this is a game that puts the enjoyment of the player before all else.+ Truly fun gameplay+ Huge amount of tracks and game modes+ Great campaign of decent length+ Good diversity of weapons+/- humour of of 12 year old- Hierarchy of car selection. (There is clearly a best one, second best ect.)"
76561198097838773,Recommended,243800,13824072,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Gordon,"finished the game with 50%, new content still being added.  Maps are updated."
,Recommended,243800,27009222,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,GorMorgul,really cool game
,Recommended,243800,26136376,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,InakiSan,"The best racing game I've played on Steam so far. The ""Full Metal Zombie"" DLC is highly recommendable as well!!"
,Recommended,243800,27247078,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Luski,Really cool fun game.
,Recommended,243800,8195546,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Fohlengladbach,"You like Mad Max? Just buy it right away! - Got Grid, got Dirt, played Gas! Just get online, chose the decent ""Alzheimer gun"" and take 'em out. For me the best old school death race experience since the carmageddon days and REALLY flawless w/o any early poo-ssy access issues. Multiplayer supports teaming up to squads for non-lonely-wolf competitions, but as well the classic Mad Max mode aka last man standing against the world. And I (also playing the matron of grafic hours, BF4) call that game a real four-wheel-titted beauty, yes it's 90-60-90. So ask yourself: How could you decline for that small fee?"
,Recommended,243800,21481752,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,☑ Giver,"This game remind me one old game ""Crashday"".Good graphic, gameplay.Saddenly in this game a short playlist, but main soundtrack don't suck :D8,5/10."
,Recommended,243800,25595632,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,RetroBlast,"Fast, frantic, fun mayhem - a great game to play with friends. A high-octane arcade combat racer that runs smoothly and provides some unique and varied game modes."
76561198082640923,Recommended,243800,19685546,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Paul196UK,UNsure if you want to buy this brilliant car shooter game?  Then do what I did and download the demo version first. It took me only 5 minutes to decide to buy the full version with the DLC's.  Even at full price I say its worth it but on sale its a bonus.  I have only played with my xbox controller and the controls and handling of the cars was very crisp and accurate. I believe you can use a steering wheel but I prefer a controller for this type of game. I love shooting games and also driving games so this is a no brainer for me. Its a lot of fun and the DEVS deserve a huge pat on the back for this.
,Recommended,243800,22599481,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Psylent,"First game I have bought in a long time that delivers what it promises.Very fun, don't have to actually be a race driver to play it,  weapons are good, could do with some more of course and thelower stages are a little restrictive in car choices but the fun of the game outweighs any drawbacks."
76561198113972331,Recommended,243800,32643978,Posted: 22 June,all,Me.again,Singleplayer is fun. Potential to be a top game if they allowed for 4 controllers on a local co-op split screen.
,Recommended,243800,7425339,"Posted: 19 October, 2013",all,GnomeSlice,"I love me some arcade racing. Gas Guzzlers delivers.Fans of cars and explosions will have a blast zooming around the game's large selection of tracks across a variety of environments, including deserts, snowy mountaintops, tarmac tracks, and backwoods trails.There's a good selection of cars and even more weapons to equip them with, as well lots of other unlockable goodies to upgrade and decorate your cars. The solo campaign is great, but beginner racers might find it slightly difficult. The AI racers also all have really stupid (and frankly immature) names too, but that's not really a huge deal I guess.Controls are responsive, and gameplay is tight and rewarding; there's something satisfying about blasting away your fellow racers, or forcing them to crash into things. You may also find it's reminiscent of kart racers like Mario Kart and Diddy Kong racing as you dash around collecting powerups, repairs, and cash bonuses.There's also a wealth of multiplayer modes, so you can choose your flavour and start blowing up your friends however you like.I highly recommend this one, can't get enough of it."
,Recommended,243800,12708650,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Lionarith,"Very good racing game. Fast, no bugs, good overall quality."
,Recommended,243800,34773252,Posted: 6 September,all,EXO™,"Good day friend! Don't know what to play or your pc is not so strong that would pull the GTA V? Then this game suits you! Not very demanding and interesting. You're waiting for the race, shooting, collision, rating, prakachka and much more."
,Recommended,243800,10410912,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Ziggy,Love the game needs promotion very underrated. For the price you can not beat it great online play fun maps and modes. They also have trading cards for the game you get them every so often. Recommends! A+
,Recommended,243800,20759953,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Skywarp,Twisted Metal meets Flatout. I think it is even similar to Crashday. The game is X-TREMELY fun. But don't expect you will be playing it much. It's like a fun time killer and game modes don't take too much of your time.
76561197978716036,Recommended,243800,20793623,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,SweenMachine,"Silly name, awesome game!Great combat, weapons, racing, progression, and soundtrack. Get you one!"
,Recommended,243800,13985938,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,shadowmoon2708,this game so interesting to play..... i play this and become addicted... so excited and fun too
76561198047465417,Recommended,243800,33093295,Posted: 1 July,all,Puglife,"great fun and addictive for the 10-12 hours of singleplayer, def worth it on sale, hot up your car, ur guns and blast em. And controller does work."
,Recommended,243800,14547447,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,POROROCA,"Post Completion Edit: Took me around 15 hours (some hours dont display due to offline mode) to beat the campaign on HARD difficulty, which is the third of 5 difficulties, on this difficulty, the AI cheats a bit to win, but if you make sure to grab all power-ups, winning is fairly easy.If you are a fan of arcade combat racers, this is a good pick, altho I recommend waiting for a sale to get it with all dlc (adds cars/modes/maps)Gus the Gazelle: Exterminate is very reminiscent of Twisted Metal, Full Auto (this is the one it resembles the most) and Interstate games, but it's only closed track or arena (medium size) based. There's racing with or without weapons, last one standing races/arenas with different variations that amount to an OK variety.This is all put in a similar to GRID (first one) campaign with sponsors that hire you or leave you depending on your performance. Losing does not mean that you have to retry specific races over and over because it uses a point system so you can always get even on the next race. There's also sponsor events that are played with 2 to 4 teams of racers in arenas to fight on CTF/DM/KoH modes, these events are the highlight of the game.The car aspect of the game is alright when it comes to customization, no NFSU levels but you can change rims, paint, paint type, and theres about 10 decals per car (different on each car, as they style with the body) plus the sponsor super decals that basically texture your whole car. You can also modify performance of the cars but until the last tier of cars, these upgrades are minimal. There are about 20 cars spanning 3 tiers.The main game modes are Campaign (where all the goodness is) Quick Race (you can only select map, car and weapon, laps, number of oponents and race type, although these last three must be selected by keyboard and might appear locked) and Multiplayer (which I admittedly haven't tried, because I am not interested, might be dead when you get it).All in all Gears of Puzzler: Exuberance is a good game with a lot of content even without counting the DLC.Despite the Official Sysreqs, it's a really demanding game if you turn everything on, and it's not that great of a looker."
,Recommended,243800,12147667,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Shaggy,"Great game, tons of fun. Could use a little optimization to help with framerate on lesser computers but other than that it is an amazingly fun game."
,Recommended,243800,10740431,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,THE REVN3,Great racing battle game. You cannot go wrong buying this.
76561198005919137,Recommended,243800,12858914,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Provoker,"Drive, shoot, kill, win, repeat"
,Recommended,243800,12484450,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,SARGENNIPPLE,CRASH AND BURN BABY!! HAHAHAHAHAHA! best demolition durby game ever!!
,Recommended,243800,20067339,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Ryan Dorkoski,"YeahGas Guzzlers Extremeis a totally fun arcade racer that focuses on racing, with heavy elements of battle.The end result feels somewhat like an R-rated version ofMarioKart. Its fairly straightforward once you learn the what the few powerup symbols do. You earn money from races and then maintain a garage with multiple cars with a moderate amount of upgrades. I mean, its not like aGran Turismolevel of upgrades, but they all work and make thingsfeelfaster/more responsive/more powerful.While I definately recommend this game - the caveat is that you get it on a sale, which happens almost weekly it seems. I'd never pay the full asking price because of this.Pros:+This game is really fun when played in relatively short bursts.+Graphics are pretty nice considering it doesn't take too much to run it.+Cars handle pretty well. Everything feels good.+Lots of options all around: great selection of cars, customization options, weapons and upgrades. There is certainly enough meat on the bone here.+I haven't even gotten to multiplayer yet, but there is alot to be had with this.+From what I see there are four race 'types' - basically a spectrum that ranges from 'pure race' to 'arena battler'.Cons:-Generic heavy metal/rock music is generic.-Being an arcade racer, itisfairly simple for those of you that want more complexities associated with simulators.Totally fun for the (nearly weekly) discounted price."
,Recommended,243800,12295110,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Jimmy NoShoes,Fantastic game would highly recommend.
,Recommended,243800,14613516,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Pepsiman,"NOTE: to the people who don't like to read, there will be a short summary at the bottem of this revieuw.This game is awesome. Basicly it's a racing game with weapons and powerups combined with a strange kind of humor that if you can apreciate that kind of humor will make you like the game that much more. I've played the game for about 4 hours now and I think i've seen enough to write a revieuw about it. If I'll encounter more awesome stuff in this game I'll change the revieuw.The game starts off pretty awesome, You create a profile and get to choose a protagonist for your driver. You get to choose between 2 voices no-one cares about, Arnold Schwarzenegger and Duke Nukem. Of course Arnold and the voice actor of Duke Nukem didn't record these lines but I know who voiced Duke Nukem and I'm familiar with his Duke voice, and although the guy sounds like Duke there's a clear difference between him and Duke's voice, but the develloper went the extra mile and made him really sound like Duke Nukem and that's something I have to give them credit for. I don't know how acurate Schwarzenegger's voice is as I'm not as familiar with his voice as with Duke's voice but it does sound like Schwarzenegger.After you created your profile you're good to go. You start off with a little bit of cash so you can buy your first car, put some guns on your car and you're off to your first race. At the start there are 3 game modes you get to choose from: Power Race, Battle Race and Knockout Race. Power Race is a race without weapons but with powerups like mines, oil slicks, smoke trails nitro's and repair pickups. Battle Race is a race with powerups and weapons. Those weapons are attached to your roof and can be used to shoot the living hell out of your opponents with weapons like machine guns, shotguns and rocketlaunchers and some of those can even shoot in 2 directions so no one is safe in front or behind your car. Oh, and cars donnot respawn so if you got destroyed it's race over. Knockout Race is basicly the same as Battle Race but this is more like an Elimination race as the last player that crosses the finish line gets eliminated and that goes on till there's only one car left. There's also Last Man Standing after completing the first tournament, which is basicly a battle in an arena that ends when only one car is left.Now you might be wondering what the goal of the game is. For as far as I know it's winning all the tournaments. To get to a certain tournament you have to race untill you scored enough points to take on the tournament, you'll get points for winning races and killing opponents. Than you can participate in the tournament to compete for the most points which will be rewarded for winning and killing opponents. after you won the tournament you'll get some money and a new car. It isn't the most origonal idea but it works fine.Another big part of the game is it's humor. Not all of you can apreciate it but it doesn't affect the gameplay if you don't enjoy it but it makes the game that much better if you do. from wheird opponent names like Sum Dum Guy, Kent U. Seemee and Lui Bricant to sponsors with names like Happy Smoke that fill your car with pictures of weed if they sponsor you. I personaly enjoyed this kind of humor. Talking about sponsors, sponsorship is a big deal in this game. They will give you extra money if you win races and you'll unlock special sponsor events that reward you with a lot of cash if you win. Sponsor events are mostly team based games like Capture The Flag and Team Deathmatch. You can get a sponsorship by winning a few races in a row. If you do well they'll pay you more money but if you end up on a losing streak they will stop sponsoring you.I also want to mention something about the music in this game. The music in the main menu and during the races isn't anything special, but it isn't bad either. it pretty much concists of generic metal tunes that will get you in the mood but nothing memorable. The music in the garage however concists of things like country, jazz and I even heard the Dutch and American national anthems, it just adds to the fun factor of this game.The only downsides to this game are the ability to restart races during a tournament which alows you to try the smae race over and over again untill you win and the amounth of racing tracks. There aren't that many which can make the game repetitive. I didn't think it was a big deal because I had a blast playing this game no matter what track I was playing and it is 3 times cheeper than most tripple A titles but keep that in mind if you want to buy it. Also the game is pretty easy on it's default difficulty setting as you will barely lose a race so sponsors keep bringing in more money and you'll become too rich. I don't say this to critisize the game it's just to tell you that if you want a chalange you should crank up the difficulty. You can also change the difficulty later on so you don't have to do that while creating your character.Long story short it's an amazing game. If you want to play a Racing game as Duke Nukem or Arnold Schwarzenegger with  more action than just driving around in circles then this is the game for you, races are fun and the gameplay mechanics work very well. The only downsides are te ability to restart tournament races and the amounth of racing tracks but that can easily be justified by the game's relatively low price tag. Therefor I give this game an 8/10"
,Recommended,243800,7898471,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,IndigoJinx,"This game has tracks that are blatent remakes of some from A LOT of different popular racing games from the past (Trust Me it's a GOOD thing, some are based on REAL world racing tracks though, so I guess technically those aren't ripoffs), then they add variations, mirrored mode (confuses the heck out'a My dyslexic azz), racing modes with no weapons, with JUST the drop types (Mines/oil-slicks/smoke-screen), and with full on weapons! (The racing is like this nasty, yummy, mix of (depending on the mode) NFS Underground2 (EZ drifting to gain NO2), Midnightclub Street-racing (the full on weapons racing), Spyhunter (the OLD retro game, in the mode with just drop weapons racing), Twisted metal (the Deathmatch modes), Vigilante-8 (also the DM, & CTF, team modes), Burnout (the fragging other racers by hitting your boost then ramming them), Grid/Gran Tourismo (the REAL racing tracks), Dirt (the AWESOME rally tracks).This all come in a pacage with AWESOME graphics, smooth controls, VERY scaleable options so this game will run on ANY PC with enough tweeking (for weak PCs try the pixal scale % option out). Controls great with a KB (I've heard), and great with a controller. Even with most'a the graphics turned down to run this game on My laptop, it STILL looks easily as good as say Fuel, or NFS World.Online is where this game is BY FAR the best overall car game going right now, there's servers (dedicated run by the company) ALL over the world, so you can find one where your ping will be a low #, there's servers for different skilled drivers, servers that are race only, deathmatch only, CTF/DM only, and some that are a mix of them. All of the servers I've been on had voting turned on, you can join an empty server, vote to change the options the way you want (Add/remove bots 1 at a time, bot difficulty (6 levels), team/single mode [yes you can race in team mode ☺], team stickers, respawn options for battle, track/map, Friendly fire, I'm sure I'm forgetting some, but this game has it all!***EDIT*** The online is FULL of cheating little Brazilians from a clan they call ""FUN"", that were also the kids who beta tested this game, they cuss people out, know every single stupid trick, & will even use hack-tools on you like lag SPAM, if you DO manage to beat them, they have not only done this to Me (under more then one name, so they didn't always know it was Me)... BUT they did it to no less then 7 some odd other players who responded to My Steam forum post complaining about these kids behavior... buyer beware, if you plan on playing this online, plan on getting griefed by trolls***This is the racing equal to Serious Sam 3BFE, more options then you can shake a stick at, lagfree online play, drop in/out so no waiting for others to play, everything you could POSSIBLY ask for. So far as I know there's no region blocks ect. so everybody worldwide can play, I've played on some of the EU, and Russian servers with almost no lag on My cheap/slow DSL.The single player is neat too, has lots of difficulty settings for everybody to enjoy the game, has upgrades, mods to put on your cars, ect. Oh online everything is opened already, just go setup your online profile (car, main weapon, vinyl, paint, rims/color, ect.) before you hit refresh to scan the servers. Don't be discouraged if nobody is online, people always come, & you can levelup your online profile VS bots of any difficulty you chose. Cyah online ☻"
,Not Recommended,243800,21478370,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,[OvO]wl,"Massively overrated and overpriced game, even in a steam sale. After playing the grid, gt, burnout game, this game feels tired and washed out after 5-10 minutes of gameplay. The action is just monotonous and repetitive,I mean the graphics are kind of nice, 8/10, but it just lacks style or artistic quality. It just feels like, the entire game was written to do the minimum amount of work to please a manager. It just doesn't feel like anyone's soul went into this game.Basically this is wipeout 2097, but wipeout 2097 had better style, concept and art. Even though wipeout's graphics is far more pixelated than this, it's a far more enjoyable game.It just feels like there is something central missing from this game, and I just can't put my finger on what."
76561198061438645,Recommended,243800,8417039,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,LEGEND-KSA,best Combat racing ever
,Recommended,243800,8419571,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,BigZman95,Fantastic game that is incredibly fun and can offer a few good laughs along the way.
,Recommended,243800,8387579,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Metryn!,"I really enjoy this game, it's damn good.  The bots are even tough.  I can't play it for more than 3-4 hours at a time, but it's pretty damn fun."
,Recommended,243800,8506403,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,☣ JKay6969,"Wow, what an amazing game...This is similar to Flatout but don't let that put you off as the gameplay mechanics, Graphics, Sound, Physics, Handling and just about everything else have been finely polished leaving a very addictive and fun game.This is by far the best Racing game with weapons I have ever played. The level design is very good forcing you to make strategic choices on weapon and powerups while ripping up the various game modes including Cups and Championships which are won by competing in Power-up Races, Weapon Races, Knockout Races, Massive Deathmatch Arenas. Each event has bonuses for doing specific things like finishing 1st every lap, Killing a specific player with a specific weapon or style, dropping Smoke or Oil on a number of opponents, etc, etc.My little gripe is with the controls, or more to the point, having to set a button for change weapon as the default button didn't seem to work. After I set a button for changing weapons things improved in Deatmatch events :-)I would advise anyone thinking about getting it to give the Demo a few races, that's what I did and quickly realised I wanted more.The Graphics, Sound, Physics and Handling are all AAA title good."
,Recommended,243800,8513259,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,BeasleyBytes,"What do you get when you combine amazing graphics, intense vehicular homocide, and a crude sense of humor... well Gas Guzzlers Extreme of course.The first game of this type I ever played was Twisted Metal on the Playstation 1 as a youth, and I immediately fell in love with the genre; the combination of racing arenas and weapon kits. That being said most games of this type are often missing polish or replayability, this is not one of those games.I can say even with my short time invested in the game, this is probably the most fun I've had gaming in quite a while. The campaign won't dissapoint, but for me it's the multipler that will provide countless hours of entertainment. Gas Guzzlers is packed with multiple game modes, all of which are great to play, and the tracks are all uniquely designed. There is quite a lot of replayability here and you'll instantly be hooked, wanting to challenge yourself to whip corners faster or get revenge on that guy who sent a rocket first class through your windshield.It's a fantastic game, and definitely worth a try. It's also nice to see the dev's are still continuously updating the game. It's been hard for me to fill this particular niche field, as the market is often saturdated with bad clones of Twisted Metal, but I would this game has the potiental to completely dominate that sector.My only gripe is there aren't enough people in Multiplayer at certain times, but that just takes people to reach out and try the game. I'm glad I did."
76561198063448773,Recommended,243800,8559049,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Heliosurge,"If you like Racing and Guns this game is for you!  Game features Regular racing and combat racing.   Game has nice graphics great tracks with shortcuts; weapons & upgrades.Upgrade your ride with Decals, Car parts and weapons.If you haven't played it, download the demo, worth the money even when not on sale!"
,Recommended,243800,8430987,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,alien.p1mp,"Bought this in the holiday sale, it's a good lad for playing your mates at multiplayer!"
76561197983225082,Recommended,243800,8448635,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,baddog993,"Love the cars they all look unique and you can paint them and put stickers on them. Sponsers are a great addition. The cars and tracks are very well detailed and the AI is very tough without feeling cheap. Multiplayer is nice however the game comes with enough content to keep most people happy. I also liked the music and sounds. The game tracks do get a lot better the more you get into the game. Snow, hot air ballons and more. The tracks are very well done.I really like this game. A lot of the cars are name brand cars you will know right away however they are all called something different in game. The more I play this game the more I like it. Its not perfect but its darn close. I still feel like as great as this game is. I think its missing something and I can not put my finger on what. However that aside its still one solid racer and if your a racing fan and want to blow up other cars this is the game for you.The game does come with many modes, one is no weapons for the purist of hearts however the only way to go up in ranks is to do the tournaments and they do require hurting other cars.  Great game."
76561198017159819,Recommended,243800,8463455,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,danielumio,Death Race + Flat Out= Gas Guzzlers Extreme
76561198058582727,Recommended,243800,8462940,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Elex [RU],This game is extremely fun to play..the Destruction and the power i feel when i play this is absolutly amazing <3
,Recommended,243800,8560866,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,RazorNova,"The Game+ Lots of action and explosions+ Loads of different modes+ Some of AI drivers have actually pretty funny names+ Enough different cars (not licensed but real world counterparts can easily be recognized)+ Multiplayer has dedicated servers+ Good performance+ Soundtrack is quite fitting for a game of this type+ Fittingly arcadey driving model and damage modeling- Could have better graphics- Driver voice can get annoying with time (can luckily be disabled)- Some of the weapons seem useless- Not much players at the time of writing in multiplayer- No split-screen multiplayerOther+ Development facts in the Credits (Quote: ""73 dollars and 20 cents were collected in the communal piggy bank for cosmetic surgery that will put a smile on the face of the saddest team member."")I recommend this game for fans of Interstate, Twisted Metal and other vehicular combat games.Overall: 8/10"
,Recommended,243800,23097240,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,MABOO,"Got this Gold on heavy sales .. Very satisfiedThe feeling similiar to ""Burn out"" but with gun.9/10 Graphic8/10 Drive system ( You can upgrade your car with ur money u got from races )8/10 Humor-------------------------------------------------------------------------If its on sales dont hesitate to get it though u arent a racing fan (it's not a pure racing anyway).If you are the fan of this genre, buy it.My score 8.5/10C.J. Maboo"
,Recommended,243800,8592190,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Marty McFlash,"I'm giving it a thumbs up because Steam doesn't offer more options for reviews, and I don't feel like it really deserves a thumbs down.  I bought this during the Christmas sales and initially it was good fun.  I loved the stupid humor and the drivers' names would make Bart Simpson proud. It was fun to drive around and shoot at the AI cars. For about 2 hours...  After 2 hours I'm already at the top of the singleplayer rankings. (in game, not a worldwide leaderboard, just to make that clear) It's gotten kind of old already as well.  I pretty much only like the Battle Racing, and kind of like the team deathmatches.  The regular races are just dull to me.  I had more fun with Post-Apocalyptic Mayhem (which you can routinely get for a couple bucks on sale) than this. A bit disappointed, but not to the point of giving it the dreaded thumbs down.Never tried the multiplayer because frankly I'm just not interested.If Twisted Metal 2: World Tour is still your favorite car combat game of all time, this won't change your opinion.  But you might get a few hours of fun out of it. Just buy it on sale..."
76561198002963485,Recommended,243800,22134665,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,coles4_ns,"This game is a hoot!Great fun, I love sniping  opponnets just as they pass wit a heavy rocket.The only thing it could really use is more variety in voices available and some more expansion.I hate the DLC consept but I'm really tempted for this game, if only it was more than just some arenas and zombies..."
,Recommended,243800,14476155,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,o8ford,"Fun game, but there just is not anywhere close to enough content, making you lose interest after a couple nights of playing. It's worth buying if you get it really cheap."
,Recommended,243800,34387855,Posted: 20 August,all,Mr. A.J. Naz,"Hilarious game from the time I spent on it so far. I've recently being wanting to get back into car racing and destruction games. Brings me back to the games like rush, or twisted metal."
76561198024440724,Recommended,243800,27604395,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Jaw158,"There are suprisingly few combat racing games, but after playing this I realize it's because they know this can't be topped. Aside from being just a good driving game the combat mechanics are implemented well (it is suprisingly not difficult to hit another moving car from your moving car). It is also quite hilarious; the racing opponents have some great names. If you liked the movie Death race then you'll enjoy this game."
,Recommended,243800,34299615,Posted: 16 August,all,无情 | 57nG,"The main reason I bought this two years ago is because, this game reminds me of an old game titled ""Upshift StrikeRacer"" (unfortunately the servers were dead in year of 2009) where I was used to compete with the other skilled players there. And thanks to the members of NitroRiders club, that I am now still able to play something similar eventhough it couldn't provide me the same hype.Good combat racing games in these days are surely difficult to find.Gas Guzzlers Extremeis actually pretty fun in its way, however, there's this one thing I find myself not satisfied is that if only the nitro can regen itself instead of the needing to hit something lol. :/Another nice thing from this game is that, theDLCof zombies part.It was a fun experience indeed. I'd say worth it."
76561198058242994,Recommended,243800,8719493,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,funkyburger,If you like cars and action (like death rally) then this game is for you.
76561197970509236,Recommended,243800,8811814,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,wheeljack12,"for those who remember the days of Activision's Death Track from the 80's for the pc, you will love this. You can pretty much do anything that death track could do except fire caltops. The only downside to the game is that for looking back, in any cam view, you have a rear view mirror. You actually have to look back via gamepad/key bindings to see what's behind you. As for variety of customization, it starts slowly and allows you to enjoy the build up of your cars you own (you can own multiple cars). Good variety of race types and tracks too."
76561198089381203,Recommended,243800,9236897,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,dr7965,in the begining is ok but wen you get the good stuff is worth buying this  the stuff is ALOT BUT YOU GET A LOT TOO i wish i could tell you more but you should see your self                                                                                                                                                                       if you want to be frend im hear sat. or sun. this is dr and im out.
76561198073153063,Recommended,243800,34215199,Posted: 13 August,all,Don Edgy,This game is pretty good. If you're looking for a combat racing game then this is a solid recommendation. An arcade racer that has mayhem and humor. It's pretty fun!
,Recommended,243800,14796408,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,saladfingers,This game is alot of fun and funny as hell a lot of puns everywhere
,Recommended,243800,30631915,Posted: 20 March,all,NekoEmily98,"Granted I've only played about 40 minutes of this game, i really enjoyed it. It's a fun little game with some quirky elements. The controls could do with some work as the original mapping is arrow keyed. But besides that, I did like it, the graphics were also quite appealing. 8/10"
,Recommended,243800,33931610,Posted: 31 July,all,dbPieter,"Not superb, but very amusing nonetheless.Make sure to pick this game up if you've played Death Rally 20 years ago!"
76561198111067551,Recommended,243800,35515431,Posted: 6 October,all,gotch,"as good as any car game out there imo,fast,smooth and loads of fun all round.A+deant seem to link time played to steam though,ive played often in short bursts yet steam doesnt seem to count those plays."
,Recommended,243800,22425700,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,TRUE Terry,this game is good but now i cant start up the game so it NEEDS to be fixed :)
76561198071367670,Recommended,243800,9186932,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Carmex8435,If you like Death Race or blowing♥♥♥♥♥♥up...this is for you...
,Recommended,243800,8795222,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,LukeSkypilot,"Great game, reminds me off the fun of Twisted Metal, nice big open arenas would make this game even better"
,Recommended,243800,14540216,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,UMP-45,"Very fun combat racing game. In single player you earn money by completing different race types including power race (no weapons other than traps like mines and oil slicks), combat races (full use of weaponry including machine guns, rocket launchers, etc.), and other arena-based competitions like capture the flag and deathmatch. I haven't tried the multiplayer yet.I'm not really sure how single player progression works. I got few the first few races and was invited to a tournanment, which I won. After that I was told that I had been entered into a new skill bracket, but I'm still racing all the same opponents on the same courses. I haven't even unlocked a new car for sale in quite a while.I had hoped that the game would give you more control over the visuals of your car, such as providing options for spoilers, hoods, sideskirts, etc. However, all you can customize are the paintjob and sticker (not even those if your car is sponsored - they choose the graphics for you) and some under-the-hood stuff like engine and brake upgrades."
76561197981815097,Recommended,243800,11352241,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Gwen,Well tuned fast paced combat driving at its best.  If you liked I-76 or the wipeout games you'll probably love this one.
76561197970739339,Recommended,243800,17719711,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Captain Chaos,"It would be a stretch to say there was ever a “golden age” of combat racing games, but Gas Guzzlers reminds me strongly of the better titles in the genre. While inferior aesthetically to say, Jak X, Gas Guzzlers is mechanically sound, possessing solid controls, easy to use weapons and a diverse range of cars. The physics engine in particular is well-implemented, avoiding the sense of weightless sliding about you get from games like Twisted Metal, nor the drunken careening into obstacles of Grand Theft Auto- unless you run over an oil slick, of course. It’s very easy to ♥♥♥♥ up driving controls and in a driving game, thus ruining the entire experience for everybody involved. Not so here. However, in other areas, Gas Guzzlers feels very much like the budget game it is. The music is ignorable at best and there is absolutely no semblance of plot, though there is amusing flavor text for each of the weapons and looks-real-but-has-a-fake-name cars. The campaign is structured like every other driving game ever, wherein you play a series of one-off races to rise through a leaderboard to the top, then becoming eligible to enter a tournament and advance to the next tier- three total. in this game’s case. You may receive a sponsorship and then gain additional funs from each win, and there are periodic exhibition events that force you to use a particular car and play a particular gametype but have large payouts. You unlock additional cars, tracks, parts, weapons and cosmetic customizations as you progress, most of which must then be purchased. There’s a fairly diverse range of tracks and arenas, and even gametypes featuring hordes of zombies in the multiplayer, if you have the “Full Metal Zombie” DLC. I was disappointed that no zombies appear in the campaign. However, barring tournaments and sponsored events, you may choose what type of event to play, allowing you to focus on a race type you are good at or enjoy over others. Also of note is the ability to select a voice pack for your driver, including a reasonable facsimile of Duke Nukem, though even his one-liners will eventually wear a bit thin. I must note that none of Gas Guzzler’s flaws is in its gameplay. If you like games that have cars with guns on them (and to my distress, many people apparently don’t) you will enjoy Gas Guzzlers. If you don’t… then why are you reading about one?"
76561198085240743,Recommended,243800,18335653,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,jiimiiava,"Fun and engaging, graphics are decent and controls are pretty good."
,Recommended,243800,9422601,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Mack71,Bloody good game quick hectick and funny to boot if you have a gamepad or wheel then all the better an absolute blast!
76561198106350289,Recommended,243800,20612841,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Yato,Fun game
,Recommended,243800,30628520,Posted: 19 March,all,Chapel,This piece of crap is one of the dumbest games ive ever played but its really funny to play with a friend and shoot their car.
76561198038742356,Recommended,243800,7907669,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Enigma88,"It's the best PC ""Twisted Metal"" style game up to date."
,Recommended,243800,16364398,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,B-7,"This is you classic race-and-shoot game. It doesn’t have anything special, and it doesnt’s try to be anything special. If you like console-like timekillers, this game is just for you."
,Recommended,243800,9446289,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,LewkForce,"If you're like me, you're very skeptical of racing games. Especially ones that include weapons against your opponent. Hell, we haven't had great ones come to mind for years (Carmageddon, Diddy Kong Racing, etc). So what makes this one stand out?Everything. This game spoils you with some seriously cool graphics, gameplay, and humor right from the get-go.*WARNING - THIS IS NOT A DRIVING SIMULATOR - TURN AWAY AND GET ASETTO CORSA OR WHATEVER IF YOU WANT THAT KIND OF GAME*What kind of cool graphics? Well, let's just say this game isn't going to run smoothly on your old 2009 PC. I'm fervently against graphics-over-gameplay gaming, but this is so beaufitul and the way it plays is so much fun that I can't wait to run it when I get my GeForce GTX 770 in (planning on running two of them, but I'm getting off-topic). So I guess I'm kinda griping and praising the game at the same time, with saying it's ""necessarily beautiful"" and if you don't have a PC that's capable of running it without horrible lag, it's going to affect your gameplay a TON (perhaps even unplayable).Where do I begin about the gameplay? You drive a car, shoot opponents, win, get money. It's not that easy, though. There are different types of races available that you need to get to know to advance yourself in the ""Career Mode"". Tons of tracks. Tons of cars. Tons of weapons. Tons of playability when you mix and match all three. As I write this, I'm only 4 hours into the game, and I'm blown away. I picked this up for $10 on a sale, but I would be happy paying the $25 had I known about it's existence prior to clicking on the ""Weeklong Deals"" button.The humor? It's all around. If you don't have a good sense of humor, well, you're just a stick in the mud and aren't going to have a good time with the game. Yeah, it's a little juvenile in some of it's humor, but that's what makes it great. Your opponents have names such as ""Jack Kass, Luke Likesheet, and Alotta Fagina"" (you giggled at at least one of those, didn't you? ;) *snicker*). Currently, I'm driving a car that's sponsored by Buttwesser. Yes, Buttwesser. Once more... Buttwesser.9.5/10 - This game is going to get a lot of playtime from me.P.S. - Haven't tried the multiplayer, but holy crap that would be awesome."
,Recommended,243800,11492186,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Alduin,"If you like Twisted Metal and Vigilante 8 series then i'm pretty sure you will like this too. Nice sports cars mounted with heavy weaponry, what more can you wish for :) Sadly you can only put one weapon type to your car at a time and music could be more metal. Anyways great game and i definently recommend this. 8.5/10"
76561198144935442,Recommended,243800,14520235,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Sgt. Peppers,I'd be the first to say i hate racing games but i have to admit this is ♥♥♥♥ing fun10/10 would bang
,Recommended,243800,14766395,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,☭ Fidel Castro ☭,"A true arcade battle racer. Inspired by the likes of Twisted metal, it is a fantastic diversion from typical racing games right now. Must-buy!"
,Recommended,243800,15832048,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Bertie,"Excellent game. Seen a film called death race? Just like that! Does exactly what it says on the tin - sure the car handling isn't realistic, but neither is strapping guns to them!"
,Recommended,243800,15932976,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,aimiami,Buffalo zombies.  Need i say more?
,Recommended,243800,16436647,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Restex,brum brum
76561198051509528,Recommended,243800,16963403,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,FluffyPancake,"Like Mario Kart...except with nuclear warheads, vulgar names, and old movie references.9000/10 would play again"
76561198058577580,Recommended,243800,16479925,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,pgoodhar,"Best current car-combat game period.  Runs well on reasonable hardware.  No glitching/stumbling like some others.It is pretty simple/arcade like, but that's not a bad thing.  The cars handle well with a controller, unlike some others that seem to need endless tweaking."
,Recommended,243800,8711566,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Cilantro,"This game is awesome but if you try using a very low end steering wheel like a Logic3 TopDrive GT, you will hit everything in sight. Not in a good way but I suppose that is the wheel's fault not the game's so stick to the keyboard or gamepad unless you have a good steering wheel. Anyway this game is like if Burnout 3 and Twisted Metal had a baby.  It has a certain sense of humor that takes me back to when I was little when butt jokes were funny and I really appreciate that. I normally don't really laugh at stuff like that but this game was able to make me laugh quite a bit. The graphics are stunning for an indie title and the controls are solid. It has a good original soundtrack that is very suiting to the play style and the weapons are very satisfying. You can even select an exaggerated Arnold Schwarzenegger or Duke Nukem as your driver's voice. That alone should make you want this. Come on, click that little add to cart button.  Now.  Anyway in all seriousness this game is very entertaining, Has a decent price, is great for fans of the car combat genre and is an overall great buy."
76561198007496049,Recommended,243800,8867119,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,glider1,"I dreamed about such game for many years - Racing with Weapons! Very good game! Thank you, creators of the ""Gas Guzzlers Extreme"". You need only to correct physics a little. It's a pity that there are too little games of such kind."
,Recommended,243800,9413920,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,@eSportDjango,"Really fun, and pretty funny car action shooter. Worth checking out!"
76561197999205926,Recommended,243800,32011627,Posted: 27 May,all,Zephrel,"[About 15 hrs of Single Player]Technically I don't like it that much, but emotionally I do. Also technically I love it. I'll try to explain.The literal name of the game to me is a bit misleading. Is it simple? Yes. It is an arcade shoot'em-or-drive'em-up. Does it contain a nicely rocking sound track? Yes. Hopefully a renewing trend. Does it require you to be extremely guzzlious of gas or require any sort of cornering ability. No.Wait, yes, on nitrous it does. But mainly only bullets.What the cynical me was expecting was a Need For Speed rip-off with some guns and plotty elements hindering the driving and especially the combat. (You know, done well that could actually be very, very good. Like if the timeframe was right, somewhere around the mid-seventies, maybe?) Instead I got exactly what I was presented with, a 3D Death Rally mixed with a restricted Twisted Metal. Drive in circles, kill or win, get money to buy upgrades. Which is great fun, up to a point, as game seems to have slowed down in progress. (Steam play time is at least 10-13 hrs off apparently). Onto the things of hate.-Rubber-banding AI. If you are terrible you can time things right and get ahead for a second, but most of the time you end up losing anyway. You know as you are outmaneuvering an AI opponent that on the next straight Ali Tacock will still pass you. Save your nitrous until the last corner.-The slow-down as far as I have gotten in the game is quite bad. I'm apparently on top of the single player leaderboard though I'm still lacking even unlocking 14 out of 21 cars the game seems to offer. And I feel like I really shouldn't even tap the multiplayer aspect of the game yet for being so utterly terrible.- I'd like to have more guns. The game so far has three. Shotgun with backwards-firing capabilities, a machine gun and a rocket launcher, with which you really have to time your shot perfectly and even then it doesn't seem to do that much damage. I have used a fourth one, a minigun-like MG in a deathmatch and a capture the flag in a single player multiplayer simulation deathmatch, but I have yet to encounter it in the actual campaign. But it was awesome. Maybe, just maybe...+Even if it might not sound like it the good do surpass the bad. It's kind of hard to put into words. The bad things are clearly there, but I know it will easily entertain me enough to keep me playing until I unlock all the cars. I bet I can also unlock the minigun even though I can't see it on an unlocking list yet. That actually tells me there may be many other things I am still missing... So here's a thumbs up on this one!"
,Recommended,243800,11354529,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,jt,"Gas Guzzlers is a great destruction racing game. Gameplay is your standard racing-with-guns experience, though I haven't seen a game like this with limited ammo before. You'll need to pick up ammo on the track if you run out. Opponents are generally beatable, but they occasionally seem to get unreasonable bursts of speed. Let me break it down:GOOD:Battle racingDecent physicsEnjoyable player investment system (Car and customization unlocks are well paced and worthwhile)Sense of humor (You can have Duke Nukem sound clips as your driver voice, the car names are all satirical, you get points for chicken squishing, etc.)Graphics look greatController SupportAnnouncer (Yells ""DOUBLE KILL"" etc. during races)EXTRA BONUS POINTS:Reliant Robin ripoff carBAD:Poor optimization (I have to turn everything all the way down to get a decent framerate at 1280 x 720. FFS I can run Assassin's Creed IV better than this.)AI sometimes feels cheatyInput lag (at least with a 360 controller, haven't tested anything else)As a last aside this exact game (so far as I can tell) was on Desura about a year before it showed up on Steam, titled Gas Guzzlers: Combat Carnage. Desura refuses to give Steam keys claiming it's an entirely different game. This seems pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥ to me, but I think the publisher changed since the original release, and most likely the new one didn't want to give out copies.Get this game if you like battle racing. Think VIgilante 8 or Full Auto. If it's your thing the $20 price tag isn't too much. On sale for under $10 I doubt you'll be dissatisfied even if you have only a passing interest."
,Recommended,243800,14751919,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Haphazard Damage,"Awesome Game, tons of fun."
76561198027402998,Recommended,243800,16998593,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,rkoons,GREAT GAME!! Numerous cars and add on for guns and shields. Tons of fun.
,Recommended,243800,15868868,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,pogipants,Twisted Metal on pc for under $10 with zombies. Get it now!
,Recommended,243800,18847555,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,oubaasusa,"After a couple of hours of playing this title, I'm convinced that it deserves a place in the Arcade Racer Hall of Fame.  This is a little known gem, and well worth the purchase.  I'd rank it up there with DiRT Showdown, Flatout: Ultimate Carnage and other first rate arcade racers.The graphics are great, it supports my Fanatec Porsche GT3 RSR v2 wheel and pedals, the humor is hilarious low brow and I even like the sound track music, which is a rare thing for me.I haven't had any problems, it runs fine with all the eye candy maxed out on my AMD 1090T 3.2 GHz 6-core, ATI Radeon R9 280X DC2 TOP, 16 GB DDR3 RAM machine.  Silky smooth framerates.They've done a great job with this one and it definitely deserves some attention.  I spend most of my time with hardcore racing simulations, but now and then I like to leave off the realistic stuff and go crazy with a good arcade racer,  This one fills the bill nicely.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,243800,21165612,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Hakan,Perfect! :)
76561198025593487,Recommended,243800,11492485,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,FailStation,Ever seen the movie Death Race? Well this♥♥♥♥♥♥is exactly like Death Race but you are controlling everything and your not in a prison.
,Recommended,243800,15847228,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Ken,This game is extreme fun.
,Recommended,243800,15975003,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,apollonist,"If you are looking for an interesting race car , you can get this game."
,Recommended,243800,17150533,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Kodus,"This is a great game with great graphics and cars, but the only problem is that there arent many people playing in the multiplayer servers.and we could have a press to talk button in multiplayer."
,Recommended,243800,16883891,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Kwantum,"Bought this one on during the summer sale. This game is quite fun and reminds me of Jack X. (old ps2 racing game, I loved it so much) The only thing I can complain about are got GODDAMN STUN GRENADES!!! Its like some big brolic black dude named requis pulls a bedsheet over your head and proceeds to skull ♥♥♥♥ you."
76561197970776606,Recommended,243800,17476064,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,[DE] Al3X,"Gas Guzzlers is the perfect ""racing game"".Short:Pro:- Nice graphics- Great racing style (I use the xbox360 controller)- Perfect mix of racing an shooting- 12 Weapons - each has advantages/disadvantages- simple but good storymode- good balanced bots- you win enough cash to buy and upgrade several cars (so there is no stupid repeating of races for money like in NFS)Con:- the driver has only a few ""phrases"" - which can be annoying when you play for a long time and hear alwys the same sentences- 2 buyable addonsLong:It combines the best parts of Need for Speed racing with alot of Weapons and tactics.The game offers a total of 7 race types such as Classic Race, Power Race, Battle Race, Knockout, Capture The Flag, (Team) Deathmatch, and Last Man Standing.Everyone finds his perfect match.Do you like Racing? Go for a ""Classic Race"". Do you like slaughtering your enemies and do not care for racing at all? Go for ""Deathmatch"".The Singleplayer takes about 10-15 hours to be played through and is fun (most of the time). If you fail to win a race - just buy a better car. Luckily you earn enough money to spend it on several cars and upgrades."
76561198295182333,Recommended,243800,31533860,Posted: 3 May,all,Shrill,great gamea bit small but it makes up for that in its action packed gameplaymore fun than it seemsGREAT GAME
,Recommended,243800,18320907,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Bob,"The first race is a little confusing, this game could really benefit from a couple of tutorial screens before the first race to explain the controls, hud and power ups. But after a few races it all slots into place and I was driving a candy pink reliant robin with shotguns on the roof, sponsored by “buttwasser” beer, racing against characters named after Bart Simpson's prank calls to Moe's bar; how could I not love this game?The driving is smooth, the weapons are satisfying, the events are reasonably varied, there is a nice range of cars, the single player campaign is a good length, the humour is not exactly sophisticated but did keep making me smile. All in all it a very solid game."
,Recommended,243800,18338520,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,g1ant1nThe0cean,This is more of a mario kart but with a twist of burnout. I'm enjoying it even though I am a fan of more simulation racing
76561198095924804,Recommended,243800,31189664,Posted: 16 April,all,Anti Reel,Enjoy Racing and shooting with cars? Well here is your best bet!
,Recommended,243800,14546342,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Epivictus,The game just broke my controller's both trigger buttons.
76561198061955363,Recommended,243800,14737102,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Null_Unit,Probably the best car combat racing game on PC.
,Recommended,243800,14762467,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,LooseLips,Twisted Metal meets Mario Kart. Zombie rampage in DLC that is similar to Serious Sam. Enough Said. Buy it!
,Recommended,243800,15830989,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,ThatSabineGirl,"Fun game, but beware, if your PC can't run it at a good frame rate, the AI bugs out and seems to forget how to drive, and swerves all over the place, making it far too easy to win. I had to crank the graphics down to pretty much the lowest settings to get the AI to drive properly."
,Recommended,243800,15849913,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Goose274,"This is one of the best arcade racers I have played. Although it is an arcade racer each car does have it's own way of handling, giving you some choice. Each car can be equipped with a weapon which can be purchased from the garage and used in the fire zones of each race (assuming you have ammunition). If you're are a fan of the Death Race film franchise, Mashed: Drive to Survive or Wrecked: Revenge revisited than this is the game for you."
,Recommended,243800,16457267,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,eraser.,"To start I am a big fan of games like Twisted Metal, Vigilante and Carmageddon. I have to say Gas Guzzlers has a similair style.Some great points:Arnold & Duke voice for your character (features some memorable quotes)Great gameplay - explosive, fast paced and funCustomisable Cars - from cosmetic to performance upgradesGreat soundtrack and humorGraphics reasonably goodFeatures MP & CoopTill now I have not found something which bothers me with the game and considering the cheap price (got it from Steam sale) I would recommend to any fan of vehicular carnage."
76561198091497887,Recommended,243800,17302482,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,sonic06,Beatiful graphics and great gameplay.  I played it for months.
,Recommended,243800,17900146,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Master Fuzzums,"This is the craziest ♥♥♥♥ing racing game I have ever played.You drive fast cars, you shoot big guns, you blow your opponents to bits, and you have fun doing it. Beautiful tracks, tons of cars, smooth gameplay, lots of game modes, controller support, and some damn good DLC that's worth a purchase.I love this game, and I highly reccomend it."
76561197998570156,Recommended,243800,19687191,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,GatlingNuke438,It's flatout with guns 10/10
76561197990431443,Recommended,243800,8001032,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,bqse06987,If you loved the mighty 'Blur' you'll like this game.  It's the best racing/destruction game I have seen since then...I could play for hours...and sometimes DO!
,Recommended,243800,28407621,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Alixo,Very good game adictive fun to play with friends and carteer
,Recommended,243800,30361619,Posted: 6 March,all,ProGamer542,Cool car shooting game i like it 5 STARS.i wish that game has Freeroam :|
,Recommended,243800,7904234,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Racerguy,"this game is insane! it reminds me of twisted metal. the multiplayer is quite dead though, maybe because its a brand new game."
76561198058114508,Recommended,243800,9034392,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,۩ Iron Maiden ۞,#Fodástico !!
76561197980130582,Recommended,243800,14520599,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,WinterWarz,Alot of fun Twisted metal style racing with nice graphics guns game modes. Great game .
,Recommended,243800,14616625,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Flynny75,"Flatout, but with guns!"
,Recommended,243800,15843759,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,August_Caesar,"I've never had so much fun with a racing game400,000/10 would blow up ""alotta fagina"" again"
76561197973736943,Recommended,243800,14508366,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,randy67,Good fun racing game .
76561198130729419,Recommended,243800,15865859,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,WagonFixin,"Great game if you love cars, guns and explosions like a lot of explosions"
76561198042317740,Recommended,243800,16284144,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,DavidMarle,"Think Mario Kart for grown ups! That's what this game is, lots of fun, pretty decent graphics and if you get the zombie pack then it's even more fun!"
76561198077126475,Recommended,243800,16843048,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Citizen,Twisted metal meets burnout. Old school arcade destruction derby with insane weapons.
76561198125308129,Recommended,243800,11338022,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,joebob661,"I really liked this game so far it has great gameplay and is really enjoyable plays like the description says. There are two problems though with this game. First on the intial launch it asks you whether or not to beep out the swear words. This function does not work. Second the game has a very poor framerate on my machine compared to GRID 2 or DIRT 3. But it is still a good game. I am hoping to see a performance boost after getting my new graphics card in the mail. Update: I got my new graphics card in the mail the game now runs very smoothly at 1080p with all settings as high as possible. The new graphics card I got is a Radeon R9 270 I was previously using the integrated graphics in my A10-6800K APU. Second Update: Developers were very helpful with responding to the issue about the swear words. Below is the explanation of how to fix this right now. ""What you can do right now is following:- go to options/sounds and set driver volume to zero or you can go to “select profile” menu, then select your profile name and choose edit button (pencil icon) and on driver voice select “none”""The developer also said the following about a future patch.""Now, what we will do in next patch is to make this to work automatically, we will create clean version of all voiceovers so that when you select “clean language” in the profile menu everything should be fixed to work automatically. ""I would now give the game a 4.5 stars out of 5."
76561198034569804,Recommended,243800,11511815,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,xXSFCShAdOwXx,Pretty good game. You will need a powerful computer to play it on max graphics though.
,Recommended,243800,15669642,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,intrd,"If you like Rock n Roll racing game style, you need to play this.. The true successor rocknroll racing on 1st person.. w/ steroids!cons...- to be perfect would need a multiplayer career mode ..- the game is heavy, is not very optimized for old computers .."
,Recommended,243800,16435152,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Shiro|Ast.,saw a chicken in the middle of desert. hit it and it become chicken drums.11/10 would hit chicken again
,Recommended,243800,18338420,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,A Bespeckled Cephalopod,Imagine Mad Max and Twisted Metal had a baby.Choose between Arnold Schwarzenegger or Duke Nukem to narrate your races.
,Recommended,243800,7343006,"Posted: 8 October, 2013",all,GuNNuP,One of the best car combat and arcade racing games ever created. Like in the past five years there has not been a better racing game.
76561198263727527,Recommended,243800,21597908,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,{F.o.F}Soutie12,Even though this was a cheap purchase i have enjoyed every second of this game.. It took me back to my childhood days playing HotWheels on PS1. If racing and building killer machines is your kind of adrenaline rush then i recommend this game for you.. awesome game.. This is not the typical heavy hardcore gamer type of game but it is deffinately a game that is fun and that will kill time.. :)
,Recommended,243800,7913419,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Psycold,"Probably the closest you can get to Twisted Metal on PC, although comparing it to Mario Kart or Blur wouldn't be far off the mark."
,Recommended,243800,14617417,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,khellendros74,"this game could have call him self Supercars 3Dit bring back all the good memory of the Amiga old school 2D driving car!mine, missile, turbo, etc...at first the game seems flat and slow, to explode in fun, action, frustration!"
,Recommended,243800,15845292,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Mikal kHill,This game is great dumb fun.  Drive around.  Shoot other cars.  Make them blow up.  Feel like your brain is being pulverized by the excruciating soundtrack.
,Recommended,243800,16438035,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,micro uzi,Its the type of game that reminds you of all the old demolition derby type games we used to play on the PS1 and PS2. Brought back memories.5/5
,Recommended,243800,17036383,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Heliotarra,If you like cars and you like explosions this game is for you
76561198177853426,Recommended,243800,14561000,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,SillyMoe420,if your a fan of  flatout and twisted metal you will enjoy this game the zombie add on is amazing
76561198022788194,Recommended,243800,15765581,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Hakke,"Gas Guzzlers is the best racing+fighting game i played so far. strap a gatling gun or a rocket launcher on your car and participate in insane races- all arcady fast and explosive fun.very nice visuals and awesome sound.highly recommendedi did not care too much about the zombie dlc though. it only features zombies in ""arena mode""- which i dont like to be honest. but thats just me probably everybody loves arena mode :P"
,Recommended,243800,20587591,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Kony2012,"If you have ever played Twisted Metal or Rumble Racing, then this game will feel right at home. It is my personal favorite combat racer for the PC because of the variety of weapons, cars, and tracks. It's a great game that doesn't take itself too seriously, and the humor is fantastic. Online is lacking players, but pick up the 4 pack when it goes on sale and get your buddies together for a great time."
,Recommended,243800,8467586,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,MattyRasker,"Were you a fan of Destruction Derby 2? Interstate 76 / 82? Vigilante 8?If so, then you are like me. Naturally, this game appealed to me greatly and with the few hours I've played it it takes me back to those days of endless racing and destruction on my Playstation 1.At the start, you begin with a Reliant Robin and you'll probably think ""My word, what have I purchased."" But give it time, the races get faster and more destructive and you'll soon get addicted.Highly recommended to fans of the above games. Recommended for anyone else."
76561198095603155,Recommended,243800,8050217,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,timbo,The BEST arcade racer / shooter ever  Recomended
76561197997966155,Recommended,243800,8630323,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,r¡sê ºƒ çhaös™,"No surprise here, just grab the demo.  Be sure to take some time to adjust the settings, I found with many of the special effects set to ""low"" (textures/anisotropy to max)  that the game still looks great and also runs smooth as silk.  Most fun I've had with a car game.    At first I found the non combat races lacking.. but by the time you unlock some of the higher tier cars, even the racing without the weapons is great.    I expected the tracks to run out long before they did.   Many thanks to the developers."
,Recommended,243800,11447830,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,M32James,"Great game, highly recommended!"
76561198003381569,Recommended,243800,12961446,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,valefor_sdad,"Nukes, railguns,  custom Paint jobs.Where can I get this at my Dealership.Fun game with  nice weight to the cars.Buy it if you liked games like ""Road Rash"""
,Recommended,243800,13339736,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Empty Slot,This game may be confusing in the begining but when you get it it is fun as hell
,Recommended,243800,7635746,"Posted: 11 November, 2013",all,Eduardo,Awesome game! Highly recommended if you like shooting games and cars. For me its the best racing game in years.
76561198091337647,Recommended,243800,12538934,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,biffus85,Awesome game good graphics cool cars fast paced explosive action
76561198044268197,Recommended,243800,29000667,Posted: 4 January,all,green4101,"Good fun racing game, jokes everywhere, wish I could buy the soundtrack the songs in the garage are funny."
76561197992790067,Recommended,243800,13157228,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,burtshello,"Think NFS Prostreet crossed with Unreal 3 Deathmatch. The graphics are decent too. Has pc joystick support.Runs nice on my htpc A6-3650@3.5ghz, Pair of 1gb HD-7850's, win7 64, 4gb mem, at 1080p with most of the graphics options turned on max.  So far the game has ran smooth with no glitches or dropped frames. The joystick a logitec attack3 usb set up easily too. The physics are good, it's easy to drive, it has arcade car handling that is fun and easy to play.After a few tracks you will want to turn off the cheezy in game music and put on your own music. It's a good game to play with music. It manages to be funny without resorting to being offensive."
,Recommended,243800,17108848,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,=SB= DudeKiller,"I'm not a race car game fan at all. But this game is a ""fighting"" race car!+ The controls and the gameplay is great, very, very, very arcade+ The way you get boost (destoy object, drift, hit opponents) forces you to drive like a maniac to win.+ In single player you unlock cars one by one.+ In multiplayer you have all the cars unlocked to have fun with the first game+ A lot of racing modes (normal, with guns, knockout,...) and figthing modes (deathmatch, capture the flag, last man standing, ...)+ Tons of funny achivement+ There is a lot of humour in the game- Not so many players in multi so get it with friends- Some weird waiting time in some menuThis game, go get it!"
,Recommended,243800,23750070,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Troll3Killer,Great Game!
,Recommended,243800,21327676,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,🐾 Happa,"Racing mode was a blast (or rather, a constant stream of blasts).Zombie mode (DLC) had me laughing the whole time.This game is just... Absolutely insane."
76561198271352455,Recommended,243800,21408363,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,andymc2045,I saw this on offer.. watched the video and was impressed.I saw the zombie mod.. watched the video and bought the game..It's like Unreal Tournament and NFS had a baby...I'm approx 5 hr's in and loving it.. worth every penny.Dedicated server options are easily customisable and the ingame vote menu plentyfull..I can see a few hours getting lost to this game...
,Recommended,243800,23483534,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,GeckoCox,"It's ok in short bursts,but get's repetitive within the hour,as there isn't much variety overall. The campaign is really grindy. Nice graphics though. Good car selection/custimisation,and the game is still supported by the dev's,which is commendable. Scratches my occasional driving itch,and worth buying on special."
,Recommended,243800,13209058,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Junk,Great combat game.
,Recommended,243800,12661935,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,BlancnOut,"Highly underrated for what it offers. It's a combat racer that's surprisingly very fun and it doesn't look like total tosh. I appreciate the humor, but I know some people will not like it, so take that as you will. If you're here looking for a cmobat racing game, this is definitely worth your attention."
76561198057931106,Recommended,243800,18468316,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,GG farmskins.com,"For an indie racing game it offers impressive graphics and physics, it's fun value even surpassess some of these days' full price AAA racing games."
,Recommended,243800,23818105,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Bailey,10/10
76561198082342078,Recommended,243800,23357138,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,SeriousGerbil,"HEHEHE, What A Mess!"
,Recommended,243800,18260767,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,GlimGlam,"Amazing Game.Great Guns,Amazing Physics And Badarse Cars.What Else Could You Ask For?"
,Recommended,243800,19764536,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Lord Ocean,"I've found this game to be pretty fun and funny.Was in the middle of race when I looked in the back window of my car and I was apparently smuggling blow up dolls.It is a racing game so full throttle without brakes will put you in the wall. You can roll out of it, hit nitro and start spraying everyone who passed you though.My only gripe....is you will want to  play with a controller. Is a bit frustrating trying to utilize all the functionality via keyboard.Multiplayer isn't dead, but it's certainly not full of players. Also mics are open. Played an entire competition listening to some Asian whispering to someone. He got my full attention via missiles."
,Recommended,243800,8326668,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Quodpipax,"It is really good game and I enjoyed it.I've completed singleplayer mode and here what I think.There are minuses:1) I don't like the engine, it is really wooden and sometimes unraceble.2) I don't like some tracks, they are making me angry, because I don't even see where to drive,  especialy rainy tracks, I've completed them by driving along the border and turning nitro (bad engine).Desert tracks have a lot of stuff so you can't see where are you driving (mini-map is no use here, because if you start looking at it, you'll definitely hit the wall).3) Almost all weapons are no use. My best choise is double-sided minigun, and there is no better weapon (sadly).4) I hate LAST MAN STANDING, because when there is only two players left the game can lasts forever.5) Stupid AI.Anyway, If there will be more racing tracks and better engine it would be really awesome game.I got my fun, I like this game, I haven't tried multiplayer yet, I think it's better then singleplayer.I hope this game will develop further."
,Recommended,243800,14575393,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Meriç,fine
76561198149177324,Recommended,243800,17168822,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Optimist Cryst,"A car combat game that doesn't lack too much in any aspect since there aren't too many that shine like this. It's a fun game to play alone or with others (if you find others online). While no local co-op, sadly, there is still much to enjoy in this simple gun toting racing game."
76561198155857872,Recommended,243800,17185960,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Intrepidus,"Great game, just the best fun i had with a racing game, and wait, you have guns too :). It's addictive and well optimised even if the graphics are not top notch, but i would recommend this anytime over all other big titles out there. It exceeded my expectations."
76561198043417150,Recommended,243800,8503126,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,ABYAY,"If you've ever watched the movie Death Race, this game can be called a similar replica to that movie, in terms of gameplay that is. There are few things more entertaining than raining bullets and missiles upon your foes while being in a race to the death, and if you get tired of racing, just go at it in a deathmatch and blow one another up! While the game has a crude sense of humor, which can be positive or negative, the gameplay is very smooth, the graphics are very nice, and with updates to come for online stability, things can only look better! If you want one more reason to get the game, it is very well priced."
,Recommended,243800,16157595,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Inflex,"For yeas I've been looking for a game like this.  Something I can kick back on the couch and drive like a maniac while blowing the bits out of anything I want ... and maybe driving on the tarmac now and then.Two thumbs up, if I weren't using them already on the controller."
76561198058269393,Recommended,243800,15960689,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Che Guevara,"13/10 pretty moisturizing, came a few timesits so metal"
,Recommended,243800,8284684,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Turtle,Awesome game! Well worth the money if you get it for cheap!
76561198041514595,Recommended,243800,8249236,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,fazza911,I like this Game a lot. Graphics are really well done and the soundtrack is really cool. It can be a little repeatative but overall its hours of fun. Really good value for the price.
,Recommended,243800,8390725,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Space Man,One of the most fun times in a racing simulator. So much fun. It's disturbing how fun this game is. It's amazing and worth every penny.
76561198094197443,Recommended,243800,32836900,Posted: 26 June,all,Zer0reZ,"A hidden gem, haven't played a decent racing game for yrs and this fills the gap for me. I like it when you can kill your opponent with shotgun, machine gun etc mounted on cars to win the race, its like death race. I prefer killing than winning."
76561197996562078,Not Recommended,243800,7350680,"Posted: 9 October, 2013",all,Captain Mental -TMC-,"Take Flatout ultimate carnage, take away some of the insane jumps and replace them with guns. Shot guns machine guns, rockets... customize your colors, you parts, your upgrades, get in the race and pick up some power ups like oil slick, land mines and smoke screen, add alot of nitro and the possibility to blow the opposition up. The kind of game made for multiplayer mayhem with an arcade twist.Sadly, this game doesn't age well and the graphics might have been decent for 2013, now in 2017 they are average at best. Car handling and physics aren't that good either. You might have some fun with it for a short while but on the long run you probably will end up uninstalling it."
,Recommended,243800,13218286,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,El Risitas,"If The Expandables was a racing game, this would be it!10/10,  My opponents may rest in PIECES."
76561198040135536,Recommended,243800,14558475,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,calebsfullreturn,"Im enjoying it so far, a racer/twisted mettel/destruction durby and now /zombie driver, its great they did a good job."
,Recommended,243800,16424215,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Brisket,If you own a steering wheel this game is a must have.  Just plain fun arcade racing.  Pick up and play.
76561198255895992,Recommended,243800,32383944,Posted: 13 June,all,Re-incarnator,Great game if you have a bunch of friends who love racing cars with weapons. cool graphics and soundtrack. enjoyed it thoroughly. Bought it as a pack of 4 to play with friends.
,Recommended,243800,15858918,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,KingOfManyWombats,"Really enjoyable game, fun to play, nice graphics, good customization settings! I would recommend this game!"
,Recommended,243800,16027885,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Clone303,yups this is Mad Max as a racing game and missions aka slngie player is really good and fun game when you feel like having guns on your car and stuff 10/10 no water
,Recommended,243800,19334284,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Xtreme23,nice game
,Recommended,243800,21901792,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,BagiGalaxy,:D
76561197960345814,Recommended,243800,7776048,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,StellarDad,awesome game for the money period...
76561198162169769,Recommended,243800,16394258,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Braunschweig Ingenohl Friedeburg,not bad for a badass racing action
,Recommended,243800,17363410,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,TrIcK.ftw,"When The Devs Saw Deathrace The Movie and Played Twisted Metal Game , The Same Night . Would Cosplay Again"
,Recommended,243800,29529984,Posted: 27 January,all,Raptomex,Excellent combat racing game. Check out our video review:https://youtu.be/ORr02G3hdVg
76561198042225625,Recommended,243800,15541743,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,ikkiyakki,Lost the first place to Mary Juana - 100% would puff-puff & wrrr-wrrr again!Good one to relax a bit after a long day in traffic.
,Recommended,243800,15912870,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,💀 Mintez 💀,"Great Game,the gamemodes are very good. The bot AI is perfect, maps are stunning, the cars are beautiful dont forget about the guns, the guns ohohoo you will love the guns.I Rate this game a 9/10"
76561198027517135,Recommended,243800,17666779,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Amor Paternal,"Incredibly fun! but I hope it gets an even bigger fanbase! very replayable, but I haven't even checked the Online Mode yet, hope its not all Matadors (you'll get what I mean)"
76561198160296569,Recommended,243800,20429151,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Wildpoepen,"exactly what I expected, no complaints."
,Recommended,243800,25552748,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,ShadowStryker112,Pretty good game!
,Recommended,243800,15828687,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Tonton,"The gameplay is really great and overall it makes a really fun battle racing game, but be warned the trailer is slightly deceiving making you think it includes 4-Player Split-Screen Local Multiplayer when it doesn't!"
76561198146464151,Recommended,243800,15930926,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,ted the rekt,good game
,Recommended,243800,16107398,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,MrEpicZach,"When I race, the game gets quite laggy, and whenever I press a button, the action happens 2 seconds later. It also takes forever for a race to load, and to get into your garage.But other than that, it's a really fun game- you get to race while shooting down opponents!!! :D And also, the names are really weird, such as: Lee Mealone, Kent Cook, Sam Urai, etc."
76561197993380223,Recommended,243800,16727349,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Motherball,"This is one of the best racing games I've played in a long long time. Like a cross between Need For Speed and Twisted Metal. Tons of gameplay options, unlocks, and customization. The cars are fun to drive, the tracks are cool and challenging, and the weapons are fairly diverse, with the only real obsoletion coming from models of the same guns which fire behind as well as forward. This is one of those games that is easy to pick up and hard to master; a game that I find myself thinking about in the middle of a work day or right before I fall asleep. I really admire games like that."
,Recommended,243800,19491127,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,TheMLGStove -TPF-,It is either this or duck game that has the best purcase value for me thus far :D love the game 0.5 of an hour playing. Fine job
,Recommended,243800,21290997,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,E s t e t i k a,"Gas Guzzlers Extreme adalah game racing atau balap mobil,namun bukan sekedar balap mobil,melainkan berbeda dengan balap mobil yang lainnya.Gas Guzzlers Extreme memiliki genre yang sama,seperti film death race yaitu balap mobil,namun juga bertarung menggunakan senjata,yang ada pada mobil yang kita gunakan,untuk mengalahkan lawan-lawan yang kita hadapi.Pada game Gas Guzzlers Extreme ini,kita bisa memodifikasi mobil yang kita gunakan,dan juga membeli senjata yang akan kita pasang,pada mobil yang kita gunakan untuk balap dan bertempur,layaknya seperti di film deth rice dimana yang selamat,terkuat dan tercepat dialah pemenangnya."
,Recommended,243800,21211460,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Mr Mofo,"Kinda like Flatout with less enviroment destruction but weapons added.The AI put up a race even on medium, and theres 2 modes Arcade or Normal and you can easy change anytime from main screen.Bought during sale, Zombie DLC is a good for a bit of something different.Not the most polished game, but has all you want from an arcade racer."
76561198196317915,Recommended,243800,21218870,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,raza092,just looks a bit out dated for me  ps2  in looks but thats just me but the game plays good
76561198040476475,Recommended,243800,11541319,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Smokey,"[Capture The Flag] While you are holding the flag the AI on your team refuse to defend you and will only try to ram you or drive long away from you and the opponent team AI (this mode is fun in multiplayer but in single this is bs)when AI on both teams doesn't even know how to play this game mode :/Mode is 10 minutes long and you can score 1 point and just drive to the other side of track and stay there for 6+ minutes holding the flag without you see any AI players this is no matter what difficulty you are playing on.Also some tracks is really bad optimized compared to all others tracks! this you find out about 30-40% into the gameps. the game is not as bad as it may sound""there are just these issues that you cannot look past, else this game is really fun so because of that it still gets a thumbs up!"
76561198035830497,Recommended,243800,13836158,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,ＦＡＴ ＮＩＧＧＡ🔰™,alot of fun to play cuz cars n♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,243800,15524631,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Dex~,"Probably one of the best combat racing games I've played in awhile, it feels like someone smashed together Destruction Derby, Burnout, and Twisted Metal then cranked up the graphics."
,Recommended,243800,16407257,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,scruberoni,"Cars, guns, oh god explosionsMiles better than Michael Bay movies"
76561198254539022,Recommended,243800,30323556,Posted: 4 March,all,parabolalien,"I AM RETRACTING EVERTHING I HAVE EVER SAID ABOUT THIS GAME, SO MANY BUGS AND ISSUESPositives -1. car racing and destruction is always fun and enjoyable2. customisation on all vehicles and unlocks and stickers and paint is good as well3. the locations and track are different and varied but not so much that it is a huge changeNegatives -1. the weapons do not do anything - 950 rounds from 2 miniguns into and enemy and the car is only at 50% damage even though you can get double damage it doesnt do anything. Shotguns are better and how?2. Ridiculous AI - i was 2 % off killing an enemy car and then he somehow went from 7th to 2nd on a straight in 3 seconds flat. - what?3. Your car does a full 180 degree spin when you hit a mine, or get stunned, or get hit once by a shotgun on straightThis game could be so good, but after the first hour or 2 you start to notice all the issues and bugs, and thats what is frustrating. Weak♥♥♥♥♥weapons, driving controls are tolerable but not great, unfair AI, wierd objectives. They did have a multiplayer but i guess they shut down due to lack of players.It may just be me that is having issues and bugs with this game but due to it being out for over 5 years i think they will always stay in the game - it was fun and enjoyable while it lasted. 6/10This has been my personal experience - if you don't like my review feel free to buy this game and play it for yourself. :)"
,Recommended,243800,32483229,Posted: 16 June,all,Майкл,Love This Game Played The Singler Mode And Is Pretty fun Has A fun gameplay and I Own The DLCs as well as the game both are very fun and very enjoyable you get what you bought thats for sure!
76561198014440173,Recommended,243800,19650785,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,♕ DogGo ♕,is a good game
76561198134547864,Recommended,243800,19738945,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Natural Selection,fun after 3 seconds.
76561197986298358,Recommended,243800,14547887,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Merch,Cars and guns=Fun  7/10
,Recommended,243800,16399950,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,The Patyman,"Ok, this is a reworked version of my review so let me try this again.Gas Guzzlers Extreme is a car combat arcade racer, that type of genre that is usually missing in action when it comes to racing. There is a very high amount of cars that are parody versions of their real life counterpart (this is the only racer I know of that lets you race in a Reliant Robin), a ton of game modes,  maps, and weapons, as well as pick ups in races.. Graphics and performace wise, this game is very pretty. Really impressive damage models on the cars where they can have bullet holes, dented metal, and falling off parts. My only gripe is that there isn't that many people on the American servers, but hopefully those numbers will grow.Great game overall!"
,Recommended,243800,17786798,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Horizon,At the start I had big problems.. but the dev never stopped personally helping me! What a legend.. great game great devs!
,Recommended,243800,19075074,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,KakePPr,Fun! That`s the only thing u need to know. SO FUN! :D
,Recommended,243800,19650749,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Ace42,Fantastic game.Good G27 Steering Wheel support right out-of-the-box.Highly recommend.
,Recommended,243800,19693366,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,ExistenceIsPain,"My friend wanted me to buy it.He described as ""Mario Kart with guns.""Literally those exact words. Well I bought, I played it for a 30 minutes, and I like it. It's not GOTY obviously but it is definitely fun and enjoyable. Gonna play more with friend."
,Recommended,243800,19696045,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,ramakrueger,This is what you got when you blend Flatout and Twisted Metal.10/10 Ridiculously random stuff in the trunk.
76561198158603585,Recommended,243800,28105692,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Booraz,A car combat racing game.
,Recommended,243800,31508041,Posted: 2 May,all,Zaphod 👽 Beeblebrox,Good fun
,Recommended,243800,16682025,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,ServerError404,"Lots of badass cars, action-packed races, and explosions that would make Micheal Bay wet"
,Recommended,243800,16833073,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Drockster,"This game is fun and addicting. I mostly play single player and still love the game. If you catch it on sale even better, but is worth the money either way! Beautiful seamless and fast paced! The weapons at first are kinda weak as well as the cars, but just wait until you get to the good stuff. Love this game and will be playing online once I actually have a better connection."
76561198077425533,Recommended,243800,19123903,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,sörn11,"A racing game with a great potential.I still cannot recommend it because you can encounter an issue which makes it impossible to progress and finish the campaign (the campaign is the core of the game since multiplayer is almost nonexistent nowadays).EDIT:I now recommend this game because the issue I encountered has a fix (see comments)To be honest though I haven't played it enough to be 100% sure whether I fully recommend it after more playtime...But so far, so good!"
76561198066571031,Recommended,243800,19677050,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,lord karnage,I got a contract from buttwiserNOICE!!
,Recommended,243800,28382451,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,- HardyBoy [YT] emerald.gg,good game
76561198049791783,Recommended,243800,10908926,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Kimosabi,Any game where you're allowed to have an Arnold Shwarz-i dont know how to spell his name as your driver constantly spewing out insults and pulling toiler humour gets my thumb of approval.Also the cars with shewty rockets and machiny guns is also pretty cool.Definetly reccomend it if you have an immature sense of humour like me or like shananigans #10/10wouldplayagain
,Recommended,243800,14602849,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,roflBeck,"It's like Unreal with cars, and on its day off it's a racing game."
76561198129462986,Recommended,243800,15590260,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Black Jester,"Great game and lots of fun and challenges , only one complaint the graphics power its using does not equate to the performance  I see rendered ... Ive got some other games with as good graphics that demand far less from my system .. the exchange doesnt make any sense at all ... basicaly if you have a medium graphics card you are going to struggle with this at good settings.update // recently purchased a gtx 750 ti  card ... its  entry level in the high range of  cards and cost me only  $200 (you can probably get it cheaper but I was in a hurry) ... this game runs flawlessly in max settings ... frame rates between 50 -60  everything maxed out.   Definatley buy this game if you have a decent card ... one of the most fun games I own from steam , I love it !"
,Recommended,243800,18242945,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Ystah,"Fun! Close to N.I.C.E. & Interstate.+ Humor (You race against Alotta Fagina and Co.)+ Music (On Spot)+ Announcer+ Hard (I coudln't finish every race #1 at medium)+ The Arcade Driving Model~ Graphics are o.k., You don't have much time to look at anything anyway- However not enough guns, not enough deadly upgrades (like in is76 or is82!- You need a top result (1 or 2?) in the races to advance"
,Recommended,243800,18890218,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,ServantOfCthulhu,"This game is just awesome. It's kind of like blur but improved in every way.  The graphics are freaking awesome and the car destruction is very realistic for a video game. The car customization is very deep and detailed. The car selection is huge and so is the track selection. This is the farthest you can get from grinding. You can afford at least two good upgrades every time you win a race. Although making money is very easy, it doesn't ruin the game in any way. There is nothing that needs improving and again, this is the best racing game ever. Almost forgot, there is ale a death match mode. You drive around, picking up weapons, boosts, and health while trying to get the most kills. Simply awesome."
76561198001895313,Recommended,243800,9540603,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,cbr,not that great if you are over 12
76561198067397190,Recommended,243800,11362774,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Eap123,Gas Guzzlers Extreme is well-made game.campaign: Keep winning to rank up and attain more goodies.multiplayer: Not this game's savior. It's basically setup like a 1990's PC multiplayer game. Can be complicatedgraphics: Beautiful but full of aliasing. The anti-aliasing in the game is bad.Sound: One of the strongest suits in the game. The music is full of Heavy metal Rock.overall: 82/100 Just get this game already.
76561198031051645,Recommended,243800,15612485,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,*******007,"This game is alot of fun. Lots of tracks, cars, weapons and various sinister ways of exacting doom and revenge on your fellow racers. This game is what I wanted when I bought the Flatout 4 pack (which I hate).You can change your cars attributes, upgrade, gain sponsors for more money, lose sponsors, etc.The best part about being weaponized is that your skill in tactics can/could always beat the AI who would otherwise escape with an eternally full tank of boost."
,Recommended,243800,15830567,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Jannenator,Fun and good  vechicular combat game 4/5
76561198061543041,Recommended,243800,16423899,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,david.chase96,"Make sure your Graphic card is above 3.0 ghz and you will like this game otherwise you won't have much fun.The graphics and game play is only as good as your computer in this case.  In other words this game would rock if I had a better computer.  As for what I observed durring my game time in the game it reminded me of the movie Death Race, pretty fun idea and game.  So have fun good luck."
,Recommended,243800,16806407,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Krum555.000,The game is poorly made and the damage model is even more than poorly made it's♥♥♥♥♥♥ It's just not worth the price they sell it for!EDIT: it looks like it was from the gamemode that i played so i will give it another try (this was originally a negative review)
76561198138112085,Recommended,243800,17319369,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,nells112358,"This game is a blast!  Great graphics and sound, nice cars and upgrades.  The funnest racing game I have played in years."
,Recommended,243800,18327376,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Reponja123,weri good
76561198224660968,Recommended,243800,19262708,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Black horse JP,ストレス発散には最高です
76561198015903541,Recommended,243800,28389700,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Miss Brujah Brilliant,In A Nut Shell: Rally Cross Racing Meets Twisted Metal. Class!
76561197962667928,Recommended,243800,16319868,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,[SGV] Giovanni,It works now. No idea what i did. Will review the game tomorrow. For now since it works and i got two races in. Seems legit.
,Recommended,243800,21373908,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Dear_Blank,Cost less than £5 and is absolutely hilariosu fun. Fantastic selection of cars too!
76561198269321349,Recommended,243800,21400946,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Hey african thats my bike,sick mate
76561197995417364,Not Recommended,243800,21285666,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Jonny-o,"I really want to like this more. It's a nice throwback to games like Twisted Metal and Carmageddon. The humor is awesome. The upgrades are awesome. The music is awesome.But...The driving is extremely mediocre. The cars need to handle a bit more arcade-like for this kind of game. They feel heavy, the cars don't turn, and it takes weeks to get back up to speed when you hit something. Even standing on the nitro you rarely get a sense of speed.The tracks need to be less annoying. I'm talking Nitro-ing through a straight and then of course there's a strategically placed pillar right as you enter the turn to stop you dead. This, and other ""don't go fast"" annoyances are far too common in this game. Who the hell wants to approach turns with caution in a game like this? I love more tactical games like Grid, but if I want that I'll go play Grid.These annoyances really start to become glaring about 10 hours into the game when the difficulty ramps up. At some point it stops feeling like a smash-mouth racing battle and it starts necessitating too much deep thought, strategic pick-ups and conservative nitro-ing. In fact, not firing your weapons starts to feel like the better option in most cases, and how dumb is THAT??It's very close to being a good game but these flaws keep it squarly in the garage.  Worth picking up on sale for less than $10 if your curiosity must be satisfied."
,Recommended,243800,16497211,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Paradise Decay,"Gas Guzzlers Extreme is a fast, furious, armed-to-the-teeth, trigger-happy shooter, shifted into top gear!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SDhZK_DnnAsTake a white knuckle ride in this crazily addictive combat racing game that features a ton of vehicles, weapons, upgrades, on-track bonuses and environments. Gas Guzzlers Extreme is an exciting new twist on the car combat experience with the addition of furious team/clan combat battles.Players start out with low performance vehicles and soon work their way up to high-performance models, by earning money in a series of hi-octane races and arena battles. New game modes, tracks and vehicles are unlocked as players progress through the game. Along with developing their driving and fighting skills, players can spend their hard-fought cash, customizing their vehicle to match their clan members or pimping their ride for the road to glory! - Recommended!"
,Recommended,243800,8763969,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,sHAKA*,"A+++ What an amazing experience so far. I have always been racing games fan and honestly its way better than any other game out there. Don't think, just buy it..."
,Recommended,243800,30724598,Posted: 25 March,all,"*ola, que pasa ?!",Crazy in the positive way !!! :D
76561198091083816,Recommended,243800,34945679,Posted: 14 September,all,Fox,Like Death Race the movie.......but much better.
76561198023198387,Recommended,243800,25586510,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,_Caball3ro_,I love games where you have to fight and earn money/power to slowly get better cars/upgrades and not just atart straight away with the best ones...the rewards you get makes this game beautiful and satisfying. I really recommend it !
,Recommended,243800,15985489,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,cheesemcphee,"Top Banana, although I was lucky enough to catch it on a Daily Deal. I don't think I would've paid full whack for it. I just wanted something quick, and fun, to play....something to kill 15-20 minutes at a time. Saying that, the first time I played it I think I was on for about 2 hours (highly addictive).10/10 at Daily Deal price6/10 at £18.99 (although having played it I would probably be willing to fork out about £12.99 just for the mass destruction and general playability.)"
,Recommended,243800,8219865,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Hybridkiller13,This has A LOT of dirty and clever jokes and humour. This one of my most played and favorite games that i have on Steam.
76561198074920944,Recommended,243800,19757555,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Warspite,"Pretty fun game reminds me of Twisted Metal and Mario Kart. Levels can get repetative at times but they throw enough new levels at you that it is not to bad. Good Variety of weapons, I personally like to get up close and personal with a shotty but you can blast from range with a gattling gun or rocket launchers, whatever floats your boat. I can only see this game getting better if the devs continue adding onto it.8/10"
76561198060622875,Recommended,243800,17575140,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,XileGentro,would love to give this game a good review but sadly even tho the game play is solid the mutliplayer servers are all but empty. good in a group setting but not much replay value after the first run through solo.
,Recommended,243800,20275325,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,DoshDosh,"I was thinking what to buy ... what game i need...The final was between this and Age Of Empires III. I played many house in AoE3, good gameplay, great strategy...Last day, last thinking... and that game was in query list. Hm, interesting game! That game HAVE A DEMO! Okeyyyy...Downloaded demo, played 5 minutes - finished first race. Just knew - i WANT THIS GAME RIGHT NOW!Great action, great race. Just think - FlatOut + guns. This is like this. Mayby less objects on map, but gameplay is amazing! That feeling of speed, that feeling of fun!Enjoy. I just think, how much fun give me the DLC with zombies... :D"
76561198176326135,Recommended,243800,25384919,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,lordofconquer,twisted metal brother in law
,Recommended,243800,14964326,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,caseyc (VEGAN),"Updated:  Seems as if the lag issues are on my end so will base it on the game rather than my issues which seem isloated.Its a fun game, if you like road redemption, twisted metal,  racing and combat and lots of action you will not regret it.  From the time I played its as good and unique in its own ways as the aforementioned for a better price too and supports a company that listens to us!I'll play it in the future when my pc is updated."
,Recommended,243800,16805350,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Tomblo,this game simply awesomeDEATH RACE!!!!!!!
,Recommended,243800,20239417,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Saxxy AF,This game is like Mario Kart and Team Fortress 2 taken way to far. I love this game and everything seems to run amazing on my computer.Computer Specs.Regular LaunchCPU: i7-5700HQGPU: nVIdia GTX960MFPS: 120-140 most f the time64-bit launchCPU: i7-5700HQGPU: nVIdia GTX960MFPS: 60 FPS lock but amazing models and great for recording
,Recommended,243800,19891058,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,codenchips,"It's a blast!  It's Flatout, with guns!It's not a sim! It doesn't take itself too seriously but it is very well executed and highly polished.Bought in the sale but I'dI'd still be happy with it if I'd paid the full price."
76561197980079751,Recommended,243800,20177103,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,DeiMama,Very nice Twisted Metal clone!A few more Weapons would be nice but its ok8/10 should clone again
76561198069224857,Recommended,243800,20348426,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,organicpeach,absolutely fantastic game. a muct buy for anyone whose even a mild interest in battle racers
,Recommended,243800,14503873,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,D1|Crazy_ChiefXxX|LogitechGaming,this game is amazing! Gas Guzzlers is a close look-a-like remake of an older Pc game from the 90's Iterstate 82 and interstate 76 which were the best games to play.
76561198177002086,Recommended,243800,21272395,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Freaty Clalk,"Definitely a good game with a really fair price, but it's just not what I really want.Still, this game is worth buying."
76561198016571610,Recommended,243800,19856224,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Silentlightning,"10/10 for awesomenessit's Flat out 2 to the whole next level, there is 2 ways to win a race, come first, kill everyone else before the finish line"
,Recommended,243800,8505562,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Zed,"The game appears to have combined the combative racing nature of Blur crossed with some of stylings and carnage from Flatout 2.The graphics are certainly pleasing but can't help think that something is missing.Not sure the game is worth the $25 price tag (got mine during steam sales) or the 11GB install for that matter, but I did find myself enjoying the game and hope it picks up.Perfect for multiplayer sessions where you can sledge your mates."
76561198116820080,Recommended,243800,19920215,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,f4b10rms,"I have played almost 30 hours of this game so far. It is a good, funny game.If you watch the gameplay you will notice it has nice graphics and good soundtrack.Besides that, I believe the best thing about it, when compared to previous versions, is that in this one they included tons of tracks, weapons and cars. That´s why I have spent some good 30 hours playing it.Lately I have enjoyed playing it online with friends, it is very easy to set up and it works just fine.It is simply funny, an enjoyable game,for a good price I think."
76561198024652087,Recommended,243800,16254321,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Joey Wan Kenobi,"Great game, lots of fun.Don't get suckered into the $h!t dlc's for it though."
,Recommended,243800,16209786,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,kill all nazis,game is kind of fun but it should have split screen
76561198001722133,Not Recommended,243800,19656413,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,EvilWopper,"Was expected way more fun with this game.Gamepad support (Xbox 360's in my case) is next to non-existent - can't drop mines you use any specials :(Also, the gamepad works awfully in the menus, and I have to reach for the mouse.Gameplay is very repetitve and after you have flawlessly lead for a few laps (pickin' and usin' all the nitros) competitors suddenly start gaining on you by the end of the game. WTF???"
,Not Recommended,243800,20308326,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Electromistress,"Bought during holiday sale, was very interested to try it since it's a developer from my country. Turns out, the game is extremely laggy even on the lowest settings, the cars are absolutely uncontrolable and while they look pretty shiny and all, the enviroment looks very low-poly and bad. Flatout 2 is a much better game even though it's older. The ""humor"" is forced and on the level of a 5 year old.And to think I could have bought The Talos Principle for the same money instead."
76561198083022739,Recommended,243800,23018088,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Owerlord,────────────────────────▄▀▄─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─▀█▀█▄─────────────────────────█──█──█─────────────────────────█▄▄█──▀█────────────────────────▄█──▄█▄─▀█────────────────────────█─▄█─█─█─█────────────────────────█──█─█─█─█────────────────────────█──█─█─█─█────▄█▄──▄█▄────────────█──▀▀█─█─█──▄█████████────────────▀█───█─█▄▀─▄███████████────────────██──▀▀─█▄█████████████────────────█─────███████████───▀▀█▄─────────▀█────█████████───▀▀▀──█──────────█────███████───────██─▀█─────────█────█████──▄──────────▀█────────█────█ Look son███──█──────▀▀█───▀█───────█────█ a good Game███─▀─██──────█────▀█──────█────████─────────────────▀█─────█────████──────────────────█─────█────████─────────────▄▀───█─────█────█████─────────▄▄██────█▄────█────█████────────██████────█────█────██████────█──███████▀──█───▄█▄▄▄▄███▀▀██────▀─██▄──▄█───█───█─────███▄──────────██████───█───█─────█─██▄────────────▄▄────█───█─────█─███████─────────────▄█───█─────█──██████─────────────█───█▀─────█──▄███████▄─────────▄█──█▀──────█─▄█─────▄▀▀▀█───────█───█───────█▄█────────█──█────▄███▀▀▀▀──────██──▄▀▀────────█──▄▀──█──────────██────█─────────█─────█──────────██────────▀█────█─────█─────────███───────────────█──▄█▀─────────██──────────██───█▀▀▀───────────██───────────────█──────────────██▄─────────────██──────────────█─█▄────────────█───────────────█──██▄────────▄███▀▀▀▀▀▄────────█─█▀─▀█▄────────▀█──────▀▄──────█─█────▀▀▀▀▄─────█────────▀─────█─█─────────▀▄──▀───────────
76561198076463136,Not Recommended,243800,21323270,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,The Patient,"This game isn't all it's hyped up to be.  The FPS drops every time I start a race.  It goes back up but keeps fluctuating.  It even lacks a split-screen option which is one of the main reasons I play car battle games.  There's nothing particularly bad about the gameplay, overall it's solid but don't expect anything groundbreaking, it's all been done in other games before.For the price, I certainly would'nt recommend this game to anyone. For avid fans, I'd say the game might be worth 20$ with all DLCs but if you're just a casual gamer you might want to look into something else."
,Not Recommended,243800,21271273,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Randosaurus Rex,"I don't even know where to start, this game is just ♥♥♥♥ing awful in every single way possible. +1 point for x64 support tho."
,Not Recommended,243800,21068254,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,MittenFacedLad,"Just couldn't get into it. Terrible controls. Uninstalled after about an hour. Very shallow, and not nearly as fun as it would seem."
76561198044681552,Not Recommended,243800,21271533,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,SmoosD,No australian serversNo playersHorrible driving physics
76561198011143515,Recommended,243800,8185296,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Itchytoe,Love the game.
76561198236145494,Not Recommended,243800,30457881,Posted: 11 March,all,Gordon_Fan,"In all honesty this game is decent. I love almost every aspect of this game; however, while I do like most the one thing I hate is the reason I can't recommend this game.If you receive this as a give I recommend you play it. This game pretty much combines Mario Kart with almost any FPS. With the actual gameplay it's very good; however, that is excluding the bad side.Now while I have a 64 bit computer windows 10 with 6GB RAM the reaction of the controls suck. I have seen countless times that the game either over corrects and I go in circles or it doesn't even start until i'm off track in the corner when I started turning before the corner. The game I know for a fact doesn't lag, the controls are perfectly fine; however I still can't stop my self from going in circles at least a couple times a lap and even the AIs have trouble doing so."
,Recommended,243800,16691835,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,RAID Noir - Mining or Idling,"15 hours to complete all tournaments1. Majority of the game was played in medium difficulty. tried Impossible but it REALLY was impossible.8.5/10 The game and race are good, my problem was the gameplay when racing and you are only allowed to use 1 weapon. There are only a few viable weapons in game from my perspective. I believe even AI's dont use the other weapons as well. AIs in Arena modes are predictable. Performace was GREAT played on both a 5 year old PC and a cheap laptop. Probably the first game i saw that used the ""pixel quality""   The game is still fun. Played a few rounds in multiplayer. Better races if you can find other players.Bonus point for having an active developer correcting my mistakeNeeds improvement on AI as well.as the core gameplay with only using 1 weapon in battle races and last man standing hurts its replayability for me. AI can be improved but not really necessary for the mode i am having issues with.Rare achievemnt Hunter:I somehow lost a game but got a IMPOSSIBLE difficulty badge even though I was the first to die. and the achievement requireme to kill ALL HAHAHA"
76561197992192514,Not Recommended,243800,21061057,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,McKillin,"I've give this game a ""meh"".. Luckily I only paid $5.60 CDN as it was on sale. The reviews for this game were so compelling, I had to buy it, but I feel ripped off, eventhough I only paid 5 buks.I give this game a 60/100. The graphics are ok, the driving feel is not that great. A game similar to this with better graphics, better driving feel, and overal realism is Flatout: Ultimate Carnage.I dont know why this game is given such high reviews, honestly its just not that good.Don't buy it, unless you are dying for a new game and only pay next to nothing."
,Recommended,243800,28380212,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Kunogi,The game are very nice in almost all aspects!Saddly there's no much people playing at this moment.Hopefully there will be more people in the future!
,Not Recommended,243800,21138569,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Opus,"It does NOT have local couch multiplayer, despite the video showing 4 way split screen. Whal the hell...The gameplay itself is sluggish"
,Recommended,243800,25385979,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Sense of CLouD,çok zevkli oyun gençler fakat multiplayer bomboştu girdiğimde. haberiniz olsun.
,Recommended,243800,33778143,Posted: 24 July,all,u know i had to do it 2 em,its like burnout lmao
,Not Recommended,243800,21014476,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,drukqs,"Bought it on sale and I still regret it. Total garbage. Ammunition is EXTREMELY scarce, the AI cheats..."
76561198271961984,Not Recommended,243800,21310591,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Squanto,Driveing controls suck                    Fix turning!!!!
,Recommended,243800,19940450,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Nora (Birthday in 3 days),"Imagen if mad max, twisted metal, and mario cart could have a baby now remove all negative effects from inbreeding.and you have Gas Guzzlers Extreme.possibly the best single player racing game on steam"
,Not Recommended,243800,19708727,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,[OvHb]Greedy,Open game. Watch opening. Create Driver. *CRASHES*
76561198059402045,Not Recommended,243800,21079335,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,ergorapido,"A truly great game made by a great developer, however i cannot give this game a thumbs up from the experience that i have had so far.Sadly the game uses direct x9 which is fine, however despite it being a game produced in 2013, direct x 11 doesnt exist exist for the game.This however is nothing in comparison to the games stability as it constantly crashes no matter how hard i try, the 64 bit version of the game is very unstable and sometimes crashes on launch and the fps of the game is sometimes woeful for its age and graphics, the game can often feel very sluggish in reguards to the gameplay and the frames can suffer realy badly.If you dont believe me, just search it up. The community have posted about this for years and the developers seem to be either ignoring the issues or taking way to long to fix them, especially as they have only just released a christmas match which is a sad sign that this wont ever be fixed :("
76561198076395257,Not Recommended,243800,21384981,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Sloty,"WARNING: Do not buy this game if you want to play in split screen . The video game gives the impression of being local multiplayer with split screen, but actually is not . The game looks good, but just bought to be able to have fun in family . I made the return of the same .ATENÇÃO: Não compre esse jogo se quiser jogar em divisão de tela. Pelo vídeo o jogo passa a impressão de ser multijogador local com divisão de tela, porém na verdade não é. O jogo parece ser bom, mas só comprei para poder me divertir em familia. Fiz a devolução do mesmo."
76561198035188199,Not Recommended,243800,24357585,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Thrashmangler,The problem with this game is when the levels get harder your car stops work correctly and yet all the AI cars can turn and get grip. Its not a level field and when your car doesnt do what it has been doing you get frustrated . The game is not programmed smartly. Half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥attampt at at shooter driver. Even with the 4 gig upgrade this game is just frustrating
76561198080696031,Not Recommended,243800,15520586,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,sacrusha,"The handling of the car is weird. Not as much fun as Blur, Flatout 2, or Split/Second. Just play the demo before buying."
76561198014768887,Not Recommended,243800,19589454,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,underwood_90,"It's unfortunate that a game which seems like it is tailor made for playing in the living room with friends simply refuses to work with Steam Link and controllers.I bought the game because it promised 'full controller support' but nothing I can do will allow me to use my XBOX wireless controllers while streaming the game to my TV via the Link box.Yes, I have used this set up successfully with multiple other games."
76561198060815448,Not Recommended,243800,19702511,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,OGbobman,Its not fun at all! Not fun!
,Not Recommended,243800,19555783,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,komlev88,Mediocre!!!
,Not Recommended,243800,21676649,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,NullaPax,Buy Flatout ....
,Recommended,243800,33787967,Posted: 25 July,all,Sharon Cox,I may have played 10 minutes but the game is amazing!Really fun!It is on sale go buy it! I think it's worth the prize!
76561197978423729,Not Recommended,243800,12482441,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Floyd ^A^,Another game where you oversteer and lose all the time.There's no reason to make an arcade driving game nextto unplayable except to hide the fact that the gameplay actually isshallow and routine.
,Recommended,243800,33789438,Posted: 25 July,all,Kirillg38,Good 6/10
,Not Recommended,243800,16409341,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,FRYLOCK904,"This is quite possibly the worst multiplayer interface i've ever had to deal with, it's basically based on the minecraft system, and acts as seperate part of the game, so you can't make a server and play on it with friends unless you have two computers with each having a copy, absolutely terrrible!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198149019898,Not Recommended,243800,16494727,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,V1p3r#ForStrumfita,I have pro PC and is go lag
,Not Recommended,243800,19861319,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Androox,I bought the game on Dec 20 for 38.69$ and now on Dec 21 the game is 7.73$Steam doesnt want to refund me because I ''played'' 12h (game opened afk)
,Not Recommended,243800,14799306,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Phantom,"Just don't buy it. It isn't similar to Twisted metal, its a crap not worth a penny. Co-op is a tragedy."
,Not Recommended,243800,8407770,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Jebus H Cripes,"While I had high hopes for this game, and it IS a pretty solid racer in its own right, but the multiplayer is a joke (multiplayer being the main reason to pick this up).1.  There is no peer/client listen server option.  The only way to play a private match with your friends is to run your own dedicated server.  Yes, the devs believe it's 1998.2.  The peak number of players in the WORLD at one time is 200-ish people, right after the Steam Xmas sale.  This will drop back down to a dozen on a busy day in a week.3.  Even if you want to bother setting up a server, opening up ports, and MANUALLY GIVING YOUR FRIENDS THE IP TO CONNECT TO (that's right, it's a quakeserver!), there's no steamworks integration.  Seriously.It's like the devs decided they wanted to make a game with zero future.If you can get this for $2, it's worth it for the singleplayer, but not much more than that, as by the time you can pick it up at that price, there will be no one in the world playing (that's 2 weeks from now btw), but maybe you can sucker a few of your friends to pick it up and you can pretend it's the 90s again and feel the nostalgia of setting up and running an external dedicated server that you give the IP to your buddies to play for 15 minutes and then never play again.Pretty sure we'll never see another game from this developer.  That's a good thing."
76561197990619266,Recommended,243800,9412892,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,DZ NUTZ,Game never launches for me
,Not Recommended,243800,16399652,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,tmossboss,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bm_Cwrhzago- Reason why I don't play this game anymore. Like it was fun at first but I don't know what to think of it now.
76561198101454381,Not Recommended,243800,12280833,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,kkechagias,actually thats a bad copy of the game BLURTrue value of the game is 2.99$4/10
76561198343587081,Not Recommended,243800,33862111,Posted: 28 July,all,barewired52,can't get game to go past profile  setup click on check mark and nothing happens try doing over and still nothing
,Not Recommended,243800,33797040,Posted: 25 July,all,Blackdragonbird,"Unfortunately there are no neutral recommendation.Game is fun, good graphics and gameplay, controls overall are very arcade but responsive. Unfortunately It says that it have full controller support, but, do not recognize my Xbox One S Controller correctly by Bluetooh, only by wire. By bluetooth it is seem as a generic bluetooth controller, what make me have to assign every button for it's function, there is no automatic mapping, AND I can't use Forcefeedback for it, and even used by wire some menus and options can't be selected by controller, you still need to use mouse for it, very annoying, also you can't rotate the camera to look at your cool car in the garage by controller also, still need mouse for it. I don't have a long cable for it, and I'm not going to buy a cable that costs more than the game itself.The offical forum of the game was inacessible when I bought the game, so, I had no way to get my controller working properly, and no one even bothered to help me in the steam forums.The game is worth it if you have a wired control or don't bother to play with limited control support. But is worth only in sales."
76561198082601320,Not Recommended,243800,33828997,Posted: 27 July,all,Denkk,Seems like all the budget went to graphics
,Not Recommended,243800,13344338,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,islandPIg 🐝,"horse pucky, runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,243800,10103805,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Hiijinx,"The videos, screenshots and reviews painted an entirely different picture from what we discovered in this game.Good ideas, but it feels very negleted to the point where we only saw a total of 3 players online, it felt more like a mini game from UDK or similar, not a full production.Pros- Nice graphics- Nice design idea- Quirkly, off the wallCons- A total of 3 people showed online - should have raised suspicions then!- Cannot fire with mouse, ENTIRELY reliant on keyboard controls- Boring gameplay - no real sense of satisfaction in weapons- Repetative after 2 racesLuckily it was on sale but IMO not even worth £6"
76561197971168866,Not Recommended,243800,8545298,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Rug,Not particularly enjoyable. Poor controls
76561197976180566,Not Recommended,243800,24309022,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,GizmoMechanic,"playing the first race, was awesome, not perfect drving but, slick graphics and engaging battles during a race.but  thenI get done with the first race and I have to drive a slow, mini cooper look a like or a 3 wheeled car??this is such a slap in the face to racing lovers, hate it when games do this waste of time, very low level crap."
,Not Recommended,243800,11355789,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Sgt.Knox,car is all over the place and the ai dont now what the hell they are doing
,Not Recommended,243800,8656848,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,LOOK WHAT YOU MADE ME DOOOOO,"Unoptimized to the point of being unplayable. Stick with Blur, or maybe Wipeout; they're much classier games, anyway."
76561198113539128,Not Recommended,243800,9463341,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Skippy7601,A waste of money and time!!
76561198044674844,Not Recommended,243800,10107018,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,SUPERWHITEBOY,the came sounds and looks awsome but can i please get my money back my computer doesnt quite run it the way i thought it would. sorry for being a hassel but i would gratelly appriciate getting a full refund.
,Not Recommended,243800,24544048,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Jonken,not as dank as i wanted it to be
76561197999258939,Not Recommended,243800,23299451,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Shelby,Lame sawwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwce
76561198067062279,Not Recommended,243800,33012903,Posted: 29 June,all,Meat Popsicle,the keyboard setup makes no sense and these is no contoller support.
,Not Recommended,243800,33775820,Posted: 24 July,all,Zed2100,"Bad voice acting, no xbox 360 controller support, bad menus, no tutorials, average racing mechanics, if you want a truly fun race & shoot experience, I recommand Blaze Rush instead."
76561197992189008,Not Recommended,243800,24261898,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,chaos,new patch full bulshitnow game is♥♥♥♥♥
76561197961575651,Not Recommended,243800,33795034,Posted: 25 July,all,Zarunil,.
,Not Recommended,243800,30692619,Posted: 23 March,all,Aech,Sucks dont buy it
76561198160687322,Not Recommended,243800,30268726,Posted: 1 March,all,billgrisham,NORTON ANTI VIRUS HAS REPORTED A TROJAN HORSE  3 TIMES
,Not Recommended,243800,33778197,Posted: 24 July,all,dank meme,hella♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,243800,33778191,Posted: 24 July,all,Hotness,hella♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,243800,20723195,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Night,"Solid racing game with good car-handling (to be an arcade-focused game).  The closest you'll (ever?) get to the old  Carmageddon-games. This is in fact superior to the new Carmageddon-game. Better in every way, espesially performance where the new Carmageddon-game has serius problems."
76561198022043814,Recommended,243800,7447593,"Posted: 21 October, 2013",all,♛BANE♛,MAD GAME!!!
,Recommended,243800,7350337,"Posted: 9 October, 2013",all,SilencerT,"Good game, worth the price."
,Recommended,243800,7460200,"Posted: 23 October, 2013",all,Golem,Kind of a N.I.C.E. 2 in a modern variant. Highly addictive.
76561197971211039,Recommended,243800,8518468,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,CoUMa,Good Game
,Recommended,243800,8729176,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,TG,"Do not get me wrong in any way: I love to play this game. I am a big fan of arcady vehicular combat games and this one delivers in spades - but wait until it goes on sale... $25 is really only worth paying for if you're really into the genre, or you're like  me where you fell in love with the game after trying the demo."
76561198006714408,Recommended,243800,8421331,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Big Dick Bazuso,"Lots of fun, but not a lot of life since almost no one plays it on MP anymore."
76561197975446594,Recommended,243800,8403400,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,quail8,more than i expected lots of fun
,Recommended,243800,8760014,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,ThePostalFreak,"I have to admit that I've never been into car games. However after watching some thrillers and played the demo, I became quickly addicted and bought instantly the game up. I never regretted it.I like a lot the fact the weapons must be really mastered before you can manage to destroy some cars. I saw in the past several car shooting games where you just had to shoot 3 times and the car exploded. The music is great. I loved the ""Duke"" cameo. And the graphics are awesome. Well, if you have to buy only one car game, don't look any further !"
76561198035471547,Recommended,243800,15568004,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,BIGGUS,have a gaming rig to unlock its full potential
76561198028217970,Recommended,243800,25693580,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Izogashii,"Lots of cars, circuits, weapons and race types!A very good death race game!!"
76561198726325843,Recommended,243800,35514325,Posted: 6 October,all,Fighter_kj7,"I liked it a lot but I wish1- it's easier to setup my controller like steam controller2- I wish it's a little more simply organized, I don't know I feel like it's a little messy because I compare it to NFS MW,3- If it has multyplayer for one opponent, you know like challenge and easy to connect then I will buy it with DLC too,regards"
76561198052359361,Recommended,243800,35518202,Posted: 6 October,all,MagicBlaze The Insane,Its a dash mix of deathrace and mad max.... you will have fun if nothing else so its def worth it to grab this game.
,Recommended,243800,35519953,Posted: 6 October,all,-=Chase=-,Rock n Roll Racing on Steroids!
