user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198006541362,Not Recommended,243930,17769606,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,stranger1982,"In Bound by Flame you'll control Vulcan, a mercenary in a world where the Lords of Ice seek to destroy humanity and seize power through their undead and demonic armies. Events see you becoming the host of a demonic entity that promises you great powers if you let it take some control over you and said powers might be the only thing that'd defeat the Lords.While not an horrible game Bound by Flame is sadly plagued by several cliches in its story and characters while sporting a combat system that is a bit too clunky for the challenges you'll be facing.PROS:-most character and monster models are pretty detailed, the hero character stands out as his/her armor and weapons change depending on what you equip and what upgrades you craft-great soundtrack-if you accept its influence the gradual changes in the hero's body and voice as the demon takes over are quite interesting and well represented-lots of weapons/armor to find or buy, all of them can also be upgraded-good amount of skills/skill upgrades to choose from when you level up: you'll have three main ""classes"" (warrior,dual-wielding ranger and caster) and can spend points wherever you wish while freely switching between each during combatCONS:-dull story, lots of cliches in the plot-dialogues are, for the most part, just boring and drawn-out: there's also a few attempts at humour that are way out of place-companion characters are unoriginal (elf archer, somewhat evil female witch etc)-story decisions don't matter that much and you'll still be visiting the same locations with only a few quests changing slightly-world graphics are pretty average and boring, colors feel a bit washed out and lights are too harsh-animations are ok in combat but look quite wooden during cutscenes-level design is boring and uninspired, most consist of a few areas connected my corridor-like paths, there's also little in the way of embellishments leading to them looking bare-voice acting is quite weak overall-companion AI is bad, they seldom dodge and are happy to stay in AOE damage: enemy AI can also sometimes act up-combat system is decent per se, but you'll be asked to face several enemies at once and go through parries/attacks/interrupts with good timing if you want to live: sadly while the enemies attack quickly the controls don't feel responsive enough to make things work well-combat difficulty is a bit all over the place requiring silly workarounds by using the enemy AI against itself to make things easier: last boss is also laughably hard unless you use a certain strategy to beat it-little variety in enemy types and modelshttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=508373065Bound by Flame feels like a missed opportunity to be honest as, while the premise sounds interesting, the plot itself is so similar to many other games/movies to soon become uninteresting: things are made worse when said plot is delivered by poor voice actors behind characters that are quite flat and nondescript.A generic and dull story might be forgiven if the game gave you a good time during combat but sadly it falls flat even there: you'll often face too many enemies at once and their attacks can frequently interrupt yours or stun you thus leaving you unable to defend yourself, this'll be a quick death on anything but the easiest difficulty level. Some spells or abilities also take too long to cast considering how quickly you're supposed to react, 3 seconds to cast a war cry as a warrior? No thanks.So to make things easier you can-and it's actually encouraged- cheat the enemy AI by pulling one of a group or, if it fails, fighting a bit and then retreating until they disengage so that you can wait for health/mana to recharge and attack again. This isn't really fun and clashes with the sense of grandiose that a supposedly badass, demon-possessed hero'd be feeling.I can't recommend the game as I feel there are way better options if you're looking for a good story, good combat or both: as said it's not horrible and it works for the most part but it's so generic, dull and frustrating that even on sale I'd recommend it only for someone desperate for an action RPG fix and willing to overlook its many blemishes."
,Recommended,243930,10118528,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,[AReV]Nomed,"(TLDR? This review is also available in video format below for your convenience.)Developer Spiders is a small studio that isn’t lacking ambition, after what was considered a major disappointment with Mars War Logs, they’ve tried yet again to craft a title whose quality is equal to its ambition with their new fantasy action RPG; Bound By Flame.Set in the kingdom of Vertiel, a region besieged by a massive undead army that’s invading from the north. A group of mages known as the Red Scribes think they’ve found a way to combat this threat and are fast at work performing a ritual. You assume the role of Vulcan, a member of the Freeborn Blades, a mercenary group that has been hired to protect the Red Scribes while they conduct their research. Things are quickly interrupted as a Deadwalker army attacks their position and amidst the carnage, something goes wrong with the ritual resulting in Vulcan becoming possessed by a Fire Demon. The Demon talks to you throughout the game, offering advice or seeking to manipulate Vulcan; ultimately playing a part in the game’s moral choices as listening to the Demon can make your character appear more demonic, bolstering magical prowess at the expense of your character’s well-being or you can choose to ignore the Demon and preserve Vulcan’s humanity. Regardless of your decision, it’s clear that Vulcan is the only one able to stand up to the Ice Lords, a group of warmongering necromancers that control the vast undead armies.Upon starting the game, you’re greeted with a brief character creation screen which only gives you a few very limited options in terms of designing your character before being awkwardly thrust into an awful tutorial section. This tutorial simply acts to highlight all of the flaws of Bound by Flame along with constant interruptions explaining the game’s various mechanics. You’ll immediately notice a lack of pacing, awkward dialogue and voice acting as well as an unmatched feeling of linearity. This leads to a very poor first impression, however gritting your teeth and pushing through this period of misery has its rewards as the game shows signs of competency later on.After completing the tutorial, the half-baked writing immediately improves giving rise to an interesting narrative with surprisingly strong character development. Similar to The Witcher 2 and other titles, you’re faced with moral decisions that can have an effect on the game however these changes are fairly minor comparatively but still add some elements of re-playability. The decisions aren’t cleverly thought out or morally ambiguous like The Witcher 2, instead there’s generally a clear good and evil answer. This still did well to hold my interest and watching Vulcan gradually lose his humanity in favor of becoming more demonic and powerful was a welcomed addition to the game.Along with Vulcan, there are several companions that accompany him on his journey. These characters have been greatly improved from Mars War Logs, each having their own developed story however their proficiency in combat remains the same, often dying very quickly and doing very little to aid Vulcan. The option to romance these characters also exists depending on which gender you made Vulcan however there is little development between characters and much less chemistry making romance seem like it was only added to cover all of the features offered by superior RPGs like Mass Effect and Dragon Age.Not content to simply borrow the moral choices featured in The Witcher 2, the combat is more or less identical, with two different primary melee attacks along with traps and magic. Parrying and dodging also plays a vital role. The combat while simple is quite satisfying and requires a bit of skill and timing to master. While nowhere near on the level of Dark Souls, it’s still quite solid for an RPG. The RPG elements are surprisingly deep as well, offering three different talent trees along with an in-depth crafting system. There’s a warrior stance that has Vulcan don a 2 hand sword which boosts his parrying and defensive abilities while his ranger stance equips 2 daggers, drastically increasing his speed and stealth capabilities. The third talent tree is directly related to the Demon inside of him, which consists of boosting his magical prowess and fire abilities. Playing on the normal hawk difficulty will provide a reasonable challenge and despite being simple, the combat is definitely the highlight of the game. It isn’t without flaw though as parrying or dodging an attack perfectly will result in Vulcan performing a counter-attack which can sometimes be a detriment to dodging or running away in general. Despite this, the combat is still satisfying and I never felt bored throughout its brief campaign.The soundtrack is quite unusual, focusing on a lot of vocal chants mixed with percussion. It still fits the game well and adds to the overall experience. The rest of the audio is hit or miss though, particularly the voice acting. Some characters play the part well, while others are abysmal. It’s hard to tell whether it’s the actor’s fault or just the writing in general as the dialogue can be laughably bad at times. It’s inconsistent in general, particularly the tutorial which almost made me stop playing the game entirely while at other times, I found the narrative, setting, and characters to be engaging. This inconsistency is even apparent in Vulcan’s personality as he can sometimes act like a jerk with no rhyme or reasoning behind it. It leads me to believe that Spiders suffers from having one or two incompetent writers or maybe it’s just a case of poor translation. If this wasn’t enough, the audio can glitch out at times, often causing characters to repeat the same line over and over again.The visuals and environments are well done. It’s just a shame that the game is extremely linear as the many sidequests are usually confined to a small area, leaving very little room for exploration. There’s also the odd graphical glitch, such as disappearing textures and pop-in. Despite the graphical overhaul, the facial animations are on-par with Mars War Logs as characters will simply move their lips while giving a blank expressionless stare.Borrowing from The Witcher again, the game tries to separate itself into acts. Upon arriving at a new location, Vulcan will be given a host of sidequests to complete while simultaneously progressing the main story until he completes the area and moves on. Unfortunately, the game is rather short for an action RPG, running around 15 hours if you complete all of the sidequests. The poor writing rears its ugly head once more before the game's credits roll, as there’s quite a bit of buildup, and without spoiling anything, the game ends rather abruptly when there easily could have been room for another 10-20 hours of content.Ultimately, Bound By Flame is greater than the sum of its parts and certainly an improvement over Mars War Logs as it features a solid narrative, refined combat system and deep RPG elements. It’s a step in the right direction, although once again a bit too ambitious a project for Spiders to handle. Although it has many flaws, it is still an enjoyable experience but let’s just hope they hire some better writers next time.This review is also available in video format if you don’t feel like reading all of this:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cVo2Oc0fRGYPros+ Interesting Narrative & Setting+ Deep RPG Elements+ Enjoyable Combat+ Watching Vulcan become more demonic is great+/- Dialogue is so bad at times it’s laughableCons- Terrible Introduction- Linear & Short Length in general for an Action RPG- Poor Facial Animations & Voice Acting- Audio bugs, texture pop-in and various glitches- Abrupt conclusion- Does nothing originalIf you enjoyed this review, feel free to follow me as a Steam Curator:http://store.steampowered.com/curator/4886473/"
,Recommended,243930,32204521,Posted: 5 June,all,AbedsBrother,"Bound By Flame is a checklist attempt by a small studio at a BioWare-style RPG. High level of polish, decent story, and some interesting characters, but claustrophobic level design, low-res textures, unexciting voice acting, and a nonsensical final boss make this a “meh” recommendation.Total size on my hard drive: 4.7 GB- - I’m putting a negative at the top because it needs to be seen, even if you don’t bother with the rest of the review.  It is possible to play the entire game a certain way, and be completely unprepared for the final boss. In addition, the final boss is insanely hard, even on easy mode. Search the forums, you’ll find pages of threads asking for help. Craft tons of traps and crossbow bolts, they will help. But be prepared for at least a dozen attempts. Given how easy combat can be in the rest of the game, the final boss is nonsensical ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.+ Incredibly high level of polish. Never had a single crash, either.+ Clean and clear in-game user interface.+ The story seems fairly standard at first, but once you delve deeper into who or what is “bound by flame,” the narrative drives itself forward at a good pace.+ While not deep, there is a nice crafting system for customizing weapons and armors.+ Outside of combat and cut-scenes, manually save or quick-save anywhere, any time.+/- While a few choices have genuine consequences, not that many do.+/- Voice acting is hit-or-miss. Most of the supporting voice-acting is well done.+/- The graphics have some excellent god-rays. Otherwise, they’re serviceable but nothing outstanding.+/- Combat is timing-based. If you try to bull through every situation, you might survive, but you’ll go through consumables fast (and you WON’T survive the final boss, no matter how hard you try). Timing block or dodge correctly allows the use of ripostes / counters.+/- Characters are generally well-drawn, even if they fit into adventure story cliches. Attempts at humor mostly fall flat.+/- Decent soundtrack by Olivier Deriviere, but the looping ambient tracks are either not long enough (they loop too quickly) or there aren’t enough of them.- Short, about 8-10 hours.- Inconsistent language. “Yeah, whaddaya think?” can be heard seconds after a common soldier says, “By your leave, my lord / lady.” Also plenty of f-bombs thrown around to demonstrate that Bound By Flame is a “serious” game.- You’ll meet most of the enemy varieties within the first half-hour. There are one or two new enemy types for each new level, but the rest are endlessly re-used. Early-level bosses return as mini-bosses in later levels.- Warrior can’t tank damage that well, making Ranger the only viable class.- The characters might have potential, but there is never enough time to know them. While the curious will click through the dialogue, there’s little reason to do so.- Close, claustrophobic levels. Most of the levels are a series of corridors.- No facial animations. The mouths move correctly when a character is speaking, but it looks wooden and awkward.- The romances are short and add very little to the game. Almost as though somebody was following a checklist of things in a BioWare game. “Dragon Age has romance-able characters? Then we need some, too!”And, as previously mentioned, that final boss. That final boss and ending is narratively the best part of the game. Resolve things, make an important choice while some fantastic music plays – but the frustration of dying over and over still lingered and completely ruined any chance the ending had to leave a good final impression. When combined with the numerous game design elements that are close to the mark but fail to hit, Bound By Flame can never reach the height of its aspirations.5/10 Worth a purchase for genre fans if significantly discounted."
,Recommended,243930,18049060,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Vice,"Here's a simple pro's and con's list for those who want to know right away if it's their cup of tea...Pro's-Decent voice acting on the most important npcs-Very challenging on even the ""normal"" difficulty in combat-Can decide whether to be ""good"" or ""evil""-Excellent music-Interesting enemy types and companions-Decent graphicsNow the cons...-A wee bit short (only took me 15 hours doing everything for 1 playthrough)-Some wanky animations and non-lazy animations (ex. many people in the towns don't even move...they look frozen)-Cut Scenes can have clipping issues and the hero killing enemies sometimes looks weird to say the least-End boss can be a MAJOR PAIN (make sure you stock up on healing and mana potions)-Romances in the game are very shortDespite all these pro's and con's all in all the game is at the very least a solid 7 out of 10 when all is said and done...Worthy of your time if you like action RPG's that have challenging combat with a decent storyline...pick it up if you see it for $20 or less!"
76561197983688659,Not Recommended,243930,10073088,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Mr Zurkon,"Bound by Lies,I had high hopes for this game. Me and a friend of mine saw it pop up on steam a while ago and pre ordered it.**SPOILERS**The review will have some plot points as its one of the many issues with this game.We were so disapointed, il let him make a review if he wants so I will tell it all from my perspective. The trailers have lied, the combat isnt adaptable or planned etc. Its broken. As a Warrior I found it boring and repetative, then with some enemies having the ability to not be stunned or blocked you come across enemies that chain stun you in a corner and kill you. Over and over. But I got over that, I carried on playing and found plenty of other flaws.The ability of choise is an illusion, there are basically 2 options, become a demon and kill everyone you care about or stay good and I can assume not kill everyone. I became a demon and after that the game was basically set in stone. I had the odd decision to make, weather its to kill 1 boss and let others be killed or help in a battle. But it dosent seem to matter, the game is on rails and basically makes the decision for you and you companion is now screwed over, runs off and vows revenge. Which he tries to get but fails miserably, you dont even have the option to try and talk people down like in Mass Effect or get told the ""Good"" or ""Bad"" options, you get streamlined down a boring story that makes no sense. The characters are not likeable at all, you dont really care about who lives or dies, I just found myself frustrated that I couldnt prevent mit if I decided.They also said that the classes are different and theres different ways to play the game, the only tallent tree I didnt fill was the Rogue tree and that was because it was pointless. II filled the warrior tree and used all of its 4 abities that were generic and boring, I had the Pyromancy tree half done so I gave my weapon flames and that was about it really.From what I could see and heard from my friend Pyromancy is just throwing fireballs running out of Mana then giving your weapon fire and going into melee to be diisapointed as you suck in melee but have no other choise. I dont really have much more to say on this since I didnt play it to its full extent.One positive of this game is that its incredibly pretty, they have done a fantastic job with the graphics and the design of the weapons and armor is great, you really do feel like a badass when you upgrade your gear through a very simple yet effective crafting system. Thats a couple of positives but you get the idea.In summary, dont buy the game now. Its a badly thought out poor quality rpg that forces you to make decisions that in the end dont matter, get it when its on sale. I finished the game in 13  hours and for £25 I was upset about this. Id say its worth £10 max. My friend playing Pyro finished it in 7. I dont knkow if its me sucking taking that long or Pyros just easier.Hope this was Helpful."
,Not Recommended,243930,19208115,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Black_Hayate,"Pros:+ Cool Idea+ Decent Graphics+ Some interesting and somewhat conflicting moral choicesCons:- Sub-par voice acting and horrible dialogue- Zero character development of horribly flat characters- Seriously nothing attached me to the companions. Couldn't have cared less if they died.- Clunky and somewhat awkward combat system- Short plot with very little narrative (basically wanting you to focus on the ""possessed by a demon"" idea to distract from the skeleton bare plot and narrative)- Obscure and very selective character relation mechanics- Unorginal, cliche ideas (literally feels like the storyline and numerous character models were pulled from Dragon Age and other fantasy RPGs)- Generally inconsistant with itselfI apologize - I really have very little to say that's positive about this game. I discovered the game prior to its release and was insanely excited from what I saw. Fast forward 6 months-1 year and discovered it again in a Steam Sale and bought it at almost full price (which I rarely do). 13.5 hours is all it takes to get to the end boss, even with doing every side quest I could get my hands on. It is a very linear plot and I found myself rather disappointed at every turn with what the developers could have done with such an interesting and unique game idea. I had to force myself to sit down and try and get through the game to the end so I feel I had gotten some of my money's worth back, and, well, barring that... I can at least give a review for the game. I wouldn't recommend this game to hard-core/serious RPG players, seeing as it lacks in these very qualities that I had hoped/expected from it. If you're looking for a good soundtrack, the music isn't bad and the art is creatively inspired, if somewhat repetitive.I can't say much more than I don't recommend this game. I got to the final boss, exited out of the game, and immediately uninstalled it, having no desire to play this game again. If you're looking for a pass time and this game is on-sale for +75%, feel free - otherwise you're being cheated out of your money."
,Recommended,243930,12979550,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Tom,"So, I'll start out by saying there is no way this game is worth the £29,99 price tag that it has currently - at most it should be £20 and even that could be said to be pushing it.The graphics look pretty good to be honest, yes you may need quite a beefy rig to play them on full, but they are well worth it. The actual game play represents a classic Action Game, consisting all of the usuals, heavy attacks, blocks, swipe attacks, as well as your magic abilities. The combt system can feel a little clunky to begin with, but once you work out the timings on when to block and parry attacks, it's OK.I would say the mainstory is a little short for the price tag. I finished the game in just under fourteen hours. I would highly recommend you finish the majority of the side missions as to get a few levels advantage over the story, as some of the end bosses are quite challenging.That being said, the bosses in Bound by Flame have a very Dark Souls'esk feel to them. You have to work out the best stratergy to take them down, often resulting in a number of failed attempts before it finally clicks.All in all, this is a pretty good game, but I would wait until sale season starts before you pick it up since it is certainly not worth the full price tag."
,Recommended,243930,18067740,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,wany1981,"How did this happen!How can an Action RPG game with Wonderful Music, Stunning Visual, Beautiful Character, Unique background, Cool Cut scenes, Choice and consequnce system, Interesting Talent system, Craftable/Recyclable ingrediant/item/potion and the coolest skeleton ever(Praise Mathras). Only got 67% approval rating?This game is the very first ARPG Spider studio ever made. Honestly it's not bad at all. It's like a Witcher 2 on discount and I like combat in here better then Darksoul even.(it's not a button masher! you have to time everything). (Edit 2: Ya.. and my review is getting chewed alive because of that dark souls comment.. Anyhow since I only play the tutorial stage of it.. i should really don't say this comment. O.. well i will leave it here just for laugh)Spider Stuido ventured out and tried many many different things for this game. Most of the ingrediant worked but just like a pot of stew. With a few minor flawed ingrediant and a drop of Rat goo would ruined the entire Stew!(game).Minor flaws 1:Not all idea are implemented.There is day and night system that you can rest to change time for events to happen. Much like FF: Lighting return or Baldur's gate series. But through the entire story.. you don't need to rest once. And there is only 1 event and 1 subquest that require you to go out at night.Craftable items are very interesting but you can only craft to upgrade weapons but you cannot create weapons and armors from parts.. and There are very few different type of items that you can use to craft.. It's like less then 10 types of ingrediant in the entire game. And every single type of monster in the entire game drop 1 of those 10 types of items.There are 3 different class and for Warrior class you can use 3 different type of weapon.. Sword, Axe and Hammer. But there are not too much difference between them. Even animation looks almost the same.Minor Flaw 2:Character development.The scripting of most of the story and general background is really good. But sometimes I cannot tell if it's being rushed or the story teller is drunk some time.You can feel this is a really big world with an impending unstopable army that dread upon it at the very beginning of the game. There are interesting clan of people and some really fun and unexpected event twist..That's all good but with the 4 major partner that you have that help you on your journey are really messed up.2 male and 2 female that you can start a small romance with much like mass effect series. And 2 other part time partner including Mr.Mathras that travels you with certain quests. There are just not enough character development for a few character to make plot change reasonable and sometime it makes you scratch your head because there are too many question marks on it. Why do my girl suddenly romance the knight and elf? No hints about that's coming ever!Minor Flaw 3:Partner AI.. Well. The enemy AI was well done.. They know when to block.. when to counter.. when to run and they even ran to call help sometimes. They fight smart and why cannot my Partner fight smart? Most of the time.. My partner just tanks 1-2 enemy and dies within a minute and buy me just enough time to kill some archers.. The combat modes and order doesn't really help. Setting on defense mode just make them live at least a bit longer so it's recommended.And finnaly the Rat Goo that ruined this great meal.It's short coming are just too short! Literally!This game is too short.. I am running 2 games at same time to get all achievements. 1 female human route on captain difficulty and 1 male demon route on vulcan difficulty. Together I finished both game back to back in just a little over 30 hours! That's including all the goofing off at easy difficulty to find all dialoge options and side quest and all the death on hard difficulty...It almost seems I finnaly got into the fun and core of the game and it suddenly ended! I am sure if another player skips all the guide and just rush though the yellow story event marker all the time and ignore all the side quest.. This game can be done in less then 6 hours! Level really doesn't mean much other then it gives some skill and talents points. You stuck on 100 hp and mp unless you finish specific quests.Over all did I enjoy this game? Yes I did for a few days.. Am I satisfied? No I am not.. IT could been a triple A title if they just made the story 3 times the current length and fix a few flaws...That's all i am gonna say.. 7.0/10 Recommended for quick Action game Lover.. RPG lovers may love and hate this game at the same time..Edit 1: My review is too long... I just had too much to say and I had to trim it down 3 times so it can fit..."
76561198071137957,Recommended,243930,19430391,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Lex,"Ok, if I would have a top for my RPGs this game would make it there somewhere, not on the top but still somewhere near the top.Now let me expalin why, considering the bad reviews.Very goodstory line, wich manages to keep you in the chair for hours making you wonder what will come up next(very interesting).voice acting, characters seem credible and entertaining.9/10skill tree, upgrading a skill will realy make you feel the difference.10/10difficulty, don't really know why but the game reminds me of dark souls somehow, not even close to its dificulty BUT the game will be quite a challange even on hawk(normal) difficulty.Try to go higher to Capitan(hardest) and be ready to face a real challange and feel the need of smashing your keyboard against the monitor, hehe. After playing rpgs like Dragon Age Inquisition and other rpgs, this game remids me how a rpg's supposed to be a challange.So yeah, you won't get away with the stuff you do when killing minions when fighting bosses, oh dear..hell no.10/10/10your choices will make a substantial difference on the storyline, and the game appeals to your morality from time to time(wich is awesome I think 9/10)armors and weapons are freaking awesome, each one has different designs and can be upgraded to suit your need(poison resistent, fire resistent + many many more+ each one has a different design.To be honest the armor sets in this game make it in the top three armors from any rpg I've played.Pure awesomeness.10+/10Goodgraphics, keep in mind that the game was released in mid 2014, BUT you will not run in any problem if you are after the graphics, they look very good.9/10interface + crafting system.Very minimal BUT on point. Very little place to improve unless adding something.8/10enemies are not dumb and if outnumbers you are ♥♥♥♥ed.8/10one of the very few rpgs that requires using all kind of weapons(heavy two-handed swords, quick daggers, traps and magic acording to different situations) 8/10-only gave it an 8 because on the missing ability to dodge while using two-handed.music is good, not dissapointed at all.8/10Neutral/Badsometimes companions can act real dumb while fighting and can be quite unuseful(and somethimes they will save you sorry♥♥♥♥♥.7/10there is no dodging while using two-handed sword and  you won't have time to evade attacks that are targeting an aoe(area of effect) so your parrying won't do♥♥♥♥♥♥4/10 - wich could be the thing that bothers me most in the game.Overall the game is good, and I would totally recomand it. If you enjoy true RPGs please do buy it. Oh yeah, in case you're wondering what's up with the bad revirews I can give you an answer. The game's not easy, and the unpacient unseazoned teenagers will give it a thumbs down. Don't you mind that, if you are a rpg person, and enjoy a challange wich comes along with a good story and fun gameplay please buy it with confidence. Game's not perfect but there is no such thing is it?"
76561198013718296,Not Recommended,243930,10061415,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,FearfulCry,"I can definitely see ""The Witcher"" influence in ""Bound By Flame""; if only they had taken more points from that game's design.""Bound By Flame"" is not fun, period. The combat feels clunky and I often find myself unable to execute an action because my character has not finished the animation from the previous attack. This makes it feel as though my character is drunk and unable to react quickly, The devs advertise ""strategic combat"" but it just ends up being button mashing. The counter/parry system is basic, nothing new.The graphics are quite good, with environments and NPCs being highly detailed. Animations however, particularly facial ones are quite stiff and jittery. The lip syncing is very poor, often with characters' mouth animations stopping mid sentence or finishing before the audio. At one point, while I was in a conversation with a character an NPC was spawned about 2 metres away from where I was. It was very noticable as he just appeared in mid-air and fell to the ground where he proceeded to stand and perform his normal animations. Fortunately this has only happened once, but it greatly detracted from the immersion.The voice acting is average, however I was not pleased to hear modern American colloquialisms such as ""I got"" instead of ""I've got"" in some of the characters' sentences.The story itself is fairly interesting, however it is nothing we haven't seen before and it is not enough to make up for the other problems this game has.I am maybe being too harsh on this game as ""Spiders"" are a small studio, but I have to give an honest recount of my experience with this game. In short, Ido notrecommend ""Bound By Flame""."
76561197970842337,Recommended,243930,15641231,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Brown Beard,"Bound by Flameis a Third-Person, Story-Driven, Action-Oriented RPG developed by Spiders & published by Focus Home Interactive, the very same duo that conceivedMars: War Logs.You are thrust into the harshness of Vertiel as Vulcan, powder master of the Freeborn Blades. The Blades along with the Elves & the Red Scribes fiercely stand as the last bastion of civilization against the might of the seven Ice Lords & their Deadwalker minions who seek to plunge Vertiel into an everlasting Ice Age. You – Vulcan – stand on the precipice of Vertiel. Will you be able to stem the frozen tide?Before embarking upon your journey, you will be met with the character creation screen. The options present are few but include the ability to change hair/face type in addition to customizing your character’s name. The option to choose gender is also present.Vertiel is a harsh & unforgiving land with varying environments, from tree-filled swamps to death-ridden sewers. The environments are linear, disjointed & feel claustrophobic at times despite much of the game taking place in outdoor locales.There are three unique skill trees – Warrior, Ranger & Pyromancer, which allow you to customize your playthrough. There are several different weapon types as well. Ultimately, you’ll have to allot skill points according to which weapon you desire to use throughout. While there is some wiggle room in the ability to customize your character, it is somewhat limited as to variability. Also present is a feat system that grants a wide array of bonuses to crafting, health/mana, exploration etc., depending on how feat points are spent.The combat feels fluid & rewarding upon dispatching your enemies into the afterlife. The boss fights are of particular note, as they are quite difficult & well-thought out in their construction. The final boss encounter was a personally euphoric experience. Even the most battle hardened will experience difficulty here.As you adventure throughout Vertiel you will encounter foes & allies alike. Foes will become friends & friends will become foes, instigated by war’s untimely wrath. Certain allies will be able to join you on your adventure & assist you in battle, providing everything from damage absorption to the critical heal that will permit the eventuality of victory. Unfortunately, their use is highly variable & they become almost useless in certain drawn-out encounters.Bound by Flamehas an in-depth crafting system, enabling the crafting of potions, traps & even weapon/armor upgrades to slay the most formidable of foes. Much time can be wasted perfecting each piece of equipment to desired playstyle.The dialogue inBound by Flameis its Achilles’ heel. It does not suit the fantasy environment in any capacity whatsoever. The facial animations are equally as poor. Coupled together they provide a major drawback for any player seeking an immersive fantasy experience.The art style & graphics provide a suitable backdrop. Other than being simply existing as a medium for the story to unravel, they don’t provide much in the way of eye candy. There is also a literal plethora of cut scenes rendered with the in-game engine. The majority of them can be skipped however, if heart longs for battle.Olivier Deriviére, creator of the soundtrack, also creator of the soundtrack toRemember Me,pulls no punches in creating a phenomenal score that exudes both wonder & excitement. Getting lost in the different bits & pieces of it are a certainty & a joy.In conclusion,Bound by Flameis a mixed bag in the RPG genre. It flourishes in its strengths but continually stumbles upon its mistakes. Despite its drawbacks,Bound by Flameis note-worthy & very much worth a try for fans of the genre.7/10"
,Not Recommended,243930,12395473,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Jearbear,"This game is ok, teetering towards bad. The game has few redeeming qualitie. The combat system is rather boring and repetitive with there only being about 10, including bosses, enemy types all of which function rather similarly to each other with big ""get out of the way"" tells. When it manages to execute itself well, it feels moderately rewarding and is nice to look at, however there are a fair number of wonky hit boxes, awkward animations, and the staggerable archers that can shoot arrows behind them. The plot is rather uninteresting and full of that sort of cliche edginess to it with awkward vulgarity and do this or I will beat your skull in lines of dialogue. The characters are at times enjoyable, but for the most part lack any sort of depth or development, and your companions contributions to the battlefield little more than a distracting meatshield for a few seconds before them dying a brutal death and laying on the ground for the next 5 minutes of boss combat.All in all I would rate this game at 2-2.5/5. If you can get it cheap, it has enough charm to stomach a play through, but with the entire game, with the majority of side content completed, taking around 15 hours to complete, it certainly is not worth it's $40 price tag.Overall rating: 5.5/10"
76561198006677146,Not Recommended,243930,10065967,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Bormo,I could have enjoyed this game even with the clumsy combat and dodgy story and voice acting if the game had actually let me continue for another 20 or so hours and defeat all 7 ice lords mentioned many times all by name and yet you defeat only one.....
76561198043516222,Not Recommended,243930,10058217,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Scarmiglione,"I'm a just say the pros and cons, and some other things.Pros:*Animation of each swing feels/looks natural.*Actual changes to equipment and weapons (enhancements)*Interesting theme of overall scenary.*Easy enough to figure out crafting in gear/items/weapons in the very beginning.*Monster learns you. Attacking-wise, or atleast they know when to rush you when you start charging your attack, and aggro.Balanced in Comparison:*Lack of character customization, balanced by gear customization.*The controls are decent on both ends, prompting/accessibility-wise.*The general hate by the NPCS. Makes you actually feel like you don't care about them and -kinda- change your deposition of them. (Good for this game since you can do good or bad things in conversations and what not).*Don't get much money, but the equipment in shops are decently cheap.*Cramped routes, but atmospheric.Cons:*Most or some males look like your beginning choices, even your Captain.*Really only using swords/daggers. Traps, arrows, etc are more limited ammo till later on when you can afford them.*I know this shouldn't really matter, but it kinda does in my book considering you made the combat system, you should allow mistakes on both ends; monsters attacks going through their partners. Could just make them wait to attack like other games.[/noap]*How long conversations are that -can be- pointless. Like talking to a shop dealer.Depends:*I know swearing is a meh to some people in games, but it ruins the immersion for me, all the characters are free vocab and ehhhhhh, just doesn't sound right I guess.*Similar to Dark Souls, but probably a little easier. Still though, less life, less def, more loading save files.*Default face looks like a Spartan.*Gives you the option to name yourself, but uses default name throughout game.*Lots of random items found around a given map.*Some form of grinding for exp, maybe farming for items to use in crafts."
76561198038132122,Recommended,243930,33410010,Posted: 9 July,all,ForestWolf,"Rating: mediocre (5/10)IntroductionBound by Flame is an Action RPG in a phantasy world where undead invasion almost destroyed the whole world and you (obviously who else) are the hero to kill undead armies and generels and decide the fate of the world.Gameplay & Story: 4/10The whole gameplay in Bound by Flame is separated between picking up quests in town by talking to everyone possible and then killing tons of monsters to fulfill that quests. It feels dull and unfinished, both combat and quest outcomes / decisions feel awkward and will quite often make you rage about the dev's decisions. The side quests are not connected to the main story at all, but are mostly somewhere in the same direction as the campaign continues. The story is also really simple - some magicians perform a ritual, but something goes wrong and a demon invades your body. After it you become the unique hero that can save the world and oppose the Ice Lords that command the undead. Even the biggest decision in this game feel still small like it does not matter much which you would choose, the outcome would change only minimal. There are no real decisions between factions or builds since you have to play melee in any case. Early game offered some fun dialogs with different characters, sadly after mid-game it vanished without a trace and gone absolutely serious note.Combat & Challenge : 4/10The combat is fairly simple once you get the timing for dodge/parry. After it you basically smash left button until enemy attacks and dodge or parry his attack. Rinse and repeat and that tactics work with absolutely everyone up until the final boss of the game. Sadly the animations are often clunky and even though they look fine for the eye, some animations make your character ""stuck"" in it, so until you finish the animation no other actions can be taken and that made me rage tons of times since I played on hardest difficulty and hits from enemies often ended lethal. It does not help when your character is stuck in the dodge animation for 2 seconds while another enemy prepares the hit and before you can use the 2nd dodge your char gets hit and dies because of this freaking static animation. Besides such functions that work against the player, the combat is not challenging at all, neither are achievements in steam that simply take time and multiple play thoughs.Graphic & Interface : 7/10The interface was simple but did its purpose. The graphic was nothing astonishing, but I definetely enjoying looking at some details in the game. Both the ice lands and jungle look quite immersive and that improves the game feeling and smoothiness a lot. Graphic is probably where this game shines the most.Progress & Mini-Games : 5/10There was nothing that would serve as a mini-game, neither were there any serious activities besides fighting and talking to NPCs. Crafting was a matter of seconds where you simply click on what you want to produce aslong you have the materials. The overall game progression felt average, I did not enjoy playing more than few hours a session since the progress did not feel any addictive like some other RPGs.Audio & Immersion : 7/10The music and sounds did fit the game well and there was nice audio feedback during boss fights. The music was mostly running in the background without noticing it, so there were no soundtracks I would listen to outside of the game, but most likely you wont get bored with it until you finish the game. The immersion was well done especially in both early and late stages of the game. The swap / jungle had some different side-areas and especially around boss areas there were a lot of details which did catch the eye.Side-NotesThis game is single player only.This game is fairly short - it took me 17 hours to finish it on hardest difficulty including most achievements, finishing all quests, killing all bosses, gathering all unique look.This game contains steam achievements.This game offers a minimal replayability, since you could try different decisions and finishing the achievement that need a re-run.SummaryIt is hard to recommend Bound By Flame since the game does not shine in any category, but it also did not feel seriously bad, so there are few points you have to watch out before buying:*If you are into deep story and nice character development, you most likely will not enjoy BbF that much*If you want some 3rd person short action RPG where you can mindlessly slash tons of monsters and feel being a bad♥♥♥♥♥demon while doing so, then you will most likely enjoy this game.*If you care for the price of the games you buy, then I would suggest waiting for a nice sale since BbF is definetely not anything special to have, but for few bucks it will be worth the hours of playtime.I hope this review helps you making the decision if its worth buying this game. Rate and leave a comment if you enjoyed reading it.~ForestWolf"
76561198036235772,Not Recommended,243930,13528923,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Inzababa,"This has got to be one of the most annoying games I've played in years.It starts off all right, but as I moved through the story I ghot more and more frustated by the minut.ok anyway, good and bad things about the game.GOOD- the combat is more skill based than other games- the combat can actually be challenging at times, that's a good thing- the animations are smooth and so is the gameplay- the loot (for you loot ♥♥♥♥♥s) is easy to get, press e, boom. No going through bags and stuff, you just get it all.- the UI, inventory, quest management and so on is pretty well organised and easy to follow- the idea for the core of the story is not bad- swear words! I like swear words in computer games!- the voice acting is pretty good even if the actual text is really weakand that's it, I honestly can not think of anything else that's good about the game. (in my experience and from my point of view).THE BAD- it boasted player choice, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, I can not count the amount of times I was given a choice, only for the opposite of what I'd chosen to be forced on me. Even when rescuing a guy who got lost in the sewars, I was forced to bring him back to camp before moving on in the sewars just a little further to complete a second quest that was close by- the conversations with NPCs are bad, terrible- it's a rip off of Dragon Age in many ways even going as far as having the ""suspicious witch"" (Morrigan)- there was a tooltip saying that it was important to shop when in town. I was looking forward to going to town, you never do.- speaking of which, nothing I found in shops was ever useful to me- the enemies are totally unbalanced (I don't mean too hard, I mean sometimes too easy and sometimes too hard). Not to mention the last boss who is ♥♥♥♥ing ridiculous even if you switch down to easy mode. I had a harder time fighting 3 recruits than the Lord of Ice- the ""classes"" are forced on you, I wanted to play 100% warrior but leveled much higher and maxed that tree early on.- the story is really short, there are only 4 acts and there really aren't many hours of gameplay- the friends you take with you are entirely useless !! I mean totally useless, they do no damage at all to the NPC enemies, the only use in having them tag along is in tanking some of the lowbie mobs (for a short while before they die)- though the combat is the strong part of the game (imo) some aspects of it drove me mad. For example, it does happen that in the case of point and click fights I spam the mouse button. That usually isn't a problem but in this game, the commands are chained for a bit, so if the mob does something which requires you to use another skill, you have to wait for the chain of attacks which you spammed to finish. That was very annoying.- You'll probably finish the game in less than 20 hours even if you do all the side quests.. that's very short imo.Some people asked on forums whether this game was like Dark Soul, I haven't played Dark Soul yet, however I can tell you that on normal difficulty (Hawk), I died regularly in common fights. That's a good thing though, cause there is a bit of player skill involved in the combat.One last thing, I didn't put the graphics in either good or bad because even though they are not very good, they aren't very bad either. The environment is mostly cartoony than real but I guess that also means you get a high FPS and smooth gameplay.All in all, even though I bought this game with a 75% discount, I regreted it and would only recommend it for someone looking for a cheap RPG but who has really nothing else to play.PS The last boss is ridiculous, did I mention that?"
76561198108662423,Recommended,243930,14106822,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,fromthedepthsbelow,"Lets keep it simple.Dark Fantasy Story : 8/10RPG  Elements: 9/10Sound: 6/10Music: 9/10Gameplay:8/10If you are looking for a challenging and rewarding Dark Fantasy Action RPG, this is it. Wait for it to be on sale, hit the install, and have fun. The combat can be unfair at times, but this is not Dark Souls. The action combat is like Witcher & Gothic had a baby. The skill trees are great and very fun to test out. The voice acting is ....meh, but I have seen worse movies. The soundtrack is quite good, you won't be humming anything at work, but adds to the game. You can't compare this game to some AAA title. The effort and love put into this game shows at its core. Spiders had a story to tell and they had fun doing it. Enjoy!"
76561198025321433,Not Recommended,243930,28165616,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,American Currency,"Bound by Flame is a 3rd-Person-RPG with many good ideas that are held back by the battle system.The game's biggest flaw is it's battle system - it brings with it a lot of frustration and could have been so much better. The battle system is action-based, similar to Hack-And-Slay-Games - just without all the fun. Blocking and parrying is very important in this game and, yes, if you do not learn it, you will be even more frustrated, but even if you master it, there is still one huge flaw - it is useless against multiple enemies and some attacks can't be blocked at all.Considering that you will be battling against at least 2 enemies all the time during the course of the game, you will be interrupted, knocked back and knocked down all the time from attacks you can't parry or block all at once because there are just.too.many of them. While you can improve your interruption resistance, it will still happen way too often. One fight in particular makes you go up against two bosses and 4 adds - so many projectiles and attacks mean you never find a way to attack and need to have a lot of luck to get a 1-second-break to maybe deal damage to one enemy. It is just not fun. No matter what armor you wear, you will receive at least 15 % of your HP in damage at ALL times on ALL difficulty levels (wtf?) which means you die quickly no matter what, especially when knocked down and unable to do anything.Taking aside the absolutely awful battle system, the game's story is serviceable and your good/bad choices during the game actually reflect upon your character and even the course of the story, similarly to Fable - that is something the game does very right. The voice acting is actually pretty good and the dialogue is very inappropriate at times - which totally fits within my humour. The graphics are alright - pretty cel-shaded and fitting. There is crafting too. Character progression is also nice - 3 skill trees are available to you and ""feats"" like crafting taking less materials and so on.Another good thing about the game is the soundtrack - especially the main theme is very pleasing to the ear and one of the best RPG tracks in my recent memory. Also you open EVERYTHING in this game by kicking it - even plants. It's hilarious.Sadly (or luckily?) the game is over after about 10 hours and you are left with a somewhat bitter aftertaste. The few good points - the alright story, good voice acting and funny dialogue - sadly do not cancel out the absolutely awful battle system that will leave you frustrated no matter what specalization you choose (Two-Handed-Weapon, Daggers or Pyromancy). Also, the difficulty levels (all 4 of them) do absolutely nothing - I found no difference between the hardest and easiest difficulty except the fact that I received about 10 % less damage which doesn't help the actual problem of the battle system (the constant interruption and barrage of enemy attacks) - yay for artificial difficulty levels.I can't recommend it because of the battle system, which hurts my soul as the game does a lot of things right...but if you are able to see past this huge flaw, you are left with an okay budget RPG with a good soundtrack and entertaining dialogue, that, while not being original and feeling somewhat cheap and bland at times, is over pretty quickly and has some neat ideas - that sadly never evolve past the idea stage.Long story short, the game serves as a perfect example of cramming too many things into a limited space, leaving an undercooked result where sometimes, just sometimes, you can see a glimmer of what it should have been through frustration and constant reloading. Pick it up for cheap if you want to try it out but lower your expectations.Personal Score: 4.5/10 - Below Average."
76561198014817581,Recommended,243930,34668709,Posted: 1 September,all,raltaki,"This game got a bad wrap.  Sure it is no skyrim, but I felt it had solid combat, and an interesting enough character progression and narrative to keep the game going."
76561197978859309,Recommended,243930,19292982,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Big Balls Richy,"Picked it up during the Steam sale for £3.00 and gave it a run through.Combat - initially fun but can get repetitive. Enemies seem to be massive damage sponges for the most part. The game almost forces you to use traps and the crossbow at certain points in the game. The last boss was a massive difficulty spike compared to the rest.Story - Fairly generic fantasy storyline, some interesting concepts though.Graphics/Sound - Runs well and looks decent. Voice acting is fairly poor, some bad jokes along with a couple of funny ones. Characters don't seem to react to changing events sometimes during conversations.Gameplay - Fairly generic RPG gameplay with linear areas and quests. Some replay value for different choices and difficulties.6/10 - Reccomended if it's cheap. Based on one run through the game."
76561198166839389,Recommended,243930,25320156,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,lottiezebzebzeb,"Imagine this: the entire world of Thedas/Vertiel is in chaos. A powerful force of evil sweeps the land, destroying all in its wake. The source of this evil? The Blight/Ice Lords. You are a plucky adventurer who goes only by her last name, Shepard/Hawke/Vulcan, and you are working with the remaining Grey Wardens/Red Scribes to push back the Blight/Ice Lords and save the world.♥♥♥♥♥♥happens! You assemble a team of friends to help you out. They include the adorably naïve and eager scholar Liara/Sybil and the scantily-clad and sharp-tongued sorceress Morrigan/Edwen.  And who could forget Thane/Randval, who tragically lost his family and is looking to go out with a bang by helping you save the day?More♥♥♥♥♥♥happens! You bring the immeasurably important Arl Eamon/Prince Arandil back from the brink of death so that he can assist in the war effort. It is revealed that Morrigan/Edwen is tagging along for her own sketchy, witchy purposes – and if you don’t go along with them, she deserts you. You venture into the Fade/Worldheart, which is the source of all magic in the land. You make moral choices that make you look human or creepy and glow-y, and if you play your cards right you get to make out with one of your new friends. Hmm, is anyone else getting the strongest case of deja-vu?Listen. I’m not saying that Bioware was the first to trot out the elements that I listed above, because obviously some of them are sci-fi and fantasy staples. However, mash together enough plot, setting and character types that happen to exist in extremely popular Bioware titles and package them in a story-driven RPG video game with a quirky adventuring team, choice-based elements, romance and a morality system and yeah, I’m going to go so far as to call Bound By Flame a Bioware knockoff.Here’s the thing that sucks, though. Bound By Flame is like Bioware without all of the heart. It lacks the lore and the world-building, the depth and lovability of the companion characters, the PC customization, the choices that actually mean something. It offers absolutely nothing that Bioware hasn’t already done with infinitely more thought and grace. I may be able to make Thane and Randval sound the same on paper, but I actually give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about Thane at the end of the day. We see him engaged in a beautifully-written struggle to come to terms with the end of his life, his sense of morality and his relationship with his son. My interest in Randval does not extend beyond wanting to know why the ♥♥♥♥ he talks in the third person all the time. (While I'm on the subject of sad Russian man bun FenrisThane, how the ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥ did I end up romancing him?? I didn't flirt with him. The only thing I did was take him with me for the Concubine battles, but that's because I had developed the nuanced tactic of letting enemies wail on him while I backstabbed them, not because I thought he was dreamy!!!!!!!!)But Charlotte! you say. Why did you reccomend this game if it is a tacky husk of much better games? Are there any good things about this game? Well, my friend, in spite of how objectively awful and unoriginal it is - and probably partially because of how objectively awful and unoriginal it is- I really, really had a lot of fun playing it. The combat is surprisingly fluid and engaging and some of the enemy designs were really cool. Maybe I'm in Bioware withdrawal and I just needed something to scratch that itch but I’ll be damned if I didn’t want to see how my ragtag group of allies was going to save the day, and I did grow quite fond of my foul-mouthed, sarcastic, tough-as-nails Vulcan. I don't know, man."
,Not Recommended,243930,10057666,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Chicago Falcon,":edit: I have shortened and made concise my original review. All the original points are still there its simply more easy to process.Combat:Combat is not fun for several reasons:1. Hit boxes for enemies are larger than they appear on screen. An enemy will swing at you, and you won't see them make contact with you but you will still take damage.2. You are very slow. When facing 4-5 enemies, your character isn't fast enough to get off an attack either with you longsword or your daggers. Your mana takes so long to respawn magic isn't much help either. All you can do is block...the parry ability (brought over from Mars: War Logs) is really the only thing you can do.3. You can only dodge when using daggers. And then you can only dodge directly backwards. No rolling away and behind your enemy like in Mars: War Logs. There's no real reason why you shouldn't have this ability. Its like when they took the ability to jump out of the new Thief game.4. All these things make combat a huge drag. You could run around constantly waiting for your mana to slowly recharge and then slowly wittle away at your enemies with magic but not only is this tedious but their ranged attacks, which stagger you to a ridiculous degree, make this even more of a pain.Dialogue:1. Terrible lip-synching. The characters just constantly wiggle the sides of their mouths. Creepy and awful.2. Terrible dialogue. Can't decide whether it wants to be fantasy dialogue, gritty Witcher style dialogue, or just plain awful. The characters will have lines that seem entirely out of character and out of place.3. Voice acting: Not as bad. Some characters are worse than others, especially the elf Sybil. Your merc captain sounds pretty cool but that seems about it.graphics:usually i ignore this if the gameplay/dialogue is great. But they aren't.1. Graphics are sub-par and blocky. Supposedly next gen, but obviously not. Far away land-scapes such as mountains look especially bad. THe only thing that saves it is the lighting (which is pretty great).Good things:1. Lighting. Helps keep scenes immersive where the dialogue and graphics might otherwise break it.2. Music. It's cool. I plan on buying the OST.3. Crafting. All the awsome crafting stuff you had in Mars: War Logs is directly transplanted in this game.What would make this game worth buying:1. A patch/mod fixing the combat. Adding a combat roll/dodge for both character types would eliminate the other frustrating elements of combat. Also, fixing the combat would eliminate the other problems I had with the game.2. A really good sale. At least 75% off.3. You want to support the developers...even though I don't like this game and would never recoment it without these reservations, I am glad somebody likes it so that Spiders doesn't go out of business.Why you should buy this gameMost of the people who like this game seem to really like Dark Souls. So if you like unforgiving, difficult, frustrating combat (call it a challenge if you want), then you will probably like this."
76561198070887333,Recommended,243930,24537194,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,The Fortune Teller,"Ahhh, Spiders, probably one of the most underrated developers in recent years. My first experience with their work was with Faery: Legends of Avalon, their first game and one that I enjoyed despite its many flaws. After that I tried out their second game, Mars: War Logs and the huge leap in quality between the two impressed me beyong words, since it was a huge development from their first creation both visualy and in terms of gameplay and writing. Spiders is one of those developers I believe would produce an instant classic if they were not held down by budget constraints. Their ability to create worlds with immense depth and lore, their attention to detail and also their skill in writing and storytelling is commendable. Each one of their endeavors in video games is better than the previous one, which leads me to believe, and hope that, eventually, they will get the funding they deserve to blow our minds. For now, lets focus on their third game, Bound By Flame.Bound By Flame is a third-person, Dark Fantasy action-adventourish RPG set in the war-torn world of Vertiel. You take the role of Vulcan, a member of the Freeborn Blades mercenary group, as you are drawn into a large scale conflict between the living and the Seven Ice Lords, a group of necromancer/mages who lead legions of undead and other demonic entities  similar to the White Walkers in Game of Thrones, as they attempt to encase the world in eternal frost. When a desperate ritual that would provide the living with a weapon against the Ice Lords goes wrong, Vulcan finds himself coinhabiting his body with a demon of fire, and becomes the sole hope of defeating the enemies once and for all. However, both the demon and Vulcan struggle for control over Vulcan's body, and the protagonist's decisions over the course of the story will play a definitive role in the outcome of this clash of wills. As far as the story goes, it is quite interesting and will probably keep you engaged for the 18+ hours that the game lasts. It gradually introduces you to the world and its various inhabitants, and succesfully fleshes out the setting.In terms of gameplay, Bound By Flame is quite linear, featuring diverse areas that give you an open-worldish feel, but are technically big mazes filled with various enemies to kill and chests/points of interest to loot. Questing, killing and exploring provides the player with experience points, the most common currency in RPG's, that level up your character and provide points that can be allocated in any of the three skill trees the game provides, depending on what kind of combat style you prefer: The Pyromancer tree strengthens a variety of fire spells in Vulcan's disposal, the Ranger tree improves Vulcan's prowess with the twin blades and the Warrior tree increases his ability with the two-handed sword. Points can also be allocated in some aditional skills that are not combat oriented, such as receiving more materials when recycling an item (breaking down an item to scavenge specific materials and craft other items), or increasing the effectiveness of health and mana potions.As mentioned above, the game features quests that are divided into primary and secondary. Completing quests provides huge experience rewards, and also useful items for your character. Primary quests are mandatory to complete in order to progress the story. Secondary quests are optional and the game can be completed without them. However, I do recommend taking on every available quest you find, since not only they provide additional experience needed in order to level up your character, but they also reveal fragments of the world's lore for you to piece together and get a better understanding of Vertiel and its inhabitants. For example, completing companion quests (the additional protagonists of the story) can lead to smaller storylines connected with those characters that reveal their pasts and tales they have to share. They can also lead to romantic involvement with said characters, so there you go! (I personally did not get romanticaly involved with anyone, not for lack of trying... Forever alone T_T).Combat-wise, the fighting can take some time to get used to, but once you have mastered dodging and counter-attacking (it is not that difficult), every engagement with the enemy becomes a deadly dance of hacking and slashing from your part. That is not to say that battles in the game are easy. Especially if you are playing in higher difficulties, it will take all your focus and reflex skill to succeed in even the most trivial fights, so I would recommend starting at the easiest level.In terms of presentation, the graphics and art style are very impressive, with high resolution textures and excellent lighting, although there is the ocasional low resolution texture here and there that smudges the overall quality. The animations are also quite decent, but they could have been more fluid, especialy in the way Vulcan runs.In the sound department, the game truly shines. The music is amazing and gives off a feeling of epic adventure, featuring low, slow relaxing melodies whenever you are in the safety of one of your camps or in a village, and intense tunes whenever you are engaged in a fight, or any other dangerous situation. It dresses the game appropriately. The voice acting is also quite good, my only complaint being a few crude and childish lines spoken by Vulcan, although I think this is more of a writing problem rather than a voice acting one.Concluding, I enjoyed Bound By Flame alot. I though the story was interesting, the battles, once I got the hang of them,  became very entertaining and the various characters I met, each with their own personality and quirks, provided me with various dramatic and comedict moments that kept me invested in them. Spiders moved one step forward with this game, and by the time I am writing this review, their fourth game is already out, Technomancer, and I hear that they have taken another step forward there as well. I believe it wont be long before these developers have the appropriate funding needed to provide us with a quality AAA open-world title, which is, I believe, what they really wish to do, judging from what they have created so far. For now, just enjoy the best they have to offer, and know that their best is actually quite impressive."
76561198031324041,Recommended,243930,22395707,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Mumm-Ra,"A surprisingly stylish Rpg which kept me playing till the credits.I found the setting, soundtrack and combat to be fantastic. Graphically not a slouch either.You assume the role of a mercenary, male or female (your choice) in a famous band of cutthroats under the leadership of the ""captain"" who is seriously channeling Sean Connery.It starts off as an escort mission, guarding a group of priests to be more specific but quickly escalates when the Undead hordes arrive.You learn of 7 master sorcerers who are taking the world by storm and how there is no chance of fighting back....or is there?A ritual is started and by the end you will never be the same.The story takes off from there and its up to you how it will end. Will you resist the dark side or go full demonic?I found it to be very satisfying, only negative point I can think of was the length. It ends after 20 odd hours and I admit I'm spoiled and was expecting another huge epic journey.The main selling point of the game is the combat. Its right up there with the best games in the rpg genre. Its unforgiving and difficult  to start off with but once your past that learning curve it becomes very satisfying.Just make sure to grab the pyromancy talents as the game will be very hard without them.ps..Make sure you have at least 60 mana pots for the final battle, I had 105 which was unnecessary but i can't imagine fighting there without them."
,Recommended,243930,23106576,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Justin J (PuNk),"wtf is wrong with people? i really do not understand why this is getting any negative reviews.....this is a great action rpg game. fight enemies, gain experience, level up, assign skill and stat points, equip better weapons and armor. even bring a companion along to help fight and heal. lots of side quests to do, not to mention the main quest.the fighting mechanics in this game are pretty cool, you have a pretty unique feeling dodge ability, and if you dodge in perfect timing of the enemy attack you get extra damage in.the companions you can bring feel very weak but are somewhat helpful.the skill sets feel ok but i wish they were better. same for the stats.PROS:graphically amazingtime of day/time of night oriented missionschoices you make affect the games story, even the endinglevel up and assign stats and skillsupgrade armor and weaponslots of enemies to battlepretty sweet boss fightsgame runs perfectly, no stuttering lagging issueshave not ran into any bugs or glitchesCONS:skill and stats could be better and more helpful (not game breaking at all)HIGHLY RECOMMEND 7/10"
76561198151971636,Not Recommended,243930,32492818,Posted: 16 June,all,Dameros,"Pretty disappointing that you only ever really hear about a single Ice Lord while I'm not even sure all of the other ones' names are mentionned. Romance feels tackled on, enemies are figurative HP bags while some of them can kill you in 2-3 hits, which does make the game harder and more fun in a way, sometimes NPCS ""reveal"" story plot you already know because you talked with another NPC before him, or other times your character knows stuff which was never mentionned, which made me scratch my head a few times. I did like this game and had fun playing it, but I can't recommend it."
,Recommended,243930,29663657,Posted: 2 February,all,shtook,"Still don't understand why there are so many negative reviews. Maybe this game doesn't look like AAA title, but in general it's fine and somehow reminds me Of Orcs and Men, Game of Thrones RPG and Lords of the Fallen."
76561198004391786,Recommended,243930,33800155,Posted: 25 July,all,Sareko,"The mixed review for this game seems to be a bit harsh, as I feel it being compared to The Witcher or Dragon Age to be a bit of a stretch considering the more than likely difference in budget.The game should be viewed in terms of a 10-20 dollar RPG. It has about a 11-14 hour semi-completionist playtime.It seems to be that people like it as the kind of lower-budget RPG that it is, or they stomp on it and claim that there are new redeeming factors.I think this game does what a lot of the higher-budget RPG games do, Dragon Age/Witcher/Dark Souls, but just a fair bit worse in a lot of regards. I don't think it's to the point where it is unplayable or repulsively boring, but if you want a somewhat cool RPG that you can beat over the weekend, go for it.The soundtrack is the best thing about this game, it helps make the experience a bit more unique.I think that if it had a larger budget, then a lot of the issues would've been solved. Such as the characters being somewhat one-dimensional and the story having odd pacing."
,Not Recommended,243930,33022419,Posted: 29 June,all,Festive,"Bound by Flame ReviewIn May of 2014, French video game studio,Spiders, released Bound by Flame. It seemed as though it was their attempt to create an immersive role-playing game, taking inspiration from games like Dragon Age and Dark Souls. In the reveal trailer, it was shown catering to multiple playstyles. One could play a powerful rogue, which would utilize stealth and high damage. Other players could choose a warrior, taking heavy hits and dealing them right back.The game was also given romantic sequences for both gendered characters, attempting to showcase that the dialogue in the game led to serious rewards or consequences. They also explained an in-depth looting system, crafting weapons and armor, and even allowing the player to make decisions to either fight against the demon within them or to succumb to the fiery damnation of what possessed them.Unfortunately, Spiders fall short of everything they promised. While things may look shiny and new in this game, there is so little to take away from this game that it almost feels like a waste of money, even with almost all the cost cut off.The Story ItselfThe story takes place in Vertiel, a land that is tormented by some immortal beings calledThe Ice Lords.If that wasn't edgy enough, the Ice Lords have an entire undead army aptly titled,the Frozen Shadows.Despite the name, they are actually really bad at being good enemies, but we can get to that later on.You take control of a mercenary, Vulcan, and you are a part of a group of bandits called theFreeborn Blades.Your character is about as generic as they come, as your character doesn't come loaded with any specific background. The developers even shirked themselves from this extra work by giving your characteramnesia.Any attempt to understand Vulcan on a human level is effectively void.Even with your poor memory, you still find yourself woefully indebted to your mercenary buddies as they attempt to unravel the mysteries of some temple. During an experiment within the temple gone haywire, a fire demon manifests itself as energy and possesses Vulcan. Throughout the game, this unnamed demon is telling you to get the heart of the world called, uh...Worldheart.Thus, your adventure starts.The GoodWith my playtime during the game, I never found myself crashing. It felt like everything was generally smooth and ported well to the PC. More than you can say with a lot of other games, so I have to give Spiders a big thumbs up for that. Also, the ability to manually save during cutscenes and battles is phenomenal and really eased tensions when I thought cutscenes would take too long.The user-interface was pretty pleasing. The text was easy-to-read, the crafting systems were readily accessible, and a lot of the battle-ready interfaces (companion circle, spell circle) was responsive which allowed for plenty of quick decisions without having to click through a series of menus to get there.Some of the dialogue is actually pretty funny. Perhaps not in the way that was intended, but I had a few giggles along the way. Maybe it was a mix of unintentional comedy and poor voice acting that made it what it was, but there are some clever quips that drop from several characters. Although, this is the only good thing that I can say about the dialogue in the game as a whole, which is unfortunate.The BadCombat is stale.Heavy attacks and augmented attacks do very similar damage to quick attacks, even when you're plugging points into them. The warrior class, which seemed to be designed specifically for tanking abilities and absorbing the shock of battle, doesn't follow through. You have no dash mechanic on the class, which makes it incredibly tedious to use and is probably not chosen over the ranger class, which has far more capability in movement and damage.Crafting seems almost useless unless you're making potions. There isn't much of a point at the beginning-to-middle part of the game to augment your weapons because you discover too many of them when you're going through the game. I found myself ceasing almost all armor and weapon upgrades because I knew I would find some other set of armor later on that would make it seem like my crafting was wasted (which it was).Enemies are boring.You have your basic fodder - small skeletons, hefty stinkbugs, etc. This is pretty typical of role-playing games, but what isn't typical is giving them a massive amount of health and forcing fights that last literally five minutes for minor enemies. Boss fights are even worse, lasting upwards of eight or nine minutes depending on how good you are at parrying. At any given point in the game, you always feel weak and it makes all your abilities seem like wasted potential.Just as the enemies are stale, so is the dialogue. Everyone appears to talk very formally with old-speak, but then your character just pops off with a bunch of mean-spirited cuss words. Sometimes it felt so forced that it was almost painful to listen to. Your character is just a bully and it feels awful having conversations with people, for the most part. Some playful banter here and there, but most dialogue is reminiscent ofthat one friend that takes it too far.Maps are a maze 90% of the time.Corridors, corridors, corridors. There is never one linear way to get somewhere, but it isn't open world either! No, every map is just a huge series of long pathways that lead to more enemies, one chest (that usually just gives you leather), and a bunch of frustration. Most of the time, if you can just rush to the exit, you'll probably take that every single time to avoid the tedium.OverallEven on sale, I wouldn't recommend this game.It's a mundane mess of broken character design, horrible dialogue, terrible map direction, and woefully uninspired combat. While I think this game has some merit and great concepts, the execution ultimately fails. If you feel like playing a role-playing game, then I would recommend almost anything else within the genre. Bound by Flame isn't worth the money nor is it worth your time."
76561197973706677,Recommended,243930,29842523,Posted: 11 February,all,blacktomcat,"First of all, this game has more Action than RPG, nonetheless it has some good points on the RPG side too.Pro:- Quick, fluid and fun combat- 2 destinctive skill trees that feel very different when used (plus a third one that acts more or less as support)- Interesting Story- Fresh rather unused setting, even if it feels a bit ""standard"" at timesContra:- Really short game (for an RPG that is!) and only little replay value (2 playthroughs should get you to see everything there is... I did 3 playthroughts within about 32 hours, doing ALL sidequests)- The camera is at times problematic (as it is in nearly every 3rd person game...)- The scalable difficulty is ok-ish but the highest difficulty still feels a bit easy (this is just me! more a feeling than anything else)- Its strictly linear, even if there are something to discover here and there- It feels like one of the skilltrees is a lot stronger than the other one (this may only be because of my prefered play style)Tl;dr:If you look for the next sandbox/skyrim: This is not one.If you look for a action packed rpg (like Risen or Gothic, just quicker and way more action + less rpg  :P) then this is the one for you :)"
76561198052983021,Recommended,243930,30764089,Posted: 26 March,all,jvgocavs_2000,"Bound by Flame lets you embrace the demon inside, or if your boring a more “moral” and less awesome path.  My choices affected not only my story but more poignantly my appearance and how I built my character.  The combat works well enough and like your story has multiple paths you can follow.   I chose quick dagger attacks with riposte and fire, lots and lots of fire.   I even had groupies that aided me in battle and added to the story.  My favorite was the White Witch and her ability to curse my foes with detrimental effects.  Even though most of the time I used her as bait to hold the undead’s attention with her skimpy dress so I could more easily stab them in the back with a fire dagger she never once complained, bit of a masochist I think.  Oh and the crafting, it really affects the game, is easy to use and adds a nice level of management on top of the character building.  I built traps and potions, enhanced my equipment and weapons and recycled what I couldn’t use for useful components to craft with as my adventure progressed.Unfortunately Bound by Flames world is not very diverse or expansive.  There are only three landscapes to explore; a forest, ice city and an “otherworld” all made up of corridors.  But it looked good enough and held just enough secrets to peak my interest as I explored it.  My adventure was long enough for me to grow into a flamey badass and wreak havoc on the evil ice lords without becoming bored by the relatively small world and budget graphics, presentation and A.I.  Spiders did a nice job with this one, they used their limited budget wisely and created a captivating if brief and simple world to explore when you are in between AAA RPGs."
,Recommended,243930,14583927,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,merauder,"As far as action-RPGs go , this is an average game.  Not the worst, and no the best.   It is rough around the edges, but can also be great fun a times.  Combat is both frustrating and entertaining.  Dialogue can be charming , and then embarassingly bad.  The bottom line is I can only recommend this game, when it has a sale.  You can forgive it's shortcomings when you have paid less than half-price."
76561198030494965,Recommended,243930,32981442,Posted: 29 June,all,Alpha Blue,"I think best way I could describe Bound By Flame is like a game with a Dark Souls atmosphere and Witcher combat mechanics, with a few twists that make it stand out on its own. Personally, I feel like there's a certain charm to the game that had me thinking about it and wanting to play it again over the years but saying that the game is not without its faults would definitely be an understatement. So instead of me rambling on I'll do my best to break it down for you:Graphics & Optimization - Bound By Flame's graphics are fairly impressive and give the game a lot of that grittiness to match the atmosphere. Animations look good too and overall the game seems to be very well optimized. I had no issues running it on my rig and in my 40 hours of play I only crashed once. One bad thing I noticed though is that it has unnecessarily long loading times even when loading small areas. Good example would be at a point I got up to get a plate of food, came back a few minutes later only to see it finish loading the moment I sat back down.Voice & Soundtrack - There's a pretty big gap between the good voice acting and the bad in this game, without all that much in between. Some voices are great and suit their characters perfectly (personally I really liked Blackfrost's almost Jack of Blades voicing) while others feel pretty badly voiced (Sybil has to be the worst yet, I found myself skipping much of her dialogue even without reading it just to avoid listening to her) or even voiced without the proper context, as if the voice actor was reading off a script with no supervision. But still, much is perfectly fine too. The soundtrack is good though, from the town and combat BGMs to the great opening and closing songs.Plot & Atmosphere - I think this is where the game really charmed me. Much of the environment and its enemies is reminiscent of a kind of Dark Souls or Lords of the Fallen feel (minus the ""mystery"" that comes with most aspects of DS) while the plot still feels unique in its own right. There's enough plot to absorb to make you feel like you're a part in a large world with lots of potential stories to tell and things to be part of, but due to the game's length you will probably be disappointed with just how little of it is actually explored and relevant to you as the player. If the game didn't come to such a decisive end, it might have been interesting to see where a sequel or even story DLC could take it but due to the ending and mixed reception in general it's not surprising nothing like that ever happened.Characters & Romance - Overall the characters felt at least somewhat interesting, with the player having the opportunity to explore them a bit more with some lines of dialogue and side quests but due to the short length of the game they also felt a bit underdeveloped. There's nothing that really stands out about the character designs aside from Edwen (you'll know what I mean the moment you meet her, and the dialogue will remind you of it over and over until it gets pretty old).  Romance...the game has a romance mechanic? Yes, sort of. Romances in Bound By Flame are either incredibly basic requiring only that you complete a character's side quests and say that you have feelings for them or need very specific dialogue triggers that completely lock you out of their romance if you get one thing wrong, only to be rewarded with a 5 second cutscene that involves a kiss and that's it (except in Edwen's case, which you're rewarded with many particular camera angles but let's be honest you get those in just about every scene with her). A wag of the finger though for the fact that romances are ""straight only"" since most games now days are past this.Combat Mechanics - So here is the really bad part about the game. Combat mechanics are very similar to Witcher, particularly Witcher 2 and is made up mostly of playing with a 2 handed weapon and parrying and countering strikes or playing with daggers and dodging and countering strikes. There is also the ability to use pyromancy based skills such as fireballs or igniting your weapon to deal fire damage. It's even got a stealth mechanic for picking off enemies one at a time or dealing large amounts of damage to tougher enemies. All in all, the basic concept is really not that bad and rewards the player for their skills in timing and reading enemy movements and is meant to give you that sense of ""I done good"" with every enemy you fell. However, the mechanics are VERY flawed and unpolished and make what is meant to be a challenging game even harder as players are forced to deal with many frustrating issues. The worst of which has to be the poor camera control in combat. One way or another, you'll often find yourself staring at a wood beam or glitched terrain instead just at the moment you are trying to time a dodge or parry, leaving you completely vulnerable. Pyromany attacks often go straight through enemies, miss horribly or get cast in some random direction instead of your target. Whichs brings up another major issue, the targetting system. It is incredibly innacurate and never seems to let you target or switch to the target you want, and if it's not throwing your camera around like you're drunk crowd surfing it's targetting an enemy far out of range on the other side of the area, so far away you can't actually target it on purpose. There are also some real flaws in the parry and dodge system. A great example is how when you make a perfectly timed dodge, you leap back and out of harms way just to auto counterattack RIGHT back into harms way again and trying to get out of the auto attack only makes you awkwardly flail in some other direction. There is a similar issue for dodging in general since you can only dodge backwards instead of to the side, so if you're running around trying to dodge you may just find yourself leaping back in some odd direction where there just happens to be enemies waiting for the game to slip you up. All in all, very unpolished, buggy and not very well thought out.Enemies & AI - Enemies are varied enough to keep you interested for the most part, while boss fights can be both challenging and fun. Some fights can last a good amount of time and keep you on your toes as you battle with both your reflexes and endurance to shave off boss health just a bit at a time until you've won. The game certainly doesn't reward you for being reckless and flailing around  thinking you can safely mash buttons until everything around you is dead. The AI for enemies is pretty simple, but as far as allies it's honestly pretty bad at least in the sense of your companions. You can bring one member of your group along with you at any time and can give them be aggressive or defensive orders, but they do almost no damage and make for poor meatshields besides.Length & Replayability - Bound By Flame gives the players a handful of side quests, but for the most part only if you're seeking them out. The game is sectioned out into 3 Acts with Chapters but if you decide to ignore most of the side quests, it'll go by pretty quickly. It's fair to say the game is a short one, but mainly because it feels like there is room in the plot for so much more than the game has to offer before its end. Replayability is good though due to the choice in the game to play as human or allow demonic possession, a few ""major"" decisions along with the ability to play as male or female and their respective romances (which again, don't really count for much at all). I put around 35-40 hours into the game in two seperate playthroughs and going back over some saves to top off the achievements before feeling like it was played out for me.I really wish I could say more about the game to explain why I like it, since this review covers so much of the bad things about it. The best I can do is let you know what you're in for and hope you enjoy it despite the issues like I did. If nothing else, grab it while it's nice and cheap on sale."
,Recommended,243930,25680783,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Mexy,"I was on the fence about buying this one, due to the huge variation in reviews, but it was on sale so I decided to give it a shot. Ultimately, it was worth what I paid for it, but it's definitely not the best game I've ever played.Overall: 6.5/10Pros:- Crafting. The system is simple, but interesting. You don't need to be at a shop to craft materials or armor upgrades, etc. I like that you can do it on the fly or even in combat, if you have enough gold/materials. Different than what I'm used to, but a refreshing change.- Leveling/Customization. I like the combination of skill points and feats. The skill trees behave pretty much like every other game, but each of them offers a pretty different playstyle. The feats are additional upgrades for your character, but you have to unlock them through gameplay (ie, kill x enemies with fire) before you can train them. The system was fairly straightforward, but I felt like I had a good amount of customization.- Meaningful choices. Although I don't care much about the story (in any game), I do like that the decisions you make have an effect on what happens during your playthrough. There is the big choice between taking the human path or the demon path, but your interactions with the NPCs also has an impact.- Combat. There is a decent variety of enemies (for the size of the game) and even on lower difficulties, you have to at least put some thought into what you're doing and how to tackle each fight.- Humor. Some of the dialogue in the game is very ""real"", complete with dumb humor and crude jokes. Although I skipped through most of it (again, not caring too much about story), there were a few parts (and one character in particular) that actually made me laugh. It was a small thing, but refreshing to see.- Music. The soundtrack for this game is great. I often found myself accidentally sitting on the main menu just to listen to the theme song for a few minutes.Cons:- Companions. I loved the idea of having companions to fight with me and the ability to choose who to take and what their combat style should be, but boy are they stupid. They would constantly get stuck on the environment and get left behind, and during battle they were usually nothing more than a temporary distraction, until they died. Still better than not having them, but the system could use some improvement.- Combat. Although some parts of the combat were good, there was a lot that wasn't. I had a lot of trouble using the lock on system properly, but I found I couldn't play very effectively without it either. Some of the enemies/fights seemed to be cheap and I didn't always feel like I ""deserved"" it when something went wrong, which was frustrating and disappointing. Overall, the combat was very punishing.- Difficulty. Not being in the mood to torture myself, I played through on Normal. Some parts of the game felt right, but the difficulty curve was definitely a bit off. The middle felt pretty good, but I definitely had a tough time at the very beginning and the last boss was very disproportionately hard compared to everything else."
76561198006240303,Recommended,243930,11888331,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,cell1e,"I have played through twice but both times on easy setting. I bought this game initally because of the opportunity it gives to play as female and the rpg character customisation and development is something I really enjoy. I also was hoping the story and romances would be good too.The charcter creation is basic, barely ok. Also I would recommend you not bother to change the name because Vulcan is the only name you get called in the game. I didnt bother changing my name in the second playthrough. I rather liked being called by name rather than 'friend, boss, hero or other generic title'I think the story was ok, definitely a few plotholes. The first part is very complete and well done and the last two chapters rushed and with bits missing. There was a lot of death in this game, I didnt like that my character ended up killing another main character who I wouldnt choose to kill under any circumstances.I liked the combat, I was glad I could mix it up a lot. I missed fast travel back to camp but I suspect that was never implented as the game would end up being really short. So going to and fro and fighting the same respawning enemies felt a little bit of a cheap way to level. (I got the feeling a large chunk of the story and game was cut out)I am glad I got the choice of endings and some other choices throughout the game (didnt like the 'heroic' choice option) but can live with it.I think the crafting and armour upgrades was well done. I liked the interface and the maps. I loved Mathras, his character was the star of the show. Randval was also well acted, and Sybil and that nasty sorceror lady. Female hero's voice and acting wasnt so good, not sure about male.I would give this game a 7/10 as I enjoyed it enough to play it through twice."
,Recommended,243930,24003820,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Stardust,"Don't go in expecting something big like Dragon Age or some other big title. All in all, it is a short, sweet game. Combat can be fun if you know how and when to react to certain attacks other than just holding the block button down constantly. A lot of people are just salty because they can't get a handle on the combat for whatever reason.The story itself could be better, but I enjoyed it. My favorite character is totally a tie between the sassy female protagonist and Mathras.Don't buy it for full price, as I said it is a pretty short game. Probably pay 15$ at most. I bought it when it was about 6$."
76561198038892067,Recommended,243930,10948317,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,kaay,"I would describe Bound by Flame as an arcade style action-RPG.At first glance the game might seem similar to Witcher but this is deceiving, Bound by Flame and Witcher are completely different games that try to do different things in different ways.Bound by Flame reduced some RPG elements to a bare minimum in order to create a very fluid action-oriented combat.The combat in this game is more similar to an arcade-RPG than to the usual RPGs we are used to.Personally i enjoyed the combat a lot. Just like Mars War Logs, the combat seems difficult and unfair at first but it quickly becomes addictive once you get into it.....IF you get into it before getting frustrated because you tried to play it like it was Witcher or Amalur.The combat reminds me a little bit of some of my fave arcade games like Knights of the Round, D&D Towers of Doom/Shadows over Mystaria.The skill tree looks very similar to other games but again this is deceiving. You have a warrior branch (2 handed swords, axes and hammers), a so-called ranger branch that specialises in daggers (no bows), and a magic branch that unlike usual games, is not self-sufficient, its intended more like a buffer than a caster.There is also a feat tree (every level you get two skillpoints and one feat point) where you can further improve your character in different ways.The so-called crafting is very basic but very practical, can be done everywhere (even in fights) as long as you have the needed materials that you can gather or loot from containers or defeated enemies. The amount and type of upgrades that you can insert on equipment depends on the ""level"" of the equipment, early armors and weps have very little options while later ones offer a great variety of interesting options.There are two secondary weapons that can prove very useful, the crossbow (very limited ammo used mostly for interrupting or poisoning) and the traps. These two weapons could become the only way out of difficult boss fights if you screwed up your character build (like investing points in both the ranger and the warrior branch which is a big mistake).The graphics are very good but there is too little variation.The story is good but its unpolished, many inconsistencies and loose ends.The decision-making that is supposed to change the story is very underwhelming as is the so-called seduction thing. This aspect was so much better in Mars War Logs.Also its a bit annoying how dialogue options are still there after they are no longer valid, not a big thing but still.All in all this is a very entertaining game if you are after an action-RPG with very fluid arcade-style action and a fairly good story."
76561198027228335,Not Recommended,243930,10098286,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,robzam,"Good design ideas, TERRIBLE execution. This game should've never been made, the worst way I've spent $33. This game tries to mimic Kingdoms of Amalur and fails apicly."
76561198058084844,Not Recommended,243930,10093104,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Death Of A Bachelor,"I'm dissapointed at this game that had so much potential, but the combat system is brutally hard - and not like, dark souls hard where the mechanics and gameplay make sense and feel good, where there's the thrill of excitement and the adrenalin of completing something.... but hard because the system doesn't make any sense, because it's slow, boring and painful. And that is the worst thing you want in a combat system. I like the menus, I like the customisation, I like the talent trees and skills a lot, but those need combat to work well. The HD textures are okay but no where near enough to justify the price, in the UK this is £30 on steam. I wouldn't even recommend it at 50% off. Maybe not even at 75% to be honest.As for the storyline - well, it's terrible. It's a poor storyline, with horrible voice acting (and a few okay bits, but mostly horrible), and terrible writing with awful one liners. Thoroughly predictable and gives absolutely no immersion/connection to the character. And all that would be fine in a game that's 80-90% combat anyway, if the combat wasn't the worst part of the game.Don't touch this at all, at least, not in it's current state."
76561197994268349,Recommended,243930,28860185,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Dysphunc,"The story isn't Shakespeare and the gameplay not flawless.  The prologue is a little slow and the dialogue is cringy most of the time.  Make it through the first hour and there's a hidden gem here!This is one of the best RPG's I've played in a while.  People nit pick how corridor-y this games maps are - I'm guessing most of you have forgotten The Witcher 2???  The maps (and lack of world map) make this game look boring and small but it's really not.  Each chapter is a large area pretty much the same as The Witcher 2 played.Plenty of loot everything (in containers) that's not bolted down (my fav type of RPG that's not stealth focused.)  And you'll want to loot EVERYTHING.  Remember back to scavenging for parts in KotoR - and a similar upgrade system but you create the add-on parts and they all have cosmetic effects as well as stats.The combat is a bit clunky but if you pick a build type and stick to it combat gets fairly easy and cheesy unless you play on a hard difficulty - but it depends on if how you like to play.Some choices matter and some don't.  Listen to all the dialogue as sometimes you'll miss that 1 important thing you need to do or know.If you're a fan of Spiders the developer and don't own this - grab it, well worth full price.  If you're just looking for a game with decent RPG mechanics and a solid 12-20 hours of RPG gameplay similar to 10 years ago it's a must buy but wait till it's on sale.Graphics 3/5Story 2/5Gameplay 4/5RPG fun factor 4/5Overall 3.5/5 - it'd be a solid 4 for me if the either the story was more compelling or the voice acting not so cringy.  But it's so scratching my itch for my need of an older (2000's) style RPG.  None of this customize his cheek bones but not his sword type RPG - this is pretty much dead opposite."
76561198134504906,Recommended,243930,25174819,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,-Viscara-,"I know this is sound ridiculous,but i love this game.Finish this game in just 3 days, (9.8 hours(average 3 hours/day)), and i feel satisfied.Maybe this game bad at graphic, but u should check the history of this game, they make this game with a low budget, but still, rich story line and gameplay, choose between standin in human path or follow evil path, really really good for me. But it pretty sucks on control.I suggest to buy this game when it has discount,It's not worthed in a full pricebut still, i love this game!"
76561198031643168,Recommended,243930,33998970,Posted: 3 August,all,SUX2BU,"Great game, loads of fun! The atmosphere, story and characters created deep immersion for me.I'm glad I played Easy mode. Took awhile to understand combat tactics. Parry, guard, dodge and riposte are vital for victory. Be careful distributing Skills early. I spread them out and wasted 4-5 on Warrior before I realized Ranger was better for my style.Regardless of which path you choose, I'd advise getting some good stealth Skills early as surprise attacks are devastating.Had so much fun as Ranger. If I played it again I'd boost some Ranger skills then start maxing the Pyromancer to see how cool fighting with fire could be!2 recommendations. Start on Easy at least until you learn the game and path you want to choose then restart if you want more challenge. Even on easy I refought plenty of battles.Play as female. Her attitude and dialogue were both funny and fitting for the story. She was often confident and cocky.Enjoyed it.... have fun."
76561198040878680,Not Recommended,243930,10093369,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Jadorel,"This game was overly hyped, big time. It is not Mass Effect in a medieval era, that game would be Dragon Age, where they did it right. This game offers the illusion where every choice counts. In order for the different choices to matter to the player, the game needs to stay consistent to the choice. In this game, you may make a choice, and the consequences of that choices are not explained at all, or the game may even go back on that choice completely.This game is just not good. The combat is the main reason, it is horrible. You are given 3 skill trees, and right off the bat you have every skill already unlocked in the game, except for the ultimates at the end of the tree. Those that have played RPGs know how not fun it is to already start off with every skill and only spend points to make them stronger. The combat relies heavily on timing of dodging and parrying but can be easily exploited or worked around. For the early player, most enemies will seem to take forever to die, and so you are just spamming the same button combo and animation over and over again until they die. By the end of the game I honestly got sick of fighting enemies so I just ran right past unnecessary ones.Storywise, the story makes honestly no sense. Im not going to spoil anything for those who mistakenly still want to play, but lets just say it ends on a very lackluster note.Final note: Do not buy this game for $40, ever. If the game looks interesting to you, maybe pick it up during a sale, but I would never spend more than $20 on it."
,Not Recommended,243930,33710551,Posted: 21 July,all,ArcadiusMaddock,"This is a complicated game to unpack, and while there are quite a few things I like about this game, I cannot even finish it. I wanted to like this game from the start, and I almost could. With amazing worldbuilding, and fantastic graphics, Bound by Flame is a joy to look at. I just wish the rest of the game was as good. There's an alright combat system, it's not bad. The crafting system, while unnecessary, isn't that bad either. The main Problem that I had was the writing and dialog between characters. Every single actions was not only poorly voice acted, it was painfully unrealistic. I tried to look past some of the bad cutscenes, but they were just so terribly crafted that I feel an 8th grade writing class could have done better. I couldn't get half-way through chapter one before uninstalling the game. It's a shame too, the world they built was beautiful, and the plot wasn't half-bad either. But the sheer amount of unrealistic dialog made the game unplayable for me."
76561197974933293,Recommended,243930,16222539,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,BadMagiX,"With the positive, i have a few buts to adress. This game doesnt deliever a ton for $30 (corrected), the gameplay gradually slows down more and more as you get further in the game,  the game is pretty short, and the skill tree is pretty small.for what its worth i think the game was pretty fun until you got to the last area, but fortunately the game doesnt drag on too long after you start to lose interest, and the final battle is pretty awesome.So if your trying to be economical i wouldnt recommend this game, but if your desperate to find anything to preoccupy you for a little while (about 20 hrs), and have a bit of fun, this game is better than most."
,Recommended,243930,18139571,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Mutated.Francis,"Bound by Flame is a fantasy-themed action role-playing game. Bound by Flame puts the player in the role of a victim of a demonic influence, where it's necessary to choose between the evil powers that are offered or rejecting them in favor of developing heroic talents.It’s a good thing that Bound By Flame’s combat is its strongest point, because almost every major in-game conflict is resolved through violence. Structurally, it’s largely linear; though smaller maps and quests can be explored and completed in different orders, it’s always constrained by narrow corridors and a fairly rigid plot. Thankfully though, it strikes a harmony between its entertaining combat system and thoughtful role-playing progression, giving it a consistent forward momentum that held my attention despite its inconsistent story and writing."
76561198135121554,Not Recommended,243930,23878351,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,TheSilentStorm,"The game is kind of a mess to be honest. It certainly has some cool ideas, but there are just so many things wrong with Bound by Flame. Its a low budget action RPG disguised to look like some triple A Bioware type game. I was pretty excited when I first bought it, and I foolishly thought that it WOULD have a more higher budget feel, but after a few hours of gameplay I soon saw this game for what it really was. It's not all bad, and I do commend Spiders for their effort. I think this studio has a ton of potential and could someday very well be the next Bioware or something. However, the negatives outwweighed the positives for me with this game. The combat is...kind of terrible tbh. Incredibly unbalanced. Making enemies way harder than they should be. The voice acting ranges from average to mediocre for the most part. The companions are completely usless and for the most part uninteresting. They either do very little damage, or heal very small amounts of health. The story itself is fairly short. Though it does have some kind of cool moments. I do like the choice system. The story centers around your character being possessed by a flame demon. Throughout the game, you can either give in to the demons will(making yourself take on the demons appearance in the process, which has its benefits as well its consequences) or you can choose to fight it and keep your humanity intact. Thats about the only cool part though in my opinion. The story itself is not aprticularly interesting.I know It says that I am not reccomending the game, but I do think Bound by flame may be worth a playthrough if you enjoy these types of games and are willing to overlook a lot of the rough edges. Its not the worst thing in the world. It certainly has its enjoyable moments. Just don't expect too much"
76561197970754116,Recommended,243930,33568185,Posted: 15 July,all,Oskar von Reuenthal 提督,"After finishing all Spiders RPGs up to Bound by Flame I must say, this is their best work I have played so far and they are all underrated in my opinion. The games do lack some polish and variety and are on the short side when compared to AAA hallmarks like Mass Effect or The Witcher but they have their own charm, great atmosphere and mature writing. Combat in Bound by Flame was brutal at the beginning. I played on normal (Hawk) and died during the tutorial and often and repeatedly during the first half of the game. But as your power grows and you figure out how to go about combat more cleverly things actually become a tad too easy towards the end. The penultimate boss in the game was even a real pushover who hardly even touched me. All in all a very satisfying experience that I would rate as a 7.5."
,Recommended,243930,28935483,Posted: 2 January,all,Misfit209,"I am just writing this review because this game deserves positive ratings. It is a good game. Bound by Flame has a large amount of content. The crafting is simple but fun. The skill trees take some getting used to. It is kind of a ""hallway open world."" Buy this game, it is worth the money."
,Recommended,243930,25462470,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Blackface Boi,"Oh boy, this game is rather cruel :( didn't except a whole lot of challenge, but now my ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ is torn asunder.Pros:- Great enemy design. (and lots of them)- Decent storyline. (not perfect, but better than Skyrim at least)- Nice character sheet that offers different playstyles.- Different companions that react differently to choices made by the player.- It looks pretty sharp graphics-wise.- Many weapon and armor choices.- Voice acting is mostly good.- Ran flawlessly on my machine. (no FPS-drops or chrashes)Cons:- Most bosses are very annoying and will pin you against a wall whilst happily ending your life.- Very limited options when it comes to attacks. (no combos or ugradable skills in that aspect)- In the start of the game your character attacks so damn slow it will hurt your soul (upgrade attack speed as soon as possible!)- Frost enemies in chapter 3 especially. (not much to explain, they slow you down to a ludacris degree making fights horrible and needlessly difficult)Decent RPG that won't make you cry or cüm.Personal rating: 6/10 Get it if there is a discount"
76561197996350425,Not Recommended,243930,21973213,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Valkath,"Just finished a first play through, but I completed it more out of stubborness than anything else!Controls feel like an exercise in frustration a lot of the time, and while there's a mix of combat skills and fire magic, frankly it becomes apparent very early on that the Ranger path is the only one worth taking at all.Story was decent if generic, characters interesting enough if also generic, dialogue was quite amusing in parts, but not enough to redeem it.Overall, I think I'd have to rate it 5/10. Certainly not the worst game I've ever played, but didn't quite live up to the potential for me."
,Recommended,243930,15460236,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Smoker,"+good atmosphere + story + music+max graphics are good but some fake backgrounds+challenging fights with a better witcher 2 combat system (play on easy, end boss hard)+sweet crafting and upgrading equipment system+8$ sale price+fov slider-takes forever to find anything without quest markers-same voice actors they use in their other games that are sometimes bad-end boss too hard"
76561197990770147,Not Recommended,243930,10071703,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Tanku,"Sometimes a game comes along, from an independent, small-ish company, that trues and manages to introduce new, fascinating ideas and implement them as a staple of genre design for the future.Unfortunately, Bound by Flame is not such a game. It's actually quite the opposite. It doesn't create a new experience but rather it seems to want to emulate what it thinks an RPG should have. Like a child, swinging around a toy sword, claming 'that's what the people on Game of Thrones do'.From its first trailers, the game promised a rich storyline, fun and varied combat and the big choice between power to overcome enemies or maintaining your humanity. While I can't talk about the last one, it's safe to say that it fails on the first two.Dialogue and characters are bland at best, outright stupid at worst. Horrible writing, cheesy one-liners and a voice acting that makes The Room seem like Titanic make it a gruesome, facepalm-inducing experience. Coupled with the fact that the designers thought adding the f-word in the game would make it all better, makes it even worse. Most of the time any dialogue you have makes very little sense...i'm sorry... very little ♥♥♥♥ING sense. See what I did, writers? So no, that aspect falls flat on its♥♥♥♥♥What about the combat then? Well, you're in for a shock. That's a mess too. The biggest dismay of combat is its painfully slow pace. Enemies seem to have huge health bars, even the crappiest of scouts takes a number of hits to finally go down. Moreso, it lacks feedback. Whatever you hit won't react to the blow, won't be stunned or impeded unless the blow is specifically designed to (see the guard-dropping kick). However any attack on YOU will stunlock. So it will indeed feel like you're swinging a cardboard tube around. Want more? How about adding in a lock-on system that is horribly shoddy (lock on to an enemy, yet launching a fireball at another for no reason) ? Does that pique your interest? No? Who would've guessed...The music is okay, but becomes repetitive early on, having the same menu tune pop up almost every other cutscene. However the graphics are beautiful, with the grim exception of human faces and lip-sync.All in all, it's not a good game. Don't waste your money on something even Two Worlds or Risen can do a lot better!"
,Recommended,243930,24164236,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Caius Cosades,"This game blew my expectations for it out of the water. I honestly thought this game was going to be some maybe boring middle ware crap, but I was very surprised. The amount of features, like crafting, that they put into the game is amazing for the price of it. The story is not all that great, I didn't expect it to be, but the setting is.It's like a dark but high fantasy setting with tons of magic and other things you'd expect from a fantasy setting. However, it's set apart by the design of the world you explore, the monsters and beings you encounter, the lore that has actual good writing and effort put into it, and just how it was made.The gameplay consists of standard stat building and other such stuff, but it doesnt let you minmax or munchkin easily, or at least I wasn't able to. I was very satisfied with the combat and how everything played out in it, it was very unqie but not too different as to where it would be off putting to get into.The characters are actually very well done, if a bit maybe 2 dimensional, but I'm not expecting an epic out of a 20 hour game with a few replays possible. That reminds me, the game is surprisingly replayable, what with at least 3 or 4 endings, multiple followers and choices with them, and how to build your character.The game itself is linear and soemwhat short, as I said about 20 hours. Though, as I also said, I didn't have super high expectations, so that may taint my opinion a bit. All in all, I thought how the game presented this was perfectly acceptable, I enjoyed every bit of it.Overall, this game is worth it at around $30 in my opinion even though I bought it on sale at around $20. I am very satisfied with my purchase and hope to see more games like this in the future."
,Recommended,243930,19512889,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,mr Green,"I do recommend the game, but please read this large con before buying the game :played this 90 minutes on the easiest game setting; 70 minutes of opening movies and interaction with the enviroment and npc's, 10 minutes looking thru the skilltree and weapon upgrade system. the other 10 minutes i was in combat with enemies. of these 10 minutes, i played dead 7 minutes. litterally ,,, on the easiest game setting, i was more dead as alive and restarting from previous checkpoint, in the middle of ♥♥♥♥ing combat only to die again, reset and die... like a loop...the game offers 4 difficulty settings, and the easiest one, is simply not easy enough for me.  not a good game for those of you who prefer a combat system, that is easy-going. start simple and build up.... this game will throw u right into the deep...----------------------------------pro's:Did love the fact that some parts of mission ""failed"" because i refused to talk to some npc's. this did not caused the game to reload a check point, it only mentioned that a part had failed, and new options became available....Did also love the abusive and agressive way the npc;s talk to you and to each other. if you dont like name calling, u will not like this game..."
76561198024043780,Recommended,243930,28188460,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Nyklon,"This is my first game review, and I am writing it specifically because  this game has gotten so much hate.I really enjoyed this game, even if it is a bit rough around the edges. Buy it on sale and I promise that you will never have invested your money more wisely (for a game ;)  ).PROS:Fun action-rich gameplay!decent storyfunny voice-actingdecent graphicsCONS:high difficultygame is a bit shortcustomization options are a bit limitedThe core gameplay is lots of fun, hacking, slashing, casting, and all of it skill-based. Its difficult to learn, especially on the higher difficulty levels (if you are having hard time, play on easy, seriously). You cant just rush into a group of enemies and hope to survive, you have to master parrying and counter-attacking in order to really do well. Those moves need to be timed well against incoming attacks, which at first is pretty hard, but you get the hang of it. But once you do its lots of fun!! You also have some choices regarding weapons used and their customization, which is fun, but it doesnt change all that much for the gameplay, I guess it becomes really significant on the highest difficulty level when you need every advantage you can get your grubby little hands on, but I havent tried that yet.The story is pretty good too, with good voice-acting. The protagonist is pretty foul mouthed, which you dont hear that often in the big-title games, makes for a fun change. Downside is that the game seems a bit short, there are 3 hubs and the story keeps suggesting that there should be more, but you dont get to see it.All in all, its a fun game with a good amount of replay value. Although its a small studio production it also looks pretty nice. Im on my third playthrough and I think those 5$ were well spent!!"
,Recommended,243930,19533369,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,quixoticaxis,"To cut a long story short, this game is fine.It's not too great, but you can play through it and it doesn't feel like a loss of time. There are a lot of different quests and a few side characters with their own backstories/romances (most of them can and will die at some point, depending on your choices). Although skills are not super balanced, you have 3 skill-trees to play with and some perks to increase your overall efficiency. There is also a simple crafting system that doesn't bring any new ideas to the game, but it's not excessive.So, imho the game is worth its price."
,Recommended,243930,20135021,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,WEEB SENPAI,"I applaud Spider Studios for making absolutely stunning trailers/teasers for their games (besides Faery, but I digress). They really make Bound by Flame look like an A+ game. It's not.Spoiler Alert!Ever play a game where you're given lots of options as to how to win? Of course you have. How about a game where every enemy is overpowered and you're weaker than a newborn baby with a pencil? Probably. BBF offers these kinds of things, but don't be fooled: those options are invalid. Yes, you heard it here. Now, maybe it's my opinion, butyou can most likely get through the game by mashing the left mouse button to attack when necessary and the Q button when getting attacked. As long as you select and build theRanger skill tree.Explanation of the Main Part of the GameSpeaking of which, the game offers two types of ""classes"" to use. Warrior, of which wields one of three weapons: Two-handed sword, axe, or hammer. Ranger, of which uses dual-daggers and a crossbow.Sword offers highest attack speed, with no interrupt (a.k.a. knockback, which is actually important).Axe offers half of that attack speed and some interruption.Hammer offers almost no attack speed (so ridiculously slow that you might be able to work your nine to five job and get back in time to hit the opponent) and all the interruption in the world (if you can actually hit your opponent before their attack goes through, then you can stop all of it).As for Ranger? It's just dual-daggers that have all the attack speed and critical hits in the world, but literally no interruption.Oh, and they have a crossbow that is almost completely useless.Little mines/bombs are available, too, since your character is apparently a demolition expert, yet only has one type of bomb (I think I missed my chance with the other type).Lastly, your fire abilities, of which I only found like two or three to be useful.Now for why this is all useless.Slowly throughout the game, sword becomes useless, then axe becomes useless, then hammer becomes useless, then daggers become the God of all weapons. Without Ranger and bombs being built, you'll have trouble on the last boss, which plays completely differently from every other enemy you've encountered so far. So it's like a whole new game. Even mashing Q won't save you all the time, but it will most the time. Point is, you will not win the battle using Warrior. Then again, maybe if you spend an hour or two on him, you will?Do I recommend this game?There is so much more to say (since this game is pretty controversial), but that is the main thing I wanted to share. Even with all of the faults of the game, I had a lot of fun. For full price, it is not worth it. For half price, no. For less than ten bucks? Sure. Good time killer, fun hack and slash that isn't TOO difficult, hilariously bad dialogue and voice acting, and decent graphics."
76561198026488663,Recommended,243930,18280994,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Slan,"This game is really not as bad as the reviews make it out to be but don't expect anything spectacular. The combat system is not great but servicable. The other game mechanics are fine for what they are. The writing is mixed, sometimes hillarious and fresh, other times forced and cliched. The characters are archetypes for the most part but with a few interesting twists here and there.All things considered, it was a fun ride, I would recommend it."
,Recommended,243930,34261490,Posted: 15 August,all,TwistedFaith,"This is a charming game! It's not perfect, it's not game changing, it's not emotionally devestating, it's not an action packed thiller, it's not a lot that other games all seem to be. BUT! This game is a casual RPG that you can easilly get into and easily put back down. The combat is fair, the characters are diverse and interesting enough and the story is intriguing enough too. I don't know if all that was the intention of the developers but I found this game enjoyable to play through it twice so that's my experience. Don't expect something like Dragon Age or the Skyrim this game won't ever eat up an entire evening but, if you look past it's unpolishedness, you can enjoy this game for what it is. A charming little game...."
,Not Recommended,243930,10092577,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Belial,"Potentially outstanding RPG that fails in detailTake your average RPG. It starts with some redneck in a village or library, who suddenly finds himself in a middle of a quest to save the world. The guy has no experience, no motivation, no skills to survive, yet he presses on, driven by players desire for loot and motivated by an idea that he's the chosen one. A scenario that is impossible to swallow if you're at least 10 years old.Real life doesnt work quite like that. Bioware, that has set RPG staple has also set rules that doesnt leave a lot to work with. Mass effect, Dragon Age, Baldurs Gate, Neverwinter nights etc etc all start with basically the same tune, their only saving grace being masterfully written dialogue and intricate universe, that makes up for poor introduction.Bound By Flame actually challenges that scenario quite well, unlike Dark Souls for example, who chose to take their own path, BBF follows in Bioware footsteps, however with a much better concept.You are playing as a mercenary, someone, who’s life is battle and who doesn’t shy away from danger. Or adventure. You are not a loner - you are a part of a company with established hierarchy. Thus you don’t even have much choice on the matter. You get your orders and your orders go with the money.The region faces an invasion from a force that is believed to be invincible. Situation that sellblades usually thrive on. (which sadly is not quite capitalized on by developers)Invaders - the Ice Lords employ endless legions of undead to raze all in its wake. In a desperate attempt to turn the tide a group of mages summon a demon to this world. A demon, who takes control of your body.Now all that is not especially original, but that kind of stories just sell themself.  Its a rich soil if you just play by the bookMorally: Do you use this power for personal gain or greater good?Motive: Do you act quickly before the demon consumes you? Or do you try to tame the monster to do your bidding?Consequence: What is the price for power? To defeat a monster does one become a monster? And what comes after this?You know, you got a lot of storytelling problems solved by the ""demon"" twist.Unfortunately, story cannot handle even this basic clichés . The demon turns out to be some sort of a greenpeace fanatic. All this possession stuff doesn’t get you anywhere and there is barely consequence to it, nor satisfactory explanation. The story is shallow and unsatisfying, leaving more questions that answers.You character gruesome appearance, as the demon manifests and takes over his human body is barely noticed by npc's. Your gain in power is irrelevant to your choices thus there is no risk, no reward - no consequence to your actions. It ends up an aesthetic feature, which is a waste.Voice acting is often criticized but I found it bearable. In fact its not the voice that’s annoying, but sheer amount of chatter every other person is willing to do. No matter what, I just couldn’t relate to any of the characters, who just don’t get enough time, neither enough personality. Witch is a *itch, Knight is stupid, Healer is unhappy, Elf is righteous. Oh there’s also a lich that looks just like that guy from ""tales from the crypt"" and is sort of fun to have around.Don’t get me wrong : the game has it all. Loot, skill trees, crafting, chatter between characters, npc quests. Romance even. But somehow it just doesn’t feel right. The reason is quite the same. No matter what you say or do your companions will act the same, say the same. You will never experience that ""what if I picked another line"" feeling that forced you to reload Bioware games a couple of times just to hear it all.Concept is great, but storytelling is terrible.A lot of stuff seems to be raw and unfinished. For example background chatter is vaguely introduced in the beginning of game, but quickly disappears.The game is short. There are supposed to be 7 Ice Lords to defeat, but you only get to combat one.On the bright side I found some features satisfyingPC and Demon chatter - unfortunately demon is a little bit weird and talks way too much, but he's voiced nicely and at first it is thrilling to try to understand his motivation (well, until you do, afterwards it its a disappointment)Demonic appearance and Voice - transformation is handled nicely. Demonic voice and appearance look and sound intimidating. Unfortunately there is no one in game world to adore or tremble as NPC just fail to notice you're a horned burning creature.Early bosses re-introduced later in the game. Some might argue that a boss should have a unique feeling to it. While thats true I loved the experience how much more powerful I've become. That bosses that I used to struggle in early game were that much easier to beat later on, I could take even two at once and survive, while fighting off skeletal henchmen.That brings me to probably only things devs got ""almost"" right. Combat.Combat in this game is criticized as well, but I found it very rewarding once you've learned some tricks. There are two melee stances with a lot of defensive and offensive options: block, evade, guard crush, parry, counters, interrupts etc. The combat mechanic is hard to master and without mastering it you will get slaughtered painfully. Unlike most modern games if a monster knocks you down, the rest of the crowd doesn’t just stand there, but willingly rush to finish you before you can get up and defend. There is no invulnerability during attacks. If you're swarmed, you wont be able to strike, b/c your enemies will hit you before you reach them. Block to much – AI will guard crush you right away. Controlling combat space is difficult, fighting multiple enemies , even weak ones, is suicidal at harder settings. Overall combat feels very tough and feels very real. Every battle is dangerous and chaotic, there is no sequence that ""wins"" this monster, you are constantly threatened. It is difficult to break enemy line to get the archer without dying, but leaving him there is not an option as he will kill you quickly. It feels almost hopeless sometimes and is almost a matter of luck. The tools to beat your enemies are there, but they are so hard to master that battles feel ugly and stressful, like real combat should.However this design, (that not everyone would appreciate, of course) is plagued by two terrible oversights that ruin the fun and thats been long solved in most games : potion abuse and monster kiting. Potions are not exactly easy to obtain since they are expensive and there are never enough components. But still they are pretty spammable to a degree (they take some time to activate, so you have to get some distance between you and enemy before using one) Some kind of cooldown or ""potion slots"" would solve the problem, but... (by the way you can craft stuff during combat. ""Hey big skeleton guy, would you give me some time, I gotta brew stuff"" so dont bother to stock up before atacking some boss. Small oversight, but there are infinite numbers of them, that just add to the impression)Monster kiting is a little bit dumb. Every group is attached to an area, once they get outside that area they just stop trying to hit you, turn their backs and go home. Huh? So yeah. Exploitable.I wont list a huge list of small stuff  (like the one with combat crafting) - there is never ceasing feel of awkwardness that accompanies everything that's going on. still it is forgivable, what is not, that a great concept has been reduced to blank and shallow story.The main disappointment with Bound by Flame is not its flaws, but that through them you can clearly see what kind of great game its aiming to be and its just killing the mood."
,Recommended,243930,32747533,Posted: 24 June,all,Gestalt,"One of the most straightforward RPG's I have played. Still I love Focus Interactives' attempts to mimic Bioware. Once you get used to combat mechanics the whole gameplay starts to get a bit dull, but it doesn't inhibit you from continuining the game. Probably you will smash everything very easily until the very end boss.BUt the end is... pretty catchs you unprepared. Just a tip, I won the last fight by using 25 pots of healing, 400  crossbow bolts  and throughout the whole game I have never used neither of these:)."
76561198004192959,Recommended,243930,25776929,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,bronzin54,"Not perfect by any means but a very decent and very interesting RPG from Spiders Studio. Middle Market games are almost exstint these days and Focus Home Interactive are one of the few (if not the only ones) that are giving small devs with small budgets a chance to shine. A VERY rare sight to be seen in the Modern Gaming Industry.A mix of Dragon Age and Fable, your choices influence yourself, your party as well as the rest of the world. Bound by Flame perhaps has the deepest weapon and armory customization I've seen in a long time and it is most welcome. Every weapon and piece of armor is unique and can be tailored to your needs as well as style. Combat can be a little clunky at times but Bound by Flame relies more on tactics rather than straight hack n Slash. Defintely recommeded if on sale."
,Recommended,243930,19597425,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,/&y/,"The best trash game you will ever play. It's nothing special in almost every aspect, but it's all tied together so well and I have come out of it really enjoying myself due to the characters and overall atmopshere of the game.  The choices really matter, the challenge is definitely there, soundtrack is dumb but extremely endearing, best $6 sale game I have played.Wait for discounts on this one, and you'll be extremely satisfied. Spend $30 and you'll probably feel salty about the whole situation."
76561198075673900,Recommended,243930,19557978,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Robofrosty The Fun Police,"Is this the best game ever? No, but it is far from the worst. it is a fun RPG and i think people are to harsh on the game cause people have grown to have high standards for any game but especially RPGs. Now i bought this game on sale for $6 and if you can get it on sale i would recommend trying it out for yourself but i don't think it's worth $30. It is a fun game but there are some flaws to the game which make the game worse its combat is like a worse Witcher and the game is challenging and for that it makes the game much better the fights are pretty fun because a lot of the types of monsters have a unique fighting skill. So overall i would say it's a 6.5/10 or so i would say it's in the middle you can get worse RPGs but you can get much better aswell."
,Recommended,243930,19484435,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,stephen11,"I enjoyed it but the combat is really infurating - literally hold block until you see a windows, normal fights can take forever just because of this stupid waiting game.A cool story though with a demon taking over your body (if you let it).Pretty good but only just above average. Would recommend as a sale item!"
76561198107173215,Recommended,243930,29993829,Posted: 17 February,all,Gwynbleidd,"Hey!! im not much into reviews because a persons enjoyment of a game is a pretty subjective thing. That being said their are soo many harsh and unfair reviews that i am making one to help balance things out.Note:Played origionally on ps4The Bad: This game is by no means amazing. This game is not as polished or gritty or as well executed as dark souls. The story is meh and the voice acting is kinda lower end. The enviroments are also pretty linear. Companions are next to useless, especially on hire difficulty levels. a little too much fighting in corridors can make for some really annoying encounters. enemies retreating can fully regain all of their health. I would have loved to have a better dodge in this game but it does work. NO NEW GAME PLUS :(The good: This game is allot of fun!! ihave to say as a person who has completed demon souls, dark souls 1,2, half of 3 and bloodborne its nice to have a very similar game that isnt as hard and has a more casual relaxing feel to it. If you could enjoy lords of the fallen where every enemy and there dog has a shield, surely you will enjoy Boud by flame. It has a great appeal in the fact that it can be played by people of all skill levels (difficulty selection). I really enjoyed what they did with the ability to buff your weaspons and gear with passive and active stats. The ability to switch between fast and heavy weapons on the fly was really nicely done as well as the ability to pause combat by opening your arsenal wheel and selecting a plan of attack. The option to grind for xp and loot is an option (levels are linear soo you have to go out of your way to do this). DS vets will have a big advantage and less of a learning curve with this game as their reflexes and ability to asess situations will be a bit sharper than most peoples, so it is framiliar territory wich is satisfying. Music rocks!! Mouse and keyboard is FULLY functional wich is something that should be a given for a game playable on a computer (shakes head at dark souls). Weapons and gear all look nice and bad♥♥♥♥♥ Boss battles allthough frustrating are fun and satisfying when you finally win. You wont die nearlly as much as u would in a souls game.If you decide to buy this (i would gladly play 30$ for it) just remember their is a tool for every job. Just because you want to use a broad swordd on an enemy doesnt mean you should even though it will be doable. i think this is where people get frustrated with the game. Make good use of your traps and majic (this is essential). This game is not perfect but it is allot of fun. Dont let the haters discourage you! They just wanted a DS carbon copy :p"
76561197982514494,Recommended,243930,31333166,Posted: 23 April,all,M.u.d.d.+,"This game is pretty great, I love how much variety there is with the enemies. The figting gets a little repetitive but you cant really get past that in a game like this. The graphics are nice and keep things intresting. I would say that as a person that is not that into this type of game, it is very good. 10 out of 10."
76561197990562257,Recommended,243930,25481245,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,BW,"When you invest the time to master the challenging combat and explore the world, Bound by Flame is a solid romp with rewarding tactical action supported by rewarding boss battles and plenty of ways to see your choices reflected in the world around you. There are minor graphical glitches but overall the storyline is enjoyable and entertaining. I would consider this game very similar to Dragon Age. It's very linear but overall a quality RPG, especailly if you enjoy good story telling. The game offers about 20 hours of gameplay if you decided to unlock all the possible endings and romance sequences. I recommend this game especailly if you enjoyed Dragon Age."
,Recommended,243930,10586804,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Fullor,"While Bound by Flame is not a AAA title, it does have a unique charm about it. I enjoyed playing the game and progressing through the story. The story wasn't fantastic but was enjoyable. The main character is forgettable, but it makes him feel more like the mercenary he is and not some fabled hero he isn't. The talent trees offered for different play style augmentations and allows you to build a custom character all your own. A lot of the talents weren't great, but there were some that were amazing.I enjoyed having to think some battles through and being required to change my play style for some encounters. One style does not fit all encounters."
,Recommended,243930,10059405,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,GrizwulfeHD,"This game might not be what ive expected, it has interesting features. I rushed main quest with a few importnt sidequests and at the end of my 11h hours of play, I have determined that this game cost unfortunately too much for what it is worth.Graphics are okay (let's not talk about lip sync) but a bit to much year 2000 according to the new RPGs who got out recently. The game is very generic, not much of an open world but the story still makes it enjoyable (Although we end up beating only 1 of the 7 Ice Lords)In my opinion, the ""Choice of good or evil"" is kinda false because first you cannot beat the game without those OverPowered fireballs critics on the bosses at melee range, and also with the few skill points we get to fill the trees, the ""ranger"" part is a bit left on the side since the stealth feature is  not so useful at all, nor the crossbow or even traps.i have beat this game with raw power and the demon's magic.Maybe 20 diff main weapons. Blunts and axes are not good enough compared to the swords wich makes em useless. I have seen 6 sort of crossbows and 7 sorts of daggers. Maybe 5 or 6 Sets of armor, wich doesn't have much difference between them. Returning to the main weaapon section, not enough emphasis on those ""unique weapons"" (Mjollnir, dragon's eye or something) and these ""unique"" ones weren't good enough to match my common sword found in a merchant.Teh craft feature is interesting but not enough exploited since i was able to sell some tainted items found randmly for 10k and i bought 200 of each potion, wich made the crafting completely useless at the half of the game since the crossbow and traps gives less DPS and less Interrupting than my Warrior Stance skills.Musics and Audios were pretty dam cool, the music in the BlackFrost mansion is quite cool with the chorus tone vocals.And at last, every bosses should have been as hard/long as the  last one. Gives more challenge. The bosses/mini bosses were completely and purely parry, critic, fireball. no features, no doppelganging, no mirror images, no doubles. And the 4 Concubines were a joke to handle.I feel like this game is n indie game that I would have bought for 20 bucks on featured steam sales, but i still enjoyed the game. good elements. good fights. tactical moving.And GOD. Please add some rolls in fight. In every bloody cinematics our protagonist rolls all over to avoid hitss and yet in fight i wasnt able to make a roll dodge or anything. not even when blocking/parrying. makes us hard to fight against those cold woman with 2 swords and 4 arms !This game wouldn't suffer of a faster paced action fighting though, i felt kinda slow at the very start !"
76561198044568093,Not Recommended,243930,10080693,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,By Torbs Beard Garden Jesus,until im able to play for more then 10min without it crashing i really wishi did not buy it
,Not Recommended,243930,20357989,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,That Bearded Guy,"I want to like this game. I really do. I keep it installed, coming back to it when I have a couple hours to kill trying to beat that last part I got stuck on. And that's the problem: playing this game is an exercise in willpower. I'm not playing it because I'm having fun. I'm doing it because I just want to get through it.Bound By Flame isn't a terrible game. It's okay. Average. Good enough. If Dark Souls is throwing yourself at a wall and loving the masochistic rush of repeated failure because the final pay-off is just that awesome, this game is kind of like that. Except the pay-off is another ten minutes of 2003 stick-figure animation cutscenes with passable dialogue for a story that really feels like it should be better. Not to mention the slow-moving combat. You'll die numerous times just trying to figure out the timing for a parry, so you'll just start blocking and hitting when the enemies open up. Except there will be four of them and they all attack at a different times leaving you locked forever in the block. And don't expect your allies to help you. They have the durability of a wet tissue and similar attack power.I love the ideas and characters this story puts forth. Ice Lords slowly destroying the world with the Undead? Awesome! Mercenary that can seamlessly switch between two classes and shoot fireballs? Sweet! Demon-possession that slowly turns you more and more into the corporeal embodiment of a fire spirit? Sign me up! Unfortunately though, everything falls flat and leaves a hollow feeling once you actually see it.So in the end, the game is a passable RPG. That's it. If it's on sale and you got a bit of money to spend, give it a shot. Otherwise, pass on to another one."
,Recommended,243930,11173088,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,hustlerbojenkins,"Well, despite the game being a lot of fun, the ending of Bound by Flame was kind of a let down. Just a couple sentences after the boss and a forced choice. No gameplay after the story(wasn't expecting it); no NG+(the game is short enough that it's not a huge issue). It could have been a much longer experience with a much larger game world; the backstory was there. Still, way better and more fun that I was expecting it to be.Having played through the game more than once now, I'm going to review further. The original review is above, the extra is below.The game has a few weird flaws that make the game harder than it probably should be, or maybe it has a broken stance that makes the game much easier due to shortsightedness. The warrior stance relies almost entirely on parrying to avoid damage, which is a block executed in a pretty tight timeframe that leads to a counter.There are several moves that are not blockable in the game, that can easily be dodged, even without the specific timing, by the other stance. Now, I don't know if they forgot to make block better in the warrior stance, or they overlooked how good dodging is by comparison, but the game is much, much easier when you play through wielding daggers in the stealth stance than it is playing through with heavy weapons in the warrior stance. That was painfully clear when I did a heavy weapon only run on Captain difficulty.Another thing is that the story doesn't really make it feel like my choices mattered outside of a different line of dialogue here and there. Almost all of the game was the same no matter what I chose to do. The one that sticks out the most is at the end of act II when you have to choose whether to ambush a specific deadwalker or go save the troops who are about to be ambushed themselves. No matter which choice you make here, you fight the deadwalker. the choice only changes which companion you fight it with, and alters an encounter later in the game. I was expecting, with so many choices, for there to be more divergence in the story depending on them.Having seen all of the endings, only one of them felt even remotely satisfying. the other endings leave much to be desired and bring about no closure at all.In spite of these flaws, I obviously spent a great deal of time with the game, and I felt driven to get all of the achievements(working on the last two now). I bought this game on a whim and I am satisfied with the purchase. I do still wish the story was a little more fleshed out, though. A sequel set in a more open would would be welcome."
,Recommended,243930,12120879,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,sandpitturtle3333,"Okay, there are quite a few posts in discussions about the combat system saying it's too hard and companions are useless.I urge you to please not be put off by these.Some are correct some things they say such as the companion having trouble following you or the action and may remain stuck or wandering.If your companion has suddenly vanished while exploring, back track until you find him/her then just walk around at different angles while moving away from them until they resume to follow, failing that, find a door or a gap to go through and somehow they get teleported to beyond that crossing point (you may need to wander off then return to the door/gap to see your companion). This mainly happened in the swamp and around the final area called Black Frosts Domain.Tip for better companion fighting: They are a bit weak in the health department so you being the hero need to aggro and eliminate the stronger more deadlier enemies first, while your doing this your companion may thank you with a nice ice blast or if your lucky some mind control. If they do die and you find yourself a bit deep, run away and let them get back on their feet - you may be quick enough to revive your companion before the enemy you are fighting gets their health back.Now in terms of general combat, yes it is hard but you need to practice and I mean practice. Some fights you will not win unless you can use the Q key to dodge while in Assassin stance or use SPACE while in Warrior stance to parry. Timing is essential with these and with good practice you may not even be hit. Once you understand and have achieved this sense of timing then things become very rewarding when you beat a tough fight. Focus carefully on the skill tree as well, don't scramble your points. Try and focus on your preferred fighting style while utilising the best pyro branches for that style of choice. Do not forget about your other stance how ever, do feel free to try and balance the weaker stance out by going for what is needed, remember your main stance is your offensive stance.Hope this helped in some way in regards to the combat up roar, the game really is a nice one to play and has great choices for you to develop the plot/story. Graphics are not up there in the top of the list but some areas still look stunning and there are some errors with the subtitles like wrong words but after some time you don't pay attention to them. I rate this 8/10."
76561198087888545,Recommended,243930,25667112,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Claymore,"So I just finished by first playthrough (female demon who rules both worlds) and I wanted to leave a review. First of all, I did not buy this game immediately due to the generally negative reviews, which is a shame because I really enjoyed the game once I started playing. I eventually bought it in the Spider RPG bundle sale on Steam, which also included Mars: Wars Logs. There are quite some similarities between the 2 games, most noticeably the crafting system and the art style. The gameplay is harsh, even on easy mode (recruit) I died a lot, but it is not as bad as with Dark Souls. I saved regularly and I could win most battles with my current skills, I just had to change my tactics a bit. Most people found the difficulity to be too hard, but I actually liked the challenge. The game was not unfair, it is quite basic that when you rush blindly at your enemies, there's a high chance you end up dying. And when a character promts you to fight him, you should save before attacking to keep your progress.The characters were enjoyable enough although they did not stand out too much from many of the other RPG's  I've played. Each of them followed an archetype and they did so succesfully, but it left little room for character development. My favorite is Edwen. She has ulterior motives for joinging you but at least she's not pretending to be someone that she's not (I'm looking at you Rhelmar, stop being a pain and please stop whining for once).My favorite part was the ability to transform into a demon. It was a very subtle change, rather than 'press A to turn into a demon', the change happened in diffrent stages  and other characters would comment on your charming physique.Not everything was without flaws though. There were some inconsistencies with the subtitles and voice-overs that were quite annoying. Calling me or my demon a 'he' while I played as a female, referring to me as 'Vulcan' while a picked a custom name. At one point the party reacted as if I killed somone, who was in fact very much alive.Also the enemies in the last arc were a pain to get through. Eventhough I was able to beat them, it took forever to get to the final battle. The respawning prtals didn't really help either.So my final verdict would be 7.5/10. I think the game is judged rather harshly and while it has a few flaws it is not a bad game. Besides you can play as a demon, isn't that awesome?"
,Recommended,243930,33526955,Posted: 13 July,all,PandaEskimo,"The game is fairly fun. The Spider RPGs feel similar to a Knight of the Old Republic / Jade Empire era Bioware game without a lot of the polish and with a much heavier focus on real time combat.The combat is interesting and focuses a lot on timing and positioning (playing as dagger / fire character). There are enough options in combat and enemy variety to keep things interesting for the length of the game. You'll juggle dodging, attacking, positioning, healing, casting armor spells, and telling your companion to heal, defend, or attack.However, be prepared to die a lot and save every few minutes. Playing on normal, a lot of fights went fine, but any given fight could have ended in death. The ending is notiously difficult and after a few tries I changed the difficulty to easy and finished the game.The story, setting, and characters are fairly engaging. They never do anything particularly exciting, but they do enough to keep things going. You have your collection of companions who are fairly clever and entertaining. You'll be able to tell by any video that the voice acting and writing is all over the place. This adds a lot to the charm of the game because the deliveries and script are so awkward.In summary, the game does enough interesting and lasts a good length to be enjoyable. It doesn't feel like there are as many of these games being made, so it's nice to find someone trying new things with the genre that isn't the sprawing monotony that Dragon Age Inquisition and Mass Effect have become.If you liked The Technomancer, you'll find something to like here and vice versa."
,Recommended,243930,35441634,Posted: 3 October,all,Lilith_Holmes,"Short, but intense. It may looks like there's something missing, that's true, but they created an interesting story with a good graphic, after all. If they will ever make a BBF2, I hope they'll learn from their previous mistakes, cause they can make a really enjoiable game if they want."
76561198118001566,Recommended,243930,34833072,Posted: 9 September,all,Laskofil,"Pretty good game, takes about 8 hours to beat I would say, also depending on difficulty.You have a few choices to make that will define how the game progresses and how your character develops.There are 5 companions to choose from but they don't really make huge difference, tried to go with 3 mages.There are Warrior/Ranger and Pyromancer talent trees + Fate skills unlockable somewhat similar to achievements.There's a replay value as you can finish the game as human or demon.I'd give it a fair 7/10, get it on sale, you shouldn't be dissapointed."
,Recommended,243930,35071247,Posted: 19 September,all,AeroSlimshady,"Pretty cool game. The atmosphere is tense and full of despair, which is where you come in to save the day. Unfortunately, the gameplay starts getting kind of dull by the last third and most of the quests feel uninspired. Fortunately, the final boss fight doesn't disappoint and there's a few genuinely interesting moments here and there. It's worth getting on sale if the premise interests you."
76561198036986677,Recommended,243930,34923076,Posted: 13 September,all,Revenant,"Good story,good graphic/visuals,good customization system,good battle system(on max difficulty its like dark souls,mb >),good characters/dialogs...GOOD GAME"
,Recommended,243930,34998373,Posted: 16 September,all,LoneWolf,"TL:DR: Despite the negative reviews its a really enjoyable game!!I must say tho this isn't a AAA game but it has a few features which rival any decent AAA game. I agree it has a few flaws but the game more than makes up for itCONS:- A few bugs which are ignored until this day (will come back to it later)- Voice acting was way off- Generic boss fightsPROS:- Partial choice system (accepting or rejecting the demon) which changes the story a bit- Though the voice acting was bad the dialouges were awesome... especially marthas and the demon.- Good graphics considering when it was released- Different fighting styles (Rouge and Warrior)- Good amount of replayability ( Human and Demon choices and differnt Romances)- Rare chance to see a bearded elf!!!!!- The OST of the game during the start, end and during a few critical cutscenes were one of the best i've heard for a while*BUGS**SPOILERS*- When Act 3 starts and you are hiding in a pass from the deadwalkers, The elven commander gives you a quest Blockade. The after you do a few main quests and speak to him again, he gives you the same quest... DO NOT ACCEPT IT... as it will partially reset the quest and you will not be able to complete it and will fail after Act 3.- In Blackfrost's Domain, Sybil requests you that she wants to be in your team when defeating a certain concubine called 'The Creator'. Even if you take her along with you and kill the concubine, if you go talk to her at the camp she will act as if you didn't take her along with you and be mad at you... though it doesn't cause any changes, it always breaks my heart to see Sybil like that... the only solution i could come up with is that after killing the conqubine, DO NOT TALK with Sybil and your good to goAll in all it is a must play game for every RPG enthusiast."
,Not Recommended,243930,10117287,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,DubblaJärnrör,"Damn! What a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game, bad voice acting/lipsyncing the combat is realy strange and i dont like it at all, the graphics is really bad too tbh. Looked way better on the trailer and gameplays. Me and my brother bought it together. i played it for like 40 min. my bro turned it of after 10 min.I do not recommend this game!!"
76561198011476066,Not Recommended,243930,10107424,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Milksmash,Cool game. but SUPER short. kinda lame how short. feeling gipped
,Not Recommended,243930,33441597,Posted: 10 July,all,Vechernyaya,"The setting and story are less interesting than in Mars War Logs, their previous game.The combats are still dull.There is still some interesting characters.I appreciate to be able to play a female character4/10"
,Not Recommended,243930,10106596,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Uberskullface,Weak voice acting and little to no customization (and the female looks exactly like the male without facial hair and a smaller body.(not head))
76561198005650677,Not Recommended,243930,11320197,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Hans Dampf,"This game is unfinished and lacks a lot of polishing. You can see all the basics but the lack is in the details. Also the end-boss is rediculously difficult compared to the rest of the game. The fights in general are quite lengthy because you don't really do much damage, even if scrape all the XP you can get and level-up. You pretty much fight the same types of enemies through the whole of the game apart from a few mini-bosses. The developers did Mars War Logs before this game and I quite liked that one. Not sure want went wrong here. Either they didn't have the ressources to do it properly or just didn't care.So all in all, a lot of potential but quite poorly implemented."
,Not Recommended,243930,10093062,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Captain Edd,"I didn't expect much from Bound By Flame, but, what I did expect, was not reached. The screenshots and other media for this game has been heavily photoshoped, like many other games out there, to lure people in with graphics that are not in the end product. Yes, I play this game on maxed settings and yes, I even went as far as to go into my control panel and enable every graphic enhancing application my graphics card(4GB GTX 770) could provide and still I got the graphical quality of a game made in 2009. Beyond that the minimal character creation options, terrible lipsyncing, mediocre voice acting and a rather boring combat style really shoved this game into the dirt for me. Personally speaking I feel like an idiot paying $40 for this game and would get my money but if I could, but, sadly I can't, so I will continue on in BBF and hopefully manage to suck it up long enough to get to the end. Who knows, maybe the story will redem the games more lack-luster properties."
,Not Recommended,243930,10090108,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,子取り箱,The developer has not met expectations :-(
,Recommended,243930,15498082,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,MrAsterB,"Criminally underappreciated and underrated. Meta and review scores are insulting - the game is way better than lots of modern AAA titles.Great: music, gameplay, story. Crafting system deserves a medal. Each weapon and armor has its own list of upgrades that actually look different. Your choices make difference and there are several endings. Combat is smooth and challenging, mostly skill based - you can't really grind and try again, you have to use different strategy or lower the difficulty which you can do at any time.Game is also not open-world. Its very linear and small, which is its best part - where other games make you run around and just lose time - this game just gives you concentrated fun. Good for gamers who value their time. 10-15 hours to complete.The game has its flaws but if you aren't picky you wouldn't even notice them: Voice acting gets better later on, deaths and strong enemies are to be expected and if you don't compare it to other games it wouldn't annoy you with similarities. Oh and play it with gamepad, its much smoother that way.Overall - highly recommended. On sale - must buy if you like challenging combat and enjoy learning from your deaths."
76561198015109928,Not Recommended,243930,10826523,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,raquave,I normaly enjoy this type of game but the combat is so tedious it is not playable for more than an hour.  Major let down for the price point.
76561198060177272,Recommended,243930,14229342,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Wolfik71,"I dont know what is for people bad on this game. I love it, its not the best game of all times, but its good. Iam a RPG lover and this is for me intresting. First fighting styl, you can choose forms and styles of fight, you can fight from distant or you can kill enemy with you dagers, sword, traps, magic and other thinks. Story is not bad because there are choices, you can choose the ending and thats for me a very big +.  When you love fighting, elfs,  magic, and stupid demons in your body try it."
76561198018395026,Not Recommended,243930,10065792,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,CHPrime,"Bound By Flame is... a mess. It's story, outside the initial premise is weak, the worldbuilding is weak, and the dialouge even weaker. Furthermore, the game is amazingly short, with only about 10 to 15 hours of play in it, and all of it is completly linear. And this is in an age when most in RPG's are at least 2 to 3 times that length.It's combat is unpolished and easily exploited against you, as many enemies, even the most basic, can kill you quite easily. This might have been a intentional choice, in order to make it apeal to the Dark Souls crowd, but the combat is difficult because all of two enemies (and occasionally a single boss character) can stun lock you until you die, or get bored and settle for 75% of your health bar. This might have worked if their was a decent block or dodge feature, but there really isn't, as the dodge function you are given only allows for jumps backwards, and you lose space to back up very quickly.All in all, while the games obvious budget constraints do give it some leeway, this is not a title I would recomend. The game, outside it's initial premise and it's visually interesting darkside curruption meter, is a bore. if you feel that you must try it, rent it for Xbox or PS4."
76561198264258065,Recommended,243930,19592827,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Kyotsu,it's kind of difficult at times but the game is rather fun with a deet story but i got it on sale for 80% off the other day so personally i wouldnt have wanted to spend 30$ dollars on this game due to the lack of gameplay but overall it was definitely worth playing.
76561198001234825,Recommended,243930,20620554,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Jyrka,"This game has many flaws but still is entertaining as hell. I think most flaws has allready been spoken in the reviewsIf they ever have a idea making a another one and i know it will be hard to continue after the endigs we got.They should change a few things.1.We should have open world not three lane corridor areas.2.Was i the olny one who did not see much improvement on vulcan strength i think i had Possesion 20% lvl 25 Full Warrior/With helping Pyro build Never felt i could go and just kill someone / I just got bored with combat, it took so much time to kill a mob did not matter if i were lvl 1 or 25 with same types of mob.3 If i take a companion with me,  I would like them to be more than a distraction to foes for a little time.4. Too short for a RPG and end was like a lot of boss fights which took a lot of time on Buffalo difficult lvl.What i really liked about this game it made me think about my choices and it was hard to make them. I dont remeber myself ever thinking so long about making a choice in a game.It surely has a vibe of Dark souls in its difficulty, true its easier because of saving.I wish good luck to developers they have the story telling aspect to a game but still needs improvment on other things.Raiting ""I allways knew it was going to be you Vulcan"" By Captain"
,Recommended,243930,20156958,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,jayxan,Enjoyable rpg with very little content. Its worth a purchase on a steam sale but not at full price.
,Recommended,243930,20096125,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Sad Sunn,"You know, I always was between not purchasing or purchasing this game for the last year or so. While hearing people I trusted saying that the game was a fun ride, I still couldn't help, but be swayed away by the people slamming this game to the floor as if the game was a buggy, unfinished, abomination. So finally, I took the risk and got something in return.No build up to anything really, I just got something.Bound By Flame is a good game, a good game with at times a bad camera, unforgiving difficulty, voice acting that ranges from okay to absolutely atrocious, a somewhat cliched story, but still a good game. Yeah, that does sound like a laundry list that would make any game mediocre, but honestly, in some weird hipster way, it adds to the charm of the game and the gameplay is pretty neat too.Combat is not easy, the game really does require you to time your attacks and dodge accordingly. Set traps for enemies, healing yourself, using your NPC partners as punching bags where you can hide from your enemies; All play a crucial part whether you die in three hits or not. Fair warning, don't use the sword, you'll die quicker than you are supposed to. Focus all of your energy on both daggers and pyromancy, It'll do you some good.That's really about it, the combat is super solid, but also not the most amazing thing in the world. It makes you think a little bit though instead of completely going mental. Oh, last I forget, like some of the people mentioned in the reviews. The last boss is not easy. It really isn't. Its not completely insane, but it does test everything in your capacity.Pick it up, 40 bucks a little steep though, for 20 and less it's a steal."
,Recommended,243930,19731270,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Velociraptaco,If you like a difficult game this is it. Fun but I would recomend some type of controller. Playing with keyboard and mouse is a pain in the butt but on a controller it is perfect.Great game!
76561198066282269,Recommended,243930,19557320,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Tibs Ironblood,"I got it for $7 or so when it was on sale and I am glad I jumped on it. While this game is not amazing it is a solid RPG, but I would not venture forth to say it is worth the current price of $30.If you like RPGs in general you wil lfind something to like here for sure. It was messy in parts and I felt that it was a bit rough, but it still delivered an overall enjoyable experience from start to finish,The story was solid and it does merit a second playthrough which I may start up soon as the main story (doing all side quests) only took around 10 hours.Overall I would not recommend it for the full price, but if its on sale for around $15 I would say get it. Its a solid experience from start to finish."
76561198022940536,Recommended,243930,19560134,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Luckiernut,"This is one of the best rpg's i have played in a while! Great story, with good/evil choices, fantastic action gameplay (ranger and on an xbox controller). You can tell this game especially the story is heavily inspired by Dragon age and witcher but this isnt a bad thing because they were great games as well. The only negative is that it feels kind of last gen but again this isnt a deal breaker if you want a great dark fantasy game. Dont listen to negative reviews."
76561198011231411,Recommended,243930,19543633,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Scoundrelus,"This is a good game if you go in with properly adjusted expectations.  In the age of Fallout, Witcher, Skyrim, etc., RPGs we often go into games labelled as RPGs expecting them to have more in common with their big brothers.  This is a very much linear RPG with choices that do make somewhat of a difference.  There are side quests and a basic crafting system for improving the swords you have.  I do have to warn you though that it is best played on easy (in my opinion).  Combat can be a bit clunky and enemies don't go down quickly.  I wouldn't call this a hack and slash RPG, more like a hack, slash, block, and counter RPG.  Player skill is important here and the simplest enemy can overtake you if you expect to go in swinging.In conclusion, at -80% off, I would indeed reccomend this game.  Gameplay is fun-ish, the story is engaging, and there are some interesting characters."
,Recommended,243930,19545533,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,✞✠[SGD]OutcastOP✠✞,Acctually really nice game good stroy great graphics for 2014 would recommend  to any rpg player 10/10 wouldbuy on sale again.
76561198073352140,Recommended,243930,19546692,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,YouTube: Original_Guy,"I don't know why this has gotten such bad reviews tbh. I tried the game out and I really enjoyed it - doesn't give you as much freedom like Elder Scrolls but that's not necessarily a bad thing.Try it out for yourself, you won't regret it :p"
,Recommended,243930,19557159,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,}BRO{DOC7OR,"This game is absolutely great. It's a well written storyline that is on par with the Dark Souls series. Casual players can play on lighter difficulties while veterans can play on ""Captain"" difficulty for an insane challenge. This game is definately a great investment."
,Recommended,243930,19546389,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,GanjahRebel,"Clunky gameplay, in some aspects, and clunky animations may deceive you. But this is a great game, if hardcore ARPGs are your thing. Good narrative, a really cool story, likeable characters, and compromising decisions make this game a fun experience, if you have the patience to master the controls (preferable to play it with a gamepad), and the rhythm of the combat.It feels somewhat like The Witcher (mostly The Witcher 2), Dark Souls, and Zelda's games had a baby, if you can imagine how'd that came out."
,Recommended,243930,24173443,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Bakunawa,I would love this game if this wasn't rushed.Story is short. Maybe because they realized that they can't develop the game furthur because of the budget.I like games with stories more than games with multiplayer btw.So it saddens me that this game that has potential was not that excellent.PROS:* Decision Making for Story Progression and Seducing other characters male or female...- (I don't want to see my character seducing the male characters so I don't want to play a second playthrough even for the sake achivements. I just can't )* Original Story I guess* Difficulty was challengingCONS:ShortLame Voice ActingA downgraded copy of The WitcherI would like to rate this 7/10 so yeah I would recommend it.
,Recommended,243930,24197222,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Furiora Helseare,"This game is certainly not as bad as people make it out to be. If you try to button-mash at this game you will die! You need to use stratagey and timing, both learning how your 3 skill-sets intertwine and your enemies moves and attack pattens.That said. the game is far from perfect and is in need of some SERIOUS late game balancing issues. There are 2 health upgrades in the entire game and once you've got them, that's it. I had them both before the first major boss in the game and was later running into that guy again as a regular enemy with friends. Your gear and health doesn't scale well enough for that kind of punishment. It doesn't help that most of the late game enemies have attacks that take off over half your health and are unblockable, and dONT EVEN GET ME STARTED ON THAT DAMN FROST CONDITION.There are 4 types of status effects in this game, 1 is pathetic; a ""dark"" effect that drains your mana for a few seconds, 2 are pretty much the same thing; two different types of poison and are well balanced. But then there's Frost, a condition that has lead to me being combo'd to death at least 15 times by now. Frost slows down every single one of your animations by a large amount while you're effected by it. This means your stagger animation (that is already a tad too long for weak hits IMO) is nearly TWICE AS LONG as before. Get hit, you're likely dead. Doesn't help that most of those unblockables I mentioned earlier cause Frost.I feel this game could have been so much better if it had just been beta tested more. The graphics aren't the best, but it's not about them at all (honestly, I couldn't care less about the graphics a game has, it's gameplay and story for me) and the voice acting is a bit subpar, but on the whole, it's not a bad game. Just be perpared to want to throw your controller out of the window towards the final areas of the game."
,Recommended,243930,10089511,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Mad Mace 92,"Honestly, Bound By Flame has been an amazing game. Story is on point, always leaving you wanting more, visual quality is beautiful, they did a dark fantasy world well. One part that caught my eye quick was upgrading equipment. If you equip a breastplate it starts off as a breastplate only, but you can upgrade it to have shoulder guards, pouches and tassets. Not only do the upgrades increase the stats of the equipment, it actually changes the look of it. That I loved, not too many games include that small detail in when it comes to upgrading equipment. Something else that caught my eye, whenever you choose to release a little more of the demon within, it changes the features of the character slowly. Just helps show how releasing the demon within slowly consumes the humanity of the player.I can see how they got some ideas from The Witcher, which is just fine, another great game. Combat is smooth and fluid, easy to change from one stance to another quickly or stop part way through an attack to block instead or even jump back and cast spells. Not only is it enjoyable, it is a challenge also, normally most RPG style games just seem too easy. I would highly recommend this game to any RPG fan, I give it an easy 5 out of 5.My one and only complaint, I wish it was a little bit easier/quicker to aquire gold to spend at shops. Other than that I have no complaints."
76561197970344902,Recommended,243930,10779564,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Blastaz,"Cyanide/Spiders keep on learning from their ambitious old skool RPGs.Each game has ambitious world building and interesting themes and they are slowly refining an enjoyable combat engine.This iteration brings a reasonable degree of polish as well without some of the obvious pitfalls of Mars or GoT.If you like Gothic or Witcher 1 then give this game a try, and play their Game of Thrones RPG while you are at it!"
76561198076537971,Recommended,243930,10089183,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,I Live on Gallifrey,Bound By Flame has so far been an enjoyable experience. The combat system is fun and the skill trees have some nice perks. I have not gotten far into the game but the story is interesting with plenty of Side quests at the first town (which is where I am at currently). It's not completely open world but has multiple areas that you can explore throughout the game. The crafting in the game is also well done allowing you to recycle weapons and armor from your inventory for a chance to salvage raw materials from the equipment to craft other items. This is my first game review and some people may be more critical about the game than I but in my opinion this is a great game that everyone that likes RPG style games should try.
76561197968966204,Recommended,243930,10064251,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Declarent,"Really enjoying this one.  The combat is tough and engaging, the visuals are nice, monsters are inventive and cool-looking, and the storyline is standard, but bolstered by both the choice mechanic and some great dialogue.One thing I'd like to give big props to Spider for is having the player choose between two plausible sides, no saintly-good vs maniacal-evil fake choices here.  Both sides make compelling arguements and there's no clear 'best' path.  Well done."
76561198076757867,Recommended,243930,19937184,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Damyel,"The game is good but has it's faults for sure, but I feel like Spiders made this game not because some corporate mandate but because they wanted to and it really does show, I wish more games had this level of heart and soul poured into them. Bound by flame charmed the hell out of me if you can grab it on sale and can put up with some less than polished features its well worth it.P.S. the sound track is on amazon digitally for like 3$ you'll thank me later ;)"
,Recommended,243930,12112601,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Elven Sailor,"Very nice and ""cinematic"" RPG . Feels like Dragon Age 1, but better , maybe because first-person controls.Lots of dark humor and amazing music. Shiny graphics. Tough enemies.  Badass hero :)(I strongly recommend to play as female character, she rocks! :) )The game have received only medium rating on some sites - don't believe that, it's awesome!But you'll have to customize controls - defaults are uncomfortable, especially in boss fights."
,Recommended,243930,10117370,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,ReD,Nowhere near as bad as people think it is!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tumRzxtLpUo
,Recommended,243930,22075900,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Apoc,"At first, the game actually got too annoying and I stopped playing it. But I recently came back and finished it, actually playing it from start to end two others time to get all achievements. A playthough is about 10-15 hours while getting 100% took me a total of 30 hours.The game is not that hard but even the easiest difficulty can be punishing. Once you get the hang of it, it's pretty much the same formula, can also get a bit repetitive but I personally liked it enough to play it three time. I was playing with a gamepad if it make a difference, not sure about the keyboard and mouse controls.The game is kind of short, it feels like the end could have been the midpoint instead, only three chapters and the last is shorter. It's enough to end the story but the ending don't tell much and the whole game bring some interesting lore that is never used.The music is great, most of the voice actors are pretty good and the characters are pretty diverse. The graphics are good, even though there is not that many different enemy types and areas.Don't expect the same quality as a big AAA arpg like Dark Souls or Dragon Age Inquisition but it's worth a try if you enjoy the genre and want something new."
76561198022266103,Not Recommended,243930,10340788,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,CJraptor,"The main character is an♥♥♥♥♥ the combat is repetative as are the monsters you come across, and the environments are hideously colored (mostly shades of brown like the fecal matter this game is composed of). I would not recommend as Vulcan never increases in strength nor does he in likability. Also, curses are thrown in for flavor which instead only serves to make the poor writing even more painfully obvious. Another flaw with the dialogue is the character's venacular as it is not appropriate to the time that they are in. Waste of time and money."
,Recommended,243930,25685875,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,♥PastelGod♥,"I havent gotten far into this games main story yet, but I have already fallen in love. It has great graphics and so far the world itself is beautiful in design as well as many of the character designs. The gameplay itself is responsive and not clunky. However, with that I also personally dont find the work on the two handed weaponry but that could just be my personal preference. Sadly, the game does fall short on its general writing (which is mostly forgivable in what ive seen thus far) and its voiceacting. Many of the voice actors have poor delivery and are stoic as♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198334759464,Recommended,243930,34912731,Posted: 12 September,all,prezba29,"It's was ok, not the best but ok. Full controller support.  Decent cinematics and storyline."
,Recommended,243930,35223460,Posted: 26 September,all,balancing_lifesact,"While this game does have many glitches and problmatic tropes, I found myself drawn in and not putting the game down. I wouldn't pick it up for more than $10, but it is fun. If you have about 20 hours and this is on sale, I'd get it.It is a bit like Dark Souls meets Dragon Age Origins. Combat is easy to catch on to and the story ambles along at a decent pace. There were a few moments I was bored with all of the side quests, but they are fairly quick.The romance scenes are a bit secret and hard to get, but they are sweet. This is totally not Origins, though.While the setting is pretty (for its age) and bordering on horror, I found the language ruined the imersion.Overall, it's not a favorite, but it is fun."
76561198065871410,Recommended,243930,34959454,Posted: 14 September,all,ZioNxEvo,"I got this game when it was on sale for $5 instead of $20. It was a great purchase and I really enjoy the game, I have almost beat it now and its been fun the whole time. There will be times where you get really frustrated fighting bosses and mobs, but you will eventually beat them, it just takes strategy and patience. I would highly recommend this game if you are into RPGS."
76561198101606802,Recommended,243930,35291559,Posted: 29 September,all,RubyGloria,Sooo witch hunt was the hardest quest I've played in a game I guess. I couldn't finish the game because of that.  It's like dark souls but easier one.
,Recommended,243930,26460543,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Friendly Friend,"This is a great game. The dialogue between some of the characters is incredibly entertaining, and the live action combat combined with RPG upgrades results in a fun, yet skill-testing experience. Bound by Flame has quite a bit of replayability to explore: additional side-quests you skipped or failed in previous run throughs, different decisions during the storyline, upgrade different skills and builds, or spend time with different companions.I really enjoyed the crafting and upgrading system the game has because it reflects a simple, in-field experience. The decision by the game designer to minimize the needs of the crafting helps the game move along instead of getting bogged down by complex material requirements or blueprints. Allowing some items to be further customized helps to eliminate the ""trouser checking"" of some randomized item games, so I can get right back to playing. The balance is fantastic.I think I bought this as part of a bundle without much thought and starting playing it because I was looking for controller based games I could play while relaxing on my couch, so this caught me off guard. I wasn't expecting much and found a wickedly cool game I know I will come back to over and over."
76561198013674073,Recommended,243930,26463861,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Sedelf,"It's an awesome game. Much better than expected from the amount of negative reviews. No major complaints, either. Only gripes that come to mind are very minor ones. There's a few static NPC's, and the end fight can be a bit of a difficulty spike when not properly equipped.The story itself is pretty solid, and the characters are all good. Companions especially so, and each companion is useful in their own way. The combat is insanely fun, and the amount of choices in the game allow replayability. The combat itself is a reason to replay the game... it's very tactical and responsive based, and rewards the use of crafting for better gear and useful items (traps, potions, crossbow bolts). The three specializations in the game are great. The gameplay is well rounded, so the player can go all in or spread out among the specializations.  Sidenote: The soundtrack is absolutely amazing.For any RPG lover, or someone looking for challenging and rewarding tactical combat, Bound by Flame is definitely a good game to get."
76561198067682973,Recommended,243930,22822400,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,RedAdeptRogue,"For my recommendation, it is under the presumption that game is on sale. At the time of my purchase it was $5.If you're looking for an incredible story to sink your teeth in for several hours, this may not be the game for you. Although it dabbles in something interesting concepts and provides player choices to alter the outcome of the game, the entire lore is a bit lackluster. The characters involved that attempt to drive the lore are also themselves bland and lacking true character development. Your potential followers hardly possess any characteristics that make them stand out from the rest of the npcs, and so it's hard to feel any real attachment to them. There are romance options in the game, but they feel rushed and simply misplaced in the context of the game.The game's saving grace is the combat. It is heavily reliant on parry/dodge/block mechanics, but that saves it from being a boring hack and slash game with no good story to fall on. Apart from most rpgs, if you take a hit you will take a lot of damage, but it's not much of a contestant to the likes of the soul series. The animations are fluid and feel as if the sword your swinging has some real weight to it.The talent trees have little to offer as there is not many skills to choose from. The crafting is simple, yet effective. Most weapons and armors have modifications which actually give different appearances along with different effects.As for the main attraction of the game, becoming demon or remaining human adds a fun factor to the game and gives it a bit of replayability.Overall, it is something to play when you have some time to kill and want a bit of a combat challenge."
76561198314603168,Recommended,243930,24031825,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Cduncan75757,Bound By Flame is a pretty decent RPG. Its not amazing but its not a complete waste of time.
,Recommended,243930,10617928,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,ToxicVampire,"This is by no means a perfect game.  The combat definitely takes a while to get used to and can even be cheap at times, especially long range attacks from archers.  That said, it can be rewarding.  I would consider the combat a mix between the Witcher and Demon/Dark Souls series.  While in the Warrior stance, blocking and parrying is definitely your friend.  Using the Ranger stance will make the game easier as your dodge maneuver pretty much dodges anything in the game, and is pretty much required for the final boss which is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥  The story is decent at best and some of the dialog is odd albiet hilarious at times.  The supporting cast is also interesting although in combat they really aren't much help except for being aggro so you can attack enemies.  In the end it was definitely an enjoyable game, especially as it wasn't a full priced game.  If you are a fan of games like The Witcher or Demon/Dark Souls I would say give this a shot, especially while on sale."
,Not Recommended,243930,11521613,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Drunkmc,"The game's graphics are good, but that's about all I can say is good. The dialgoue and writing are TERRIBLE. The combat can be frustrating. It has some fun ideas, but overall, this is very generic and kind of boring."
76561198101908030,Recommended,243930,10098607,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,s3r@ph,"Simply put, this game is a step in the right direction.If you want a game where you can feel godlike for simply swinging your sword and massacring all with your mighty gear, go to the kiddie pool and play Kingdoms of Amalur.If you want a game where you can feel godlike based on your skills and mastered timing but not so much your gear, then play this game.It has a simple yet effective combat system which can be intensely punishing to lazy people who need to have their hand held. Once mastered, combat is smooth in a way that feels similar to a slasher title such as ninja gaiden with an effective parry / dodge system. A friendly note that paying attention to your interrupt stat matters quite a bit.For a game created from the groundup by twenty people who designed their own engine, it is an ambitious project which attempts to push beyond some fairly deeply rooted genre trends. There is very little handholding within the game and some quests or even dialogue are easily missed depending on choices made during conversations. Rather than spelling out for a player what is a 'good' or 'bad' response, the fully voiced options allow you to choose based on short bits of what is actually being said.While players should be aware there is a fair bit of swearing within the game, it is in many ways refreshing to see a game buck the trend of 'sterile' dialogue for more colorful language.While there have been many complaints made about both the story and gameplay, I have yet to experience any kind of bug in either combat or general gameplay that has not been related to my own lack of ability. After beating the game on normal difficulty combat now feels so fluid and enjoyable that the idea of a higher difficulty is exciting rather than frustrating. Because the game engine is very responsive to your key inputs, button mashing is a very bad idea while timed blocks and dodges will make even the toughest fights a smooth and flashy victory.The overall story of the game is rich and focused, with a presentation much more in the flavor of a cinematic movie rather than a drawn out episodic tv series. Although I would have liked to have had more cinematics or involvment of other villains, the absence of these villans is explained well in context.All in all, the game is highly worth it for those prepared to test their abilities and their patience for learning each of the fights as they get progressively harder. For those interested in a shorter but very cinematic storyline, the easiest difficulty may offer less death.Many nods of the head can be found through the game in homage or appreciation of past RPGs such as Dragon Age and Darksiders to name a couple.On the downside, party AI leaves much to be desired although the allies prove to be very useful as distractions. There are a few small animation glitches in cutscenes which are easily overlooked as well.I am very glad I purchased this game to support a studio that is daring to craft an action RPG like this. The game pushes players out of the kiddie pool and out into the deep waters of hack n slash combat titles."
76561197994589141,Not Recommended,243930,10078594,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Skinless,"Good soundtrack but otherwise dissapointing, I enjoyed Mars: War Logs and had hoped Spider would have learned their lessons after having successfully released that, but Bound by flame is just as depressingly short as M:WL was. Beyond how short it is BBF is horribly shallow, the companions are cliche, the voice acting is horrible, the much toted combat system is equelly shallow and eventually just becomes >flame weapon, spam attack block repeat ad-infinitum. The plot is prehaps the worst offender it tells you nothing of the goals of the ""Ice Lords"" who are just about as corney as they come, one of them is even named ""chiller"" really...Chiller thats the best you could come up with, anyway you never learn why there conqouring the world with a undead army other then ""lol becauz theyr evul"". In short no don't get this game is shallow, cliche, boring, tedious to play and the only likeable character is essentailly a pimp zombie. If you really absolutly have to play this game wait for its price to drop or for it to go on sale."
76561198219932543,Recommended,243930,25460422,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Alice,"A nice little RPG to easily move through, if you won’t perfect lip syncing, and 200-hour content and triple A graphics, then move on, I paid £3.99 and am easily going to get my moneys worth.Nice characters, engaging story, not a fully open world, but some nice areas to visit, and a nice variety of enemies to keep you on your toes."
,Recommended,243930,25494299,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,[死]TyrannoScorpioRex,"Good Game i enjoyed itPretty short ""the main Quest"""
76561198050348955,Recommended,243930,25474240,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Roberto,"Good game, for a good price. buy it."
,Not Recommended,243930,25694205,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Trollfgang,"Bound by flame is an RPG created by Spiders Studio. The people who made the nicely borken Mars War Logs, of Orcs And Men, Faery... And others games I haven't played. Yet.First of all, I must precise i have nothing against imperfect games. On the contrary, I'm a big fan of Alpha Protocol, Binary Domain, and quite a few games of the same level of polishing. But Bound by Flame is not Nicely Broken. It's a pile of sharp glass shard waiting to tear to shred your lust for RPGs.The Dialogs, or why stupid can be fun.As much as they are tacky, the dialogs are nice, even if everyone involved seems more interested in dropping the best punchline than making sense. The writers were more interested in doing something fun than doing something coherent. It makes for a nice B movie vibe.The Story, or why convoluted doesn't mean deep.The story is what it is, which is not very interesting. Lords of evil destroying the world, or trying to conrolling it. Last remnants of humanity trying to survive and fighting them of. Everything is going to♥♥♥♥♥♥ and your merry band of mercenary doesn't seem to give two♥♥♥♥♥♥about it.Elements are hidden only for the sake of mystery, and when you get all the piece of the puzzle, you realize some don't fit, and the box was half-empty to begin with.The Graphics, or why generic is a standard.It's kinda different while remaining the same. The kina that is realistic enough to be believable, but ""artsy"" enough that it won't ever seem really ugly. They play it safe, and they are right to do so. Bonus point for the ridiculous outfit of a certain female character.The combat, or why, god why ?You have a crossbow, a longsword, dual daggers and some fire magic. The melee combat is what you will use most. You have a normal attack, a less normal attack (boot to the face with le longword, combo with the daggers).And it sucks because :You can only dodge to the rear, and only while using the dagger. A perfectly timed dodge will trigger a counter attack (and you don't have the choice to NOT counter attack in this case)You can parry, but only will th longsword will let you counter attack.All magic takes time to cas, and you can easily be interrupted.And the character is rigid, and takes age to get back on his feet while knocked down.AND the fighting is grindy, extremely so, especially with bosses. And that's only in easy mode.One could make the argument that the game can be played for the story, whick while not being that good, is still fun to follow. But the combat is the main (and only) way to progress. And it's bad, painfully so. It's even worst than Mars War Logs. Clunky, Grindy, and even with what your character is supposed to be, you NEVER feel powerful.Avoid this game, those who compare it to Dark Souls are out their mind, it doesn't hold a candle to the From Software's game."
76561198089267880,Not Recommended,243930,10927159,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Miss Gigi,"I was very excited for this game. It was at the top of my wishlist for a long time, and I was so excited to get the email that it was finally on sale. I installed the game, hopeful and excited, and pressed begin. That was my first mistake. My second mistake was thinking that the game would get better. It didn't. From start to finish, this game was a major disappointment. There were many many things that bothered me about this game (such as the typos spread throughout the subtitles or the fact that you can name your character, yet you're still called Vulcan throughout the duration of the game), but some were just unbearable.The first was the dialogue. Doesn't seem like a big deal right? Wrong. Every conversation in this game, besides being boring, is tedious and way too long. I wasted more time in this game talking than actually playing. I literally pulled out my phone a few times and scrolled through my blog while waiting for conversations to finish. You just don't care. None of the characters are likeable, none of the stories are interesting, and you just find yourself trying to get through it as fast as you can so you can get said quest or event over with.The second thing that was frustrating was the combat. The concept was okay, but the execution wasn't. First of all, it takes a while to kill certain creatures. I found myself taking much too much time going after a particular monster, and then turning around and finding a bunch more. The warrior stance doesn't really do much damage. It's slow and each hit does minimal damage (and mind you I spent a lot of points in that category). The ranger position was okay, but to dodge you had to jump back, and it took longer than needed to reach the creature again for another hit, making the battle longer than it needed to be. Distance (whether with a crossbow or fire spells) didn't do enough damage to actually be worthwhile. I usually only used it when I needed to get a group of deadwalkers away from me. The biggest problem? Each creature required mastery of a specific stance to defeat it quickly and efficiently, and it just isn't possible to even out the stances and actually improve the skill. You have to pick one (maybe two) to focus on, and then when you fight someone who needs the other you don't have the skill needed. It's not that it's hard, it's just tedious, boring, and frustrating, especially when taking out a lot of creatures at once.Another thing that bothered me was the realism in the game. For example, in every boss battle, Vulcan has a cutscene where he/she is basically doomed, and then suddenly they gain the advantage and destroy the boss...and everytime I shook my head and thought, that would never happen. Not too big of a deal, but it happened often enough to be annoying.But probably the biggest flaw of this game is the character. First of all, Vulcan is a pretty much set in stone kind of character. The description gave the illusion of bringing in decisions made by the player or character growth, but there wasn't any. Vulcan is the same no matter how you play the game. And to be honest, I didn't really like him/her. Every time he/she opened his/her mouth I wanted to roll my eyes. I would've appreciated the option to control my character a bit more. Maybe have different personality options or give the ability to choose different paths. I couldn't even pick different dialogue options. There was no variety in the character, except in the concept of letting the demon take full control or fighting against it, which in the end didn't really do much except decide whether you slaughter your companions or not.Bottom line, this game isn't fun. I was looking forward to playing this game, but in the end, I couldn't even finish the very last act because I had no will to continue. The concepts were all good, and I'm very bummed that things weren't done the way they could've been. At least if the game was cheaper, I would feel better about my playthrough, but with the price I paid and the expectations I had, all I can say is this was a disaster."
,Not Recommended,243930,28647397,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,han_fangqi,"I thought this was a solid game before the worldheart boss fight. I can tolerate the not-so-well-written dialogues, but when the gameplay breaks down, there isn't much else left in this game to recommend. I don't know who designed the fight, but it felt like a forced SL1  boss battle. I guess some dev just thought ""lets put an unnecessarily hard boss here because we can"". So I'm leaving a thumbs down here because I can. I am not sure if the fight is optional, but it's awful, and this is from a Dark Souls fan. For anyone who is trying to play the game: remember to craft 200+ crossbow bolts before this fight."
,Recommended,243930,19333083,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Lenny,"Nice game, I recomand this for you!The game have awesome gameplay, the combat style of your main character and your allies is very cool, the graphics are very cool but shadows arent that usefull and they are a bit brighter than normal, a big open world game that will give you some secondary minions for even a bigger reward, some of the characters are completly messed up and any others are OP in the fights with bosses, the main character can be such a jerk no matter what you may choose to talk, sometimes appear to be a good man but the swearings will come from nowhere, i like swears :)) not that much but they are funny.9/10"
,Not Recommended,243930,10054415,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Dr. Tacos,"I'm going to keep this short and simple (Ignore my time played, I spent lots of time in offline mode):This game is average but it has its merits.The games visuals are fairly good with varying texture quality but a nice vibe to the environments, mainly due to lighting.The story is actually quite intriguing, having to let an entitiy you don't trust slowly take over your body in hopes to save the world is kind of great (sometimes the story falls a bit short but the overall concept is nice), however the voice acting is laughable (don't even get me started on the lip syncing).The combat is unsatisfying and can sometimes get tedious but it still brings a bit of enjoyment. A big part of why the combat feels bland/boring is the lack of stagger/reactions from your enemies when being hit by your attacks. Whilst fighting, a huge lash of your blade to the chest won't even budge your enemy whatsoever which makes your hits feel weak and meaningless (and yes, I'm aware that there is a stat called ""Interrupt"" that adds a chance of interrupting enemy animations to your attacks but that's not what I mean. Even without having a specific stats your attacks should give visual feedback). I mean, you can walk up to a naked archer and whack at him with a giant two-handed axe and the archer won't even notice, he'll just keep firing 1000000 damage arrows directly at your face.The combat is difficult but not in a Dark Souls II way, it's mainly difficult because of how cheap your enemies are. You can't easily interrupt them and you often get swarmed with archers shooting a million projectiles at you whilst you try and fight off guys with annoying shields and other fast-attacking skeletons. I suggest playing in the ranger stance as the ""Dodge"" ability it provides actually allows you to win fights. Oh, and companions are terrible.After putting more time into this game I am unfortunately going to have to change my rating to a ""No"". This game is not worth 40 euros, heck it's not even worth 20 since it's basically unplayable. An ARPG with a terribly flawed combat system is basically rendered meaningless, since combat is all it had going for it in the first place."
76561198014890831,Not Recommended,243930,25638860,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,ToraKamo,I kind of liked the game until I accepted to duel the Knight Randval while - unfortunately - didn't have a suitable save point before the duel. Being to low in level to beat him I got stuck dying again and again.Long story made short: The game should not stear the player into a cul-de-sac like that and destroy all achievements made thus far.It's ok to have some dangerous or difficult spot in the game that could be avoided and taken care of later. But the fun stops if have to try to defeat a totally superior opponent dozens of times with no way to improve while doing this.It's a pity. The story is nice and interesting.
,Not Recommended,243930,10075593,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Nox,"Fun game, I liked the story but the boss fights feel like they were designed by someone who had never played the game and are terrible.  I'd wait for a patch before buying it - the boss fights are THAT bad."
76561198006681476,Not Recommended,243930,13505149,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,NovaZero,"This game is incomplete. That is really all.You want to like this game, but you can't.The gameplay is oversimplistic, despite what the trailers will show the only thing you need is to be able to use your block/evade button at the right time and you will never really have to worry about being hurt save for AoEs.Crafting is always more than a step behind. It's simple -- get what you need and make it from a menu. Is it what you need, though? Not really. For example crafting traps? Can't say it's too useful. Sure, make yourself a minefield and lure things over to it. Done.But the biggest axe to grind is the story. When you say that a story has a beginning, a middle and an end? That summarizes the entirety of this game. Of course, trying to be fair here, the premise SOUNDS interesting and certainly has its attraction in that idea. Big undead army that's more or less unstoppable? Sure. Only thing that can stop them is a hero with demonic powers? Okay, I'll pay that. Your choices are always binary, though -- that is, one or the other. Do you take the option which gives the demon within a little more room or do you take the option which retains your humanity. And that's fine.... really, I mean it. But this is the part that makes it outright stupid-- your character's relationship with the demon? Almost non-existent.But the biggest part that you learn to hate about this game is that the story itself is just.... incomplete. Incomplete and poorly presented. That guy you saved? He died anyway. How do you find out? Because a text entry said so and one of your companions brings it up briefly. The undead army you're fighting is a big threat? If you say so! Why can't you belive they're actually a bad thing? Well, there's a lack of urgency. In games you need that feeling of urgency -- you need a choice to be difficult to make to make that decision have weight. You won't have that here because there's no real urge that pits things as being impossible for your protagonists to even do. It has so many plotholes most of which make absolutely no sense and lack crucial context. The demon within lacks a strong personality.Overrall, this game gets a big 'NO'. Why? It's incomplete. It's not a game that would be too bad had it cost less than $10 and even then, that would be overselling it. But for $40 you'd expect at least a complete story. I personally am not a person that likes to be too damning when it comes to games but look -- I'll make an exception here because I want the general public to understand that this game is not worth its price tag."
,Recommended,243930,10753054,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Katie's Hannah,"[/b]Neutral[/b]: Bound by Flame is a game that aspires for AAA CRPG greatness in the vein of Skyrim or Dragon Age: Origins, and falls short of the mark.  It's fun for a single play, without much replay value, so at 40$, it's one to get on a sale.Full review available here:Highland Arrow Review: Bound by Flame"
76561198035945370,Recommended,243930,14387339,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Malsain,"The one and only game where a simple mercenary girl can grow a pair (of horns), kick everybody's♥♥♥♥♥♥(including her own boss), and become an ultimate being in the whole world.9/10 'cause the final area is sooo overstretched&boring (like, Bioshock Infinite level of boring)Oh yeah, and don't whine that the game is too hard. I was trolling helpless enemies with my maxed-out ranger all the way.Of course, if you want Dark Souls-like pain-in-the♥♥♥♥♥experience, try evolving in the Warrior branch of the skill tree;)"
,Not Recommended,243930,29786572,Posted: 8 February,all,No Reason,"The combat is not fun, not to make the dark souls comparison, but it is almost impossible to dodge your way out of incoming attacks. The tollorances for parying or dodging are just too slim to ever feel like you have mastered or even gotten a hang of the combat system. Combat becomes something you dread instead of something to look forward to.Other than that, the story and graphics are fairly nice, and the quests are fun enough (think the witcher 1), but the games combat system stops you from getting to the enjoyable parts."
,Recommended,243930,13696538,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,nSkaarup,"Playing through this game was an experience i won't forget, it have a rich story line that i lived myself into considering i only opened the game to see what it was about and it took me 11 hours to close the game again and that was only because i needed to get some sleep, and then i finished the game the next morning(afternoon woke up late in the day after going to bed at 9am.) but over all i don't regret throwing my money at this game, i had fun and after a total of 12.9 hours, i added another game to my completed games list.GL & HF."
,Recommended,243930,10080632,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Kyew -iwl-,"As of this review, I've put roughly 6 hours into Bound By Flame.Base Score: 6/10Skip to the end if you want a quick summary.Bound By Flame is a good game, but I personally think that it had the potential to be great. That's not to say you shouldn't at least try/ look into the game. It's a fun game with flaws that make it not so fun sometimes.As for specifics, the story is a fairly standard ""a gigantic evil is approaching and you're the only one that can stop it"" plot, but it does have it's fair share of unique twists to seperate it from others. I found myself interested, as the story differentiates itself in ways that I haven't seen before. That's not to say it's some groundbreaking new twist on the fantasy genre, but it didn't particularly remind me of any other game's story too much. The background lore that you can learn of is fairly interesting, but you don't really get to explore any of it. There is a nice variety of quest objectives, so it doesn't feel as if I'm doing the same thing over and over again.Character creation was also something that was rather disappointing, as there were only about 6 hair options and 4 facial options.The interactions with your companions are a bit weird and don't really flesh out well. Personally, I felt that it was a less developed version of Dragon Age Origins' companion system.While each companion is vastly different in the way that they talk and act, conversations seem a bit stunted, especially with the less than stellar facial capturing that leads to stiff looking faces. It was pretty annoying that I could only have one companion follow me at a time, but I really only used them for cannon fodder.The dialogue choices for the most part capture Vulcan's personality, and can be amusing at times. Despite all of my complaints, I found myself liking Vulcan as a character. The voice acting was average.Your companions themselves suffer from a case of the cliche. Rhelmar is the elf archer, Edwen is the sexy, dark, mysterious witch, Sybil is the innocent and naive scholar/healer, Randval is the badass warrior who is the last of his tribe, and I haven't met Mathras, so I can't pass judgement on him. Spiders definitely did a good job with determining how they react to situations and dialogue options, meaning that you need to watch what you say and how you say it. Based on your words and actions, you could end up losing followers.The combat is... bland. Playing as a ranger, I found myself in a monotonous playstyle pretty quickly: slash slash dodge repeat. Due to the fighting mechanics being a bit clunky, I found enemies far harder than they should have been. The fact that you don't have a grace period when you're knocked down means that you end up losing a good deal of health whenever you find yourself on the ground. All enemy attacks do crazy balls-to-the-wall amounts of damage, so even with upgraded armor and health I find myself dying after 4 or 5 hits. It's not that the game itself is fundamentally hard, the developers just messed up combat leading to an artificial difficulty. For instance, if you dodge while doing a combo, your character will jump right back into the combo, meaning that you step right into the attack that you tried to dodge. That isn't a problem if you time your dodges just right, but I'm stupid like that, so yeah.Graphically wise, I find the game okay. I don't usually put too much stock into graphics, so it doesn't really matter to me. BBF isn't a graphical masterpiece, but it's not a bad looking game either. Fairly run of the mill, maybe a bit outdated. The details were pretty impressive for a game coming out of a rather unproven studio though. The Witcher influence is pretty in your face, and I feel like there's a bit of Dragon Age too but that could just be me.While I mentioned earlier that the character customization was disappointing, the gear customization is not. There are countless upgrades that all have unique looks and unique traits that you can add. Each piece of armor, unless part of a set, looks different and provides a unique feel to your character. The same applies for weapons, which is a welcome change from games that just rehash weapons with different names for you to use.I did find myself liking the soundtrack, so there's that.Too Long; Didn't Read=+The main character's pretty cool, and his personality/dialogue choices change as the game progresses.+The story, while somewhat cliche, does a good job of investing you and provides enough unique spins to keep it fresh.+Nice quest variety+The customization/crafting of armor, weapons and upgrades is vast.+I like the soundtrack+Graphics are pretty good, if a bit outdated.-Choices affect Vulcan, the world around him, and your companions, but not by much.-Customizing the actual looks of your character is shallow: about 6 hairstyles (can't change the color) and 4 faces-Combat is clumsy and annoying. It gives enemies a harder feel than necessary.-Voice acting is meh, stiff facial recognition leads to conversations seeming off.-Companions are cliche and the ""tactical combat"" that was a selling point of this game consisted of enemies 3-shotting me and my companions being bad at being cannon fodder.Honestly, the game looks, feels, and is designed like The Witcher's little brother that tries to emulate him in everything he does but can't.As a final note, I may have ripped on the game for most of my review, but I enjoy it. It's story is nice, but having to plow through the horrible combat is a HUGE turn off. If the combat was a bit smoother, I'd definitely recommend it to anyone who likes RPGs with a good story arc. As it stands now, however, it's a game focused on combat that didn't get the combat right (The combat is my main problem with the game. If it were better, I'd be able to overlook everything else and enjoy it for what it is). Buy at your own risk."
76561198087953574,Recommended,243930,19545148,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Sean Hur,"Whenever someone said, ""It's a very bad game"", but there are a lot of challengeable games.  This game is also one of them.  누군가 정말 안 좋은 게임이라고 말해서 보면 해볼만한 게임이 많다.  이 게임도 그 중에 하나인듯........"
,Recommended,243930,20279293,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,psycho_driver,I enjoyed the game and found it absolutely worth the sale price I paid.  I didn't think it was particularly hard.  Combat reminded me of Shadow of Mordor with a lot less polish.
76561198028678769,Recommended,243930,18168413,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Kyle,"HEAVILY flawed gameplay, but everything I else I kind of love. Really, really unpolished combat, though. It doesn't work nearly as well as it should."
76561198030571407,Recommended,243930,18182178,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Cheeky,Played on hardest difficulty. Final boss gave me multiple health issues irl. 10/10
76561198076509120,Recommended,243930,20332088,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Dizzle,Pros: It was difficultCons: It was diffucult
,Recommended,243930,15025885,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,White Shadow,"This is the 3rd game I've played by Spiders Studios. Just as the other two, I greatly enjoyed this one. It might've only lasted for about 13 hours, and there were a few issues and grievances along the way, but all in all this was great fun.The story is nothing too original. It's your typical dark fantasy setting with humans facing off the armies of undead, but I was quite impressed with the overall presentation and delivery of it. Most of the companions were quite interesting, though some of them could've been developed a bit better, and the main character and the demon inside of him were very solid in the lead.The combat aspect is a bit of a mixed bag. It was incredibly fun in some ways. The moves and abilities made each battle feel epic, especially with the use of superhuman dodge skill, which created some 'wow' moments as you see your character narrowly avoid an enemy swing. However, despite finding it fun, I have to agree with many of the criticisms by other players. The lack of roll command was something I could not understand at all. And the whole interruption mechanic was extremely annoying, because it was easy for enemies to interrupt you mid-swing, not to mention knocking you down on the floor and getting some cheap free hits whilst you're waiting for your character to get back up.The difficulty in general was way too high, even for the Easy difficulty setting. For a game that has such a strong focus on story, the Easy mode shouldn't have been this hard. This was made worse by some parts of the game having unpleasant difficulty spikes. In general I thought chapters 1 and 2 were brilliantly done and the flow was perfect. There were many sidequests, and the action bits were balanced out with storytelling.And then chapter 3 came along, and the game was ruined by constant non-stop battles with identical enemies and some horrible level design that forces you to walk through monotonous twisting corridors and too much backtracking. And the final boss was way way way too hard compared to the rest of the game. To make it worse, if you wish to go back and buy more stuff and grind, you can no longer do it, so you have to load an earlier bit of the game. I ended up doing that so that I could buy 40 health potions (and no, that isn't too much).Combat frustrations aside, the game was still fun and worth playing. The crafting system was done well, and the levelling of skills was reasonably good too. There are 3 mastery trees in total: Warrior, Ranger, and Pyromancer. You can mix and match and invest in any of those as much as you wish. I personally went heavy on the warrior tree. Too bad in the second half of the game I realised that going Ranger stance with daggers was proving to be much better (and seems many other players agree), making Warrior tree quite underpowered compared to the Ranger tree. As for Pyromancy, I found most fire abilities useless, aside from weapon enchantment with fire, which was a single most useful skill in the game.I'd definitely recommend this game, though BE WARNED that it is HARD and unfair, and you will be getting killed a lot even on Easy mode. If that's something you do not mind, then most likely you'll enjoy the game."
,Recommended,243930,10992378,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,[TAW] Derisat Hartfelt,"*New review 3/19/2015* I change the game to a thumbs up, if only because of price, the old review is at the bottom from release month. 6.7/10Freedom/Choices:Apart from the atrocious way they handle the choices in game (either side with the demon completely or not at all, going part way ruins your choices), what few choices their are. If you have any corruption at all, you're stuck with♥♥♥♥♥♥endings, you need to be all human and do the sacrafice ending to get any kind of recap or anything without a credit scroll. If you ever have corruption key choices are made for you that determine NPC followers. So really there is no freedom and the path is set for the BAD endings as soon as you get any corruption. Also note siding with the demon removes your capability to wear armor pieces, so only choose to if you want to go flatout mage.Combat= Combat would be fun, until you realize there is only ONE viable build, Ranger with Pyromancer support, or Pyromnacer (demon path) with Ranger support. being a Warrior will just get your♥♥♥♥♥kicked, you'll be slow and the end game boss, infact several bosses and group fights will rip you apart. There isn't enough damage mitigation in the game to save your♥♥♥♥♥ it's all about mobility and attack speed. So having 3 trees is pointless, it's really only viable with Ranger/Pyromancer unless you are on the EASIEST difficulty, even then it can be a pain.FIXED= They fixed dialouge issues with NPC's handing out spoilers, read the below review for an examples so that boosts my rating up to 6.7.PRO's*Difficult, in a good sense, I hate games that are too easy, you get bored, this game doesn't dissapoint on any difficulty.*Shiny,*Good viceral combat, you don't become roll face god mode at any time, you move around and dodge.*The story has a great premise and an OK way of delivering it.*Replayability for Full human or full demon, honestly you can't save before the end and ge the demon endings, each path has 2 endings, but only the pure human and sacrafice endings have a unique ending tale. Still worth playing twice to see the DEMON mode.*CraftingCONS*Buggy visuals, quite often*NPC dialouge bugs out often enough, case in point, an NPC wanted to be with me for a certain fight, i took them to that fight, then afterewards the NPC acted like I didn't take them.*No quest markers over NPC's you have to revisit everyone multiple times through out chapters.*Minor choices have huge resounding consequences, and seemingly huge decisions don't mean squat, save scum often.*Lots of foot travel to the same areas for a chain of quests, gets boring.Advice* While there are many armor sets throughout the game and you have limited weight capacity here are the ones worth keeping in order. Don't destroy any of the pieces till you have all of the others, these have the most mod capabilies, and the best stats. Everything else is really filler and can be scrapped.EARLY GAME:SwordsmanMIDGAME:RangerLATE GAME:OfficerENDGAME: Elite SoldierCombat 9.0/10Story 7.0/10Exeution 4.0/10END SCORE 6.7/10Worth the currently cheap price, has potential, maybe Spider can improve on it's shortcomings, play for the combat and the shiny*OLD REVIEW BELOW, WAS A THUMBS DOWN*As much as the combat can be fun, that's all it has really going for it.The reason it gets downvotes lets start with the fact that conversations give away quest spoilers or the ending of the game long long before you reach the end of the game. For example *SPOILER INCOMING BUT THE GAME WILL SPOIL IT TOO*  You'll get a hot mage lady she's not entirely trustworthy. In Chapter 2 during  companion conversations you just bring up she used to be an Ice Lord, casualy like you always knew, and she responds in kind, filling you in on all kinds of personal details, skip to about 5 hours later you OFFICIALY find out she was an Ice lord *DUNDUNDUUUUUN* Drama anger can you trust her omfgploxing? Wait wait you spoiled that for me yourself about 5 hours ago.♥♥♥♥♥♥like this happens ALL THE TIME! You pull information from thin air in conversations and plot decisions from inforamtion you were obvioulsy supposed to have found out, but never actually did.Your ability to make choices, is fairly limited, the instances where making a choice seems logical, it gets scripted and you get no choice, like say absorbing the body of a lich, which transforms you, removes your ability to waer helmets and pisses off the elf prince. But you know, getting a choice to allow the demon to stop ""mind confusion"" seems like ti will mean the death or life of your friends, nope guess what, it doesn't, it means nothing. Seemingly major decisions are infact  cosmetic and the really major decisions are chosen for you with no say what so ever.It's like very very badly written novel by a 9th grade student, or a first time DnD Dungeon Master.Honestly wait till this game is like 9.99, it's worth 9.99. I would even say it's worth 14.99 if you really really want it.5.9/10 a D-PRO'sShinyOK but not spectacular combat mechanicsCON'sBuggyInconsistent story progressionNon sensical decision makingFalsely advertised freedom. Forced choices in a game that pushes the ""your choice matters"" advertisingEarly vs Late game Combat Difficulty Balance is way off"
,Recommended,243930,22322173,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,kninja50,"Took under 18 hours to beat, I recommend it on sale. It seems as though they had big plans for the story but were rushed near the end, since the story becomes rushed and some lines appear to be delivered assuming the player had prior knowledge of something that was not stated. Combat is nice, though unbalanced since it seems between the choice of 2-handed weapons and dual daggers they do the same damage per hit, but daggers hit much more often than 2-handed weapons. I managed to beat the game going pure 2-handed, but near the end I wished I had gone the dagger route.Overall I recommend due to uniqueness (Spiders seem good at making unique games despite what I percieve to be budget problems) and vision despite not quite reaching what I think could have been an epic game."
76561198108172742,Recommended,243930,13852735,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Mr Hikikomori,if you only like rpg like skyrim this game not for you but if you like games like witcher then yes it has same type of fighting as witcher 1 and game was on very low budget 750 000 and its hard but not to hard like darksouls and great boss battles and great followers as well as amazing ost so great game to get on sale
76561198028316182,Recommended,243930,29915420,Posted: 13 February,all,Alastair,"the game was pretty fun and has probably at least 20 hours of gameplay per playthrough, the story makes sense and was fairly enjoyable, overall well worth picking up, especially if its on sale"
,Recommended,243930,30254214,Posted: 28 February,all,Sgt.Knox,nothing new but fun like old frend
76561198041844214,Not Recommended,243930,16571860,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,NGamer,"Intro:Please save your money do not buy!Graphics:Environment is well done, but every else doesn't belong or look right.Gameplay:Similar to Witcher Games but not enough room to perform attacks.The Bad:Dry StorylineSide Quest are BoringVoices and Acting is TerribleTeam AI is uselessCharacter Graphic DetailConversations End with SilenceThe Price of The GameThe Conclusion:Don't Buy This Game!"
,Not Recommended,243930,19575688,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,10_RO,"It's fine and all, but when a mechanic designed to make you -not- take damage, gets you killed more than save you, it's pretty ♥♥♥♥ing stupid.Especially when you're fighting the last boss, 15 minutes in.And you keep trying to dodge.But you keep going into attack because it's automatic.And then die when the boss is at 20%."
,Recommended,243930,13760703,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,JackChan,"Worth before you decided to buy, and it looks great, finished it and you will think it is not worth, well i mean, it is worth to buy if you didnt...haha"
,Not Recommended,243930,24177789,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Lionarith,"It began good, but soon it gets just ridiculously unfair. As if devs don't have any plan on how good fighting mechanics work."
76561198080781507,Not Recommended,243930,22279727,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Mr. Blonde,"To be completely honest with this game, it leaves a lot to be wanted. Combat is slow and quite similar all the way through the game, getting better weapons or powers don’t really seem to make it end much faster or more interesting. Dialogue is really bad, things are said I swear nobody would save in their whole life. The graphics are good, music is also good, there is an interesting lore behind everything that could have been deeper. I don’t recommend buying it unless it is found at a discount."
76561198000565699,Recommended,243930,10694360,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,DynaTheCat,The stiff voice acting and bad script makes everyone you meet seem like an undead.
76561198009410958,Not Recommended,243930,10653024,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Neuraxis,Bound to be a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ that last fight took too many tries to count and still haven't finished it and can't be bothered its a shame I liked the story but the fighting isn't fun. The whole game is just been a frustrating grind *Deleted*
,Not Recommended,243930,25772028,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,eXcruciate,"TLDR: Bound by Flame is bound by design 4/10. Why they think this is a good combat system and even used it again in their newest sucky game Technomancer is beyond me because nobody likes that game either. It was a bad combat system in games before this and still is.First, I have around 15 hours in this game and Steam is displaying my time played incorrectly. Second, they thought they were clever with their combat system from Mars War Logs but it sucked and they went ahead and put it in this game anyway. $40 new (I paid $20) for fifteen hours of completely linear gameplay with no reason whatsoever to play the game ever again after you beat it is a joke. I paid $20 and feel ripped off. $10 would be more fair. It is one of the most frustrating games I have ever played because the combat is just not very good at all, just weird, and I was not enjoying it much especially on the last boss. It is so bad that I said F it and am now looking for a trainer to cheat and beat the boss then uninstall this dog crap for good. I was doing well, eventually beating all of the enemies in the game but this game is just unacceptable on the last battle and I am in no way ashamed to say I am just tired of this game and am getting a trainer for it. I do not care. The only thing I am ashamed of is to say I wasted $20 on this game. Every battle is insanely hard, and not exactly always in a good way, mainly just because of the weird, awkward, bad combat system. The game can still manage to be slightly fun if you are a very skilled gamer and have a astronomical amount of patience, and I do not have much of the latter. The fetch quests and general running around is insanely boring and feels pointless even though it isn't. Everything is incredibly easy other than the combat. Find something, click mouse 1 to pick it up, take it back to person, add some dog crap awful combat mechanics in, and there you go. Oh and by the way, even on the LOWEST difficulty, the last boss fight is nearly impossible. I had said before that the worst final boss fight in the history of video games was Cavestory+ but this one takes the cake. Whatever tiny bit of fun I was having throughout the game was crushed when I got to the last boss fight. It blows my mind that it is not the chief complaint about the game among all of the user reviews. Even fights against weak enemies put you at such a disadvantage that it will be a chore to beat them, and it is all because of the controls, how you feel like you are fighting on the moon but the enemies get to attack at normal speed.Oh and a problem equal to everything else is how short it is. It is supposed to be a $40 third person rpg and it is only about 15 hours long and is 100% linear with no point ever playing through it twice, not ever. It is a 100% ripoff. The other problem is that the skill trees completely suck, all three of them. They barely add any improvements to your character and the improvements that the skill trees do add are stupid and nearly useless. And when you get new weapons and armor throughout the game, their stats only increase a point at a time. The one-point increase that a new piece of gear gives is negated by the fact that enemies gain strength as the game goes on. The weapon and armor that I ended the game with felt the exact same as the basic ones I started with, because they basically are. You never do more dmg, you never prevent more dmg, and the skill trees offer nearly no help.Seriously fk this, this game is a prime example of why piracy exists and why not nearly as many people pre-order games as they did five years ago. If the devs for this game are smart they will do it right in the future and scrap this game's awful combat system, if they even made enough money off of this game to make anything else.4/10 combat engine0/10 last boss fight3/10 skill trees are nearly useless0/10 armor/weapon upgrades because of enemy strength scaling negating any improvements3/10 length. actually since it sucks so bad I give the length a 9/10, should've been even shorter lol4/10 overallThey need to seriously scrap this game's combat engine and make a new one for their next game."
76561198172685666,Recommended,243930,15516731,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Queen of the Dongo,"Darksiders 2,Dark Souls 2 and Outlast had a baby.10/10"
76561197996253060,Recommended,243930,10112721,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,cireful,"Update after 46 hours and finishing the game twice:Explored every detail, re-tried every choice and done every little side-plot. Towards the end the game feels a bit rushed and there are places where I almost with certainty can say they skipped a fairly large amount of content they wanted to include. A lot of the story gets bogged down by this feeling of not being finished. That said, the game is a definite gem, full of great ideas and the Spiders should practice practice practice. I can't wait for the next in line.The use of music in this game is sublime. Good job guys.The old review:13 hours into the game I am so deep into the different characters that the discovery of a quest log with a couple of missed quests made me restart the game and do it properly. This should tell you something about the combat system as well: never a dull moment, keeping you on your toes from start to finish of every figh and so extremely responsive that it is a pure pleasure to play and I love having to redo the first hours with my accumulated experience.Warning for the n00bs and the God of War players: constantly smashing the attack button will only get you killed. Again. And again. And again. On higher difficulties you will cry and beg and squirm and sqeel and whine and punch your screen, as you weaklings should.Good news for the skilled RPG players: once you're in the groove, you're paying attention to your enemy and you let yourself flow, the pleasure of violence we all are trained for by the divide-and-conquer corporate media since our first steps in this world, will flood your senses and you will hammer and slice and grind down the hardest oponents with not as much as a scratch on your armor to show for it.There could be more options in the build trees and if you choose to go for both heavy and light weaponry on the same character, you may find yourself heavily disadvantaged, since most skills in one tree are replicated with a different style of play in the other tree. And then your flow becomes that much more important and making no mistakes becomes an obsession. Or a frustration - whichever type of personality you are. All of your frustrated people: hahaha.I have a particular complaint: all of the cut scenes of battle are done with the heavy build. Why? Why are my dual daggers not good enough to be depicted perforating wind pipes and separating vertibrae? I want a dagger-vid dlc.The crafting system: just brilliant. It gives you the space to customize your character to best fit your style of play and is non-cumbersome ehough to let you explore ant try out new stuf. Great idea and brilliant implementation.Before I go on to talk about the story, I have to say a couple of words about the voice acting and conversations in the game. Voice acting in some of the peripheral characters leaves a bit to be desired, but all the main and important side characters are done with thought, effort and a serious knack for personality. The best part is the attitude and manner of Vulcan, however. You will absolutely adore the self-deprecating insolent ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ that is the main character. He never fails to notice the absurdities in the plot, the clothing and behavior of NPCs and other kliches that RPG games usually just skate over without a second thought. His attitude naturally spills over into the environment and responses of the other characters, making for enjoyable and very believable moments. The most ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ turn of events seem real to the player, because the environment reacts to the event with a proper dose of ""wtf"". I don't want to throw any spoilers, but you will know what I am talking about once you dip into the game.Finally, the story. The story and the tasks given to you are both tightly bound in a neat package, always moving in a well-defined direction, and  flexible enough to make you feel like you are creating your own way of play and character, regardless of what the main story wants you to do. The choices are important here, but what is better is the semi-open world  that allows you to walkt around areas, grind, do side tasks and develop relationships with people around you in the process. It is by no means Skyrim in this respect and it could be much deeper and take much more space, but it will let you get a healthy dose of choice and the ability to postpone the main quest as long as you like.Obviously, I am nowhere near done with the story, since I am exploring every little corner of it and I am about to replay everything I've done so far, but I have a very good feeling about it. Fast pace when it counts, chill when you need, funny as hell and believable. You can't ask for more from a beginning development team.Now the reviews for this title... I don't understand all the flack this game got. I almost didn't purchase it due to the reviews, but then I saw that these guys did Of Orcs and Men and since that was awesome, I gave the game a chance. I love it. Absolutely love it. The potential this development crew has is sky high."
,Recommended,243930,10169424,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,The Guilty,"Overall, quite enjoyable, not too short, and hard enough to give a real challenge - The occasional terribad voice acting or glitchyness is easily overlooked"
76561198025041340,Recommended,243930,10214492,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Stormaggedon,"This game feels like an attempt to recreate the action of the witcher 2.  I quite enjoy it, though there are parts where the combat is not quite solid enough and the difficulty is exagerated as a result.  Avoiding or blocking is key, damage delt is low, damage taken is high, overall a challenge.  The voice acting is mediocre, a good attempt at least.  If you've played the witcher 2 and enjoy it, this is a game you might like.  Otherwise, go play the witcher 2 first, it is a much more polished game in all reality."
,Not Recommended,243930,10386785,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,WASDragon,"PLUSES:+ Nice graphics+ Amazing final endingshttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aeAb3agcXuE+ Epic music in the endMINUSES:- In the movies weapons move in the body when you kill someone and then movie starts- Some humans and elves are horrorable than deadwalkers- Short campaign- They lied to us about a lot of weapons, enemies and very interesting and long campaign, but I don't see something about from the trailer, no army of Red Scribes, no army of elves, no army of Blades etc.- Meanless enemies. Juggernaut is the first boss in this game, and I don't know even what is it. It looks like mammoth, but not it is unknown creature. Idiotic and meanless enemies: ghosts, juggernaut (semi-mammoth and semi-giant), deadwalkers (semi-zombie and semi-skeleton as deadwalkers of The Walking Dead), horrible elves. Only Lord Blackfrost, Edwen and Sybil are beautiful characters.My advises for you:When you reach battle with Blackfrost and Demon, craft health potions and then arrows. I crafted arrows for all my indegrients and then I can't craft health potion. Watch video above this and you will see I won the Demon with 1 health potion for 42 minutes, because I ran all battlefield for gaining health.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e_PzUBL8AQA"
76561198000767598,Recommended,243930,10064410,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Mourneblade,"Bound By Flame is a sngle player RPG develo0ped by the small studio, Spiders. You may (or may not) be familiar with other games developed by Spiders, including Of Orcs and Men and Mars: War Logs, being the most recent of their games.While Bound By Flame may not be the most impressive, or the most original RPG to have ever released, it does offer quite a bit in way of concept, story, and combat. I'll start with the best things Bound By Flame has to offer.-VisualsThe visual aspect fo the game is actually quite nice in most cases, with strong dynamic lighting, beautiful level designs, and an immersive world. Aside from a few muddy textures, almost everything in the game looks nice. I personally didn;t notice any clipping, flickering, or major flaws with the graphical aspect of this game.-CraftingHaving the ability to craft crossbow bolts, health and mana potions, and even explosive traps and bombs on the fly is a welcome addition to the solid gameplay. Having the ability to also customize your armor and weapons by adding specific stat bonuses is also a nice touch, and helps ensure the feeling of becoming more powerful, because who doesn't love adding spiked shoulder guards and tassets for health and armor bonuses while looking awesome at the same time?-GearThat brings me to my next point. The gear looks fantastic. Swords, axes, and hammers look hefty and deadly, and can be altered through upgrading to look even more powerful and menacing. Armor can also transform the way your character looks (and plays) depending on the stats you want to cultivate. Simply put, the armor and weapons are great for folks who enjoy a bit of customization.-CombatI understand some people (you know who you are) are having ""trouble"" with the combat in this game. While there are a few flaws in the design, it's not often that I actually feel the need to learn efficent strategies for dealing with particular enemy types in games like this. Most games have you facing the same enemies with little variation, and thus little variety in strategy. This is not a game where spamming 1 button will get you through to the end. The combat requires quick reactions, planning, strategy, and swift execution, and can often times be simplified by sneaking and assassinating a hardened target early before facing numerous tough foes.The game allows for ranged attacks by way of magic spells or firing a crossbow, as well as swift and deadly attacks with daggers, or slow and heavy blows with a large sword, axe, or hammer. It's important to understand each weapon type and which weapons are the most effective on enemy types. If you wade into a conflict aimlessly swinging your sword around in hopes of mindless slaughter, it will be YOU who gets slaughtered. This is not casual combat for the beginner, and does require skill and timing to maximize your own effectiveness.-Music/SoundThe music and sound of the game are pretty impressive, all things considered, and I found myself immersed in the hauntingly beautiful melodies that gently flow while I explore a frozen wasteland or a dark cave. The music is a VERY strong point for this game.Now lets talk about the flaws with the game.-Dialogue/Lip SyncMost of the dialogue is engaging, and decent enough, but there are times when the voice acting is sub-par, and many times when the spoken dialogue does not match up well with the movements of a character's mouth. If you are a fan of localized JRPGS, this won't bother you very much. If, however, you are accustomed to spot on voice performances and mouth syncing, you may be a little unnerved by the flaws.There is also character dialogue that seems to be done by unprofessionals, ""Sybil and Buffalo"" and while there aren't many characters who sound aloof and terrible, those two are essentially the only ones that got under my skin. Even with the needless cursing at times, most of the other dialogue and characters seemed spot on.-Hitboxes (Combat)While the combat can be fun (or frustrating), there is a noticeable difference between visual representations of enemies and their actual ""hit boxes"" as in the actual ""reach"" of an enemy may be farther or closer than their actual attack seems to hit. This is a minor flaw at worst, considering that after your first few fights, you will grow accustomed to the distance necessary when combating certain enemies. The ""lack of dodge rolling"" is even less of a flaw considering that each weapon set (Daggers/Sword) uses a different system for defense. Using a sword grants the ability to parry almost any attack, and if timed properly allows for a devastating counter attack that can send an enemy reeling, allowing for follow up attacks.Using daggers allows for a backward leap, essentially dodging all incoming damage and if timed properly also results in a devastating counter attack and follow up. There is also a skill in the Ranger tree that once unlocked allows you to sprint during combat, making quick break-aways easier. A good strategy to distance yourself from a pack of powerful enemies is to lay an explosive trap in their oncoming path, then sprint away, breaking line of sight and returning to a stealth stance. This allows for area damage, knocking the enemies back, and allowing you the oppurtunity to instantly kill or seriously injure an unsuspecting enemy from stealth.So while the hitboxes may not always be indicative of the actual hit range of an enemy, there are plenty of counter measures to level the playing field and ensure you aren't falling victim to ""phantom swipes"".This game is by no means comparable to other triple A titles of the same genre, but if you are looking for an enjoyable, action based RPG, this is a good choice. While it doesn't stray far from the genre basics, most of what the game does, it does quite well. This game was developed with a fraction of the budget that most other games of this calibur are allowed, and the level quality is quite surprising, coming from a small studio like Spiders.I do not regret giving this game a chance, and would recommend it to any hardcore RPG enthusiast, but this game is not for the casual gamer. This isn't a Dark Souls game by any means, but if you aren't familiar with concepts like strategy, planning, and adaptation, you will come away from this experience sorely dissapointed due to repeated failure."
76561198091717200,Not Recommended,243930,10080294,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,DeadGamer,"The story is well and good and all but the gameplay and voice animations are off. Seems that unless you duck and parrry after every other attack then youll be surrounded and killed in no time. Good idea, crappy execution."
76561198077177068,Recommended,243930,10102258,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Dunban,"Bound by Flames: The Game Where the Choices Don't Matter and the Crafting is InsaneHello, my name is Dunban Nymeia and I'm giving Bound by Flame a 7.5 out of 10 n__nThis game honestly was a breath of fresh air. With RPGs published this month including the beautifully elegant Child of Light and the somewhat comical Stick of Truth, Bound by Flame was refreshingly dark and serious in comparison, lending to it the sense of struggle and desperation that the story strives for. The level of character development and interaction left me wanting to explore all of the dialogue options simply to learn more about the detailed world of Vertiel. Considerable thought went into building up the lore behind the game and it did not go unnoticed.The voice acting I found to be a bit inconsistent though. With some characters being splendidly well done, others were seriously comical in how terrible their delivery was. With an extremely limited character creation (male and female models, a couple of cosmetic mods like skin tone, hair, tattoos/scars), a story that was paradoxical at times and personal choices having a minimal impact on where the story goes with itself (it truly does affect how you approach combat late game however!!!), this western RPG loses some of its strongest selling points as an RPG that offers player diverse and customizable experiences. The decisions do radically affect the relationship with your companions, but aside from that, much of the game remains similar.The combat was a bit odd in my opinion though, as with my high-end computer, I found a 0.5 second lag between button press and Vulcan's actions. But, by the 3rd hour, I was used to this (unintentional??) timing and combat was truly enjoyable. Thinking ahead and paying attention to the enemies' attack patterns and proper positioning are key, as more often then naught, you will be caught in a brawl within a tight area not allowing much breathing room and every move could bring victory or defeat. Being able to switch freely between Ranger style and Warrior styles on the fly was a neat trick, allowing for multiple approaches on combat, but I found myself mostly sticking to my powerful main weapons such as swords or battle-axes over my knives. I could definitely have used my knives (just getting used to timing the dodge-counterattack-ripost with the aforementioned lag issue), but I just found it quicker to slash with my weapon, interrupt the enemy's action and take victory for myself by counterattacking everything thrown my way with critical strikes. The only instances I used the Knives was to clean up a few trash mobs and quickly deplete a single enemy to zero health. In mobs of varying class (spewers, archers, shield corpses, heavy weapon skeletons), the Warrior's 360 degree parry ability (must be upgraded from simply parrying from the front) truly was a god send as you're being bombarded from all around and the effectiveness of the Ranger's dodge (a jump to directly behind you) was hurt by the tight area of combat that game seems to enjoy throwing you into.And with this, it can be said that all the companions were very useful. On the lower and normal difficulties, the companions you chose can be left to act based on their programmed AI and would actually put up a decent fight. And depending on who you brought, they could make or break the fight by acting as a distraction while you heal or by attacking from afar dealing damage or debuffs or both. However, on the higher difficulties, the companies become noticeably squishier and you must constantly adjust their roles (Autonomous, Survive/Defend, Aggressive Attack, Focus Special) from the tactical menus if you hope for them to survive the skirmish and lend a hand.The strongest aspect throughout this entire experience though has to be the crafting system though. While crafting and modifying things on the fly in the middle of combat may seem a tad bit broken, it truly offers innumerable ways to approach a situation. Find yourself being destroyed by a melee juggernaut? recycle or craft the ingredient to upgrade your gear to focus on physical protection. Need to protect against an onslaught of Magic and Poison? do your best to rebalance your gear with what supplies you have on hand.With gold being truly hard to come by and merchants selling at exorbitant prices, you must choose between sacrificing gold for basic ingredients to craft immediately for the situation or bide your time to get that awesome piece of gear. All this to say that the crafting was not game breaking, but actuallyanother aspect of the games tactical nature in and outside of combat.Finally,while the game looks absolutely splendid on the higher settings on PC, sometimes the several bugs I encountered ruined the moment by distorting the placement of character models and messing with the dialogue audio, ruining the mood and the cutscene altogether.On multiple instances, I simply reloaded an auto-save to simply rewatch the same cutscene with no bugs present. The fact that I was faced with any bugs altogether seems to be a dose of bad luck, which plays to the games disadvantage because if these bugs are not consistent in their appearance across multiple copies of the game, then no patches will be released in order to address these serious impediments to the flow and progression to the story.Hope you enjoyed this review and I'll see you next time!Good Game & Have Fun,Dunban signing out"
76561198036094854,Not Recommended,243930,10681849,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,robmitch13,"Truly terrible. Made in 2014, but the original Witcher has better graphics. Combat is a straight rip from the witcher series, and enemy design is just a Dark Souls redub. Don't waste your money, wait till this game goes on sale 2 years from now and pick it up for what its worth: $5. If you don't get it now, trust me, you aren't missing out."
,Not Recommended,243930,10089238,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,SpyciGinja,"This is by far one of the worst Action-RPGs I have ever played. What they do get right - combat, story, mechanics, etc. - are done better in other games, even such indie games as Divinity 2: Ego Draconis. Most enemies are simply Dark Souls 1&2 failures and their strategies are similar and yet simplified. You will see the same enemies nearly throughout the game, so those early undead you fought before be prepared as they rarely change as the game progresses.So much more is wrong, one being a detestable protagonist, and very little is done right. This feels to be a poor hybrid of The Witcher, Dark Souls, and Kingdoms of Amalur. I regret spending money for this travesty as it is worth only half its cost, if that. Avoid this game unless you find it for sale, at least 50% off, and you have played just about every other Action-RPG to date. In a long list of single descriptive words, ""atrocious"" is a good start for this game."
,Recommended,243930,10664665,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Draegar,"I really enjoyed this game. Sure, its a bit rough around the edges but the story is great, it has a good pace and the combat/skill system feels good. The interactions with your companions and the world were well written and the soundtrack is fantastic. For a small studio like Spider I am impressed.I wished the story would be a bit longer, but all in all I can recommend this game if you like single player (Action-)RPG´s like Mass-Effect or The Witcher with a good story, companions and decisions that have an impact on the storyline. :)"
,Not Recommended,243930,10061566,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,HenryHD,"Don't buy this game, It is short as♥♥♥♥♥♥and the easyest difficulty should be the hardest."
76561198027014337,Recommended,243930,10066610,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Apocalypse,"This was a very awesome game, it does however need some patching as there are a few voice over issues clashing with sub titles, the combat is quite fluid and the story is very different to what is out there at the moment. There are also a few glitches with a few quest and map markers for quests. 7 out of 10."
76561198089529635,Not Recommended,243930,10075350,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Derp,"I will make this short. This game is no where near worth 40 dollars. You either have to be a master at parrying or you have no chance in this game. The combat control is not good at all. When using daggers, you can only dodge backwards. Thats it..only backwards. If you're being attacked by ranged and close quarters simultaneously, you are more or less done for considering you will be doing nothing but backwards dodging. If you travel far enough away from where the enemies first were encountered, they will return to their original spots with full health. The voice acting is terrible. Also I want to note that anyone wanting to play this game should be prepared to be beat down in a corner constantly. I expected strategic combat like the trailers promised, and instead I received a button mashing circus. Oh....and the camera sucks too."
,Recommended,243930,10066282,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,CombatCasualty,"I'm a disabled combat Veteran and do nothing but play games. Bound by Flame is easily one of the smartest purchases I've made in a long time. The price would be fair at $60 but for $33 it was a steal. I actually feel guilty. I would recommend this game to fans of Dragon Age; Dark Souls; The Witcher; Dragon's Dogma, not because it is similar but because the strengths of those games are represented here. Anyone who appreciated those games should appreciate this one but make no mistake.. Bound by Flame is it's own game. It clearly deserves to stand on it's own merit as an excellent acheivement for the developer and an incredible experience for the fans.The game looks amazing, the combat is challenging but feels incredible and is wonderfully rewarding when done correctly. The dodge and parry mechanics when timed right are extremely gratifying. At higher difficulties it is essential to learn the mechanics and timing and use all the tools provided in combat. The environments aren't completely open but rather blocks of area's with various paths similar to dragon age 2. There are many quests to complete at each stage before moving on to the next and the story quests definitely feel like they affect your path. Anyone who would rather avoid all story will still get something out of this game although I feel they are doing themselves a disservice. It's not often that I make a point in games to read every last conversation option with every character I come across but I find the story is held back enough to keep me interested in discovering the mystery from all these unadvertised points of view and insights from characters all over the world. The voice acting is done well enough not to break the immersion and voices and accents vary enough to keep it interesting. I can safely say I will playthrough this game again as soon as this play is complete to discover the other branches of the options and choices I made. There is enough of a crafting system to feel like it's making a difference with plenty of gear and options to suit any playstyle. The 3 character skill trees are warrior (sword), ranger (daggers) and magic which works in tandem the others along with a passive bonus portion with separate points. You switch on the fly between sword and dagger styles, but magic is always available and used for enchanting your current weapon, used defensively or for ranged attacks. The sword is more blocking and parrying while the daggers are faster and involve dodging. Neither is better, both feel good and have strengths for certain enemies and conditions. There is an exploration and collection element as many items can be found and most of which can be upgraded using the different items found around the world in hidden chests and as drops. There are also companions that you meet and unlock over your journey that can be selected to accompany you on your quests from the local hub. The full compliment is there (if you don't have them killed when you meet them) bow ranged, magic ranged, magic healer, tank, etc. All with different and unique personalities and opinions and they all have multiple conversation options. For me the combat feels alot like the DS series but easier in the sense that there is no endurance so blocking and parrying are required to win but cost nothing and can be used often. Although a mistake can be just as costly especially with multiple enemies; missing a parry can open you up to a chain of attacks that finish you. Each enemy is difficult until attack patterns are learned and you can judge how and when to block, parry and dodge the different attacks. Potions for health and magic as well as traps and crossbow bolts can be crafted on the fly with items found and dropped and all remain useful well in to the game.I cannot attest to the length of the game but it is rare that I am afraid of getting to the end. I'm having that much fun with it.   As for the budget and the studio's experience... I don't care. Don't insult yourself by considering any of that♥♥♥♥♥♥ This is a solid game I would be happy to have paid much more to play and I'm somewhat upset that I didn't. These are the people that deserve my money so they can fund their next incredible project, not just pay for the costs of this one. It may not be your favorite game of the year but anyone who gives it a real shot will have to admit it's definitely of a higher quality and substance than most RPG's released with this little marketing and at such a low price point and is a positive adition to any collection."
76561198000365424,Not Recommended,243930,10079969,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Rensin Redjaw,"Fun, but not worth the pricetag.  I regret buying this at 40 bucks, because it feels more like a game that's in Alpha or Beta.  It has it's positives---the game is very pretty, and the enemies look neat.  The armor and weapon creation/crafting is an interesting system, however, in the long run it ultimately feels useless as the challenge curve no matter what difficulty you choose varies too often.  It goes from being either -too- easy to overwhemlingly difficult on the fly.  Not unbeatable or broken, just something that isn't consistant in difficulty.The biggest drawback is the story.  Boy, I'd be lying if I said this wasn't almost -exactly- like Dragon Age: Origins.  Undead monsters?  Check.  You being the last hope for humanity from the undead Horde?  Check.  Sexy witch woman who speaks with a British accent, shows a lotta boob, and also wants to toy with you/use you for sex?  Check and double check.  The story, while not exactly the same, is a lot like a poorly executed Dragon Age.  Difference is?  The voice acting is -awful-, and your character comes off as completely unlikeable.  Think the dialog trees in ME3 are bad and don't say what you want to say?  Try it on for size when you select an option and your characters says ""I just killed a ♥♥♥♥ing big monster, shouldn't I get praise?"" Like a whiney teenager looking for a pat on the back for cleaning their room.Basically, the only thing that makes you come off as a ""Badass"" is your ""skill"" in the game, but your dialog is pathetic and you come off as a dumb jerk.Oh!  And being a badass through your skill?  That's not that big of a deal either.  The combat is pretty bad, and clunky.  Something that could have been condensed to a few controls is mapped out over various different ones, and comes out as a mess in the long run.  It's as if they intended for you to be able to change your style on the fly, but forgot in order to do so you shouldn't have to switch between what buttons you use for a majority of these ""stances"".  Aiming is also a joke, and half the time you forget things that might be useful, because there's -so many- things you ""can"" do that don't seem important.Unpolished is the overall way to describe it.  Fun?  Certainly.  Worth 40 bucks?  Not at all.Edit:  Oh! And I forgot. The customization? It's limited to around four to five faces and hairstyles per gender. Beyond that, there really isn't any customization, and is very unimpressive. The armor and weapons, yes, but your character overall doesn't feel unique. Don't sell yourself on this if you enjoy heavy customization, because there's definately better."
,Not Recommended,243930,10533784,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Dacra,"I loved the game! no really I had a great time playing it. It had a great story, amazing battle mechanics and pretty nice graphics. though it was way to short! really just way to short. I honestly would not have payed 40 euros for the game now that I know what these 40 euros would get me."
,Recommended,243930,10164289,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,~♥Lewy♥~,"A nice game though it does have some flaws. For me I kind of prefered Mars War logs which was the previous game made by the same company using the same ideas. The game is played out a bit like Witcher 2 though this is much smaller and less depth....but the crafting system isnt bad except for the re-used armor designs where some early armor looks the same as a high-tier armor later on (there isnt alot of armor sets in the game) However there are alot of weapons and each one is named so they sound and look very unique. One problem I have with the game is how boring combat can be later on in the game where the larger enemies spam area of effect attacks which you have to dodge which at ""one stab and dodge/parry at a time"" can make it feel boring so I had to turn down the difficulty to get though it faster. In attidion enemies can sometimes ""stack up"" in one spot and all attack you which makes it a real pain because its hard to get one hit off without reciving 3 hits back...and trying to spread them out isnt going to help D:  On and I forgot to mention the undead with 2 shield.....oh god these are so anoying if you dont put points into ""critical knockdown"" kick attack as they are invincivle and have too much health unless you like doing that ""one stab and dodge/parry at a time"" trick or get lucky after 50 or so hits when the shield breaks....seriously its anoying to see these guy and worse if you see them hanging around some other big guys (tip: just run past them solves everything). Anyway I still enjoyed this game but I havnt yet played with the diffrent story-changing choices you have to make mid-game. I recommend getting it a little cheaper later on though."
76561198096736002,Recommended,243930,10057696,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,SMGVirus,A couple hours into the game and thus far i really like it. The only real downfall to the game is that its very linear as far as game play not a whole lot of places to explore your set on a path for the most part with small parts of open space to explore at least so far into the game. But the the large scale bosses make the game great and you can build up your warrior how you see fit and the acting in the game is better then a lot of Action/RPG's i've played. The graphics are pretty good having you kinda take in the sites as you progress through the game. The controller support is good and responsive. I give this game a thumbs up and highly recommend for someone who likes the Action/RPG's.
,Not Recommended,243930,10061610,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,COinOPtranSplant,I CANNOT WRITE HOW FRUSTRATINGLY BAD THIS GAME IS AND I HAVE ONLY SPENT AN HOUR ON IT.
,Not Recommended,243930,11130330,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Ðel,"allows you to level up whatever type of class you want to really play, and then slaps you over the face and goes NO! your totally useless with that class @ the end(unless you went completely fire shiz) LOL"
,Recommended,243930,26073660,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,vex,"First off, my actual game time is about half what's listed here (left it on while afk etc.) and even then that encompasses one   complete and one ~90% playthroughs.This game is the definition of mediocre. Like most people have said, it's needlessly, frustratingly difficult. I am a big fan of the Souls games. As such, I really enjoy challenge when it's well-executed. This is not one of those games. The difficulty springs from a number of poor design choices and the AI relies heavily on unblockable, hard-to-dodge knockdown attacks. The result is a lot of stunlocking and unescapable game over screens.Other pain points:- Not a great storyline overall. Sort of like a poor man's Dragon Age or Witcher meets Game of Thrones- Pointless vulgarity in the dialog to spice things up, but it mostly just sounds unwieldy and out of place- Voice acting for the most part is pretty bad- The few interesting characters (Mathras mostly) don't develop much further than their initial concept. Other less memorable characters (Sybil, Ranval) have way too much dialog/sidequests- The skill trees are wildly out-of-balance. Ranger is next to useless once you're out of stealth mode, warrior is meh, and pyromancy is god- Traps and crossbows don't evolve much from the beginning of the game and become pretty ineffective by the end- The only difference between difficulty ratings is enemy hp & damage, making Captain more tedious than actually harder- The last boss is just plain stupid. I'm glad I switched to Recruit in the area before because Captain was too grindy- Like most BioWare games, the ending still comes down to a dialog decision that doesn't take into account anything you did before that moment- Areas have 0 verticality and just feel like corridors between encounter roomsNow that we're through with that...the good stuff.- Visually not awful for a game released in 2012- Crafting system is well-implemented if a bit simple. Keeps you rom being overly dependent on stores/runs back to town- The demonic transformation is actually well-handled and tastefully done. Characters react to your changing appearance, you become obviously more powerful the more you embrace the demon. Though I wonder how much more tedious the game would be if you resisted it, since the buffs it gives pyromancy makes the game bearable- There are moments where I really felt like there were no good choices and that  my choices DID make a difference (despite it being overruled by the blah ending as noted above)- The weapons and some of the armor pieces look pretty cool- Some of the characters are well-executed. While Edwen is pretty cliche (and clearly influenced by Morganna from Dragon Age), her dialog is mostly well-written and acted. Mathras is another standout character that I wish there was more developmentOverall, get it on sale. Spend a couple days on it then uninstall it and never play it again. Also, unless you're trying to get 100% achievement with it, don't bother with any difficulty setting other than Recruit. Otherwise you're just wasting time."
76561198018235787,Recommended,243930,23433887,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,LVMADDOC,"I enjoyed this game! Finished in 21.7h.Interesting storyline, by my opinion, I also liked the skill lines (especially pyromancy), monsters (all kinds of creatures), allies, controls (had no problems with them)...Soundtracks where great ; decent graphics, good crafting system, that is quite easy and really useful...What can I say:I do recommend this game (especially when it is on sale)!"
76561197969417125,Recommended,243930,10947953,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,G00N3R,"Deciding whether or not to buy Bound By Flame was a difficult choice. I'm a huge RPG fan, but the reviews that I read, both from professional sites and other steam users, were very mixed. Ultimately I decided to take a gamble, and thankfully I was rewarded with a game that, although flawed, is very enjoyable.The player character is Vulcan (who can be male or female), a mercenary hired to help a group of mages and Elves save the world of Vertiel from the powerful Ice Lords, and their army of undead. You've also been possessed by a fire demon.The story is entertaining but linear. You do get to make a few quest choices, but I'm not sure if your decisions actually change anything. On at least one occasion, I chose one action, only to be forced into the other action anyway. You aren't always in control of Vulcan's dialogue/personality, which can be disappointing ... I prefer *MY* character to treat people with more respect than Vulcan does. But the other characters are interesting and voice acting is quite good, however the lip syncing is poor.Combat is a similar style to the Witcher. You have two different melee styles - strong/slow or weak/fast, plus fire based offensive magic. Enemies hit hard, so there is a strong emphasis on avoiding their attacks, either by blocking or dodging, and then choosing the right moment to make your own attacks. What I really liked about the combat is there aren't any flashing icons to tell you when an enemy will attack. You have to watch their animations, for example the way they raise their sword before swinging, which feels immersive.You only have direct control of Vulcan, but can bring one companion. There are six to choose from, specialising in either melee, ranged or magic, and you can tell them whether to have an offensive or defensive style. Don't expect them to help much though. They can't die, but they get incapacitated quickly. At least they can distract enemies for a while.You can find or buy better weapons and armour, and there is also a pretty good crafting system that lets you upgrade weapons/armour to do more damage, provide fire/ice/poison resistance, or grant health/magic regeneration. You can also choose how to spread level up points between the combat styles, but you can't customise your companion's gear or level up their abilities.Level design is quite linear, not much room for exploration, but there are a decent number of side quests. It took me 17 hours to finish the game, and I think I completed the majority of quests. Control scheme works quite well with mouse and keyboard. There are some bugs, nothing game breaking, just silly things like companions getting stuck on walls (run back to their location and they should free themselves). Otherwise the technical performance was fine, even on my old GeForce GTX 580. And the music is very appropriate for the fantasy setting.Overall, Bound By Flame isn't as polished as more high profile RPGs like Dragon Age, Skyrim and the Witcher ... but lets be honest, if you're a fan of RPGs you've already played all the best ones. If you're looking for a fresh adventure, Bound By Flame is definitely worth checking out."
,Recommended,243930,12429709,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Sandcrawler,"Firstly I have recorded the entirity of my first playthough for youtube, the playlist is here:https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLNzEgKaq7dj7x1jZM4PGdtgljJ2f84KmxMy decision to play this game was to compare Mars War Logs and Bound by Flames. Because just look at them they are so much alike as far as how they play and to a degree the story.Pros:- Visuals are nice.- Characters for the most part are well designed and though out.- The story is interesting up until the ending.- The dialouge and voice acting is for the most part good.Cons:- Ending is odd, something of a cop out from making the rest of the game.- Doesn't feel like you have much of a choice between embrassing the demon or using him up until the end.- Try to feel open world but the enviroments are not large enough to accomplish it.- The content snowballs, from spending a decent amount of time in the initial zones, to rushing through the last two zones.- Combat can be very frusterating, for all the wrong reasons. Most fights of any notability are just a matter of mashing the right button, doesn't so much feel like you are doging attacks or making a strategic decision.- Out of place feeling when the character are using curse words, it just doesn't feel like it fits, to modern for the setting of the game.Other Thoughs:- There are some bugs and oddities in the game. Sometimes the voice actor say one thing, but the subtitles say another.- Some character you never feel as though you know or care about.Overall I would recommend the game. Its not going to be the best that you have ever played, but it is decently fun and entertaining. After all that is the reason we play video games."
76561198060888598,Recommended,243930,14364180,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Rokettship,"A really charming and enjoyable game. Combat is fun once you get uaccustomed to it and the characters are delightful if not a little cliche. Developers obviously put heart into makin the this game. It doesn't bring anything new to the RPG genre and some of the voice actors are lacking, but over all I'd give it 4/5 hot peppers."
,Recommended,243930,15438422,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Ditendra,"Not a bad game, but ending is stupidly hard."
,Not Recommended,243930,11026864,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Samet Ölçer,quite bad. dont buy. combat is bad. movement is sketchy as all hell. no real attacks that hurt as much as the enemy. piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game. wasted money.
76561197985970667,Not Recommended,243930,11054143,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,DarkJ-Freak,a broken game really
76561198113014119,Recommended,243930,30072492,Posted: 20 February,all,Shadow Ops,"Bound By Flamefast game with modern day graphics with easy controls that moves from location A to B to C and so on,good amount of action and special effects,good game."
,Not Recommended,243930,33663384,Posted: 19 July,all,Taj the King,"Not Worth It!I tried my best very best to love this game how ever, I simply cannot give it a blind eye.This game isNo where nearwhat the trailers made it out to be. It has:Very Dull fighting.Crappy decisions. The only effect of decisions is to allow the demon to possess you which by the way has no significant impact on the gameplay or story.Not even 24 hours of gameplay on ""Hawk""/Normal difficulty.At some points of the game, lego graphics.The game has a very exciting and wonderful concept but the developers really couldn't deliver at all. It is sad that the only  things worth praising besides said concept are the soundtracks and loading screen art."
,Not Recommended,243930,13932120,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,<Monkey>Spraying,"Having just beaten it on recruit (easiest difficulty) I would say the gameplay is decent, but the story was short and unsatisfying. The combat was decent, you need to position yourself properly and time your dodges/blocks. I originally started on the normal difficulty and it was too difficult for me to dodge/parry 3-4 different mobs at the same time while trying to whittle down their hp, so I turned it down to easy. On easy, it was still a challenge, but a minor one. The primary issue I have with the combat is that going pyromancer doesn't seem viable until you get to late game. You will not have enough mana to kill all the mobs with spells for most of the game and you won't have the resources to keep getting mana pots. Leveling also doesn't seem to make you that much stronger. I seem to be fighting the same enemies from level 1-25, however the killing speed did not really increase by much.The story was ok. Some SPOILERS ahead, so read at your own risk. You only kill one of the 7 ice lords. You never even get to see the other ice lords. Also the final scene after you make your choice on what to do with the world, was extremely disappointing. You get to choose to either destroy the world or rule it. I chose to burn it with fire and destroy it, but all that happened was I absorbed the power of the world heart and then the credits. I wanted to at least see parts of the world burn or something.My biggest issue with the game was the final boss fight. Relative to all the fights before it, it was insanely difficult. I had no trouble beating the last few bosses with my daggers and dodging successfully most of the time. During the final fight, I had to switch to my crossbow and whittle the boss down from afar. You also do not have the option of leaving the area, so if you didnt have like 100+ crossbow bolts on hand or the materials to craft them you were basically screwed. Looking around on the internet, this seems to be a common problem. I was playing on Easy and his attacks did massive damage, while my fully upgraded flaming daggers barely scratched him. Add to this that his glowing daggers and the graphical effects sort of blur his dagger movements, it was very difficult for me to tell when he was going to attack. I tried about 3 times to kill him with my daggers before I gave up and just used my crossbow. Luckily I had a huge stockpile of materials to make 200 or so crossbow bolts and about 20 hp potions. I do not understand why their is such a disparity in the difficulty between this boss and all the others. I can understand if this occurred on the hardest difficulty or something, because beating him with melee on easy probably requires you to have the skills to be able to beat the game on hard. Therefore forcing a less competent player like me to use cheap ranged tactics.Overall the game is not terrible, but I definitely would not recommend it. The gameplay was decent but a little difficult for the average gamer. The story was decent, but I was left very unsatisfied. The last boss fight was horribly designed and there is a good chance it will cause you to ragequit.One particularly annoying issue that I forgot to mention. For whatever reason, when selling/crafting things, you cannot input the number that you want. You have to click the increase or decrease arrows. This was very frustrating when i I was trying to craft 100 bolts or sell my 400 raw metal pieces. If you just hold the increase button, it will very slowly increase one at a time. Not a big issue, but very annoying."
76561198001647356,Recommended,243930,29009112,Posted: 4 January,all,Morzhabyss,"Очень странная игра. Сделана довольно плохо, но прошёл с удовольствием. Графика так себе, но не раздражает. История неплохая, диалоги в целом развлекают, есть юмор. На чём конкретно держится аддиктивность игры не скажу, потому что при пристальном разглядывании ни один из аспектов игры не проработан откровенно хорошо. Но в сумме вовлекает, пройти дальше хочется, и в итоге проходишь. Порекомендую как странный экспириенс, мнение о котором лучше составить самому."
76561198052654433,Not Recommended,243930,10058981,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,AlbinoIguana,This game is full of great ideas but the cons definitly out weight the pros.Pros:-Pretty cool story-awesome weapon creation and customization-Enemies look really coolCons:-horrible voice acting (I either skipped most of it or cringed)-grahphics are just OK-combat system is awful
,Not Recommended,243930,10063981,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Darkarson,"Poor story, boring combat, I was hoping for a nice hard game with some customization to it but that isnt what i got. I finished the game and the story is lack luster at best, avoid unless you catch it on a sale for 5 bucks! GET DARK SOULS 2!"
,Recommended,243930,14297649,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,.TheHomefront,easy to handlenice graphicreally good soundBUY IT
76561198051725075,Recommended,243930,10054677,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,New Year New Me,Compare to dark souls bound by flame is easier which is good for a newcomer to adapt. Graphic looks amazing and music DANG GOOD !
,Recommended,243930,15473078,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,9S,"This game may be tough to play but u gonna love the story, music and the atmosphere."
76561197986172758,Recommended,243930,10055545,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Lillï,Nice game with a good story.Battlesystem can be a bit anoying and can't change the buttons.The graphics are good.
76561198005508541,Recommended,243930,12539441,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Killrac,"I wasn't sure about getting this game... mixed reviews, cinematics that look too good to reflect gameplay etc. but I wanted to give it a try as the concept intruiged me!Im about half-way through the game while im posting this and so far I think the game is both great and somewhat lacking in some respects. So lest start with the good points...1. The graphics are pretty good with creative environments and weather effects.2. A Good variety of armour looks and customising options3. cool mix of combat styles (setting your sword on fire always makes the arm hair stand on end!)4. Interesting storyline from what i've seen so far and the Daemon's dialogue I think is particularly well done.So those are just some of the things I quite like about this game so far, I hope these dont change for the worse!Now for my picky points which both frustrate and disappoint me...1. The laziness of animations - you enter a new area and think wow look at this scenery, then you see the 'frozen' character standing close by pretending to be doing something important of giving depth to the game. I think this is awful in terms of creating a believable environment and frankly is kinda of lazy. The least they could do is breathe even if the animation is poor.2. Combat - This is the first game i've come across where heavy weapons (2H) are completely useless and more often than not end up getting you killed! Clearly logic dictates that a two-handed sword does less damage than 2 small daggers... it does in this game anyway. If you want to focus on melee the only sensible option is to go for the rogue line, at least thats what seems to work for me. I find the boss fights great personally but the frustration at times trying to avoid an aoe from out of nowhere makes you want to cry.3. Companions - the only real use ive found for them is being bait for enemies as most of the time the damage they do is woefully inadequate... the boss fights are more comic than anything watching them attempt to block a knock-down strike!This is still a game I'd recommend for people to try though, maybe not at its full price though.7/10"
76561198008484276,Recommended,243930,10059746,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Kerpsteen,"This game has really challenging Fights and Bossfights that could have come straight out of the dark souls series. Bosses may be the icing but Fights against normal enemies arent a walk in the park either. The Crafting and Weapon-customization is well done and not to difficult, while still being complex. Dialogs may seem static, but they are well writen and quite funny at times.Although Graphics and animations arent mindblowingly amazing they are not bad either.So in summary:+ difficult but fair Combat+ really good Bossfights+ usefull Customization+ entertaining Dialogs+ good (but not superb) visuals- combat animations arent that good- not really innovativeA grear game i could recommend to someone who seeks a challenging game."
76561198054972775,Recommended,243930,10056130,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,yoblazes,"I absolutley love this game. The story is great so far, so much action and the fighting physics in this game are amazing. This is a 60 dollar game for half the price, anybody who loves rpg's and can appreciate a great backstory will love this game 5 out of 5 stars"
,Not Recommended,243930,30060003,Posted: 20 February,all,[A$AP] Cool Cat,"A fun ARPG with a pretty average story. Pretty fun for what it is, however the final boss breaks the game to the point where you shouldn't even bother starting it. If you don't have enough health potions, gold etc. for the final boss before you enter, you are stuck and can not beat the game without bashing your head against the brick wall known as the final boss for hours. Don't even bother getting this game, the very average journey is not worth it to not finish the game because of an unbalanced broken final boss."
,Not Recommended,243930,19498982,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,OM|KRS,love the soundtracks.I couldn't like the game.the combat system very bad!
,Recommended,243930,12458586,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Fragthekitten,"A solid middle market game. As someone who went into this game with zero expectations and prior knowledge (and a price tag of $20.00), I was very suprised at how pleasant of an experience this was. The budget was *clearly* small, as illustrated by the production values. But even with that, they've managed to have a great and varied crafting system, a unique soundtrack, and a 'Witcher meets Baldur's Gate' inspired combat that's rewarding in its own way. I'll mirror other complaints about the horrible voice acting and script, but it's far from stopping this game from being enjoyable.I will say, keep a few things in mine; the game is short, pick it up when it drops below $20. The final boss is a dozzy, so do not go into it without 100s of potions."
,Recommended,243930,12587012,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Skolia,"Another interesting but flawed RPG from Spiders.Overall I would say I enjoyed it, at the same time I think the price point should be $19.95 or below."
,Not Recommended,243930,15529586,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,dot (.)_(.),"bad combat style , you cannot make your own combo at allbad storylinebad skilltreeyour enemies are always stronger than you , you will be dead if you withstand 4-5 blow from your enemiesthe ending is so dissapointed . overall i didn't recommended this gamei won't buy it if it wasn;t on discount"
,Not Recommended,243930,10064027,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Neil,"A quick hint of honesty...Although I've not played it that much the controls are very very broken (and I've played Risen on a console and liked it!)  It's just far to slow to react to blocking, allowing the enemies to hit you, when 2 or more enemies you're pretty much screwed as they will contantly attack you.  Even the normal controls out of combat feel broken and like you're trying to drive a 3 wheel car, there's no fluidity just feels jaged, even when sucessful in combat something just doesn't feel rightMust say I expected FAR more from this... There's also something about the atmosphere that feels unfinished.  I hope they improve this game as it's my favourite genre, just fed of of the mediocrity, doubt there will be any playability imporvements though"
,Recommended,243930,10057168,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,SpriggsyUK,"it's good enough to run through, put the hours into play it then forget about it. It's like that book you read on an 8 hour flight."
,Recommended,243930,10062688,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,mfw all games are on this acc,THERE ARE SEX JOKESand the combat is amazing
76561198110709751,Recommended,243930,15748387,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,MrWintersGreen,"I swear to all the gods, just go rogue. This game is fun, but o lord get ready for the abuse. I bring a tub of vaseline to prepare myself for the fights, and also a nice cushion to sit on afterwards. This game is a 8/10 for me, I would purchase this any day, if it were to be on a discount of course."
,Recommended,243930,15803386,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Irx,"Too lazy to write a real review, posting this to help the game's score since it deserves better, read any of the positive reviews if interested.I'll just say the game is fun enough which is all that matters, just wish the devs get better funding next time.7/10."
,Not Recommended,243930,25448019,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Tarradax,"I really wanted to like this game. I really did. The mixed and negative reviews kept me from buying it until now - and I kinda wish I still didn't.The voice acting is awful. Really really bad. Dubbed-over Bruce Lee movie bad. The combat controls are likewise clunky and awful and nowhere near where they should be (I played with a controller, I imagine KB/M would be even worse). The ""Follower"" AI is an atrocity of unimaginable proportions.It's a shame, too, because despite it all the story seems interesting and the game world seems like a lot of fun. But even at an -80% discount (That is, $6) I feel like this is still a refund waiting to happen. So sad."
,Recommended,243930,16252333,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Rob'sEvilTwin,"Good combat, grimdark fantasy setting, occassional WTF moments in the story. Did I mention good combat ?Yes it is hard, maybe even unforgiving. Maybe the game will keep kicking your♥♥♥♥♥♥until you remember ""Hang on, I can make land mines"""
,Not Recommended,243930,11526808,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Rptr04,"I really wanted to like this game. Honestly, what drew me to it was the art style, the premise and the creatures. While, the story may sound very similar to a lot of other medieval universes out there - what sword and shield stories aren't at this point? I struggled to get more than an hour of playtime in this. Here I am now at 65 minutes and I have a headache from the tedious, clunky and completely unengaging gameplay that is Bound By Flame. The dialogue is atrocious as it seems to have been written by a middle school english student. Whatever good story there could have been is completely ruined by the game's presentation and character dialogue. It just gave me a bad headache simply listening to it. On that same note, shouldn't it be against game standards in 2014 to have lyp syncing be completely ( I do mean completely) off sync with the words? Wow.Despite all of that I figured the combat could at least be fun because that's what really drew my eye. Nope. It's clunky, tedious, reptitive and just plain boring. There's a huge difference between watching gameplay videos on youtube where I thought it looked fun and just playing it yourself. The areas in which you fight are very narrow and constricted leaving little room to maneavur. The stealth system might as well be non existant as it simply consists of crouch, get behind enemy, get 30% damage boost. Done. Good luck with that with the extremely linear levels you traverse.And finally... this game does not play like a traditional RPG. It is more along the lines of an action game like god of war with a bit more indepth traditional role playing game traits. I mean... I found leather pieces until a pile of pebbles next to the lake. How does that make any sense? Or better yet I looted it off an armorless opponent. It almost feels instanced. Do some easy, minor and basic objective. Reach door. Load screen. Next linear pathway to box, door or creature to kill. Load Screen. Oh, by the way I've yet to see anyone actually step through a door let alone touch it before the load screen comes up.Maybe I'll edit this review if I manage the courage to give this game a second chance. I'm very disappointed."
76561198129970339,Recommended,243930,16101953,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Betzivan,"Bound by Flame is an amazing third person game witch keeps you awake in every battle ( it do for sure in the final battle). His ways to make you change the story is also amazing, the side quests are improving the story force to the player(me) and the gameplay is very good with that little RPG part with the equipment and skills. I give it a 10/10 because it make fell better than many other games do."
76561198110657040,Recommended,243930,10059074,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,OdinN7117,"If you are a fan of the Witcher and Dark Souls then Bound by Flame is the game you need to play and own. Even though the acting is not so great, It still tells a great non leinear story and the tactical combat just makes the game even better.I definitely recommend Bound by Flame (9.0 of 10)"
76561198109553978,Not Recommended,243930,11305412,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Robin,Lame game. Its laggy loading up. No solo game should lag on load up. Its keyboard for everything but attacks with the mouse. I dont like that. Make it all keyboard or all mouse... The combat is hack and slash. Once it loads the game runs fine. No lag or freezes or crashes. Its very wordy. You do alot of reading.  movement is rather linear. you have to go from point a to point b no exploring.....except in dungeons. Treasure Drops are about average.... The story is solid but the game is not.
76561198023806430,Not Recommended,243930,10090420,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Rick Santorum,"Wait for it to go on sale.This is basically a budget version of The Witcher, complete with a number of the frustrations from that title and more.It's not a *bad* game.  You might even find it fun.  I'm not saying it isn't reasonably enjoyable.The graphics are ok, just nothing to get excited over.But are plenty of bugs as well as a number of very frustrating mechanics that are just very, very poorly thought out.Oh...also the voice acting is somewhat inconsistent and the writing is 3rd rate and trope laden.Honestly, I'm not sure what I was expecting after Mars: War Logs.  The combat was mediocre, clumsy, and outdated in that game.  It's a bit smoother here, but what we have is a quantitative improvement in a bad design, when what was needed was a qualitative shift to something that well...doesn't kind of suck.This is a $10-15 dollar game with a $40 dollar price tag.  Need I say more?"
,Recommended,243930,13719027,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Maciej Medyk,"This game has been on my radar for some time. I was worried about difficulty of the game and the fact that reviews were not to optimistic; however, the game was not as difficult as I imagined and I was able to finish it quite quickly. Game story is great and the atmosphere of the game feels like combination of Risen or Witcher. There is no thievery mechanics but combat is quite nice especially as a ranger/pyromancer combo. The game is quite linear but it has tons of side quests to keep you occupied. I bought it on 75% sale at $9.99 and I can say it is worth every penny.Pros+ Great story+ Nice graphics+ Companion relationship development+ Combat+ Boss FightsCons- Linear- Short"
,Recommended,243930,14184276,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,jellis121,"I find myself coming back for more, not super deep easy to get into and understand. I have enjoyed it throughly so far."
,Not Recommended,243930,16898688,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Captain.Rex,"Good storyline but thats the only good thing really. Not a freeroam, not much equipment choice, graphics could be better, story really short, and the final bose almost impossible to kill so this is not worth your money at all. So all in all it is way to short"
,Not Recommended,243930,11672489,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Biznatch112,"this game is terribly short, and in certain places itr is ridiculously easy. i did one play through on normal mode and found it way too easy. the ""customisation"" that this game offers in the way of armors and whatnot is extremely limited and not anywhere near as large as advertised"
76561197989728689,Recommended,243930,24503925,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,[SA] ☣☠Bärsverker☠☣,"Well, I don't understand the bad ratings really...I really enjoy this game.It borrows alot from the Mass Effect series.It's kinda, Mass Effect but in Medieval time.You get the option to seduce either big♥♥♥♥♥♥or small♥♥♥♥♥♥(hohoho) ;-)The Game in total have 2 different paths to choose from.I will not spoil it.But one path leads to a RAMPAGING AMOUNT of Power!And the other one, you will stay as you are.Rampaging power path is the path of evil.And the other path is the path of good.Kinda like Mass Effect.Your actions in the game matter, your followers will be affected by the path you choose, and everyone around you.I absolutely adore this game.I recommend it, really I do."
,Not Recommended,243930,19536107,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Rinera,"It tries to be more than what it is and then falls on its face from the first minute.At the start you go through a cutscene of your character having a stupid monologue provided by the most boring voice you can imagine while fighting some undead, that it would have been a really nice tutorial but nah, boring cutscene.While that is going on, I couldn't help but notice the environment that I was in. It looks nothing like the screenshots. It was ugly and washed out. I am not sure if something was wrong with my game itself but too late to check now.After you get to talk to some people and notice how non-existant the lip syncing is and how the game would have been better WITHOUT those ""cinematic"" cutscenes. At least an option to turn them off or something and let the camera stay behind your character would have helped a great deal. Not having to see the akwardness would have worked. Funny thing is that when you talk to NPCs without cutscenes you see exactly that, the game been better.Then the combat starts... It's never a good sign when you want the combat of a game to end so you can do something else. It's stiff, boring and slow. No feeling of impact whatsoever. The enemies, even on the normal difficulty are annoyingly tough. Even Dark Souls got that part right, where only SOME enemies are tough, not all of them.I felt I had seen enough after that."
,Not Recommended,243930,24952331,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Skinny Penis,Its a good game with good grafic but it feels like the creator's just gave up at the combat system because its literal♥♥♥♥♥♥! Play another game if you don't want a hard challenge because I gave up on the second mission •-•
,Recommended,243930,17952769,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,DrBrogbo,"Recommendation - Worth a playthrough if you're a big fan of RPGs.Rating - 61/100The best way I can describe this game is rough around the edges. It looks like it's trying to copy Dark Souls, feels like it's trying to copy Kingdoms of Amalur, and sounds like it's trying to copy a 1st draft of some prequel to A Song of Ice and Fire. If you can ignore some fairly glaring flaws, there are a few things to love here, just don't go in expecting the best RPG you've ever played.In Bound by Flame (BBF) you are a member of a mercenary group protecting some scribes as they travel to complete a magic ritual. The ritual backfires, forcing a demon to share your body, and you are then tasked with travelling across the world to help stop an army of deadwalkers (think White Walkers from Game of Thrones) from taking over the world. The story is nothing ground-breaking, but it's interesting enough.To start with the things I liked, I found the graphics well-done (until you get right up next to certain things), the story was interesting (even if it was resolved poorly), I liked how the world was ostensibly linear with a bit of side-questing, the simple crafting system was very well-done, and the 1-on-1 combat was quite satisfying.Where I found this game to have failings were in the areas of dialog/acting, group combat, unlikeable characters, TERRIBLE final boss fight, and everyone in camp (including vendors) being completely useless.I have to start with the dialog and voice acting, because they are the crown jewels on the side-crapsalad that this game brings to the table. They are amazingly atrocious, and even though I was laughing at how so-bad-it's-good it was at first, it eventually fell through the floor into plain old inexcusably bad. The dialog sounds like it was written by an 11-year-old trying to be edgy, and the voice acting is so stilted, sloppy, uneven, and messy, that it sounds like it was recorded in a booth completely isolated from every single aspect of production. The cadence that the lines are delivered with makes no sense, and no conversation in the history of the universe would EVER flow the way some of them in this game do. I can't even remember how many times I said some variation of ""...are you serious?"" while listening to the dialog.It's trying far too hard to be edgy, too. I have no problem with profanity and sarcasm, when they fit in the context of the discussion. This game, however, seems to think that just randomly throwing in various adult words and giving everyone a bad attitude will make the dialog more adult-themed, too. Everyone (you included) is a sarcastic♥♥♥♥♥to everyone else. It's incredibly distracting, and given the wooden acting as well, the whole thing just seems childish. Moments that should be loaded with sad emotion fall completely flat, and moments of triumph or happiness are completely spoiled by poorly-acted sarcasm. It's worth mentioning that I played through with a female character, so maybe the male voice actor is better. Personally, I was rolling my eyes from literally line 1, and I actively disliked my own sarcastic jerk of a character and the condescending demon inside her the second they opened their mouths.While I did legitimately enjoy the one-on-one combat (dodging and parrying were very satisfying to pull off), group combat just ends up being a gigantic frustrating mess. The combat in this game is much more fast-paced than something like Dark Souls, so whereas you could get an attack off against a group of 3 enemies before having to block/dodge/retreat in DS, in BBF, 2 of those 3 enemies will already be swinging before you're even within striking distance, so dodge-dodge-dodge (which only works straight backwards, by the way). If you can peel enemies away from the group to fight them solo, then no problem, but if they refuse to unclump thanks to the cramped combat arenas, prepare for the fight to consist of 98% dodging. That is, unless you've been upgrading the magic, or have been building TONS of crossbow bolts. I didn't focus on those, so I can't say for sure. The un-upgraded magic is a joke and a half.Speaking of combat, the companions you can bring along are borderline useless, and the only purpose they serve is temporary meat shield. Plus, there are far too many of them to be able to form any actual attachment with over the course of this short game, so the only emotion you're likely to feel when they die (and they will) is annoyance at having even more enemies focused on you. They do have personal side quests and romance options, but everything is so brief and shoe-horned in that it feels completely meaningless.While we're on the topic of meaningless, a lot of the ""choices"" you can make in the game are the same way. It's classic Telltale syndrome: Making you think you're making meaningful choices, when in reality, the only things changing are superficial surface-level nonsense. Case in point, 2 companions are arguing over how to carry out the next step of the mission, with completely different and serious outcomes. One says do A, the other says do B. You choose to do A, the B-companion gets♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off and leaves, and you end up having to do both A and B anyway. The choice was never about any meaningful quests, or actions in the story, it was about which companion leaves the party, a consequence that really makes no difference whatsoever. The story unfolds the exact same either way. The only thing in the entire game that can really change (other than your looks and the sound of your voice) is the ending, based on whether you allowed the demon to take over or not. Don't worry, though, the ending is unsatisfying no matter what. Crap might be a better word.Good luck getting to the ending, though. The final fight is such a MASSIVELY drastic jump in difficulty that, according to Steam achievements, only half the people who beat the immediately-preceding boss ended up beating the final boss, and only half of THEM did it at anything but the lowest difficulty. It is a tedious, unrelenting slog of a fight against an impossibly-strong, test-of-patience of a boss. In the world of horrible final bosses, Bound by Flame is a strong contender for the heavyweight belt. God help you if you're a completionist who gets frustrated by difficulty spikes.Overall, this game was entertaining enough for me to play through to the end, but only just. If you can pick it up on a decent sale, and you're dying for a new story-driven RPG, it might be worth taking a look, but if you're like me and find it hard to overlook little things as they slowly pile up, well then you might want to put this down a bit lower on your priority list."
,Not Recommended,243930,10064769,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Bukkake Bonanza,"If you play a lot of RPGs you will find this one very lack luster. Combat is boring, slow paced and easy.  Voice acting is not the best and the game itself is not very original. Do I recommend it at full price right now? No. If its on sale for $10 or less, sure."
76561197961914449,Not Recommended,243930,15859241,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Quenchiest,"I've liked all of spider studios previous games and gave this one a chance despite so many negative reviews. Boy were they right. This game is so horribly balanced it's inexcusable. Spider's games have always been hard but fair, but this one doesn't feel right. Obtaining materials to upgrade your gear to decent levels takes a lot of grinding. You also feel incredibly weak throughout the entire game. You will need 10+ hits to kill enemies while they can kill you in 3-4. Not to mention multiple enemies can hit you at once to 1-shot you, and if you are not killed outright you are stunlocked. Conversely, you can be meleeing an archer in the face, while he still draws his bow and shoots you point blank without flinching."
76561198023390334,Not Recommended,243930,10104831,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Markonheim,"Great combat style and gameplay, but the whole story lasts for less than 10 hours, and the final cutscene lasts 10 seconds, a huge disapointment. Also there is almost no notable interactions with the characters and although there could have been 7 main bosses they went for just lord blackfrost because of an obvious lack of budget. Where are the other ice lords?"
76561198001773543,Not Recommended,243930,13974255,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,ryoha.san,"It's awfully that I can't skip dialog and script-scenes - I have to wait everytime when battle was wrong. Devs, it's  not good."
,Not Recommended,243930,21043203,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Kyugg,This game came out before steam would give refunds. ♥♥♥♥ing scam.
76561198083135891,Recommended,243930,19498138,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Spectral,"While playing the game i had a fly flying in my room. Paused the game grabbed a flyswatter, started fighting the fly while the game was paused but i could still hear the fighting music.  After 10 minutes i given up and came back to play the game. after 30 minutes of enjoying the game the fly appeared again. this time i crushed it using the swordskills i learned in the game. i wanted to use the fireball to but for an unknown reason i couldn't get it to work.10/10 best fly killer trainer.Ok now for the serious part of the review:This game feels like a combination between Dark Souls , Kingdoms of Amalur and The Witcher 1/2.This was an ambitious project, i didn't see such a game since Might And Magic Dark Messiah wich wasn't a success but was a game ahead of it's time. I'm amazed what Spider did with a limited budget.Pros:Good SoundtrackGood combatGoog controls(playing with controller)Good Crafting SystemGood StoryMany itemsMulltiple Choices that affect the game as much as you expectInteresting CharactersA game hard to forgetA true RPGUniqueYou're a DemonCons:-Some subtittles mistakes-happend only once but i saw one of my companions walking in air, like 30m high, had to go to a different area to make him come down on earth-Maps consists of corridors-Unexpected Death of Main Characters in the story.Edit:Just finished the game, took me 10 hours, did most of side quests. kinda short game but well worth it."
76561198118416869,Recommended,243930,16643397,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,pirr55,"I finished the game a while ago, and now I feel a need to write a review before uninstalling the game to free some space on my hard drive.So, where do I start... This game is: mostly interesting, quite challenging, varied, rewarding, somewhat annoying, nice-looking, not quite polished, stable, fairly repetitive.Story, atmosphere, charactersThe story was fine by me. The premise is fairly standard (the world that is being overwhelmed by the forces of evil, and you have to stop it - we saw it countless times), but the specifics (what kind of evil it is, and whyyou) are intriguing. There were a few twists in the story, but they didn't change the overall direction at all. There is the ""light path"" and the ""dark path"", but, as far as I understand, you'll do pretty much the same things during the game regardless of the path you take; this influences the ending, though.The characters were fine, as well. Not awfully deep, but presented well, and memorable to some extent. They had quite a few things to tell about the world, too. The narrative was uneven: sometimes it went well, but in other places (notably near the end) it became abrupt and lacking. The overall atmosphere and world presentation were good and fitting to the story events.CombatOne of my biggest complaints is the uneven difficulty of the game. At the beginning of the game (after the prologue), the enemies were overwhelming (far more difficult than the mid-game bosses!), later my character gained some skills and things started to become increasingly easy (with some notable exceptions). At some point, I could almost forget about tactics and precise timing of blocks/evades (something that was absolutely necessary at the beginning) and just start running/jumping around with some degree of target prioritizing (kill archers first) and spatial awareness (keep dangerous melee enemies at a distance). And bosses... The first one (from the prologue) was ok, the second one was quite a challenge. The penultimate one was a joke (I beat him on the first try without breaking a sweat), and the final one was more like a hopeless battle (though the atmosphere was brilliant.And that music!).The other complaint is how the battles dragged onin mid-game. The reason is that my melee weapons did annoyingly little damage, so I had to chop enemies for a long time before they fell. The crossbow did very little damage as well, which made it pretty much useless because of its limited (albeit craftable) ammunition. Also, there were too much battles that were almost exactly like each other.Companions were not very useful. As many reviews stated, they tend to die too easily. They are not entirely useless, though: healing and crowd control spells were convenient and/or interesting, and sometimes a companion could even do non-negligible damage if I managed to keep enemies on me. Anyway, they are there mostly for story purposes. :)Despite all of this, the combat was actually fun enough. In extreme cases, the enemies could kill me literally in two strikes, and it was quite rewarding when I (as a player) finally learned to deal with them. Having two combat stances with distinctly different features was certainly a good idea (though it didn't work very good for me). Also, I don't usually like traps, but here they were a viable (though difficult) method of combat - and in some cases, pretty much necessary (hint: the final boss).The amount of travels was a bit too much (especially with respawning enemies), but manageable.Quests, development, replayabilityThe quantityandquality of quests was certainly above what I would expect in Action RPG. (This didn't last very long, though: near the end the quests were less numerous and more boring.) There are even the romance options, but I failed to encounter them. :)Character development is interesting, but controversial. Some skills seemed to be too unsignificant (like, +10% damage), while the others were quite important (evasion skills). There are three skill trees: warrior, ranger (more like rogue) and pyromancer. Warrior and ranger skills mostly affect their corresponding combat stances, while pyromancer skills deal with fire magic. There is also a set of perks (or something like this) that are purchased with separate points.I concentrated on ranger skills with a healthy addition of warrior and pyromancer skills. I know it's entirely possible to level up as warrior or pyromancer, but from my ranger perspective I can hardly imagine it: warrior looks too vulnerable without evasion, and pyromancer looks too weak because magic doesn't do that much damage while mana is in short supply. So I'd expect a very different combat gameplay if I were to replay the game with a different skill set.Equipment is numerous, and you can craft upgrades for it. For armour, this works good enough: you become increasingly well-protected throughout the game, and you can (and should) play with different resistances (hint: choose universal ""magic resistance"" whenever you can). For weapons, not so much: I acquired some daggers somewhere in the middle of the game, and everything that I could find later was on par with them, with little variations like damage vs. critical chance. Maybe this is specific to rangers, to balance out their survivability; maybe warrior and pyromancer scale better damage-wise. I don't know.Technical aspectsFrom the technical point of view, the game is decent; I don't remember having considerable issues with graphics, sound, performance or interface. The graphics was quite pretty to my taste, but your mileage may vary.ConclusionGet this game, if you enjoy difficult and varied combat, and can deal with a few gameplay shortcomings.Orif you enjoy straightforward fantasy stories, like to learn things about in-game worlds, and don't mind a good deal of somewhat repetitive combat along the way."
,Not Recommended,243930,33014456,Posted: 29 June,all,thewolfone,"Played 42 minutes of the game. It's pretty bland and boring. The voice work isn't great. Especially for the character you play as. You can make a pretty tough looking guy and he sounds like some bad voice actor, pretty weak. Graphics wise the game isn't that great. I would say passable at best.Just wasn't feeling it with this game. So I got a refund."
76561198110148586,Not Recommended,243930,20924880,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,ɟooפ,"I had control of my 'customized' character for about 12 seconds before I deleted the game.  Go for The Witcher 3: The Wild Hunt, it's a fantastic RPG for all you role players out there."
76561197986001357,Not Recommended,243930,19545535,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,sasa,"Does not worth it, even on sale. Looks like game was planned to be Dragon Age rival but deadline creeped on and it was rushed to shelves ""as is"" - limited number of locations, limited freedom of actions, linear story.  Check other similar games, ""Dark Messiah of Moght and Magic"" and   ""Kingoms of Amalur"" (old and cosidered commercial failre) are much better"
76561198068705446,Recommended,243930,10064830,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Esoteric Dinglehopper,"Bound By Flame overall score 8.5Graphics: 7.5Story: 8Gameplay: 9There's been alot of hate surrounding BBF. Specifically because some jaded gamers and the ""professional"" (and I use that term loosely) reviewers gave it an average of about 4. Just because Spiders isn't EA or Activision and can't pay for good reviews is no reason to hit below the belt. Yeah, the lip syncing is awful. The gameplay DEFINATELY takes heavy influence from The Witcher and the like. But, the cast of companions in this game are great. The weapon and armor customization is fresh and new. Overall the game isn't anywhere near GoTY material, but it definately is something you'd want to add to your collection. While the 40$ price tag is a bit steep for what you're getting, grabbing it for 20 bucks is definately a deal. If you don't like it, you don't like it. But it's definately a great addition to the dark fantasy genre of games. Regardless of what the jaded and spoiled gaming community says now."
76561198119078684,Not Recommended,243930,11253147,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,zchad1981,"I've been really satisfied with all of my purchases from Steam, but I have to say, if there was ever a reason for a return policy, this game would be it.  I admit, I was roped in by a flashy trailer and a promise of innovative gameplay and interesting storytelling.  Instead, I got something I consider to be unplayable.  The combat is dreadful, the graphics are mediocre, and the story and voice acting -- for the few hours I could stomach it -- is unwatchable.  I played a female protagonist, so maybe they saved their budget for the male lead, but the lead actress sounds like they grabbed some girl off the street, recorded her first reading of the script and called it a day.  Not worth 40 bucks, not worth 24, not worth 5 dollars."
76561197997590714,Recommended,243930,10092839,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,NastyLad,"A relatively unknown title. Was happy to be pleasantly surprised when I began to play it.Story is an apocalyptical story, with mankind on the brink of extinction, set in a medieval world with hints of Darksiders and  Game of Thrones.Gameplay is pretty good, and you feel relatively free when moving through the various skilltrees, with abilities from all 3 working together.Storyline is rather interesting, though the fact that you can't jump back to do side-quests after ending a chapter, causes the chapter endings to ooze with an unpleasant finality.Solid RPG from a new company. Worth a shot if you're a hardcore RPG fan.Oh yeah... and it's as hard as Dark Souls.PRO's- Interesting story- Relative freedom regarding moral choices. Lots of grey areas a la. Witcher- Combat UI is easy navigate, and fun to use while struggling to bring down the game's numerous hard bosses.- Side quests actually have value, as they more often than not reward extra perks (example: improved range on traps)- Game is rather well designed. Good graphics are always a +- And, well... you can turn into an all-powerful morph between Illidan Stormrage and Kil'jaeden (look them up) that's pretty coolCON's- lip-synch is rather bad, and you are sometimes left wondering if exaggerated lip movements are the people of Vertiel's way of showing integrity.- Music is mediocore. It's O.K. but it fades into the background, almost unnoticable due to various loud screams going on.- Quest-system. It's relatively easy to maneauver BUT you cannot back-trace. Once you're done with a chapter, you're D.O.N.E. No going back to do side-missions. The unneeded finality provides a certain feeling of linear isolation that I personally don't like.PRON's (take it how you will. May be good... or not. A matter of opinion.)- One-liners to rival Duke Nukem.- Difficulty through the roof."
,Not Recommended,243930,15462760,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Big Blank,"I'm can't really that's a bad game, but I can't recommend it either. It isn't a really hard game, but it's an unfair, frustrating and unbalanced game, though it's technically okay (works fine on my computer, which is saying something).However, let me put it simply :- monsters don't respawn, which means your ressources are extremely limited, and the crafting is extremely expensive, even with upgrades,- you have two different stances, but your mobility is extremely limited in both. You can block in both stances, and jump backward in one, but the block can be bypassed, and the jump is only good in a 1vs1 situation, which almost never happens,- during the cutscenes, Volcan, the main character, suffers from a paralysis, which means you must have iron reflexes, because as soon as the cutscene ends, you'll be attacked from every side,- the enemies are incredibly ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥tty. First of all, they have tons of HP, even in normal. Second, they all kill you in four hits. Third, even by putting all upgrade/points in interruption, it's extremely rare to stagger an enemy. Fourth, the enemies will always stagger you. Fifth, you swing slower than the enemies, which means you have to anticipate every hit, because there's no instant movement. You can't roll. Sixth, you don't fight enemies one by one. You fight them in groups. Seventh, the archers in that game are deadly, as they can shoot you THROUGH their comrades. Which means that while you're trying to swing, you'll get staggered by arrows, and cleaved in the face by the enemy who just recovered. Even funnier with bosses, since archers infinitely respawn. Eight, you're limited in mana and ammos. The enemies aren't. They can literally spend minutes spamming arrows/darts/poison sphere and win the war of attrition. Ninth, when you hit an enemy blocking, you'll stagger. He won't. Tenth, some enemies have unblockable attacks that are barely differents than their usual attacks. Your kick will be♥♥♥♥♥♥unless you put many points in it. Eleventh, have I mentioned how many HP the monsters have?TL;DR : you're sent against enemies outnumbering you, outskilling you, and with more ressources than you do. You will be forced to cheese to win, and each room will turn into a ridiculous battle of attrition as you run out of traps, bolts, and potions faster than you can craft them."
76561197991756982,Not Recommended,243930,30251335,Posted: 28 February,all,CerealKiller,"So this game turned out to be nothing special.The skill tree doesn't give you many options in play-style. You can either go all in on health regen and shoot fireballs until everything dies, or you can go all in on daggers and get carpal-tunnel from parrying. There's no reason to specialize in both daggers and the sword, so pick one and stay with it the whole game. There are a lot of wholly unnecessary skills that you have to take in order to get to the next one which is just very annoying overall.The combat is annoyingly simple. After one or two attacks it's obvious what each enemy's pattern is and it's easy to parry literally everything. You can parry MAGIC for some reason, so if you're good at noticing the patterns, you're pretty much invulnerable. The only actual threats are archers because the early ones will shoot at you 2 to 3 times in a row. If you encounter two of them, it's just a hail of arrows that is difficult to breach. Everything else can be killed with patience and parrying.The plot is annoying as♥♥♥♥♥♥ Every time there is a choice, the dialogue is so vague that you can't be entirely sure what you're choosing until after you pick. I ended up having to save before each major dialogue scene just so I could figure out what the hell I was choosing. If you end up letting the demon influence you, you get some power buffs. If you don't, you don't get power buffs. However, at the end you can still choose to be entirely good or entirely evil and your choices throughout the game do nothing to limit this. The plotline is pretty much ""Hey, lookit those guys over there. Kill em."" and it doesn't go into any more depth than that. The worst part is that at the end, regardless of what you choose, you get about an 8 second cutscene that shows some vague result, then the game ends. No further explanation is provided. It's complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and makes the whole experience feel incomplete.If you're looking for just a boring action rpg to get you through the day, this one fits the bill. It will literally take one day though. Short AF. I explored everything mutliple times and I still beat it in under 10 hours."
76561198157885915,Not Recommended,243930,21243691,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Mrcrazyattire00,Not my cup of tea.
76561198119718903,Recommended,243930,16550747,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Chinggis,"An average RPG, its not THAT bad. There is a lot sad about fights,choices and ridiculously though final boss. But Music. Its gorgeous. Oh esp that in final boss. The only reason to continuously die in that final fight is song when that big spoiler coming out, amazing"
,Recommended,243930,16425576,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,El Fap De Guitario,"Wow this game is legit good, I should be a shamed of my self for picking it up on a deep discount."
76561198065806040,Recommended,243930,15990335,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,ednooooo,"Another case of mixed recommendation Bound By Flame has its heart in the right place. The game is a huge step up from the devs previous game Mars War Logs, its just still pretty akward. There is a lot to like here but there is also a lot to hate. Get it on sale."
,Recommended,243930,14968497,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,quali,"Iffy Voice acting/ Writing. For Example ""I think they are a bunch of scrotums,"" the captain said. The Graphics are solid but not next gen material, the screenshots are very misleading. Combat imo is actually quite enjoyable and probably the only reason i will finish the game, they did a very well job on that part. Definatley not worth the full price of $39.99. If you are interested in this game i would hold out until it goes on sail, i picked it up for $9.99 about a month ago.overall it's pretty average nothing really bad, just average. Pick up if on sale.Scores;Visuals: 7/10Writing: 6/10Voice work: 6.5/10Gameplay: 8/10Customization: 5/10Overall I would give this game a 6.8/10"
,Not Recommended,243930,20033393,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Caddelin,"Is it not possible to recommen Bound by Flame. Not only its graphics are simply subpar to any action rpg of this generations, this is just the tip of the iceberg. The voice acting is dreadful, the dialogues are unintentionally comic so bad they are, enemies respawn as if it was a MMORPG, and the game presumes you are going to farm for itens as well. The enemis are constantly recycled, the story is shallow and clearly the developer simply gave up lessa than halfway through the game and opted for a shortcut to the final. If that was not enough, the final boss is one of the most punishing and unbalanced you will face. Avoid, unless all theses criteria are met at the same time: 1) you are a fan of action rpg; 2) you are out of other options; 3) the game is practically free on steam."
,Recommended,243930,20080054,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Prince-Of_Darkness,"Average overall.Story = 7/10 could have improved (Companions felst useless except 1 or 2 and no strong character development)Gameplay =Solid sometimes freaking long sometimes and repetative often felt kinda dullVisuals = 7/10Ohh and horrible voice acting no charm ,characters are reading a script just like thatstill fun sometimes (if u get it on sales)And last boss battle was hust inhuman too long took me 2 hrs ♥♥♥♥ the final boss"
,Recommended,243930,14039107,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Rowlaz,An excellent game to play! May not be perfect but I loved it!
76561198007392301,Not Recommended,243930,10091119,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Buldor,"Quick breakdown but simply put, don't buy.Gameplay is bland, combat is either dumb down and repetitive or unfair and unrewarding. They have tried copying Dark Souls etc. with hard gameplay but forgot to be tough but fair and you are often fighting enemies who seem god like which little options other than to run around throwing things in the hope you don't get hit by some form of heat seeking laser. Combat is not rewarding and you fight the same 3 enemy types through your entire 10 hour or less time playing this game to 100%.The story is boring and is more of a nod your head and go scenario, you're a merc who just nods your head to what people tell you with not personality other than swearing every third word like a 13 year old mid puberty. There is no companion interaction of any kind that you could call interaction, there is no story lines etc. There is a romance, it consists of 2 lines of text and a quickie infront of an old stone with 1 of two characters on the premise that one's a♥♥♥♥♥♥and the other than daddy issue's (seriously, that is the case they even tell you themselves and it's updated like that in your diary).The alignment shifting? It's not alignment and it's not shifting. You make a choice at the end of every chapter whether or not you want the buff to make you more powerful or do you do the nice guy thing that normally ends in the deaths of thousands of people, it's not a good or evil shift and the morphs consist of funny eyes, small horns, 4 small horns and black face and 2 small, 2 big and black skin, the last of which occurs 3 minutes before the final and dissapointing boss fight. Your companions and others do mention these changes... twice... one sentence each.Crafting becomes your weapon, it's rather simple but fact is the combat is so unbalanced you'll find your self selling everything that you don't use (not that you need it, combat boils down to using spells, running till mana is back, then repeat) and then changing gold into ingrediants and those into health and mana potions. I found i spent 2 hours during final boss fight, about 40 minutes of that was going to and from the crafting menu mid fight to spam making potions. It's dull, simplistic  and you can make potions out of thin air and gold.The skill tree is cool but with 25 levels,  you basically can entirely max 2 tree's but that said you can't fight like you want. The game is designed to force you to play how they want you to play, want to be a tank? No shield exists and half of all enemies have to be fought with magic or with the daggers, only the weak and basic enemies are fightable with the sword unless you can perfect their ""spam button"" parry system which is unbalanced. Much like Dark Souls there is a parry and riposte to allow you to break an attack and counter, combat consists of fighting 4-5 enemies wailing at you and during this animation you will 50% die before the end of it during the slow motion animation of the counter where his 3 friends have been hitting you for 1/3 you're health a piece.Overall, bad story, bad combat and mechanics. All the pictures for this you see above? Thats the end boss twice, and the other bosses in the game. The big roaring guy? He's the only one you meet and acts as a prologue boss. They are all cutscenes."
76561198047928212,Not Recommended,243930,10100773,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Steve Rogers,"DONT BUY THIS GAME! BASICALLY BECAUSE THE COMBAT SYSTEM IS QUITE AWFUL... i love games such as skyrim, dragon age amalur etc. but this is very dissapointing, had potentail (the story for example is quite cool), but the COMBAT which is the most important part of an ARPG is very very bad.do not reccommend this game... maybe on sale idk"
,Not Recommended,243930,13162498,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Moebius,"The game is fun to start with, but gets boring / frustrating later on. Once you come near the max level for one of the skill trees, you realize that your damage output wll be capped very soon, while enemie HP or armor continues to increase, along their damage output. So what happens after some 10h of playtime is that enemies can (still or again) take you down with 2-3 hits (which you cannot block, only dodge) while you hammer even the basic mobs 10 or more times until the die (and medium).It's not that I don't like hard games (Demon/Dark Souls rock), but this game isn't challenging-hard, its just plain boring & frustrating: Killing the same 3 types of enemies which attack patterns you know by heart (and stilling dying on the slightest mistake or because of a bad enemy lineup) made by quit this game half-way through."
,Recommended,243930,19155251,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Omar,"Bound By Flame is another RPG from Spider studio from the start great combat but with the same♥♥♥♥♥♥ it suffers from difficulty spikes around the 2nd chapter. I really don’t know why the developers always ♥♥♥♥ up the difficulty.I say like all Spider games get it, It is a good fun."
,Recommended,243930,19100826,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Mavrck,"I only recommend this game on Captain difficulty. Other than that, you are going to get mad at the flaws and will be complaining that it is too short. I pre-ordered this game and wasn't too happy at first. Take the ""Captain"" challenge if you consider yourself a serious action/rpg gamer in terms of game difficulty."
,Recommended,243930,19056068,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Wootbear,"This game is not for the faint of heart. I just beat is and only broke one controller to do it. If you want a challenge, this is your game, if you want to enjoy yourself, play on easy, it will still be hard. A controller is a must, the keyboard is just too difficult.The story was okay, there are a lot of times when you have to make a choice whether to give the demon inside you more room or not, ultimately in the end it makes no difference as you get two choices, for two final cutscenes and some achievements.The gameplay was what kept me going, its a lot like the dark souls games in that its very rewarding to win a tough fight, which is most fights. You can use two handed weps and dual daggers. I never once used two handed weps as they felt very limiting to your movement. Also, upgrade you crossbow, you'll be glad you did.Overall I would give the game a 6/10, just enough to recommend it. I am not glad I bought it, but I am glad I beat it, take that as you want."
,Recommended,243930,23030366,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Johnny KaBoom,"As a full priced item Bound by Flame is a bit too steep for a random gamble.  On a good sale however this is a great game with a good amount of depth.  The branching gameplay has some meaningful decisions, and some illusory choice, but that is to be expected with this type of game.  Essentially this is really impressive, considering the size of the development team.  I enjoyed this game and found the playthrough engrossing enough to keep going even when some of the segments got a bit repetitive.  I don't know if it's possible to beat the game with Warrior build, but the rogue and pyromancer skill tree are a deadly combo.  Worth the time I put into it."
,Recommended,243930,19468044,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,FlyBoogy,"RECOMMENDEDI've been putting off buying this game because of the reviews. Finaly got it during a sale and was pleasantly surprised.Challenging combat, interesting story and characters, above average graphics, great soundtrack, replay value from multiple choices throughout the game and character development that is limited so you cant get every skill.Some aspects like the hit or miss voice acting and companion AI arent as well developed but did not detract from my overall enjoyment.All in all a good role playing game and I found its lenght of 15 hours just perfect."
76561198028962003,Recommended,243930,10225961,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Psycho Grandma,"I bought this game thinking it was going to be an amazing adventerious game with a big story behind it, turns out no..it is a good game for what it has but..i feel like they could have added more..all you do is the introduction quests where your in a cave protecting this group to doing a ritual wich backfires and the spirit inside the spell goes into you . then you end up at a camp, you do your quests there then move to the elf kingdom..do the quests there and then your at the ice lords place.do the quests there,kill him and your done... all in all only about 4 different areas you can go into and a handfull of side quests in each.. for what they have its a good game..though i havent really noticed alot of difference when you choose different things to say.  this game is just way to short for me."
76561198058070552,Recommended,243930,10064932,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,zanefrost,"Cool in game music, voice acting is good but from time to time is off somehow, graphics are not half bad overall a pretty cool game the concept is rad as hell"
76561197982821017,Recommended,243930,10083970,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,wshowers,Surprisingly good.
76561198041597795,Not Recommended,243930,10422278,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,thecheeselover,"Good at the beginning but it's always the same. Also, the game makes you think you get stronger but you're still always the same."
,Not Recommended,243930,11340225,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,kdodds,"Addendum.  Having now put in another hour or so, I seriously recommend avoiding BBF.  The combat is so hopelessly broken that the game is, for me, unplayable.This is an iffy thumbs up from me.  Bound By Flames is graphically gorgeous.  The story is okay, not great, but not poor either, although uninspired might fit.  Skill based levelling is okay, and there is enough difference between heavy and light weapon melee specializations.  But no archery?  Really?  So, basically you're limited to a single class, fighter, with two subclasses, large and lumbering hulk mode, or swift and stealthy rogue mode.  Either way, you get a crossbow with very limited ammunition availability since you can craft minimally or purchase, again minimally, bolts one at a time.  Luckily for your character, traps are his/her specialty, because their use seems to be encouraged heavily early on.  Some battles at levels under 15 are impossible without them and, again luckily, these battles are all in small arena areas with choke points.  There's also a lot of self-important and tedious dialogue.  Some of it is okay, and helps flesh out the world, but most of it is just such an exercise in dialogue done wrong that you might find yourself loathing talking to people at all.  There's no real opportunity that I can see to grind out XP early other than to go into and out of the swamp over and over again.  And, under level 15 it's a pretty dangerous place.  Which brings me to the real reason why this thumbs up is iffy.  The combat sucks hard.  The controls are clunky, at best, and don't seem to allow for strafing, if they even respond the way you intended.  The camera is wonky as well and poor input response combine with flippy camera and a half baked auto targetting often sends you off in a direction unintended and makes combat unnecessarily difficult.  For me, combat that is made difficult due to poor design means a broken game.  And yes, this game is seriously broken in those terms.  When your bruiser is repeatedly overwhelmed by four peons because game controls do not respond approproately and you are forced to stealth and trap because of this, that is the definition of a broken game.  Having to run away and leave a scholar (who has no problem taking the same beating without issue) to fight off the hordes as you heal is stupendously ridiculous.  Still, there is a lot that is good about the game, if you can get past the horrendous combat and oft tediously unnecessary dialogue."
,Recommended,243930,10225449,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Swirlee,"Fight mechanics are boring and repetitive. You spam mouse 1 all day or 2 all day and occassionally you hit Q and space. Story is half way decent, but ruined by terrible voice acting. Hit boxes are larger than animations and characters. The idea of each boss fight is basically a mob with an extremely large health pool that casts 2-4 spells and does 2-3 melee attacks. Dodge/parry the attack punish... rinse repeat... except each boss fight may last 15-20 minutes widdling away at a boss with 200,000 hp and your sword only does 50 damage a swing. Companions: you get 1 at a time. There is no way to taunt or pull aggro. Basically, you start a fight you go to kill 1 enemy and all the others rush to your companion and kill them. Companions don't really do a great deal of damage. They're basically cannon fodder.  6/10 would not recommend."
,Not Recommended,243930,21609698,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Jirachi Likes Hollowachi,"If I hadn't played 65 minutes of it, i would ask for a refundMade it almost impossible for me to do anything in the game at times and after playing it, I wonder why I even saw anything good in it"
,Recommended,243930,10104715,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Ol,"As pretty much all of the other reviews that don't recommend this game will tell you, the combat is so god-awful that it really ruins this game. The story is a bit meh, which perhaps wouldn't matter if the actual game world was a bit more interesting. The first two areas are incredibly boring and linnear and both have very little in the way of eye candy and variation, the first area I could forgive for being small and underwhelming, since I figured the game would open up after the player got the hang of it. That wasn't the case by the way.Bound by Flame does however have quite a good amount of customisation, after choosing which sword you wish to use you can change the hilt and pommel to not only make it look purty, but to increase it's effectiveness significantly. The customisation doesn't end with your weapons, you can also customise your armour in the same way, which to be fair I haven't, so perhaps that's why I keep dying.Overall though, the combat is imperfect, the story isn't delivered well at all and the side characters aren't interesting enough to throw a stick at.To conclude once more, Bound by Flame is a pile of literal♥♥♥♥♥♥ that might be worth the money it would cost to compress it into a diamond. I don't completely know what I mean by that, but the gist is - it's almost good, but it's still♥♥♥♥♥♥Oh geez this is embarrassing."
76561198052494691,Not Recommended,243930,10205139,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Asimov,It has a stupid  combat system and once you fall down to the ground you're dead meat .
76561198089554717,Recommended,243930,19523598,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,ikognito1,"This game has already many reviews about how good it is and I yet confirm it all. BUT! Thanks to the crappy, ♥♥♥♥ing freezes every few seconds it will infuriate you. Even if you´d get it gifted, you´d still hate it BECAUSE the story is interesting, but gets choked at every moment possible. Fluent gaming? Forget it."
76561198036030330,Recommended,243930,15845201,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Faint.Body,"Not the best RPG I've played, last boss is super difficult. I had fun on some parts - Average Player"
76561198048050045,Recommended,243930,15807636,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Away on BT,God damn this game is really frigging bright. Its like lens flare from star trek accompanied by a cop flashing a huge flashlight on your face.
76561198018309819,Not Recommended,243930,12002677,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Axiomatic,"OMG, what the hell is wrong with this game.  Every boss isn't hard because you have to sovle the puzzle or do something correctly.  They have one attack that just can't be avoided.  Or they want you to switch stances but eveytime you try while in combat you do a move with the currently equipped weapon instead.  The story is good, the characters are good, and the game looks amazing,  The combat and controls are broken.  Your companions are completely useless.  There are several battles where you need to rely on your companion's abilities.  This is a terrible combination of elements.  They, inevetibaly, get you killed.  The Worldheart boss is where I quit.  The whirwind attack the boss does is impossible to avoid.  If you have any of the ranger skills toward riposte and super dodge it will get you killed trying to dodge it.  You can block it but it staggers you with the last attack.   You can weather it well with warrior stance but good luck switching to it in the fly and then back to ranger to avoid the magic attacks.  I am giving this a Broken rating.  Not 1-10 or 1-100, broken.  Until they update this to fix the issues with the combat controls, ther e is no point playing this action RPG.  All this wasted potential... sigh."
76561198035753749,Recommended,243930,19324293,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Bone Doulou,"if you can buy it for 5 dollars or so, it's worth it, but the gameplay kinda dissapointed me( extreme spoiler alert )they talk about the icelords ( supreme necromancers ) as you're going to kill all of them, but instead end up killing only one, and then going into another dimension for a repetetive annoying last boss against the only cool ( and righteous/nice ) guy in the game.  it felt like the story ended at a 25% completion which really sucks. you don't even get to wear that many armors or have that many swords, and theres only like 10 different enemies."
,Recommended,243930,10156896,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Spectral,"A decent story, though not fully used to it's potential.Badly executed and awkward cutscenes and animations.The combat is unforgiving and the difficulty is unfair.But once mastered, it offers a quick and fluent battle.It offers a character progression and also equipment customization.The graphics are good, aswell as the aesthetics."
,Recommended,243930,14267278,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Arte,"A few bugs here and there but the game otherwise is very good to play. I guess for some it could have replay value but for me it's like Dragon Age but not.Graphics are good, everything is voiced over so that's a positive.Music and Sounds are spot on.Gameplay is not repetative really considering the amount of content.You can get a few good hours out of this game, I think I beat it in 16 or so.Anyway I don't regret my purchase and I still remember the storyline. It isn't as good as say Dragon Age Inquisition for me but it's better than a lot of the other stuff floating around out there."
,Not Recommended,243930,20965958,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Hala,"I never expect a game to be perfect. However, after starting the game with a female character but then being referred to as 'lad' or called by the default male name more than once, was not great and incredibly lazy of the devs. And no, I did not call my female character, Arry :(Instant uninstall for me. Only wasted Steam Sale money."
76561198068199186,Not Recommended,243930,33245023,Posted: 4 July,all,cmd171,Like dark souls and dragon age but terrible and boring
,Recommended,243930,34814051,Posted: 8 September,all,HunterS2869,An hgour or two put into the game & really enjoying it. Try it out while on sale. Well worth $4.99.
76561198067100418,Recommended,243930,10574796,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Chobo,"A fun game to play with. I am a game designer and I know how hard it is to make a good game, considering it's done by a small company I think they did a really good job in this game. Yes the game might be lack of something in certain aspects but I see more pros than cons in the game. I'll be expecting more games like this from Spiders in the future, keep up the good work!!"
,Recommended,243930,10090099,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,[x] Taan,"The game is half-ok.The graphics looks good, but the facial animations are rediculous.The story is ok, but the dialogues were written by a 14 year old.The combat is ok, but the combo animations leave you loked and unable to parry\dodge.And the price is not ok for 12 hours of gameplay."
76561198121057963,Recommended,243930,19468040,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,LeftyLunatic,"The time I spent playing this game I enjoyed 95.5% of the time, my only issue was defeating the last boss which took me several attempts to complete. I plan an revisit this game after i complete some other that I have currently in progress. The decisions that you make will effect the game and how you confront tasks. All and all I would recommend this game for those who enjoy well designed story line and medieval fantasy."
,Not Recommended,243930,10258461,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Harrison11106,"I wanted to like & recommend this game, I really did... especially given that I paid for it.Set in the lands of Vertiel, it’s under attack by a horde of undead & has been on the losing end of this war of attrition for at least a decade.  The last of these “freedom fighters” have banded together & think they’ve found a way to turn the tide via a ritual.  Something goes wrong in it & your character is bonded with a flame demon.  The premise is sound where you're possessed by a fire demon & the more you allow it to imbue you with it's powers the more you risk losing your humanity.I believe that the game is influenced by the Witcher & Kingdoms of Amalur titles, perhaps a tad too much so. The execution of this is where the problem lay.  Choice in itself seems the illusion here, this begins at character creation as you only have 5 pre-generated faces to choose from & you can only choose being a human.  You have 3 skill trees, the Warrior, Ranger, & Pyro tree, unfortunately I didn't really feel any more powerful as I gained levels other then in upgrading the weapons.  You don't get any statistical (STAT) differences when you gain levels, not so much as an added hit/health point per level or increase in in damage or defense.  There are no differences in the weapon swaps one can do; no sword & shield style for the warrior, or spear for that matter, no option for the Ranger to use a bow & so forth.  Your companions, with rare exception are more diversionary then an actual help.  The story is meant to revolve around a male lead, I played a female character & more often then not I was called “Vulcan” even though I’d namedher“Jenna”  So many of those little things that are missing & wouldn’t pass the muster had this been a AAA title under a larger company like Bethesda or EA.  I’m willing to forgive many things since this is apparently a small studio that released this title, but even I can only let so much go by.The combat, as another reviewer wrote, feels clunky. Part of the issue there is that with the exception of the weaker foes, it doesn’t feel as if you do any significant damage, whereas most of the enemies can kill you in relatively few hits.The story gets inconstant & abrupt at the end.  In the first half of the game you’re told about the 7 Ice Lords & their respective armies & how their truce is tenuous.  How all that was ultimately executed was a problem.If you still plan on getting this title, wait until it's part of a bundle deal, or expansions are made or it's severly patched &/or reduced in price.As I wrote above, I so wanted to like & recommend this game."
,Recommended,243930,12037336,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,NaMJaG,This game is awesome!+a good combat system+a nice storybut most important it is fun to play!
,Recommended,243930,13616811,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,StoutYeoman,"I'm a little conflicted about Bound By Flame, but I keep coming back and playing more so I must be enjoying it! The firs thing you'll notice is that the game looks great. It's one of the better looking games I've played recently, especially with regards to the character models. This is definitely an action game, although it has the addcitive rpg elements like leveling trees and learning new abilities.The combat feels like a less rigid Dark Souls and is extremely challening. This is one of my major gripes with the game - the challenge level is so high that it is difficult not to simply drop the controller in frustration and walk away. However, it manages to remain compelling; even after dying several times to a small group of the game's weaker enemies - enemies who can defeat you in three hits if you do not defend yourself - I feel motivated to try again, planning my tactics and practicing the game's very intricate parry/interrupt system. A well done battle is very rewarding, with highly satisfying slow motion shots when you successfully counter an enemy's attack. These will sometimes chain several together, giving a feel reminiscent of bullet time.The only other gripe I have with this game is that the dialouge feels as though it was written by a teenage boy who just discovered cursing. Attempts at being edgy or showing off how rough the mercenaries are just comes off as sophomoric vulgarity that serves no real purpose.If you play Bound By Flame you will absolutely have moments during which you want just ragequit, but if you hang with it, overcoming the challenges can be very rewarding. I recommend this game for anyone who likes action games with RPG elements and gothic fantasy settings and who do enjoy a highly challenging game."
76561198011604006,Recommended,243930,13523581,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Saboth,"There are a lot of negative reviews floating about for this game, and I would say they are rubbish. If I had to compare this game to something, it would be a less polished version of the Witcher combined with aspects of Dragon Age 2.  I would give it 7.5 out of 10. The animation and graphics are good, the gameplay is decent, the story is pretty good. Anyone giving this game a 0-50 score should not be allowed to review games. At ten dollars, it's a good bargain. At 15-20, you would feel you got your money's worth. 30-40+ is where I would say it's overpriced for what you get."
76561198080886509,Recommended,243930,13544934,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Orihalcyon,I got it on sale for $9.99 and for that price it was worth it. Wouldn't pay anything more than that though because its just too short of a game.
76561198066605733,Not Recommended,243930,13353977,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Lyrium Junkie,"I own Bound by Flame but honestly the game wasn’t worth 30 dollars. It isn’t even worth 5 in my opinion and that’s me being generous. If I had known what I do now about the game I wouldn’t have spent a dime on the thing.At first the game is incredibly interesting, it reminded me of Dragon Age and the plot seemed decent enough; who doesn’t want to become a demon and kick massive♥♥♥♥♥or not become a demon and still manage to kick massive♥♥♥♥♥ It also got bonus points from me because you DO have the option to play as either a female or male character.Besides those few things that is where the good ends and the bad begins.The dialogue and writing can get downright terrible – combined with the voice acting…I don’t think there’s a word out there to describe just how bad it is. I found myself not able to take the character, especially my character, seriously with the voice acting and dialogue choices given. If the writers of the game had simply thought it out a bit more this game could have had the chance to be decent, but that just isn’t the case.This is also the part where I start to say this game is more like HALF of a game as in we got tired of writing it and/or didn’t have enough funds to continue sort of half game. It leaves you more♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off than anything else because:*SPOILER ALERT*Throughout the entire game that constantly talks about these big badass powerful ice lords you ONLY get to fight 1. 2 if you want to count a gross snuff scene sexualizing strangling a woman, who apparently was an ice lord but is so weak you beat her after 5 seconds of starting the damn fight. Surprisingly enough the regular mob guys she summons were more difficult to kill.The end fight also is completely obnoxious and you’d best be prepared to see the same cutscene over and over and over and over again because even on easy it’s ridiculously stupidly hard with no real reason behind it. It makes little to zero sense being there and overall just confused the hell out of me because I guess we don’t have to kill the 6 other ice lords. Just one is enough now even though they’re taking over the entire world I guess.It also began making gross sexist comments towards said female Ice lord once you get her in your party (but I guess you weren’t supposed to know she was an Ice lord, but your character suddenly magically knows at some point in the game). Everyone is included in it, even you! Not that I should be surprised I guess.There’s also the matter of choices. Now at first it seems really awesome and great. Your first choice is to either accept the demon’s advances or to find another way – after this choice you have 1 other before it ultimately doesn’t matter and you can’t stop yourself from turning more demon-like in appearance and getting certain abilities.You want to become a demon? You’d best be sure from the get-go because once you start you can’t magically decide not to accept it anymore. Quest choices also seemed important at first but ultimately lead to the same results no matter what you choose.Overall, the game isn’t worth it. It is half finished with a cheap end that makes little to no sense being there other than they might have run out of money to keep going.Don’t buy the game – or at least wait until it goes on sale for under 5 dollars because it isn’t even worth the 5."
,Recommended,243930,13540204,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Epudds,"* New ReviewSo I've beaten the game. First of all, only buy if it's on sale. The game isn't horrible but it isn't worth the full price.The game had potential. It seemed like they were setting it up for some epic story where you wage a war agaianst these evil forces. Then they took the lazy way and gave it a crap and sudden ending. Not even a cliff hanger either. The combat was alright to start with but it gets really repeditive and many of the enemies were not well designed.However, it filled my need for a new RPG at the time fairly well. All in all I enjoyed the experience butthere were things lacking. If you've played The Witcher or Dragon Age you'll find similarities which are nice. Just aren't as well executed.My old review is below.* Old ReviewBeen playing the game for about 5 hours now, so this is a first impressions not a full on review.The Combat takes a little while to get used to but it's fun and challenging.The Dialogue suits my sense of humour so I've been enjoying it but the mouth animations are abit off sometimes.The crafting and armour enhancement system is straight forward enough.The leveling up system is reminiscent of Kingdoms of Amalur: Reckoning...which I enjoyed.The story makes enough sense.*(until the end)Thumbs up from me."
76561198013503483,Recommended,243930,10114252,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,NotTotalTrash,this is my favorite game of all time 11/10 would play while dying of AIDs
76561198076423822,Recommended,243930,15444721,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Shepard,Seasoned monster hunter here(and I bet 50% to 75% of you haven't even heard this underrated beauty)Try only maxing out only warrior(or something?)and you'll see a bit of darksouls or MH in this beauty
,Not Recommended,243930,28977232,Posted: 3 January,all,Love Drought,"The writing and voice overs in this game are cringy, at best.The core concept of the story/setting is pretty intriguing and something you don't usually see - the protagonist getting possesed, and having to co exist with the spirit (or demon), and becoming more powerful in return. Mostly everything beyond that falls apart though. Characters, story and even the world get very stale after a short while, and the way you are railroaded to either goody or baddy is frustrating.The gameplay is quite enjoyable at least. The combat is fun - it is responsive and also challenging, if you like DS's combat, you'll  like this game's, except the combat here is, imo, more fun than that of DS's -, the crafting is pretty nice and convenient even if sometimes it can feel a bit too easy, and the leveling process if quite simple but enjoyable.I wouldn't recommend picking this up at full price, maybe on a discount."
76561198035765383,Recommended,243930,11059281,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,MDS-95,"While I left this game having greatly enjoyed it, I have to say it has a lot of flaws. It seemed to get really buggy in the second half, allowing me to get out of bounds and somehow stop seeing my surroundings if I stood at a certain point. At one point, one of my companions seemed to disappear at the end, and had also forgotten that I had done an important quest for her. Crafting also allowed me to somehow create more weight, which is rather annoying when you have a weight limit.However, the gameplay was phenomenal. Combat feels fluid, challenging, and there are even extremely unique styles of play, meaning a heavy weapons mode and a dagger mode, heavy weapons based on slower, more damaging hits and blocking, daggers based on consistent hitting and dodging. The story was also greatly interesting, and I was genuinely interested in the lives of my companions and was worried for their safety at points.Despite the flaws, I would highly reccommend this game, but I do feel the need to point out the games flaws so you know what to expect."
76561198039958857,Recommended,243930,11101415,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Weasel,"Not bad, worth getting if on sale and havetime to kill"
,Recommended,243930,10707636,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Kaze88,This game sucks. Bad voice acting makes game almost unplayable
,Recommended,243930,10076043,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,D O W N G R A D E™[椿],"Everyone seems to hate on this game and i can see were their coming from but it isnt bad, yea naming the cahrecter dose nothing, they all call you vulcan anyways. and the lip synce is worse the dead island. BUT the combat has a hevay feel to it adding a bit fo relsim. this also adds insane difficluty when fighting groups of enmys. this isnt an easy game and it will punish you if you dont learn the comabt sytem fast. but the checkpoints are resnable and u can always save were ever you are. and its craft anywere system is ectremly helpfulnow alot of people are giving it awful scores becasue its a weak version of teh witcher or kingdoms of almar. and it is the dev's said themselves this IS NOT going to be close to the witcher.i infact do not how ever recomend buying it for $40 unless your a huge action rpg fan becuase it provides aorund 20 hours of gamplay IF you go for 100%.in final 6/10 could be better but could be much worse"
76561198027047037,Not Recommended,243930,19975553,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Geranthal,This games writing is really bad. Way worse than I expected.But its actualy pretty fun.
,Recommended,243930,19580618,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,ShockM.,"Game is awesome, but short and you cant play after you finished the story it just says ""The End"""
,Recommended,243930,20403387,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Bodrin,"Pretty short. Pretty good. Don't recommend playing on hard, mobs and especially bosses have unedequate amount of hp, fights become loooong and boring. Graphics are still good, fighting system... is good, but can become better. ""good"" and ""bad"" desicions don't always follow logic, but I still enjoyed playing. If you can catch good discount on it, take it, why not?"
,Recommended,243930,25865581,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Vault-Tec101,great game
,Recommended,243930,19868036,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,lil splitzy,This game is just too good 10/10
76561198023395845,Recommended,243930,19486423,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,magic hjalti,the game is  80% off soooo BUY THIS NOW MAN!
,Not Recommended,243930,15931891,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,CorvinuS,"It's just not very good.  I liked the look of it and tried to give it an honest shot but, the voice acting is terrible, the story is average and the combat is hit or miss (almost literally).  I wanted to like it.  I really did.  There just isn't that much to like here."
,Not Recommended,243930,18278037,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Gwapingto,Don't bother buying this game the gameplay sucks and not to mention the last boss fight. I did not waste my time killing the boss just watch the ending in youtube because even if the difficulty is already on it's lowest it will still suck. What a waste of time this RPG is one of the worst game's I played thus far. Just helping you keep your sanity.
,Not Recommended,243930,18380490,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Ben Dover,"If only they had a ""Mixed feelings"" ButtonPros: Great art and detail.Most of the voice acting is baller.Interesting customization and fighting style.Awesome atmosphere and story so far.Cons: Why are there random difficulty spikes?The fighting system is god awful.Why does it feel so claustrophobic?Your team mates are ♥♥♥♥ing useless.Overall:Hey, it's an interesting game, that's executed in not the best way. Like that sentance. Either way, it's really mixed for me, if you want it, get it on sale, it'll be better that way."
,Not Recommended,243930,18647657,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,CitizenX3639,"I have for the most part always gvien games, whether AAA to indie, more leway when i review becasue i for one i have no talent, no agenda or any ambtions than to be just a gamer. That being said, it really make it diffciult for me to say this game is not worthy of a purchase or your time. This is where i would usually go in to more specifics of likes and dislikes but Ive wasted enough time on this game. I cant remember the last time i quit a game in so much anger, and i find the Dark Souls series not very difficult.Played the game on Hard difficultyI distributed most points into Ranger and PyroThe final nail came in Chapter 3 vs. 2 Concubines/2 archers/ 2 generalsThis game needs a roll mechanic(Badly) and enemies need buffed, or loot need to be meaningful"
76561198024161117,Not Recommended,243930,18824419,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,motav99,Worse than garbage. Don't but it.
,Not Recommended,243930,18561582,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,mR# Andrew,Unskippable cutscenes and graphics with contrast sharp enough to sperate your corneas from your eyes meant i did not get far enough into the game to comment on the story or gameplay.
76561198144787047,Not Recommended,243930,18122040,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,powerfactorftw,"Not a terrible game but get to end boss and dont have enough items to beat boss as ranger......with no way to back out to get a ton of mats for an overly difficult fight for melee. Sucks had to watch ending on youtube, will not recommend. recruit end boss should have been more forgiving. Not wasting anymore time on this game...."
76561197974014012,Not Recommended,243930,17957579,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,cottoneyej31,"A very mediocre game.  The combat is ridiculously shallow.  Most of the abilties are useless so you'll just be hacking and slashing.  The story and voice acting are god awful.  The grammar is so bad, even the text doesn't match the speech much of the time.Oh, and not being able to re-map buttons on a controller = fail."
76561198008580076,Not Recommended,243930,17958904,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Dakayrus,This is a chore not a game
76561197973034678,Not Recommended,243930,17873346,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,LukeBu,"Got too bored to finish.  I was hoping it would be a challenging and weighty combat system, but its all flashy, momentum ignoring, consequence free, wild flailing until you are about to be hit, and then instant block/dodge.  The dialogue and story are incredibly cliche with so many swear words in each sentence muttered by bored voice actors that none of it means anything.  If you like hack and slashers and don't care for a good production or choice type combat (such as dark souls) you might like it, but if you are like me steer clear."
76561198010128508,Not Recommended,243930,17898337,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Kami Dead,Just like many other said game is far from perfect  looks ok story is somewhat interesting but game have weak voiceovers clunky combat and animation glitches... sad really as game could be much better imo if devs spend some more time on it and improve combat especialy .
76561198024810550,Not Recommended,243930,17888461,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Sheonite,1/10 Died from being shot by an archer in a cutscene.Turn away. There's nothing worth saving here.
,Not Recommended,243930,17670856,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,FIL1994,Gamepad does not work properly in this game. Also the game does not do a good job explaining the controls.
76561198045619005,Recommended,243930,19822118,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,pacman,"The game is not too bad. I bought it when it was on sale, so it was worth the 3.99 i paid for. but no more.The game has potential but i felt like it was rushed."
76561198001787779,Not Recommended,243930,20762548,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Wytch,"It's pretty meh. Decent swordfighting mechanics, but some of the enemies (like the floating gas spheres) are simply stupid to deal with. Spells and skills feel extremely weak. Level design is all railroad."
76561198001251929,Recommended,243930,15362254,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,KasperKyd,"Nice gameplay, nice story, well graphics is not the best (backgrounds are too much 2D)."
,Not Recommended,243930,10231938,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,ripentaro,"A game that fails in its mediocrity. Bound by Flame is another lackluster installment in the growing genre of dark fantasy RPG's. Unfortunately, as an expanding genre, Bound by Flame competes with far better titles such as the Dark Souls and Witcher series. This game fails from unrealized potentials. Combat is implemented just enough to have some strategy but not enough to be engaging. A crafting system exists, but without a Skyrim-esque sense of accomplishment or worth. Characters exist but none beyond the range of stock characters in a passion play. A story exists but it hardly feels worth experiencing. A world exists but it doesn't feel worth exploring. These could all be forgiven if all you wished were a simple time waster, a perfectly valid form of game. The problem lies in that the price of this game exits the realm of what I feel is appropriate for a time waster. At $15 to $20 I would not feel this game a failure, but as it is in the $40 territory I have other options which will provide more bang for my buck. There are other criticisms that could be leveled at this game, the laughable overuse of swearing for one, but these only reinforce the main problem that this game feels overpriced for the experience. Not a terrible or broken game but not a game worth full price."
76561197993276337,Recommended,243930,23529182,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,DaddyChillis,"If you like story driven RPG's that have a slow and steady pace, then i suggest this one to you. I enjoyed the game start to finish and thought the game played well and had a decent eneugh story. The characters are likeable but felt a bit stiff at times. Its fun having one or more of your allies along for the ride. I made my female love interests tank while i just wailed on most everything in the game. Fun times. Oh and if you get stuck on a boss just dump 30 traps in one spot!"
,Recommended,243930,23226751,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Wayon Oransky (Ore-Ran-Ski),"I loved becoming a demon in this game. Wow that was fun. XD I laughed a lot as they said ""poor guy's going to have to resort to use his hand at night"". Overall, I loved the game and would replay it once again."
76561198058429424,Recommended,243930,17933893,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Hollow Knight Dante,"I have't beaten the game yet and I'll release a full review then. This game is awesome. It runs really well with no problems on high specs. The game is great but it is a bit difficult. Tactics for each enemy is best. Dont block too much or your enemy will just kick you all over the ground. Start on lowest difficulty, highly recommened. I started on highest difficulty because I like a challenge. The characters are good and gets really emotional. The game has a new and fresh taste to it and the whol idea is just bad♥♥♥♥♥ You will get angry at many NPC's and I love this game for its memorable characters."
76561197993791428,Recommended,243930,10642338,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,SerialChiller,So Far Its OK. combat a little clunky. no final verdict yet though. So Far. (7.8/10)
,Recommended,243930,10815599,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,FurorMagus,"I had lots of fun playing this RPG.Pros: Good story line, has lots of customization,Cons: Exploring areas is limited but still has plenty of space and items out in the open.Ultimately I would say If you liked dragon age this game has the same design with more customization."
,Recommended,243930,10655095,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Stoffer,"After completing it on Buffalo difficulty as a Ranger character, these are my thoughts of what I remember:Ranger:The quick-stabbing style was strong and fun. I liked being able to take out half or an entire group with surprise attacks without getting caught, and the fighting was constant if I dodged correctly. It lacked some kind of counter to the 'double-shield deadwalker' (DSD) which made fighting them tedious (not difficult). Only way to speed it up was to have your companion help, either by tanking him so you could stab him on the side where there was an opening, or having them interrupting him. The poison specialty helped, but I think there should've been more poison damage skills/crafts as the only poison damage buff was from a gem on the breastplate (+2 dmg/s). The final skill in this tree is too strong to miss, It's gonna be weird playing again without it.Warrior and Pyromancy:The only useful talents for me in Pyromancy was Flaming Weapon, which buffs Burning Weapon. I see a potential in the build and will go full Pyromancy with Ranger Stealth next time, and that's because the mana potions with the Apothecary feat only costs 1 tainted blood and heart dust. If it weren't for that, weak.Warrior style could break shields sometimes. After maxing the Ranger tree, I tried getting the interruption bonus talents in this tree in the hopes of making the DSD less tedious by breaking shield in warrior stance and killing it with ranger stance. Unfortunately the shieldbreaking part seemed just as random as the kick ability could stagger/flinch. In addition to the randomness of kick, you could only get 1-2 hits in after a kick before the shield was back up. Before the DSD's showed up, it was much more effective to bait them to start an attack formation and go behind them and start mashing. I can't see how going warrior build is strong enough, especially for the lategame. But I have not tried it yet so I might get surprised.Traps and CrossbowI never used a trap after the intro area. It only dealt 50 damage, which I could do more with two dagger crits or a surprise attack. I was going to learn the second trap, but got too far in the story while I waited for him to ""take a day to gather materials"" (I even slept a whole day to get him to continue it). Will try to get it and test it next run.Crossbows were good and strong, but there were too few of them. I think I found 4 or 5 outside of the shop. I prefered the ones with 75% poisoning chance, as i had the poison skill.MonstersGood animation on attacks. Few have some near-instant attacks which can be troubling if you don't know the monster/pay full attention. The Impalers stab-attack is one I've had most trouble with. The small ones could get oneshot by a surprise attack and the big ones took 4-5 dagger hits after a surprise attack, so just needed a change of tactics. Otherwise I think only the DSD and Generals have a near-instant attack that was problematic.The hp/defense was well balanced. Only exceptions are the big weapon deadwalkers (BWD) and shield deadwalkers (SD) where the former has more hp than the latter. I could surprise kill a SD in all acts, but in act one (before I had gotten a decent stealth damage dagger) a BWD survived whereas SD didn't. Later when BWD carry around a dark enchanted blade, they have maybe a bit too much hp and damage, but it was more challenging so I don't mind that.The damage could sometimes be too much. BWD and DSD dealt half or 1/3 of my hp in one hit, but the BWD was very easy to read. Otherwise the damage was fine. There could've been a potion that counters poison and dark debuffs. As it is now, the poison will do a lot of damage to you and the only way to counter it is to drink one or two health potions, and for the dark debuff it's mana potions.Story (SPOILER ALERT, skip it if you don't want any spoilers at all)Interesting at first. I didn't get bored of the story during the playthrough, and the sidequests was rewarding enough in experience and sometimes material and storywise, so well done there. I was very curious of how I could play out this story from all the dialogues of putting the Ice Lords against each other and wether to listen to your demon or deny it in order to choose the path of the game. This turned out to let me down immensely as it turns out I only fought one of the seven Ice Lords repeatedly spoken through the game, go through his door and fight the demon inside. I hoped that by killing this Ice Lord, the door would close due to his death, or another Ice Lord would appear and close the door. Either way it would force us to go after the other Ice Lords, with or without your allies. As mentioned in some dialogues, being able to plot one Ice Lord against another, could be an interesting plot device which also could fill up some of their story. And as the Ice Lord you killed mentioned the other with the Juggernauts hating you for killing one, I thought some hellbent for revenge Ice Lord that would chase you recklessly would appear, until I cleared the game that is.ConclusionWhen I got to the end, it felt rushed. Story and worldlore had a lot of potential but ended prematurely. I will recommend getting this game when it's on sale, but I disagree that it's worth the full price. Also there were many typos in the subtitles (I laughed a bit when the subtitle said 'Needles' instead of 'Needless') and a few voicefiles that was for a different dialogue (Buffalo in act 3 at camp after completing his quest called out for help like when he was trapped).I didn't have any technical issues, and I gotta say the loading and saving time was so fast I did barely noticed it.For the graphic♥♥♥♥♥s; the graphics were great, but more importantly the animation was good and didn't stutter.Other than that it was a great game. Hope the next game (not necessarily a sequel) will be longer and with more diverse gameplay options (story and combat) and bigger skill trees, so that it matches the great characters and worldlore you have in it."
76561198026892903,Recommended,243930,33450826,Posted: 11 July,all,Bijat,"A simpel action RPG that requer you to play ""the right way"".There is sidequests that is fun, but 90% of the game is pritty few options, alot of corridors.You have to main warr OR rogue..i highly suggest rogue..see no real bonus with warr and rogue got dodge...op ability...and can sprint during fights...etc...but get flaming sword asap....guardian ballz aint bad...but u need alot of mana for flaming sword + ballz + warr/rogue ulti...Dont play on higher then normal if u dont wanna waste your time...the difficulty on higher is alot higher...also last boss on hardest kinda req u to cheese it if u understand right...Also if u dont RLY feel the need to play it..i woud w8 until under 10 euro...i grinded qute abit and was afk abit and simply mucked around to mutch and only got abit over 26h....i know some ppl completed it in 12..honestly i guess if u know what u doin u can prob do it under 10h on easy mode if u skip all sidequests/talk with evrybody/grinding"
,Recommended,243930,30040181,Posted: 19 February,all,TheEastGamer,"Great game, will say its a little hard once you start but you get a hang of the controls pretty quickly with that the game just becomes a big adventure."
,Not Recommended,243930,11931575,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,twitch.tv/White_Rasta,Pretty meh all around. Combat is repetitive and boring. Story is forced. Most of the game your walking through narrow streets and paths as in everyone of their games. 4/10 Wait for $5 if your bored.
,Recommended,243930,10965576,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Chickennnnn,"This game is amazing, however that's basically decided on whether you choose to use daggers or if you choose to use swords/axes/maces. Daggers will create fun fluid gameplay where the outcome of a fight comes down to your own timed skill and placement. Swords/axes/maces are too clunky and will punish you the further you progress through the game.The story was awesome, lots of moral choices or even choices you might not pay much attention too (much like myself).Skilltrees and customisation was pretty meh overall. You can switch up parts of your gear for different defensive/few offensive bonuses but they don't really impact the game too much.Visuals were belter, everything looks nice and gothic-esque the way I like it. Creating a lovely atmosphere.Replayability-wise, I can see myself giving the game another playthrough and trying to beat it on the hardest mode (I did it on the one lower) although that will likely be my last playthrough as it's a linear game and they're not really designed for it.All in all I'd definitely recommend the game, it's a true singleplayer RPG with a wicked combat system, lovely visuals and a story that doesn't leave a bad taste in the mouth afterwards!8/10."
76561198045486395,Recommended,243930,11018351,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Wasza Niegodziwość,Sth between good old Gothic and Dragon Age.
76561198074721767,Recommended,243930,15437497,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,quakeman,"Best buy in long time, it gives me the feeling of old games. when I play I am in the game :)"
76561198013328690,Recommended,243930,14901689,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,rasabt,"Bound By Flame is an action rpg in core.Gameplay consists of alot of combat, which while not beeing great works and feels responsive. Balancing is a bit of and your perhaps better of choosing ""easy"" to start (changing later on when ur better and understand mechanics better).In the classic term you will progress alot, there's loot everywhere, there's exp to gain everywhere and you can shape your char in many ways. there are 3 distincs talent-trees and also the possiblity, similiar to The Witcher, to change your weapon-style in combat (fluid). Loot can be broken down into it's pieces, which is great initself cause you can still make use of items even when you don't need em anymore, and new gear, potions, etc. can then be craftet from said pieces.armor and weapons can be further modified by crafting and later on will offer quite some choices on how to build your char. there's also sorta mini ""achievments"", like killing x mobs with magic, which then can unlock new passive boosts for your char.all in all itemization and char-progression are well done, range combat, magic, meele all feels very fluid.you will also be able to take on of the many npc-companions with you while exploring and fighting, which can be given orders on how to handle battles.what makes the game is the story, the writing and the (english) voice-work. the story is quite interesting and feels mature, seeing as how you don't get one silly expotion after another. npcs tend to use curse-words, are not ""well""-spoken and compliment the gritty game setting quite well. your ""hero"" isn't a cliche anti-hero and lots of the story-dynamics hail also from him struggling with his own little problem. there's one major choice which will affect how the story plays out, your protagonist behaves and even how he looks (tryin to avoid spoilers).npc-followers are interesting themselves, ranging from a ages old undead over a sorta ""naiv"" kinda scholar bride, a rundown warrior who seeks glory/or death? and and and.over all story and conversations are very well done and offer the strong point in this game.clearly the production quality is not what you would expect from some big publisher, areas and visuals in general are not top of the class and can look a tad run down, chars tend to have blocki and clunky animations and the game world is a gigantic tunnel map with branching paths.yet still the game offeres some amazing moments and you would be wrong just to avoid it cause of some negativ reviews it might have got. i can definitly recommend Bound By Flame, perhaps not with a full price tag, but a mediocre ""sell"".The Spiders Studios pac is quite a good offer on the other hand Mars: War Logs, Of Orcs and Men and Bound by Flame are quite some good value for the price."
76561198049044497,Not Recommended,243930,19633226,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Behemoth,"Would have given it 7/10 since its relatively decent even though the story is rather incoherent but because there is no dodgeroll and instead you have only this jump-back in thief stance, WHICH LOCKS YOU INTO A COUNTERANIMATION IF YOU TIME IT WRONG EVEN IF YOU DON`T WANT TO ATTACK AND DON`T PRESS ANYTHING ELSE, it gets a 4/10. Usually you would think, timing your dodge perfectly with the enemy attack gives you bonus damage or something. No, you are locked into an animation that you cannot avoid and cannot cancel which leads to unavoidable damage in bossfights, especcially the last one.Incredibly infuriating and I am sick and tired of having to play around♥♥♥♥♥♥design, the game is hard enough as is."
,Recommended,243930,13167011,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,TheBatesRobot,"If you like BioWare games like Dragon Age and SWTOR, Then you should most definitely play this. Great gameplay, good story, although its a little short and not open world gameplay like Dragon Age, I still enjoy it. I HIGHLY recommend this if you enjoy Dragon Age."
,Recommended,243930,29015565,Posted: 4 January,all,Gir ★,"really cool and fun game,"
76561198052325310,Not Recommended,243930,11902108,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Greebz,"I bought it out of curiosity, played like two days. Got depressed."
,Recommended,243930,10067227,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Reohkiin,"A beautiful game, with a lovely soundtrack and a gripping story. It's a better Kingdoms of Amalur to me."
,Recommended,243930,19535480,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,564,6/10. Consider getting on -50% or higher discount.
76561198030290437,Not Recommended,243930,28103314,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Panda Blount,"it's alright, just super ez, until you get to the last boss, then it's not ez anymore"
76561198058413638,Recommended,243930,13822584,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,togan77,"Has it's moments but overall,feels unfinished...a shame really; as the moments it does well,burns brightly. 6/10"
,Recommended,243930,21028960,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Robert Shmurda,"I tend to be very critical of RPGs but despite all it's flaws this is a very charming game. The strong point being the challenging and engaging combat. Fighting in this game is honestly better than Skyrim.My biggest complaint with this game is that it feels too short; unfinished, even. I was not expecting the last boss to ACTUALLY be the last boss."
76561198049614194,Recommended,243930,20896894,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,oneyedkev,"Ok story plot great game ply suck a$$ vocie acting an weak attempts at humer, thats the short view of the gamwe if you can get it on sale like i did its well worth $4.99 would not suggest paying full price cause it's not worth it"
,Recommended,243930,21034663,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Nobistik,"This games alright from what I've played, wouldn't pay more than 10$ for it though."
,Not Recommended,243930,10853420,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Spice Must Flow,"DO NOT PAY MORE THAN $5.00 FOR THIS GAME. DON'T MAKE THE MISTAKE I DID.It could have been amazing. There are glimmers of good from time to time. Instead what we ended up with was horrid dialogue, absolutely zero story pacing, non-existent characters story, brain dead ally AI,  and some of the worst combat I've ever played.The entire combat is based around parrying enemy attacks. God help you if you miss one parry because a single hit quiet often takes a quarter to a third of your health at any point in the game. All the while your attacks take slivers off enemy health with buffs and crits. The game often throws multiple enemies at you while your partner stumbles around like a drunk retard. More than 2 enemies and it becomes too fast to parry. Get ready for lots of reloading and trying the same group all over again because someone got passed a parry and stumbled you.God just stay away from this garbage of game."
76561197972579398,Not Recommended,243930,12494578,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Strogg Warrior,"Before you look at my non-recommendation, hear me out. I would probably recommend this game if it came down to about $20-$25. I say this because the combat really isn't my cup of tea. I get that it does take a little more precision than what we're used to in hack and slash games, but this just gets repetitive and ultimately boring. Also there's no class system, (because god forbid we play a role in a roleplaying game). However, the big redeeming quality in this game is its story telling. I haven't had party members or a world this memorable since Mass Effect 2 guys. Still, if your looking for a good hack-n-slash rpg that attempts to beef up the hack-n-slash portion, I highly recommend Kingdoms of Amalur: Reckoning. Seriously that game gets no love."
,Not Recommended,243930,12468285,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,General Tophat-Curlystache,"Alright let me first start off with this, there are much better action RPG's in the world of steam. This game just feels extremely linear and pretty bland and generic. Nothing really WOWS me about it... The plot is bland and has been done countless times. (Insert badguy faction here) is attacking us and we are dieing and stuffs only the power of (random chosen destiny type magic ability out of nowhere) can save us. The combat is very clumsy and the voice acting... oh the voice acting.. heck even the dialog is bad.. Imagine you are watching Lord of the Rings and Legolas ends his let your arrow fly true line with ""ya crazy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s!"" or if half the cast just read from a script with no accent :P then you have this game...bottom line is, even though I got this game in a group package I still regret it. I'm not even sure if its worth a $5 sale sadly enough"
76561197973282142,Recommended,243930,10057240,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,SteveMasterZero,"For being a mid budget game its quite good.  The voice shows a little in the beginning but it gets better and better and combat is fun and plenty of diversity like a rpg should. Plenty of missions and side missions, story, crafting and rewarding combat. Its filling the void ive had since ive been burnt out on skyrim and couldnt get into dark souls II."
,Not Recommended,243930,10060042,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,zld,"Awkward combat, awkward dialog."
76561198017517462,Not Recommended,243930,15552604,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,mole2068,"Graphics wise the game is beast, but overall you can tell the game was somewhat rushed. Only one of the three endings goes into detail about what happens afterwards. The other two endings left me saying ""What, thats it? ... seriously?"" Going demon gives you two blah endings. Going human gives you one detailed ending, and one blah ending that is shared with the demon ending. Overall its not a bad game, but the fighting system seemed clunky at times. There is definitely a learning curve. The game was challenging even on the easiest setting. I gave up on normal after I died like 20 times in the swamps. They don't explain the crafting system very well so I had a difficult time at first since I hadn't upgraded any of my gear.  They also don't tell you that you can buy potions in town for cheaper than you can make them. Crafting materials usually aren't worth buying in town because gold is very limited, especially early on in the game. The game gets an overall 7/10 from me."
76561198069014297,Recommended,243930,12541723,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Brother Ezeekiel,"It's like Dragon Age 2, except it's enjoyable...And there's some hella customization...And there's big consequences to some actions...And it's fun."
,Not Recommended,243930,19482312,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Unredemption,"I wanted to like this game, and yet at every turn it continuously reminds me I shouldn't. The engine is blatantly re-used from their Mars game, and the combat is clunky and unsatisfying. The character models, even of the main party members, are down-right bad.I'm a fan of Western RPGs, and even then I didn't like it. Even worse, it's very short, taking me just 11 hours to reach the final boss."
76561198054743796,Not Recommended,243930,28088197,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,- Achillion -,"Nothing interesting here. If you want a true 3rd-person RPG experience, go buy The Witcher Series ! ;)"
,Not Recommended,243930,23644513,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,abbelyn,"The game is interesting and fun, but way too short.  I ws expecting to fight multiple ice lords, not just one."
76561197989999855,Recommended,243930,10055414,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Shadoan,"Now, I've only been playing for about 92 minutes of this game so far; and from what I've seen? I can make an accurate 'assumption' on how I feel the game to be. You can decide for yourself if this is helpful or not.The game feels like a typical RPG hack 'N slash, there are aspects of it that feel sort of like Dark Souls with the way that combat feels--only without the dodging and dying every five seconds, which I did, alot. Dying, I mean, not dodging--but instead of an annoying dodge mechanic (like so many other games, including MMORPGs, are attempting to utilize and failing miserably) they incorporate a split between a parry and a dodge. Depending on which stance you're utilizing.Parrying and blocking works the same way as it did in Dark Souls, can block an attack or you can hit it at the right moment and disrupt their attack and stun the enemy. But unlike in Dark Souls, where you had to physically attack to get the riposte, in this game it happens automatically as a reward for doing it successfully--and it does the same thing with dodging as well.The combat in this game is true to many RPGs, it is an active combat--meaning you have to be FACING your enemy and hitting the buttons to damage the enemy, you have to be aware if they have a shield up and you have ques alerting you when an enemy is about to unleash a POWERFUL ability. Which are ALL very nice touches and one of the reasons why I'll probably stick to this game for awhile yet.In most games designed like these (such as Of Orcs and Men and Game of Thrones), even the easiest difficulties are extremely hard--enemies are like tanks and you feel more like a 'poke to death' rather than an actual brutal warrior. In this game? They didn't go that route--they made the enemies health stay in comparison depending on which skills you branch into, but they do considerably LESS damage depending on how low the difficulty is.Now, I'm a person who doesn't like challenging combat. I'm far more interested in the storyline than in any difficult, or tactical battle. I want to just charge in, obliterate all the enemies, feel like a badass, and progress the story. And this game allows me to HAVE that, whilst also having it's own challenge--but it's at a degree to which I like. DO NOTE, however, that I AM playing the game on Recruit because, as I said, I don't really like challenging combat or combat that forces tactics. I'm a casual gamer, not a hardcore strategist.All in all, it's a VERY good game--I noticed NO bugs whatsoever whilst playing it. I definitely give this game a recommended feel. You might like it, might not.And for those of you who might be asking... yes, you CAN change the difficulty of the game whilst playing on the fly. So if a fight is too easy? Make it harder! Is it kicking your♥♥♥♥♥ Make it easier! And it has FULL controller support, giving a seamless flow between both an X-Box Controller as well as Keyboard/Mouse.Even with the graphics turned low for me (as my computer is not the best) the game's quality doesn't degrade from the experience whatsoever.Definitely a game you'd want to add to your library, if, for nothing else, a bit of challenging variety from the staple that most games in this day and age are flowing towards. Less emphasis on perfect spot-on reflexes and more emphasis on a more casual pace in fighting.Oh, and a last piece of advice--Bosses hurt. Alot. Don't get hit by them.Ow, my face."
,Not Recommended,243930,18670830,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,~~~~~Spoon,"It's set in a fantasy world, but conducted with 20th century slang and writing.  The combat was engaging at times, but nothing to bark at.It's an RPG that doesn't take itself seriously enough to keep its tone straight.  It's not the worst game alive, but I wouldn't go lookin' for this."
,Not Recommended,243930,30475495,Posted: 12 March,all,Crazyi,"This game is just really rough around the edges. Given that I have limited time and there are much better titles in this category, I simply cannot recommend this title.Story - I honestly would like to know where this is going, but.....Voice Acting - Sub par, certainly not professionals.Combat - Sucks. This game is just extremely unpolished. If there wasnt such great titles out there, maybe this wouldnt be so bad. The biggest thing that irritates me is you can only dodge one direction, backwards (and also only while dual wielding, durwut?). Basically that means arrows always hit you unles you just run around unengaged in a melee scenario. I personally don't like to swing once, run around  for 5-10s, swing once, run around 5-10s, etc etc etc. You dont get a shield or a sidestep dodge. I don't feel like my skill is winning fights, I am just cheesing the AI. I am playing on the higher difficulty.Skill Trees - The fact that 2handed is good at killing slow shielded enemies, and dual wield is good for killing fast and unprotected enemies, I need to be able to level all trees. There is also a magic tree, and my points are spread way to thin. Considering all three are needed, it would be nice to have a more fluid skill system that would let me adapt it to the environment, instead of picking a path and it being very suboptimal in some fights.As I said, if titles like Witcher, Dark Souls, Diablo, Dragon Age, Fallout, Assassins Creed, Batman, etc etc etc didnt exsist, I might recommend this. But they do, so screw this game. If you are really bored, have played through all of said titles, and are willing to lower expecatiations, maybe you will want to play this game...."
76561197998992116,Not Recommended,243930,17478076,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Hildegard von Schaltknüppel,"Really thought it was quite good. Not perfect, but all right. I found myself enjoying Chapters 1 and 2 and was prepared to give it a thumbs up. That is IF it weren't for the horrible end boss.Bosses are hard to do properly and BbF certainly failed at this point. While other bosses before that are easily manageable the last boss inexplicably ramps things up without balance or proportion. You could say the difficulty jumps from 0 to 100 which is really frustrating and I found myself dieing over and over which previously didn't happen.Anyways, I'll say that you can go ahead and buy the game IF it's on sale for at least 75% off AND IF you're 100% resistant to frustration...throw in a little bit of borderline tendencies and this is your game.Personally I can't be bothered to try and beat the boss again so I can reach the ending; painful as it is to me as passionate gamer BbF will forever remain unfinished in my library..."
,Recommended,243930,10057517,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,No hope For humanity,"Ok, I just finished the game, and really its an enjoyable experience.I'll some up the pros and cons herePros-Crafting system that is one of its kind (except to that of a flash game, but still a great idea)-Decision making , they promised here and they delivered, your actions determine well the fates of those around you, and later on yourself-Music, awesome-Gameplay (repetitive like most RPG's but great)Cons-Naming and customization of your character, (Fairly limited, also no matter what you do, you still go by vulcan)-Allies (Useful at times, but still....god.....only at times), Also, you control only one.-Enemies(Great and diverse, but.....they're like turrets in  a sense, get out of range, and they cant hit you but you cant hit them too)-Hp and Mana despite leveling up, your core base stats remain the same, they can be only augmented through feats, decisions, and finally, customizing"
76561198004409482,Recommended,243930,15471281,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Tanker,"I got this game on sale for $7.99. It's well worth it on sale. I know a lot of people compare this to DarkSouls. I've never played it, but this game is pretty good. The fighting system is pretty complex.I die a lot......because I just like wacking the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥out of everything. You have to be tactful."
76561198121214156,Not Recommended,243930,17879634,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,lautric,for free or never touch this gameeverybody hates its controls EVERYBODY!
76561198046278812,Recommended,243930,10995306,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Jesty,"I've played a good bit of this game and all i can say is.Gg, its a great game, the gameplay is isn't too boring or anything. The story is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome and i just love everything about the skills and menu of it all. There are alot of bad reviews for this game but i just said ♥♥♥♥ it and bought it anyway and i adore this game. I started my game on the Captain difficulty ♥♥♥♥ing hard as ♥♥♥♥ but so fun. Can't get enough of it and to make it even better i'm playing it side by side with a buddy of mine and were both doing Captain. Insanly fun, a must have. At least in to me."
,Recommended,243930,12452397,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,SleepParalysis,"I really enjoyed this game, gave me a sweet Witcher feeling, good voiceacting, sounds, music, atmosphere.."
,Not Recommended,243930,19463018,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,chronohart,"The controls in this game were pretty terrible. Also, nearly every new character was immediately hate-able as soon as they appeared on screen. The voice acting was fine, but the writing was awful."
,Not Recommended,243930,26480900,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Angwar,"Generic is the word for this game. Generic setting, story, dialogue, writing,  design, enemies just everything. The combat looks interesting but is mechanical wise actually pretty bad. Not fun and very clunky, enemies are suuuuper bullet spongy. Very often i will just literally stand in front of some trash mob for 20 seconds holding down left click till he dies. That is not very fun...I don't really see why i would play this when i could just replay witcher 3 instead."
76561198052267907,Recommended,243930,25434926,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,viirinsoftworks,"I'm trying to be as... unbiased as possible. With a ""yes/no"" system for recommendations, I don't find enough faults to♥♥♥♥♥♥on the game. But I wouldn't actually suggest it.GoodEquipment upgrades show themselves graphically, and they aren't minor.BadA lot of monsters at different times don't count for XP and you can't get loot from them. Pay attention to this so you don't fight endless battles for no reason.UglyEveryone's right, the lip synching... doesn't. So if you look at their mouths when someone talks, it won't look right at all. Ignore that and read the subtitles/captions, then you're fine."
76561197970835490,Not Recommended,243930,15445115,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,robblindsay,"This game wants to be Dark Souls so badly! but while with Dark Souls if the game kills you it feels like you messed something up and nothing feels cheap, this on the other hand feels cheap nine times out of ten. Combat is a boring chore, the animations take forever to execute meaning that enemy NPCs can dodge your sluggish attacks and hit you again while you're still executing the animations.The graphics are OK, some parts of the game look decent and character design isn't bad, not good, just not bad.Sound design is again, adequate, apart from some of the spoken dialogue which could have been a little better.A lot of the side quests fail to inspire and the vast majority of the game feels  'meh'.Buy this on the cheap if you feel like taking a look, you might get a few hours out of it before you get sick of it. Buy Dark Souls instead, you'll get a much more rewarding experience."
,Recommended,243930,19503450,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Froxity,Best adventure game but ♥♥♥♥ing hard as WELL.Im dead plenty times.By the way the game still the best.
,Not Recommended,243930,22795455,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Vis-kaya,"I have strongly conflicting feelings about this one.Game has pretty much only oneNEGATIVE,but it’s a big one, the combat mechanics. They are incredibly uneven across existent skill branches. Combat here is all about blocking, dodging, parrying and interrupting.But the only way to parry is to time your block or dodge to the very last second.Blocking can only be done in warrior stance and dodging only in rouge stance.Magical branch gets a defense buffing spell which barely does anything, and is close to useless thanks to cooldown and mana regen being what it is. And if you thinking about rolling to the side that’s just not a thing in this game. What kills me here is that there are achievements tied to unlocking each branch to 100%, so you would think that investing heavily in either branch is equally valid approach, BUT IT’S NOT.(Side note - with both XP increasing perks and doing all side missions by the end I was level 26, which isn’t max level, with grand total of 50 skills points to spend in any branch. To fully open either branch takes 36 points, so to get 3 achievements for all branches, that’s 3 playtrues. It’s just not worth it, don’t do that to yourself).And interrupting is the whole thing with some skills have it, some don’t. Some weapons being better at it, some worse, while some not even having it altogether. So pay attention to this stat because you will need it during boss fights.:phew: … Now me being done with that rant on to thePOSITIVESof this game, which kind of include everything else. Overall design is pretty thought thru, like wooden scabbard for heavy weapon somebody had to come up with that. Soundtrack is beautiful, visual style is lovely. Maps feel very much hand crafted, but considering that there isn’t a lot of them that’s not very impressive. So I’d say this game is one of those cases where it’s done by artists and not game designers or at least people who can’t read spreadsheets.Game is not very long, even if you’ll do every sidequest, some of which you may not even find. You will probably finish it in 15 hours. Also play it with controller, keyboard and mouse controls are crap.P.S.If you not sure what point I’m trying to make with this review following piece of truth may help. Developer + publisher combo that made this game have next one scheduled for June 28th. And after replaying Bound by Flame this month. I’m looking forward to playing The Technomancer with certainty that it will be beautiful, but also worry that combat in it will be just as cringeworthy. I hope they learned a few things since 2014."
,Recommended,243930,10363206,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Twitchy,game was to short
76561198170022002,Not Recommended,243930,20561640,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Iaquobe,just bad
76561198039147286,Not Recommended,243930,10609898,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Mite Bejerkenauf,"The skill tree in this game makes progression one of the most boring RPG experiences I've ever had. The story telling is slow and unimaginative. The graphics are decent though, and the gameplay combat is nice and fluid, but it's simple and easy even on the highest difficulty. The only trouble you'll have is the last boss.And to the♥♥♥♥♥♥heads who reviewed this game and said it was like Mass Effect but medieval, ♥♥♥♥ off. 2/10"
76561198010401337,Not Recommended,243930,10405323,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,paulystan,It is pretty lame. Poor at most things. I regret this buy.
76561198096377604,Recommended,243930,10060806,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,tauren85,I read a lot of post from people putting this game down before it released. I will just say that I am enjoying playing it and I am not sorry I spent money on it. I think we need to support these smaller studios that are going in the right direction
76561197968585561,Recommended,243930,12395126,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,sfcl33t,"Fist hour or two are rough, then it gets really good"
,Recommended,243930,23142835,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,∂αяк (Dark),hey wanna bash your head 5 times a day? well then this is the game for you!
,Not Recommended,243930,19551054,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,masteryoda120988,"SCREW THIS GAME. It s*cks bigtime. It's REALLY BAD. And not even the ""good"" kind of bad, like Ride to Hell Rettibution or Rogue Warrior, games which are so stupid and ridiculous, that they're hilarious. Nope. This is almost all bad, all the time: boring, bland, uninteresting and not fun at all. It has almost no redeeming factor.Where to f***ing start? The story... I never thought it was anything to write home about when I read the synopsis, but...this is just s*it. It looks like a horribly written, lame-*ss knock-off of G.R.R.M.'s work. Except the zombies in here don't even have anything to do with ice, despite them being animated by 7 ICE Lords. There's not even any winter (as far as I played). Why the f**k do they even call them Ice Lords????The voice-acting...HORRENDOUS. Everyone talks either like a robot or like they're high on every opiate known to man. The dialogue options make Bioware's wheel of responses feel like a masterpiece. So it wasn't enough that the story was s*it, they also ♥♥♥♥ed up the story-telling with some truly idiotic dialogue. Way to f**king go...Possibly the worst part of the game is the combat system. I have NEVER seen a game like this that can try so hard and succede to make you look  like a total pus*y when playing it. I know it's supposed to be an RPG first and foremost, but...NO, JUST NOOOOOO!! I never thought I'd see a real time, sword swinging combat that can actually manage to feel more boring, unintuitive and unnatural than turn-based combat. Why does my dumb-*ss, supposedly highly trained, meat-head mercenary character swing his sword like an old man with congestive heart disease that forgot his beta blockers at home? (doctor humor ha ha :-p ) And why is there almost no ammo for the cross-bow in all the terain I managed to cover in the 4 hours I managed to last through this game before I got thoughts of suicide? Despite the cross-bow being much more effective than the pathetic melee weapons in this game. And why do all monsters have pathetically telegraphed attacks to warn you when you have to dodge or block? And why can't I jump or dive-roll? This is HORIRBLE. I'm not asking for spectacle fighter level of combat, like in the DMC or GoW series, but... I dunna,  they could have just riped-off the combat system from the Arkham games. ANYTHING WOULD BE BETTER THAN THIS! I mean, WB has no shame in rehashing it in all of its other sand-box games and they didn't patent it or anything. Fable did a much better job in 2004. There's a similar, semi-obscure low-budget pseudo-RPG called Venetica that also did it better. There's no excuse for it!!!!! And since we're on the subject, this is a f**king RPG, right?  Why the f**k is it linear as hell and with horrible corridor-based level design? It should have been a sand-box, ffs... Even the goddamn flame demon powers are a joke. Most of them are useless, even the ones that aren't, they waste ALL mana after aproximately 3 casts. And it takes FOREVER to recharge. Because I'm sure that someone getting possessed by a demon, does it so he can look like more of a worthless pu*sy. The leveling-up and character progression system is also bland, stupid, lame and boring. I s**t you not, there's actually a feat that you put a single point in and increases sword damage by 2. WOW!!!! Don't even get me started on the useless daggers and the stealth system, which is more broken and useless than in Fallout 3. Don't get me wrong: the game is EXTREMELY difficult, but for ALL the WRONG reasons: clunky combat with sh*t controls. Almost all fights are won through trial and error and attrition: chaining 2-3 stabbs with one block or dodge and rincing and repeating about 10-12 times until the enemy dies. I am totally serious when I say  I had a fight with 4 guys that actually lasted about 10 minutes. Yeah...I timed it. Thus, the fun-factor is almost ZERO. Why do all the games want to be Dark Souls? If you're going to rip-off a classic, at least do it right, ffs.. Being hard and unforgiving is not the same as being unfair, stupid and not fun.The graphics are unimpressive, but serviceable. But even that little piece of praise goes out the window, because the game is optimized like♥♥♥♥♥and manages to actually run worse than much better looking similar games, such as Shadow of Mordor. Of course...So is there anything good I can say about this game, you ask? Well, there's the music. Yeah...as much as I'd want to bash this too, I have to admit: it's pretty ♥♥♥♥ing sweet. It suits the general atmosphere and feel of the game perfectly and was actually soothing enough to keep me from throwing my monitor out the window in rage of this awful garbage. Does it redeem the game at all? F**K NO. It'd be like re-watching Frozen, just because you like ""Let It Go"" (well, Frozen is actually a pretty good movie, especially for Disney standards and comparing it to this game is quite harsh and unfair, but I wanted to highlight the idea that music can't make you like something you don't have any other reason to like).Conclusion: It's not by any chance, the worst game I've played, but it's actually the first one that made me want to be able to get a refund. I got it for 6 euro, which was an 80% discont and I still feel I over-payed A LOT. You really have to have a lot of nerve and some balls of steel to charge 30 euro for this game... Alas, I played 4 hours of if, so it's too late now. Probably never will again. STAY AWAY! FAR, FAR AWAY. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY on this game, like I did.Score: 4 out of 10 - PRETTY ♥♥♥♥ING BAD"
,Not Recommended,243930,19287833,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,homedepottony,"What it got right felt good, but when I did all the side quests I found and was still facing the final boss after 12 hours I was very mad."
,Recommended,243930,10064217,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Josip Broz Tito,You can play as black guy 10\10.
76561198004022855,Recommended,243930,26327097,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,maldorf,"I got a great 25 hours of play time on this game. The action is good and controls are decent. It doesnt take the skill that a Dark Souls does but it is still satisfying. You can have a companion with you and direct the AI what to do. You can customize your armor and weapons as well as skills to match your play style. IMO the graphics and sound are pretty good. Ive seen some bad reviews of the game but I just dont agree. There are two paths you can chose for your character too and alternate endings. As a roleplaying game it is ok, mostly action but there are RPG charateristics. The voice acting is a bit lousy but the script is ok. I really appreciated the time they put into the cut scenes and the story. There is an undead character that is really cool, and he turns out to be the narrator at the end."
,Not Recommended,243930,20200780,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Deviant,"Slow combat and hordes of enemies. Also, poorly made and fairly buggy."
,Not Recommended,243930,24088707,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Mendhak,"I bought this while looking for an RPG with rewarding combat in pleasing environments.I think it works in that regards to theenvironments, although it quickly became obvious that all 'areas' are just roads and you're narrowly restricted most of the time.  I was able to achieve the 90fps cap, so movements were smooth.However that's pretty much where it ends in terms of favorability.  Everything had potential and you could see that potential too... the game just didn't achieve it.Combatbecame repetitive, sluggish and clunky quite quickly.  It felt like a chore rather than something to enjoy.  Further, it isn't explained very well.  Enemies are tough, but not in a rewarding way.Theskillsfelt imbalanced - and this may be down to personal experience - although I was playing exclusively as a ranger, I noticed that the drops were almost always for warriors (1:9 ratio).  The concepts of stealth and criticals simply didn't apply to certain kinds of enemies, and I started wondering if they could have done away with the ranger tree altogether - just stick to warrior and pyro.Thestoryis there, it's definitely there and has potential but... then it isn't.Voiceacting wasn't too bad, I thought it was decent and didn't take itself too seriously.Companionsfelt useless, their healing, hits and defense were mediocre at best.--------Everything feels somewhat rushed or half-implemented, and after playing other RPGs it's difficult not to compare.Overall - not recommended, unless there's a massive discount and you're curious about it.  I would be immensely interested if this game were redone with a bigger budget.(Note: Steam hours shown are incorrect, wondering if it has to do with offline mode)"
76561198094547440,Not Recommended,243930,19544674,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,ark.krol,"Unplayable on linux due to camera bug - camera always goes down, forcing you to shake your mouse as madman.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G-aTVuEMHFA"
,Not Recommended,243930,19539730,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Hazmatt,"Trust the review rating.Hollow. Barely even qualifies as an rpg, all relationship and plot choices act like something will happen but for the most part never change anything. It feels a like a regular linear campaign pretending to be an rpg.Unfininshed. It's blatantly obvious the entire game that they planned to do a lot more and scrapped most of it. So instead a complete smaller scale game, we have a medium game with nothing but fetch quests to eat up time, and unfullfilled build up.Glitchy. Various, but to give you and idea: There is ""light"" function in the game for when it is night or to otherwise illuminate dark places. During my game it stopped working in the first 4th of the game and never worked after that. Meaning that the game not only looked very ugly whenever it was dark, but was also difficult to play. About half of the remaining game took place in dark or very low light enviroments.Unwieldly. The combat feels rushed. It entirely lacks what I call ""game feel"", or how closly what you try to do matches what actually happens on screen. It's very frustrating trying to fight that disconnect when you are having to combat multiple enemies at once who can kill you in a second if you fail a block or parry. Later this far too often means you have to play very cautiously spamming ranged skills, while getting in single melee hits during the very short openings.It's not like I had no fun at all, but in retrospect I wouldn't have bought it and I would never recommend it."
,Not Recommended,243930,19546734,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,徐行,"This is a good game... if now is 2005.bad graphics, long and boring ""think aloud"",relatively nice music that got repeated a lot,ugly fem main character,ugh... money wasted."
76561198004218309,Not Recommended,243930,19545120,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,StarSepp,"+ Interesting story, though heard in some variation a dozen times.+ Nice Graphics- Bugged Combat System, Enemies do a lot of damage that you cannot block, sneaking is almost impossible on some occations, all in all far too much damage from enemies on second difficulty.- Companions useless in battle because of lacking AIAfter playing this a while, i just tossed it into the virtual corner due to too many deaths on my side. Dont want to repeat scenes 10 times in order to get by them by being lucky."
,Not Recommended,243930,19540170,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Eilibex,"This feels like an unfinished game that had the last act developed by an entirely different studio, simply because the original studio went ""♥♥♥♥ it, cant be bothered, you finish it""Hitboxes are terrible, sometimes being almost twice the length of the visible weapon or attack, sometimes missing attacks that are right in your face (these are less common though, mostly just on the rarer enemies like the Mimic things)Dialogue and voice acting is passable at best, god awful at worst, and the subtitles have a tendency to include words that arent said, and have a good number of subtle typos.The game claims to have 'every choice count' when in all seriousness most of the choices are menial, with only one or two choices per act (of the three Acts, too) meaning♥♥♥♥♥♥ and most of the other smaller choices being unable to change your mind or take back for no good reason. (What do you mean i cant go 'oh wait, i DO suspect you' just because i told the dude i 'trusted' him. Bull♥♥♥♥♥♥reason whatsoever)The trailer above (first one) shows far faster and more fluid and responsive (and fair) gameplay than the game even is, with most of the fights being a 15 minute long shitfight because half the enemies in the game have a healthbar youd expect to find in a JRPG... except they arent difficult regardless. Its a pointless combat lengthening technique that doesnt serve anything but to emphasise the tedium this game has. It has three skill trees, but make no mistake, you WILL jack of all trades if you try to focus on all three.Your character is a very preset character, make no mistake, you have very few faces, very few hairs, and despite what GAMESRADAR (shame on you, Mass Effect is nothing like this♥♥♥♥♥♥ might imply, your character has a VERY set personality. You dont get to be a super nice and friendly merc, you just get to choose what level of Renegade you want to be. Either the reckless ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ME1-2 renegade, or the ""♥♥♥♥ all my friends' ME3 renegade, if you WANT to use Mass Effect as a comparison.The fights are at best tedious, and at worst blatantly unbalanced. All the difficulty this game has comes from the amount of cluster♥♥♥♥ the fights are. The bosses that you fight alone are trivial at their hardest and pose very little challenge, but the smaller groups of enemies fought between can be either not too hard, to downright obnoxious. Quite frequently chucking a bunch of enemies at you with large(r) healthbars and extremely spammy attacks. Come ACT3 (Which is where my first sentence came from) and you will be fighting ONE enemy composition. Well, if you want to be specific, three, but its not different enough to count. Literally, its one or two different enemies in the group, but still basically the same fight. All involved are just a lot of AoE spam. Oh, and the archers can literally shoot arrows at you WHILE THEYRE RUNNING AWAY AND THEIR BOW ISNT EVEN DRAWN. OUT OF THEIR♥♥♥♥♥♥ AND ITLL SLOW YOU DOWN, SO YOU COULDNT EVEN CATCH THEM IF YOU WANTED.Boss fights are quite simple, very rarely posing any real challenge, except for the final boss, where the only difficulty is artificial difficulty created by a stupidly long fight that is just two boring phases over and over again.Only good thing i can say about this game is that the graphics arent terrible. Sure, youd hope for more back in 2014, but not terrible.(also, i DID complete the whole game, before anyone claims i gave up and just made this review out of rage. i dont regret the time i spent playing the game, but i wouldnt recommend it)TLDR: If you were looking at this game, and thinking it looks and sounds like a Action RPG version of Dragon Age or similar, look elsewhere. If youre looking for a balanced, well rounded and engaging game, look elsewhere. If youre looking for a Dark Soulsy game but made with different minds behind it, look elsewhere. If youre looking for a punishing game that does very little to recommend itself, and quite often beats you into the ground with very little blame laying on the player... well... enjoy. I guess."
76561198025359639,Not Recommended,243930,20095895,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,toddbert,"Crashes on launch when using the Steam controller, which it's meant to work with."
76561198053844197,Recommended,243930,10067313,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,who ha 32,GOOD GAME I FINISED IT IN 9 HOURS COULD HAVE BEEN BETTER IF YOU COULD HAVE BEEN ABLE TO PLAY OVER WITH THE CHARCTER YOU FINISH WITH IN THE FIRST TRY WITH ALOS MERCHANTS COULD HAVE SOLD BETTER GEARS AND THE LOOT DROPS COULD HAVE BEEN BETTER ALSO WAIT FOR A PRICE DROP NOT REALLY WORTH ASKING PRICE  COULD HAVE BOUGHT A CARTON OF SMOKES FOR THAT PRICE  CAN NOT WAIT FOR DYING LIGHT TO COME OUT I WOULD PAY  WHATEVER FOR THAT GAME THOUGH
76561198012710744,Not Recommended,243930,16579882,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Celestya,"The gameplay, writing and voice acting all just fell super flat. With little variety or nuance in the combat and very poor and inconsistent writing styles, it makes this a hard to recommend RPG."
,Recommended,243930,19515652,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Mattster,Would have paid full price
76561198119154702,Not Recommended,243930,20594801,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Zero,"I've been through many rpg's with many different styles. I have to say that this was just overhyped and overcooked with trailors that made the game seem better than it actually is.After playing for only two hours, I was extremely bored with the repetitive combat and dull atmosphere of the whole game. If there was a way for me to get my money back I would gladly take it.TLDR:- Way too repetitive- Boring gamplay- Boring Story (Generic rpg plot)- Dull"
,Not Recommended,243930,17865081,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,iScott,Just dont : )Dont even get it on sale :^)
76561198092239123,Recommended,243930,19466736,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,EvaC,"Pretty amazing game, you won't regret it"
,Not Recommended,243930,14331434,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Mephis182,nbo
,Recommended,243930,16437839,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Crimsondovahkiin,Great game for the cost. Recommend to any RPG fan.
76561198276378176,Recommended,243930,23509759,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,silver 90000,Love it!
,Recommended,243930,23805438,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Cthulu Seemonster,Very good and story rich
,Not Recommended,243930,18926407,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,craizedwayz,I cant believe I wasted a day playing this frustrating and buggy mess. I just don't like to waste money. This game is extremely unbalanced. Fight one shield skeleton and destroy it. 2 minutes later fight the same skeleton and its a freakin' tank! I wont even start on the end boss. The music is enjoyable at least.4/10
,Recommended,243930,19649147,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,DC,"Potential spoilers: you have been warned.Bound by Flame is a game that, while not something I would have felt incomplete without playing, I did find enjoyment in. Kudos to the creators of the game for giving me a game that genuinely♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off the first dozen times that I attempted the final boss. I haven't gotten mad at a game like that in a very long time. Granted, that was part of my own ignorance, but I'll explain why in a moment.The storyline to Bound by Flame is rather generic and without true backbone; you become the host to an entity that holds the power necessary to help put an end to the ""war"" going on between the Ice Lords and the rest of Vertiel. You wind up having to focus on choices of morality—do I let the demonic entity grant me power, causing me to lose my humanity, or do I keep my humanity and struggle through things? My first playthrough was done via the demonic choices; I wanted to see what it would be like if you succumbed to its influence. So, the first chance I got, I accepted the demon's offer, and from then on, I didn't quite get the feel that I was actually given a choice to combat the demon quite like that one turning point. Perhaps it was more subtle, such as choosing to help certain people instead of striving to purify the Worldheart, but these are things that I suppose I will find out during my ""human"" playthrough.Aside from this demonic being's attempt to sway you, there isn't a whole lot to the story. Yes, there is a war going on. Yes, you will eventually storm an Ice Lord's domain and have to fight him, but here's where the reason is for why I gave this a positive review. Being as confident as I was with myself after defeating Lord Blackfrost's concubines, I figured I was safe to take him down and finish the game. I knew I would have to purify the Worldheart, but I figured that was just going to be something that happened via cutscene. So, when I was asked if I was ready to enter Lord Blackfrost's realm, I was under the impression that it was the final boss, and I figured ""yeah, I got this"". I had no healing potions, a couple dozen bolts for my crossbow, and a lacking Pyromancer skill tree (I was a ranger stance fighter).Blackfrost was no problem, but they caught me by surprise when they took me into the Worldheart where it was revealed that, lo and behold, there was another boss to be fought. Fighting with scraps, I spent a good 4+ hours beating my head against a wall, trying to defeat the demon there. They did a final boss fight the right way. Compared to the rest of the game, which was rather easy to stroll through, the final boss is the absolute highlight of the game. I'll probably come back to this review as I try a more in-depth playthrough with my human character that I've started up."
76561198032336888,Not Recommended,243930,26438805,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Maithroes,Fair Game Machanics...Far Too Many Crashes; with the final one in Blackthourne's Palace preventing me from progresing at all...Recommendation:  NO / Do NOT Pruchase.
,Not Recommended,243930,18750476,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,sALADĪN,"Awful, just awful."
,Recommended,243930,18587997,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,ArthaSLaureNN,"Bound by Flame is a fantasy-themed action role-playing game. It puts the player in the role of a victim of a demonic influence, where it's necessary to choose between the evil powers that are offered or rejecting them in favor of developing heroic talents. Pretty damn good game overall. Yes there are issues with the combat that isn't fully explained that leads you to despair but if you work at it, it soon becomes easy to handle that most fights you'll dance around your foe and kill them off with very little damage to you. Voice actors as always are a bit hit and miss but not really a big problem as lots of games suffer that.8/10"
,Recommended,243930,26314923,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,draxxG,So much like Dragon Age
,Not Recommended,243930,10059941,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Micki Ninaj,"After playing a bit longer I decided to re-write my review and make it a bit less confusing to read.Sadly for starters I still don't think this is a 40€ game but rather a max 20€ game but I do feel less bad about spending my money on it than I did this morning.I'll rather start with the negatives:- Graphics, even on highest setting, are not 2014 quality. But are they blinding bad? No. Just not what you'd expect from a brand new game with such price.- The character creation is still pure blasphemy. You can't have a RPG with such a limited character creation in modern gaming - pick from very few premade faces and hairstyles (in ONE color)? Yeah, no. This part for me is unforgiveable.- Very difficult combat which might turn the least patient or least skilled player away. The difficulty levels are not balanced like you'd expect them to be.- Animation issues such as character lip sync and lack of facial expressions: without holding back it looks absolutely terrible. One can easily get over this by not focusing on it but it's still baffling they didn't give more focus on this part.And now the positives:- The story and characters are interesting and unique. I saw few people mock the dialoque in their reviews but in my opinion it is absolutely genius. You rarely see such humor in RPG's and I personally find it very refreshing. I also want to give high points to the voice acting which goes hand in hand with the quirky dialoques.- As opposite of the negative: it offers lots of challenge what it comes to combat so if you seek a challenge this one is for you.- Simple yet fair crafting system + talent boost system.That is all. Now do I recommend this game? No, not right now. Not in the current price. When it's on sale? Absolutely."
,Not Recommended,243930,10058374,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,jmct,"Combat is clunky. Enemies don't seem to flinch much when attacking. Voiceovers are atrocious. Feels like I'm watching a chinese kung-fu movie where the mouths move 10 second after they stop talking.Battles are like so:Attack, attack, block.Rinse and repeat until dead.$40 not well spent unfortunately, but that's what you gamble when trying a new game."
,Not Recommended,243930,10059081,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Electrick,"It feels to tedious, honestly i played a good hour or two of this game and from what it feels your companions are practically brain dead and can't fend for themselves, and the enemies have alot of health and i mean alot. Though this doesn't mean the game is bad this does mean the game is making the combat tedious. Though i do find the game challenging its mostly due to the fact, the heavy weapon doesn't feel like it has enough backing behind it and the daggers seem like the better option. And don't get me started on the crafting system... I wasn't even able to get to a town yet to buy potions before i threw down the controller since you need 12 tainted blood to make health potion. Doesn't seem to difficult right? wrong. You would have to literally farm from the undead horde if you wanted to make the health pots which makes the crafting entirely unsatisfying. Unless you want a game you want to continuely wacking monsters with a 2handed swords with no reward at al, play this game, if not stay far away..."
,Recommended,243930,10054433,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Bhood,"OK truth be told Bound by flame just came out, now a days when a game just comes out it needs updates its not a bad game, so if you have patience then wait for steam summer sale and get it if not suck it up enjoy and wait for the updates to improve it,"
,Recommended,243930,10056426,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Zero,This game reminds me a little bit of Kingdoms of Amalur: Reckoning .. altho the combat is a little slower.. but altho this game is not a AAA game... it is pretty fun and the bosses look awesome!I will do a full walkthrough of the game .. the first part you can find it here :https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FBJ2K5xravA&feature=youtu.beThe game is awesome... i like it ... and i recomand it to anyone that likes Action RPG games and will not expect this to be a mind blowing Title ...
76561198017076013,Not Recommended,243930,23526130,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Texelion,"Well, here is another half-@ssed game by Spiders, the masters of lies and deceit who think they are an AAA studio now because the graphics are not as ugly as before ( just look at the price of their next game, Technomancer... ). First thing first, the game doesn't look at all like the screenshots and presentations they did, it's quite ugly with that old PS3 feeling, characters look bad, environments look bad, animations are sh!it, post effects try to hide the uglyness but just make it even worse. Oh and don't forget the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ cliché story, laughable voice acting and lip sync... They couldn't even make working quest markers, they constantly indicate the wrong location, or closed gates, and don't correspond to the actual quest tracked in the journal.And then there is the combat. Some say it's hard and challenging, while in fact it's clunky and downright unfair, as your character is always at a disadvantage simply because all the enemies are faster than you, hit harder, while you need to use all the resources at your disposal to take a single enemy down. Sometimes you hit them and don't even see their life bar diminishing, because your attacks are extremely weak, and theirs are devastating. And I play in EASY !So, if you're a masochist enjoying unfair difficulty and like to spend 10 minutes hitting a single enemy to take him down, go on, play this game, you'll love it.If you're a normal person, just take a hammer and smash your hand with it, it will have the same effect."
,Not Recommended,243930,22330938,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,JoinedSenses,"♥♥♥♥ this ♥♥♥♥ing game. The dialogue is dumb, but bearable. The ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ing combat system makes me want to slam my head on a wall. Its like this game wants to be Dark Souls, but did the absolute goddamn worst job ever. Boss fights are frustrating and not fun at all. I want to throatpunch the developers. Waste of my time and money. Just change the name of the game to ""Running in Circles Simulator"" for accuracy. Uninstalled after spending 3 hours on the final boss fight on ""Normal"" difficulty. Didnt even beat it.  ♥♥♥♥ this game."
76561198007906079,Not Recommended,243930,10057537,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,pat,This game is trash the combat system is a joke. i cannot understate my distaste for it the only thing that was done right with this production was the marketing. It is an utter waste of money avoid it like the plauge.combat system consists of hiting enemys once then dodgeing/blocking untill the enemy attacks rince repeat. enemys constantly attack with the exact same move but that does not matter as each of your attacks does about 5-8% of their hp and each of their attacks does 20-40% of yours. Combat does not flow at all as your attacks dont stop or slow enemy attacks enemys just keep attacking and with the difference in damage they will win a straight fight every time. If your idea of fun is nothing but spaming 1 attack then dodge or parry then this is the game for you.Garbage utter garbage anyone who says otherwise either has an agenda or has standards so low they think susan boyle is a bombshell.
76561198079585375,Recommended,243930,14289235,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Khard51,"Excellent Game! It's a little rough around the edges, and some parts of the dialogue are downright laughable but it is an overall a fun game with an oldschool feel. Don't buy this game if you aren't up for a challenge though, as you will most likely be looking at the game over screen quite frequently. If you are up for a challenge however you should strap in your gag ball and prepare to say ""Thank you sir may I have another?"""
,Recommended,243930,34008294,Posted: 3 August,all,WhiteKnife,I absolutely love Bound by Flame and Spiders. Super excited for Greedfall too!
,Not Recommended,243930,33640383,Posted: 18 July,all,Evil Dave,"Just played for the ACHIEVEMENTSWhy? Well I payed the game in the release date, and triedFIrst 10 - 20 minutes and uninstalled. Why? simple. BAD RPG GAME!After so many years, I decided to complete it 100% becouse I have nothing more to play lolThe good:- Good graphics (not the best but ""okay"")- Storyline is acceptabe. No more no less- Soundtrack is good- You can customize every hammer, axe, sword, daggers and armor with a lot of things- Badass armors- ACHIEVEMENTS and CARDS! I would say the only good thing about this garbageThe bad:- BUGS! bugs everywhere. Like your partners being glitched in a corner or whatever- Armors looks s**t in a female character (except the Ranger and Mercenary outfit)- Average optimitzation for be DX9. Disapointing (playing with an strong pc)- The only game where being the bad one (demon) is not fun at all. Meh- Very short. This is an RPG? ACTION 90% RPG 10%. Come on!- The combat is just horrible. If you are in your first playthrough just upgrade the Ranger / Pyromancer skills becouse the Warrior class will make you pain in the head. Trust me.- CAPTAIN difficulty (the hardest) is a JOKE! Yes, as I said. No problem beating it. NNNOPEIf you want a good RPG game, try Skyrim. Or if this one its to hard for you, try Kingdoms of Amalur6/10"
,Recommended,243930,12528928,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Arkaethen,"Bound By Flame, an RPG with darksouls difficulty combat and the coolest demon ever.*Spoilers pop up later, will give warning*So, let me just start off by saying, it's an indie game.  It takes alot for me to not be dissappointed by a game's parts, so for all means, this will be some♥♥♥♥♥♥thrown at the game itself.  Judging the game off its worst parts, it would be a terrible game.  If, however, you're willing to not be looking for a mass media level game, which this isn't, then you will be disappointed.  You run that risk on any games not made by the companies who have been doing this year after year.Spiders doesn't seem to have been in business all -that- long.  The only time I'd ever heard of them before was in Mars: Warlogs, which made me hesitant at first.  The voice acting and mechanics in Mars: Warlogs, were unrealistic and clunky respectively.  To point out a few things, the first few women I met in Mars: Warlogs made me want to gouge out my eyes, and the combat left me feeling like I was trying to throw a bag of meat out of the way of bullets while being constantly wrecked.  Thinking back on it, its mechanics may have been better suited to a medieval RPG.  That's where this game comes in.Once again, we live in clunk city for the combat.  As interesting as it was, as difficult as it may have been while still being possible, it was in the end a bit rediculous to use.  It wasn't the most aerodynamic thing, and for the life of me, I could never seem to get the parrying right.  Crossbows seemed vastly underpowered, and I only seemed to be able to find 3 different crossbows, though that could be because I didn't end up searching endgame corpses.  The game brings this back with its magic.  I loved the constant balancing between casting time and trying to formulate a plan of attack.  Trying to use only one of the branches would usually leave you pretty beat.  (Except the OP rangers, but they have bombs.)  Balancing magic casting times and sword swings, you had to be able to think on your feet in order to dodge, block, and flame your way to victory.  This aspect could be re-done so many times, its replayability is quite nice.  The combat, overall, was a good thing.*WARNING, SPOILERS BELOW*What wasn't so good, was the storytelling and the arcs you were forced into.  I realize the game has to be created around a story and allowing people to make choices causes you to have to script more, but did you really have to make sure the same events took place regardless?  And then, in the end, you come down to two answers. . . based on a question you were asked near the beginning.  Now, that is ludicrous for two reasons.  Firstly, their question was near the beginning of the game, meaning your endings were decided right next to the beginning, with no questions about it in between.  Secondly, they asked you whether or not you wanted to use a demon's power.  Not only did they never ask how far you would use it, but they never warned you that you would lose all humanity.  They said your souls would combine, and warned that you might lose humanity, but in the end, even with all the horns and burning skin, your character still SPEAKS human, and still ACTS human, with fire of course, but not much else.  They try to tell us that we lose control or something if we take the demon path, which is BS.  The way I had seen it, there honestly should've been the chance to oh. . . I don't know. . . GIVE YOUR LIFE LIKE A MARTYR?  I honestly thought that was where they were going.  They said that the demon could grant powers, and others encouraged you to use it.   To save humanity that is.  And in the end, it's like star wars, and you became the Sith. . . without meaning to in the slightest.  That seems quite unfair, honestly.  And yet, it caused me to play the game again, so I must be the idiot in this situation.  Even after all that, and I mean, for a while, that made me mad, I did think back on it, and it does make sense.  I relate it to the holocaust, honestly, because for so long, the humans in this story, much like the Jewish in WWII were hunted down, and exterminated.  But what could they have lost in trying to break free?  Most who were killed, to their dying breath, still stood for what they believed in, and when they died, they died in peace.  Honestly, the option to become a demon shouldn't have even been an option, because that purpose the humans have, it could've become far more prominent.  And that's why I find it more a broken feature than a folly in itself.  It's forgivable.The music is among some of the best I've heard lately.  I want to know what language the songs are in so bad.  The final battle, I lived for that moment when my heart started beating heavily, and the mirror demon began to fight our protagonist.  And suddenly, it was all over.  And it felt like it was over.  It left no room for idiocy, though space for another game.  They let you wrap up with everyone, and that feels like it was important.  You could see the ending knowing everything was over.Now, to relate this game to a mega corporation's product like Dragon Age, that'd be too harsh on this game.  Currently, anyways.  But it was worth a try, and I for one have been impressed by the powder master, Vulcan, and his adventure.  I look forward to seeing if Spiders gets even better for their next game."
,Not Recommended,243930,31200868,Posted: 17 April,all,Yellow,"As someone who loved Mars War Logs(from the same company) i had a lot of hopes for this game, however they all fell flat.There are very little(if any) noticeable improvements to the combat and RPG systems they had in place. The fantasy setting just feels overused and cliche, and they made the same mistake of rushing the story towards the end, exactly as in Mars War Logs... not to mention the extreme difficulty spike of the last boss.Only real noticeable improvements are on voice acting and graphics, but even those are not AAA quality.Definetly not enough improvements overall to excuse the increased price tag of almost twice the release price of their previous games. Cant recommend at all."
,Not Recommended,243930,15460613,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Batman,"No, game sucks. It tries to be like Dark Souls but it's not.Voice acting is cringe worthy.glad I got it on sale."
,Recommended,243930,10160304,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,goka9696,This game is what Dark Souls 2 should have been. Buy it.
,Recommended,243930,10062519,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Nado_Ong,This game is hard for me :(
76561198291085109,Recommended,243930,31828330,Posted: 18 May,all,SNK,Good game and excellent value for money.  Play with a gamepad and it's complusive and fun.  Tough combat but great skill tree and crafting. Recomended.
76561198006605505,Not Recommended,243930,18114606,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,DanteYoda,"What can i say...The game is broken, clunky combat, overly punishing and frustrating... Bound by flame is not worth your money, stay away..Months later bugs still exist, issues that are game breaking, and apparently zero fixes on the horizon..It could have been an amazing game but not from these developers."
,Not Recommended,243930,33334860,Posted: 6 July,all,Prophet of Wrath,"Gameplay (especially with gamepad) is fantastic - combat is especially fun. The specialization system was, I felt, very narrow and uninspired. Nothing really made me gravitate toward any of the 3 specialization trees, thus each set of abilities felt kinda ""meh"" - nothing to get excited about. On the plus side, there's some fantastically subtle humor in this game that, if you get it, you'll definitely choke on your beverage of choice in laughter.The problem with this game can be summed up as...WHAT THE HELL AM I DOING WHY AM I POSSESSED BY THE DEVIL AND KILLING ILLIDAN STORMRAGE AT THE END?Seriously, the game has such great potential IF YOU CAN JUST UNDERSTAND WHAT THE FRAK IS GOING ON.Good voice actors in this game, the dialogue is mostly decently-written and delivered but...it's like they're MISSING HALF THE FRAK'N STORY.Combat/gameplay are compelling enough to finish the game once and only once. Then you'll be horribly let down by an ending that makes absolutely no sense at all (the devil threatens you not to kill yourself but doesn't do anything about it when you do/if you do? If you don't kill yourself then you get...err...what the hell am I looking at here? And why's this one-armed zombie with a sword following me around all the time?)It's confusing and contradictory which really detracts from what could have been a stellar game....if it made just one iota of sense."
76561198091858201,Recommended,243930,31653594,Posted: 9 May,all,Rev,"TL/DR: good game worth it on sale 100%Ok well if anyone is reading this then you are either intrested in purchasing this game or you wonder why the rating is mixed well here are my two cents.this game as a rpg i would give it a 8/10decent storydecent combatintersting charactersall in all i was very pleased with this gameif you are still not sure pick it up while it is on sale i would say it 100% worth it on a saleI was able to buy all of ""spiders"" games while on sale and just now being able to play them, this ismy first one and i must say im impressed and cant wait to play the other ones!"
,Not Recommended,243930,35143369,Posted: 22 September,all,Osta,Witcher-type game wannabe. Bad mechanics. Bad game.
,Recommended,243930,26341409,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,SlowHam,"It's like if a 3rd world country made Dragon Age: Origins.Still better than DA2 or DA3, but by no means is it a AAA game.  So don't go into it expecting perfect graphics and voice work.I'm still playing through it, but I really like what I've seen so far.  The music is amazing."
,Not Recommended,243930,17684328,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Molly,"Its just awful. The fighting mechanics are impossible to use, the story is terrible and the voice acting is atrocious."
,Recommended,243930,19534579,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,My name is Vladimir Putin,JUST A FEW WORDS HOLLY ♥♥♥♥ING ♥♥♥♥♥!!!! THIS GAME ROCKS!!! PERFECT COMBAT SYSTEM AWESOME SKILLS GOOD STORY 10/10
76561198140192482,Not Recommended,243930,19511340,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Basedswagdaddy,This is just sad you cant skip this crappy cut scenes i just want to start to play the game not wantch some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t this game is by far one of the worst ive ever played.
,Not Recommended,243930,16638858,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Sykres,One of the worst games I've ever tried to play. Don't even bother.
76561198012709659,Not Recommended,243930,16667934,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,NinjaJoe,"It's an ok game, it could be A LOT better.  Honestly half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at best."
,Not Recommended,243930,16681025,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,FoltzwithBoltz,trash
,Not Recommended,243930,19787297,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Tasker 2016,Nah.
,Recommended,243930,19510801,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Homefront23,Omg best freaking game i've ever played in my whole life time 10/10
76561198079116773,Not Recommended,243930,28302850,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Gilafax,"Linear story, subpar voice acting and repetitive gameplay wha more could you ask for.....LOTS."
,Not Recommended,243930,18941882,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,defective pancake,"I played this game a year ago and the memories of the bad times I had while wasting hours of my life on this unholy abomination will forever haunt me. It's one of the worst games to ever exist in this rotten world. Everything, from gameplay to story and level design, is absolute, irredeemable garbage. The difficulty is purely artificial, and final boss fight is absolutely ridiculous. It's not even ""challenging difficult"", in fact it's a boring fight that makes you repeat the same things in a pattern for hours, and heavens may grant you mercy if you don't stick to the plan (they won't, though). Gameplay is bland and repetitive, level design consits of small linear locations with enemies respawning out of your♥♥♥♥♥(literally), and on top of that you have to roam the same old narrow paths back and forth a couple of times when they already grow old on your first exploration. The game's plot barely holds itself together as it's main goal is being edgy just for the sake of it, and while I usually have absolutely no opinion about characters swearing and acting like a bunch of angsty teenagers despite being grown-ups, somehow it gets really, really annoying here. Companions are utterly useless, they're probably only there for the sake of shoehorned ""romance"" that does absolutely nothing for the characters themselves. Of course, it's hard to do something about the supporting cast who're about as three dimensional and entertaining as advertisement leaflets. Oh yeah, if you don't want to miss out on that, you'd better forget about swapping one useless tool for another equally useless one. Subquests are pointless and exist for the sake of attempting to make you feel bad for not doing them but joke's on the developer, it's impossible to give a damn about anything in this game, especially demise of some unfortunate fool with 2 lines of dialogue total. Crafting, while present in this game, is absolutely useless.Conclusion: if you want to play a bad game developed by the same studio, but of a slightly more tolerable degree, look into Mars: War Logs. The boob bait in this game isn't worth it, even if you're less than 18 years old."
,Recommended,243930,10661316,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,AdreannaDrea,"The best game I've played since Bioshock Infinite. I adore everything about it, amazing combat, great story, pretty cool characters. The voice acting leaves a little to be desired in some places, but honestly, I can look past that. GET IT."
,Not Recommended,243930,17877042,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Authentic Aliens Experience,infuriating hard final boss that consistently causes a crash when you target and attack her partner's head on its third/fourth appearance. gg
,Not Recommended,243930,19789462,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Crimson of Rose,"This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ It's♥♥♥♥♥♥and it should be ashamed of itself.The story is♥♥♥♥♥♥ The gameplay is♥♥♥♥♥♥ The player character is♥♥♥♥♥♥ The writing is♥♥♥♥♥♥Some game devs' budget should be taken out back and shot. They're throwing money to the wind being unable to smell their own♥♥♥♥♥♥ Everytime my character speaks I want to punch it in the face. Silent protagonist exist for a reason.This ""oh I'm so badass and wild"" dumbass is like an F movie protagonist. Noone SPEAKS like that. All this idiot does when it speaks is take the player out of immersion.  Dont have a ""create your own character"" if you dont know what the ♥♥♥♥ you're doing.I like melee combat.  Combat in this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ There is no hit stun... and this game spawns multiple mobs. Sure, you can play this game with an upgraded sword, but this unforgiving♥♥♥♥♥♥throws you into the game expecting you to understand combat. Look, Dark Souls is one of my favourite games... I can understand unforgiving games, but this game THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GAME does it wrong. It does everything wrong.  It feels like you gave a 13 year old a budget and a dev team and allowed him to make the entire game.FFFFUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK this game. FUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK it. ♥♥♥♥.I would rather play the slaughtering grounds. Yeah, I said it... the slaughtering grounds is a better game than this and I think that game is glitchy♥♥♥♥♥♥that I wouldnt touch with a 10 foot pole.Bound by flame? Bound by my♥♥♥♥♥ Bind these nuts ye daft♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198052699244,Not Recommended,243930,11871730,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Sheep,Don't waste your money.Crappy graphicsCrappy voice actingCrappy combatCrappy storyline (so far)Boring charactersLimited customisationWay overpricedI couldn't play any more of this game without tearing my eyeballs out.
76561198061908264,Not Recommended,243930,34851301,Posted: 9 September,all,JoJotato,"I've looked at a few positive reviews and the only thing I can think of is this:How did they survive the terrible animations? From the moment I was allowed to evenmove, I instantly said aloud ""Oh no. Are you kidding me?"" I've seen people describe this game as rushed and it must be, because the movement feels in no way natural. I feel like there's a machine that's reacting to me pushing buttons, not a person that I'm moving as myself.I tried to live through it but then I noticed the awkward stop in gameplay for a 4 second cutscene, in which a guy says (roughly) ""Hi there. Come talk to me."" When he says this, you're not more than5 feet away from him, but he's on a higher platform that you have to walk 15 feet to get up to in order to talk to him. I'm 5 minutes into the game, and the first 3 minutes were a lore cutscene (which wasn't bad) and a combat cutscene (which I think was drawn out way too long and should have been a combat tutorial), and then after being able to walk around and collect materials (for a reason I don't know yet because crafting isn't something that has been mentioned at all yet) I get stopped by apointless cutscene?At this point, I'm already kind of upset, but I figure ""Hey, maybe I'll get a look at the combat and this guy will be like a sparring partner or something."" Nope. He tells you to go set up some traps. ""Alright,"" I say, ""I guess I'll go do that then.""I move towards the quest marker and I collect a crap ton of materials. So THAT'S what they're for! I get to learn how to make stuff!Before I get to learn how to even fight!After watching a (scripted) cutscene of a fight!I went into this game expecting a LoTR meets Dragonage experience, but that'sdefinitelynot what I got. After dealing with the terrible movement animation, distracting speech animation, and disappointing cutscenes (I mean he walks up a hill with his feet horizontal as if there's just invisible steps. It's a cutscene, make it look good), I just couldn't deal with it any longer. I exited the gameimmediatelyand went directly to Steam Support to refund it. I bought the game for $5 butI don't think it's worth even that.TL;DRThe animation sucks and feelsveryunnatural, to the point where the bad voice acting and terrible first gameplay were just icing on themake-it-go-awaycake. Don't buy it, on sale or otherwise."
,Recommended,243930,14276749,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,"Esketit, Thot Devourer",THIS GAME AIN'T EVEN DARK SOULS BUT IT'S COMBAT SYSTEM IS CLOSE TO IT. YOU CAN BREAK YOUR FINGERS WHILE YOU'RE PLAYING THIS. TOO OP MONSTERS? CHECK. IMBALANCE IN WARRIOR STANCE AND RANGER STANCE? CHECK. FOOQED UP MAGIC AND HEALING? CHECK. THIS IS WHAT DARK SOULS SHOULD HAVE BEEN. ALSO GRAPHICS ARE GOOD. I'M SO ANGRY I CAN'T EVEN DESCRIBE IT BUT IT'S WORTH THE BUY.
76561198176864630,Recommended,243930,17002506,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,xxtwsxx,"+++   ايجابــــــــــي   +++عشت اجواء جميله في اللعبه, اعجبني جرافيس اللعبه واصواتها ممتازه جدا, القصه مشوقه واقدر اقول اني انتظر الجزء الثاني من اللعبه.---   سلبــــــــــي   ---اللعبه فيها ثلاث تخصوصات, تخصص ""الروج"" هو اللي تمام والباقي ضعيفه وفيها نواقص كثير, عندك بعد بعض الكلجات الصغيره جدا, مالها ذاك التأثير بس ذكرتها عشان ما اظلم الالعاب الخاليه من العيوب"
76561198080132987,Recommended,243930,10057825,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,ADarrow,"this game has some of the worst writing in a videogame i have ever read/heard. other than that it is ok, not worth top dollar but maybe when it goes on sale. fighting is ok , kinda like dragon age origins meets the witcher 1. i cant even discribe the writting and story, it is pretty bad. the hour is full of terrible lines that seem like jokes but is realy serious dialgoue.  give it a 4 or 5 out of 10. not a bad game not a good game by any stretch but is worth playing"
,Recommended,243930,20783650,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Abathur,"Awfuly resembles to ""A song of Ice and Fire books (also known as Game of Thrones in common)""Army of the Dead and Skeletons and Rotting Corpses : CheckThe horde comes from the icy places from the North : CheckSome detail lores about this and that also checks up, but those are somewhat spoilerish.That being said, I enjoyed playing the game. Had my doubts about the demon making you evil and all but turns out I was wrong. The game ain't about being good or bad, it's more about what you think of doing is the best and the consequenses that follow. So, plot and all it's twists are okay, as expected from the devs and what nots of ""Styx"".Gameplay is also kind of good. Hard but fair. Everything is just about balanced. Defend, attack or run away. It's all your decision, reflexes and capability.All and all, I liked the game. It may not be one of those ""Must have!""s but still good enough and worth your time."
76561198044744291,Not Recommended,243930,19520254,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Mindwild,Game keep crashing all the time. Win10 using steam controller
76561197999634678,Not Recommended,243930,19424216,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Dragonzeanse,"One of the most garbage RPGs I've ever played. It has a story and setting we've all seen a thousand times before, done better, by games like Dragon Age, The Witcher, and even Bethesda RPGs and their clones. It has combat that is remarkably broken, with enemies tanking several multitudes more attacks than your weak and pathetic♥♥♥♥♥ It has exploration that consists of running down one or more copy-pasted corridors. The loot is uninteresting, the characters are forgettable, the voice acting is poor, and even the mediocre action-RPG gameplay is a far cry from that of so many other RPGs.I wish I could say more about this game, but I played under 2 hours so I could refund it. I bought it on sale for about $8, and that was still too much.I don't see what other people do in this game, as it just feels like a ghetto and ham-fisted clone, not unlike the soulless GTA clones pumped out for easy cash that we saw years ago. This game doesn't have a single unique bone in its body that isn't stronger in another game. The fact that the sitting MSRP for this as of writing is $29.99 is sickening to me. This is the kind of game that belongs in a bargain bin for $5, alongside ♥♥♥♥♥♥ licensed games and outdated EA Sports games."
76561198066846728,Not Recommended,243930,19522341,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,A94,"For me, the controls were so absurd that I couldn't play the game."
,Recommended,243930,31344385,Posted: 24 April,all,☠WhiteBeard⚜BlackWolf☠,"This game is similar to Dark Souls but even easier.It's not as good though.I would play it even if you thought that Dark Souls was easy, simply to discover new games.But you won't consider it as one of your favorite game because it has its flaws.But it's good anyway.Dark Souls is easy, or at least, it is to me and lot of people who have played games before other than the generic crap such as Call of Duty and Halo.This one, on the highest difficulty, is really easy, you just have to discover how enemies fight and all the stuff which is kind of quick, in Dark Souls, it will take you around 5 minutes to discover and master an enemy, perhaps 10 - 15 for a boss.In this game, it takes barely 10 seconds, which is why I don't like this game as much, I don't really care about the difficulty itself, being easy or not, but the enemies are kind of blank, they have nothing special, they don't do much In my opinion, at least, if you compare it to games such as The Witcher, Dragon's Dogma, etc where enemies have their abilities and unique traits.The gameplay is also way better in the Witcher and in Dragon's Dogma.Gameplay mechanics here are average, it could be way better but it's okay like limit okay.So could give it a try but if you want a better game with that is a little more challenging, get Dark Souls, if you want the best of the best available on the PC, get Dragon's Dogma.If you find Dark Souls hard and you absolutely want to be good at that game, then I guess this is the place to start.6.5/10"
76561198023982448,Not Recommended,243930,25030301,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,DigBick,"terrible game, terrible gameplay, terrible story, horrible character development...."
,Not Recommended,243930,25216744,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Badger,"I tentatively give this a thumbs down. The game looks good, aside from the occasional lip sync error, and the combat after a little bit is fairly easy to get used to. I have one major gripe thoughSpoilers aheadBasically, the game doesn't really have a very good skill balance. I found maybe three situations outside of the tutorial bit where using the daggers was preferable, and none where I wanted to use the crossbow. However, it turns out that the boss is just about impossible in close quarters, and my fireballs don't do anything to him. For a game that has the most emphasis on melee combat, this is unacceptable. Combine that with a lack of skill resets, and it makes the end of the game unplayable.That being said, I enjoyed the story, but making it so unbalanced just broke it for me. Maybe buy it on a good sale."
,Not Recommended,243930,22487250,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Rocket Baby Dolls,This game is bad and you should feel bad!
76561198052394504,Recommended,243930,10510568,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,gigabyte.me,"This game has promise but the amount of times it crashes completely and or loses sound is unacceptable. I can't play a game I have to restart every 5 minutes.Great graphics.The combat, while hard to master, becomes very satisfying once mastered. It will feel clunky at first, but there is a way to adapt to it. You have to be fast and accurate. It is not a button masher. Hardcore RPG'ers will enjoy and get the combat.The sound is great...when it works. It crashes about every 5 minutes for me.The story is hard to listen to. Though this game is voice acted, there is so much dialogue to sit through at times, I find myself fast forwarding through it, just to get back to the gameplay.While this company has gotten better at their work, they still have a long way to go. This game would have been great at a 19 dollar price, but for almost 40 dollars, it is not worth it due to technical issues and minor game play issues.Buy this if you a hard core RPG'er all others stay clear."
,Not Recommended,243930,19470564,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,2Real,Really poor production quality. Couldn't hold my attention. Returned it.
76561198013593304,Not Recommended,243930,19470777,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,TheDrunkardHu,"As of this review the Xbox 360 and Xbox One controllers for Windows 10 OS do not function, and/or are still having some sort of compatability issues.If you prefer using a gamepad, I'd advise against purchasing the game until this issue is patched."
76561198024284116,Not Recommended,243930,19475047,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Mark,"Simply put, its boring. Even on a sale i would not recommend it."
,Not Recommended,243930,29230322,Posted: 13 January,all,☃♛♥N`aixDeJaVu♠™ツ,"This RPG is one of the worst that I've ever played in my entire life . Although the storyline & quests are generally productive , the talent & growth of the characters are far too limited . Firstly , there are only a select few equipment to choose from and you  literally can't craft/buy any superior weapons/armors . Secondly , character talent & development are really poor to the core . (Codename Vulcan) You can only max 1 out of 3 classes and there are totally no chances of experiencing OP-ness . Thirdly , the difficulty is rigged as anything beyond ""Normal"" is literally suicide . Regular monsters can kill you in just 2-3 hits thus you can imagine when it comes to facing bosses . Basically , One relies on their potions throughout the whole game which completely defeats the purpose of playing an RPG as RPG fans would love their character to be more action-oriented and focusing on how to make them as powerful as possible . Lastly , the game is too boring as you can literally count the number of bosses you fight with just one hand . Much to my disappointment , I completed the game in just LESS THAN ONE day (I basically grinded the game for 10+ hours non-stop) and I find that it this game is totally not worth the value that it is being marketed at ."
,Not Recommended,243930,28788769,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,keido69,"play for some minute, and i got bored.the combat system is bad, not so much caracter creation."
76561198239439604,Not Recommended,243930,19475011,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Trismegistus,"Wow.This game.More importantly, the dialogue. If you really need to play an ARPG and you are willing to get this game on sale (getting this  at full price of 30$ is insane), then here's a little tip for you. The ESC key skips dialogue. Honestly, it's so cringeworthy this will be valuable information for you even at the very beginning of the game. The writing really is that bad.Combat is adequate though, I had some fun with it. I'll keep playing just for the combat, I started skipping all dialogue when I heard how one-note all the characters are. They tried to make them amusing in a sort of sarcastic way but fail miserably at it and just end up making most characters sound like generic ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s."
76561198244512250,Recommended,243930,23743797,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,WeedyWally,"games gives too much options and makes demon powers sound bad, ♥♥♥♥ the rules become evil and burn♥♥♥♥♥♥trust me"
,Recommended,243930,25177637,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Admiral Ufolog,"I seen a lot of reviews and comments where Bound By Flame was compared with Dark Souls series and The Witcher 2/3. All of these games are NOT RPG. These games basically are third person action games. In my opinion most of negative reviews were made just due to too big expectations.Dark Souls has own unique gameplay and it cannot be compared with Bound By Flame. At the same time The Witcher 3 is very terrible game both as an RPG (not enough RPG elements to be RPG) and as a Third Person Action (totally broken combat system with awful hitboxes and animations).Obviously Bound By Flame has much lesser budget for development than games mentioned above. And i think those few things made in the game were made almost excellent.Combat system in Bound By Flame is good for the game of this genre: you can just not only beat enemy up but also parry strikes, use two different styles of melee combat (daggers with ability to dodge attacks and swords/maces/axes/etc. with large damage and kicking ability), and use additional useful things (magic, mines, mini crossbow, etc.) which make fights more interesting than just dumb clicking or typical click'n'dodge. Another feature of the combat system is a good balance between distance and speed/interval of strikes. This eliminates any problem with hitboxes.Graphics are not outstanding but certainly not bad for 2014 year. Amount of content not so large as in top AAAA-games but quality and amount of the in-game content enough for the game of scale of Bound By Flame.I can tell much more about Bound By Flame but the tale will be too long. I'l just say that the game is not so bad as most of reviews may describe. Just dont compare it with Dark Souls series - this game is too different and has absolutely different but good gameplay. For low budget game Bound By Flame is outstanding one. Howewer, i think the game is overpriced a bit. If the price would be 30-50% lower Bound By Flame would be a great choice even without holiday sales.My rating of the game: 7/10"
76561198143598292,Not Recommended,243930,25462665,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Natasha,"For the first time i thought ,,Why people don't like this game, it's awesome"" Then i found out, how the story line is short. My playtime is almost 12 hours and i am at the final boss fight."
,Not Recommended,243930,21837463,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Gambol,░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀Bound by Flame▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
,Not Recommended,243930,12440713,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Castigate,"Not fun, I can't get into it at all"
,Not Recommended,243930,19246530,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Larry Schnimples,I wish refunds were a thing when this came out...
76561198287737829,Not Recommended,243930,35030767,Posted: 17 September,all,FidelisAdMortem,The cinematics are long winded and cannot be skipped-- ain't nobody got time for that
76561198049718840,Not Recommended,243930,14890442,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,HAIL SATAN,this game is just meh.
,Not Recommended,243930,19471454,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Dokta,5 dollars is still too much to pay for this game.
,Not Recommended,243930,10057501,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Sh4ggster,"Looks good, the combat is interesting, but for a game that relies heavily on dialogue, it's atrocious. There is no lip-sync, the characters merely move their lips in a pre-set way and look like they're mumbling half the time. And the voice acting itself is about as lifeless as a brick. The characters either sound like they're bored or that nothing holds any interest for them. I got to the first serious bit of dialogue and couldn't continue."
76561198013135328,Recommended,243930,10058598,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Wifestealer,♥♥♥♥♥♥ game ever
,Not Recommended,243930,19280339,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Blacky,"game is very bad, almost fell asleep, it feels very stiff combat and movement, ill give it a 4 out of 10 -_-"
76561198004520076,Not Recommended,243930,19519421,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,BlackStarOrion,"The controls are clunky, the story itself is good but not original, the leveling tree and crafting system are boring."
,Not Recommended,243930,12060507,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,TheChobe,Bound By Lame
76561197988281569,Not Recommended,243930,28997779,Posted: 3 January,all,pvinnitsky,the voice acting is very weak.  Average gameplay.
76561198082489809,Not Recommended,243930,35023020,Posted: 17 September,all,amarao,"Unfortunately, It does not work on my Linux (haswell/Nvidia GTX 660 Ti). It shows character creation, shows laggy video and stucks at black screen forever."
,Not Recommended,243930,10056797,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Biron5k,"If you want a subpar Dragon Age-esque Dark Souls-esque story that's really not that interesting with occasionally hilarious dialogue, this is the game for you.But really, don't bother."
,Recommended,243930,14594598,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,[OT]Nekrage,"A fantastic story driven game. This game deserves MUCH more attention than it has received.The story is well put together, the combat is challenging(on the hardest difficulty as least), and the game offers a fair amount of replayability due to the choices you are met with both story and character progression wise.If you enjoy action combat with a story you could really get into, I would highly recommend this.Reminds me of The Witcher...and we all know thats a GREAT thing."
76561197993288786,Recommended,243930,32091991,Posted: 31 May,all,Invest,Really cool RPG!
76561198061676986,Recommended,243930,31913027,Posted: 22 May,all,AraFin,try it ... what could go wrong! ;-)
76561198075709764,Not Recommended,243930,24926995,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,bunghole,its like the witcher but complete garbage
,Not Recommended,243930,19484692,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,:):,"Not my thing,but looks nice"
,Not Recommended,243930,19518347,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Ajmajike44,Game was as interesting and thought provoking as a can of corn
,Not Recommended,243930,19519972,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,ChokeSlam!,"Do not buy this Crap. Buy if u want to die every 5 seconds, and restart from last check point. Dull environment."
76561198006109049,Not Recommended,243930,28451751,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Blinkin,Boring
,Not Recommended,243930,14277398,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,viggys,This game is not worth 2 cents. Absolutely a total peice of @#$%.
76561198051642102,Not Recommended,243930,15705329,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Brandall45,The very first cutscene made me cry of how terrible it was.... I cried for the next hour I played and the crying didnt stop until i uninstalled the game
76561198079737579,Not Recommended,243930,32215083,Posted: 6 June,all,Enjolras,Dragon Age: Origins wanna-be. Fails at that. Lackluster romance. Absurd dialogue. The gameplay is much like pulling teeth. I think I'm just playing these games to torture myself at this point. Graphics are..decent. It has replayability but you won't give a damn enough about the game to bother with that.
,Not Recommended,243930,13133381,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Sir Skeeter the Peter Beater,Terribru
,Not Recommended,243930,19465908,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Tony,thought the game was not that good.
76561198035673362,Recommended,243930,10063034,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Anus McWangus,"Won't be for everyone, but there's fun to be had if you can overlook somethings. 6.5/10"
76561198064655148,Not Recommended,243930,12400924,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,SaintJohn,Bound By Lies ..... Nuff said
76561198061786965,Not Recommended,243930,32104912,Posted: 1 June,all,gromly,Bland and unadventorous
,Not Recommended,243930,11213334,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Sasuke Uchiha666,I don't even
76561198315626015,Not Recommended,243930,34866099,Posted: 10 September,all,Syel Allouch,"Enemies have too much health and do too much damage, even on the easiest difficulty. Multiple glitches and unreadable map. Don't buy this game."
,Not Recommended,243930,10063245,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Bogor Represent!,"Bound by Flame suffers from Mass Effect. Select the female as your antagonist and you get a better voice-actor. Also known as the Jennifer Hale effect. The voice actor is still limited by what Spiders wanted her to do, but she makes the most of it, though I sometimes get the feeling that even she was close to calling it a day a few times.Spiders didn't bother to motion-capture a female fighter though, so if you go with the female you'll get one who carries herself like a beefcake would. Given the quality of the antagonist's female voice-acting, that's a shame.Graphic options enough to be impressed, but even on full graphical detail the game is a drab and dreary 256 shades of brown.Facial animation is non-existant and the characters speak from the corners of their mouth. Its hard to watch and not at all made easier by the wooden animation of the characters as a whole.Fighting is mixed bag of ideas with combat difficulty being of the 'light attack from monster, you lose half health' while your attacks barely register. It gets better once you get pyromancing abilities, but on the whole I find the combat very tedious for an action RPG. If my toon swings a basterdsword that is counter-weighted, it should demolish an enemy. Blows like that are hard to recover from. Yet, any ememy you encounter will shrug your ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥sword's blows off like being tickled with a feather. Get stunlocked over and over again until you have to reload. That's BbF's combat in a nutshell.The maps are small and claustrophobic, exploration is limited. Chest have set loot, which is painfully obvious when you have to reload. You'll get the same items from lootables again and again.The game has crafting, which by now is very old and tired. Given the limited exploration and the claustrophobic regions, running around trying to find stuff to make stuff is a tedious chore. I wish developers stopped thinking that crafting is the beesknees. It isn't. And in the case of BbF, it's a half-azzed attempt of keeping you in uninteresting regions far longer than the player needs to be. Crafting in BbF is adding a chore to a chore.I believe that efforts like BbF are outdated. All of this has been before and better. A good thing then that the pricepoint is certainly reasonable. BbF isn't AAA by a long shot and Spiders evidently knows this. For the rest, the game is forgettable but at least by the time you put it down, finished or not, you won't feel robbed.I don't recommend BbF, but don't let that stop you. Just remember that for me, the only thing I took away from it is the voice-acting of the female Vulcan."
,Recommended,243930,12483658,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Grenadeh,"It's not that Bound By Flame is a bad game, per se, but within an hour of starting the game it's pretty easy to see why the scores aren't overwhelmingly positive for this title. It plays no differently, on the surface, from most other action RPG/hack and slash hybrids, but it doesn't play as well as them either. While any of both your more popular hack and slash games and true action RPGs like Witcher 2, Darksiders, Darksiders 2, DMC 3 through 5, Metal Gear RR, God of War, and dozens of others utilize well built control schemes to condense various types of magic or abilities into one place, Bound By Flame makes the mistake of forcing you into a more MMO-familiar numerical menu, or quick-wheel which pauses the action, in order to do anything more advanced than swing a sword. In addition to this, the game utterly lacks a proper dodge function.You can parry or dodge, but you can't do both in the same stance. If you use warrior stance, you can parry, which doesn't particularly help against large groups of enemies which can easily murder you regardless of parrying if more than one enemy hits you. Combined with the fact that you barely gain any HP from new armor or even levelling up, and you spend far too much time being a weakling that can be taken down by a pack of even the weakest enemies. If you use ranger stance, your combat is much faster and you can actually dodge - whether timed correctly or not - and it's quite disappointing that you just can't play the game without another stance.In addition to that, while the premise of the game is for you to balance or choose between flame demon and human, you really have no choice but to use fire magic to accomplish anything. It's just too bad even after putting skill points into it, your spells still cost so much mana.As for the story and the dialogue, they really aren't special enough to earn any praise. The dialog combines a lot of modern English and profanity (not that there wasn't profanity in the old days) with the demon speaking in strictly Shakespearian English - to the point where the juxtaposition is just ridiculous. While I would like to be interested in the story, I find myself skipping through the dialog and cutscenes once the subtitles have displayed so I can get back to the game. Interactions with party members also seem ridiculous and overall your characters attitude is juvenile and callous, down to the wording he uses when he talks to people.I really wouldn't buy this game until it's on major discount - 10 dollar or less. The overall quality of the game combined with how short it is doesn't merit even the $20 I paid. If you need an action RPG fix, this will satiate you - briefly, at least, but I fear it will not tide you over until a better game releases."
76561198038149462,Not Recommended,243930,13065012,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Sparky862,"If your expecting something like dark souls or similiar your wrong. The fighting mechanics is not up to par. For example. The enemy and me attack at the same time, if my strike lands first on him he should stumble backwards right?? Wrong, instead if my attack hits him, hes attack still continues and then he hits you.In the middle of combat when your surrounded by 2 or more enemies and you swing your blade at one while the other one attacks, you cannot parry the other enemies attack, instead you need to sit back and watch how he brutilize you because you cannot attack and parry at the same time.This game is a waste and dont even bother on buying this game, rather spend it on dark souls if you havnt gotten it yet"
76561197963613594,Not Recommended,243930,31749105,Posted: 14 May,all,noctum,"This game looked promising. I love the art direction with the monsters and the general design. But when it comes to playing it, it really just falls apart. Firstly, the battle system is terrible. Like someone else mentoined, it's hard to deal much damage against what enemies are dealing you. Your actions are so slow to occur that timing is overly crucial and sometimes are impossible to exicute.  Over all it's just way too clunky and unintuitive."
,Not Recommended,243930,27554577,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Daersul,dissapointed..
,Not Recommended,243930,31138175,Posted: 14 April,all,ALF In Space,"Tries to be dark souls but fails miserably.  The game is only difficult because none of your attacks do much damage and enemies kill you in a few hits.  It's tedious and boring, and incredibly linear."
76561197969893764,Not Recommended,243930,19466431,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Gomoto,crash at start
76561198029484517,Not Recommended,243930,12595345,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Kloxnarn,Would BE NICE TO TELL YOU ONLY CONTROLLER  REALLY SUCKS TO LOVE PC  TAKE YOUR CONTROLLER  AND STICK IT YOU KNOW WHERE
,Not Recommended,243930,26694181,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Sneaky,"Worst game I have played. Barely an rpg, crappy fighting, and story is not interesting and it is not explained.  Ice>fire"
76561197998391741,Not Recommended,243930,13001473,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,TinyTim,Disheartening
,Not Recommended,243930,25256201,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,⎛⎝SaltySatan⎠⎞,Piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ don't buy this. May the gods of Refunds be with you
,Not Recommended,243930,12528045,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Tommy,"This ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥game, cant even do♥♥♥♥♥♥with the first boss no potion to be found suddenly just run out from potions. Have to kill the first boss with all those rangers sorround that respawn constantly. Whoever design this game level should be hanged. So hard to beat and the its not even hard mode just normal. What  a waste of money. DO NOT BUY!"
76561197979550031,Not Recommended,243930,31534407,Posted: 3 May,all,sufficient,"The performance on Ubuntu is pretty weak. It's almost unplayable unless all settings are turned down. Expect to get maybe 20% of the frames you would get with Valve's Source engine.UPDATE: I upgraded to a GTX 1080Ti, and not kidding that in the main entrence at the start of the game, at 1920x1080, with NVidia 375.66 drivers, it only gets 38FPS. This game is made for the console but runs like garbage on a PC."
,Not Recommended,243930,10054767,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Mkaela,"Probably gonna get hate for my lack of playtime but, a lot of people are comparing this to Witcher or Kingdoms of Amalur. The thing is both those games do everything better than this game. You're better off buying one of those games rather than dropping 40 bucks on this lackluster title."
76561198094052699,Not Recommended,243930,25432468,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,SwagLikeGandhi,Bound by Cancer
,Not Recommended,243930,31869769,Posted: 20 May,all,Griffior,"Save your money kids, buy drugs instead."
,Not Recommended,243930,34003754,Posted: 3 August,all,Myvillion,Regrets
76561198209337127,Not Recommended,243930,30879114,Posted: 1 April,all,nelsonchan557,"This is the worst RPG i've ever played. First off, you can't call this an RPG. This is basicly a ""Kill Everything"" action game.Besides, you can't call this game an RPG just because it have a skill tree. Furthermore, you have to keep mashing buttons...WROST RPG EVVVVEEEEERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,243930,30382103,Posted: 7 March,all,anskotomov,"Good game. I played it on easy and some of the fights were still quite difficult, but the story and characters and setting are enoyable and interesting."
,Recommended,243930,10135508,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Selvec,"Bound by Flame - I Completed the GameAlright. So few points first. I don't write reviews. I critique other reviewers, and don't write them myself because I generally don't finish games I play, its often disappointing, so be forewarned this review may be amateurish at best.Bound by Flame (Forthwith referred to as BbF) is a third person RPG made by Spiders Game Studio. Spiders has brung us various different games of middling quality such as, Of Orcs and Men and Mars War Logs. Of Orcs and Men was considered bad, Mars War Logs was considered average, I enjoyed both. As such I consider Spiders to be in that limbo spot as not an Indie developer, but not a AAA developer either. They make fun games, you like them or you don't. Simple. Anyway, back to the game.If I had to describe Bound by Flame in one sentence it would be the following: ""Fun hard game, with decent graphics, poor voice acting but interesting story, and a few difficulty problems."" To say that Bound by Flame isn't going to be for everyone would be an understatement. The game requires a lot of patience to learn. Spiders seem's to have forgotten to explain to players how to play their game effectively, either that or they don't understand how to play their own game. I'll believe the former as its a lot less shocking. So before you even get started in this game, go read the forums and maybe make a post asking for some advice, otherwise you will be put off the game straight from the get go, like many reviewers have.Now when we start this game we are introduced to Vulcan, BbF's protagnist. The mans a bit of a jack off, he's a mercenary though, and apperently young, so I guess thats to be expected. After a brief intro section, which attempts to explain the game to you (badly), you will find yourself in control of some rather unexpected powers, and on the run from a genocidal army, and this is where the game actually begins. Now from this point I'm going to break the review into sections, because I found that it will read like a novel if I don't.GameplayFirst things I noticed when I played was I died...a lot. Not all of it was fair. I tried to focus on aggresion, which is how I usually play 3rd person RPG's, but I quickly learned that the enemies in BbF do not like aggresive people, and are pretty used to dealing with them. Furthermore, I thought my AI partner was useless, I quickly learned they were not. The AI is essentially there to fill the role of a tank/healer/disabler, depending on the commands you give them. You can tell the AI to defend, and it will do an excellent job of staying alive, allowing you to deal with the enemies. You can tell them to attack, and they will take the heat off you, but then become quite squishy if you don't let them defend fast. This is both useful, and a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ depending on how you like to play. The enemies tend to follow a pattern of attack, and once you know it the game can become easy, also you shouldn't forget about your traps, and items because they will help a lot at higher difficulty levels. The game tells you to switch through stances to, though other reviewers seem to have ignored this, so don't be them and remember that both ranger and warrior have advantages. Ignore pyro for anything other then support abilities as its not a stance, its just flavor.Now the major issues I had with gameplay was a few bugs that hopefully will get fixed in the future. Sometimes enemies seem to ignore interupts, or worse they interupt your interupt, which can make playing the game intensely frustrating. Furthermore the environments themselves can impede with the gameplay. Its nice having a big well developed environment, but if the player gets stuck in between an object, or something blocks their camera when they are fighting, it can put people off wanting to contiue playing the game in the future. Finally I encountered a few enemies that spawned behind walls, or in area's I wasn't able to move to, and just attacked me from there. Archers are the worst for this, there is a point where enemies come from this gate thing constantly, but the archers seem to end up spawned in an area that you can't actually get to, so you can't kill them.Postives? The gameplay is challenging. It really makes you think at times about how to tackle an enemy. Also the enemies can be pretty varied at earlier levels (not so much later), so this makes for a nice change from the normal armored enemy with big blade combo present in certain other games (*Cough* Dark Souls 2 *Cough). Finally the animations seem nice and flowing, they don't stop in mid animation or anything stupid like that. Not much else to say, the postives are the gameplay works and is fun. Thats pretty much all you want in a game.GraphicsOkay so you may have heard varying reports about this one. I'm a little biased here. I played the game using Durantes GeDoSaTo alpha1a tool to increase the textures to 4k, so my game looked god damned beautiful. But others have reported that the graphics and texture quality has gotten bad in later area's. Again I personally didn't notice this, but I did notice that the later area's got a bit less varied in environments. In saying this, I guess how would you expect a big ice lords castle to look? It meets the pre-reqs. Big, Icy, Castle like, full of undead and snow. Its not a work of art, its meant to be a bastion of depressed cold death, and it kinda looks like it. Though in comparison to the sweeping landscapes of the first area's, and the varied swamp, I guess it doesn't really come up to par.Story/DialogSo I really enjoyed the story. It's an epic tale about a desperate battle, against an immensely more powerful enemy focused on wiping out all life. Typical RPG stuff, nothing new here really. But the way its presented is quite well done. It has all the twists and turns your expect, just don't look for surprises as they aren't there. You'll probably get all the ""shocking"" things before they happen.Now the dialog on the other hand. *groan* Okay so its a european studio, I understand this, but is the translation really this big of a problem? Often times I found what was written on the screen, and what was said by the characters, to be completely different. Sometimes the dialog was non-sensical. Then there is this romance scene with the goody good female, and its just painful to listen to. I like Spiders games, but dialog is not their strong point. They need to hire a better translator I think. There is one shining star here, and he doesn't appear till much later in the story however. Mythas (or something), is by far the stand out of the cast, and I suspect he was written by someone who at least has a small grasp of storywriting. Because everything he says is just plain gold. Its like watching William DaFoe in a terrible movie. The rest of the movie can be trash, but when DaFoe opens his mouth, you suddenly know why you spent your money on this thing.AudioOkay so this is probably going to mix with dialog a bit. The audio in the game is okay. Its not amazing, its not terrible, it's just okay. The voice acting is the downside, its horrible. Except that one character I mentioned above. Everyone else feels stiff and boring with little to no personality in their voices. Sybil, who you encounter early in the game, is by far the worst of the lot. Its like talking to a brick wall, and she has all the personality of one. Its compounded by her being a love interest.Final WordSo the review is ending aprubtly because I didn't realise I had a character limit on these things. To put it short and sweet; The game is fun, its hard, is plauged by some annoying bugs. But its still better then half the $60 trash most AAA's put out, and its only half that price. Its a fun distraction from all the platformers and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥on steam lately. By if you have cash to burn and want some fun, otherwise save for Watch Dogs."
,Recommended,243930,10136717,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,INCORRUPTUS,"Nothing stellar or innovative.  However, the gameplay is satisfying, especially the combat. Don't take this game too seriously, and you'll enjoy it.  It's something solid to hold you over until Witcher 3 or Dragon Age: Inquisition is released."
76561198010126640,Recommended,243930,10118544,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,SpectralThundr,"While the game is certainly rough around the edges like most indie developed titles. It's also I believe Spider's best work to date. Though given their track record, it's not surprising they're finally either making enough money on previous titles to really put forth the effort, or they're just becomming a better dev team as they go along here.The combat is fluid and frantic and fun, the plot itself while nothing earth shattering is unique and interesting enough to keep me invested so far about 10 hours in. Visually it's not bad either, it's certainly no AAA big publisher game but really, in this instance that isn't a bad thing.I would certainly reccommend this game to anyone who really enjoys CRPG's. It's quite similar to Dragon Age in alot of ways or similar CRPG's along that style of narrative and gameplay."
76561198052357608,Recommended,243930,10119383,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,jccrosby1982,Pretty good game. KInd of like darksiders but not quite as good. This is like a hack and slash with heavy RPG elements in it.  Story could have been a little better but all around decent game for the price. If you like Hack and slash games this one is probably worth checking out.
76561198135573611,Recommended,243930,10119764,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,I Bet Steak O.o,"I Beat the Game, it was as I expected an really awesome game!! The thing is ;)The story isn't nearly long enough or i zoomed through it to easily. don't get me wrong i love everything about the game. every other game i listen to music you know but not this game!! The Scene the Background the System complexity is so new to me! I think may some combos for the enemies and the general Bosses are great Frinkin hard that Captain Difficulty:) It's perfect.p.s how do I seduce sybil?Although, i liked the white lady, She's Unique so is Sybil and all the other side Characters. Vulcan is Short tempared and Great. What i Mean is that i could beat the game after starting over and over, beating the game in 15 hours, more or lessI Love This Game, so please make the ""small units"" - ""Unique"". Please..."
76561197969458289,Not Recommended,243930,10151765,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Charok,Combat is terrible.
76561198015247874,Recommended,243930,10154573,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Poptart,"Honestly, it's a game people will either like or hate. The voice acting is fine for a handful of characters, and terrible for others. Your relationships don't appear to progress naturally, and romances are last minute, tacked-on additions at best. The combat style is highly dependant upon which tier you level up in, and difficulty level can be unforigiving for taking the wrong path first.The crafting system is a nice addition, but really should be further developed for more customization. There aren't nearly as many weapon choices for the rogue class as there are in the warrior class, and there are very limited armor selections.The character itself suffers from a lack of actual dialogue choices, aside from receiving information. There are very few points in which your choice actually matters.If you can put all of that aside, it can be entertaining. You might want to wait for a Steam sale for a purchase, and be sure to head over to their official forums to state your views for the developers."
,Recommended,243930,10328441,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Typherion,"With a difficulty on par with dark souls, I was reluctant to delve deeper into this game, as I feel a high difficulty level in gaming is counter intuitive to my purpose (relaxation), however I am glad I did. A wonderfully high graphics game, with beautiful, rich animations. The characters are a little lacking in devolpment outside the main, and the customization for the main is a little sparse. That all being said, the combat is intense (a little clunky, but if one is adaptive, quite rewarding) the story is rich, character driven, and really fun. As with Mars: War Logs, the crafting system is super thorough, and really fun to use on the large variety of weapons and armour one gets.Over all I would say give this game a try, but not when it's full price ;)"
76561198004656699,Not Recommended,243930,10379135,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Married Murderers,"How the hell can you justify a maybe 20 hr game at $40. This game was not worth $2.00 an hr. Even if i compleated every single side quest, every single achevement it would maybe be considered a halfway decent DLC for a much much better game. I had time to remake my char 4 diffirent times, and still beat it in less time then it takes to get to level 12 in Fallout."
,Recommended,243930,10294001,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,GrimmPanther,This game was mostly fun. I died constantly even on the easiest setting so I got frustrated. I eventually made it to the end. The fight in the last battle is very different from the rest of the game which was annoying. The end was rather disappointing.
,Recommended,243930,10193322,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,MeatX,"It's a game that can keep you busy but at the same time you might not want it to. The game is a huge step up from mars war logs and it is playable. But do not get too hyped for this. Think of it as a fun $10 steam game you can play when you get bored. I don't reccomend it's full price however. Buy it only on sale. You will have fun but there is two major things you must do, play on the lowest difficulty. This game is unlike most when it comes to difficulty. Second, do not stray from the skill tree you pick (not including the unlock of the mage tree, by all means go crazy). This game does not reward ""jack of all trades""."
76561198023218326,Not Recommended,243930,10301707,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,xrtoombs,I really wanted to like this game. It has all the elements of a game that i would absolutely love. The story line is somewhat interesting but the dialogue isnt the best. The game seemed to me to be difficult at first but once i got the hang of it the combat became tedious. i invested mostly warrior with some pyromancy for burning blade and the flame barrier by the end of the game i didnt feel particularly powerful. boss battles felt like i was slowly beating them to death with a giant dull butter knife. they couldnt kill me quickly and i couldnt kill them quickly. I opted to go full demon thinking that would provide me with the most power in the game but all the demon bonus powers are a tradeoff and i didnt find them particularly useful or powerful. The graphics were solid but i feel like the demon and various enemys could have been a lot more interesting. overall i wouldnt recommend this game to most people.
76561197997983024,Recommended,243930,10285410,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Loek,"This is a good game, but it's a very straightforward experience. Customization options are offered, but are extremely limited. There are 5 faces and 5 haircuts to choose from, and entering a different name will not change the fact that everybody will still adress you as the default 'Vulcan'. There's also a noticeable difference in the quality of the main character's voice acting, so much so that I decided to play a male character, even though I would have prefered to play as a female warrior, as I usually do.The combat is solid and reminds me of Dark Souls in its execution. You slash, block and parry, watching the timing of each one as attacking leaves you vulnerable. It revolves around a system of 3 stances and the proper application of them. Certain enemies need to be met with a sword, while others are more easily dispatched with daggers. The number of potions is limited, so tactics are key. So far, so Dark Souls.The third stance is related to the main story arc and contains fire spells, in the usual offensive (Fire Bolt, Fire Blade) and defensive (Fire Shield, Fire AoE) variaties. All of your attacks can be individually upgraded, which, combined with the everchanging teams of enemies facing you, serves to keep combat fresh.The boss battles are suitably epic, and also remind me a lot of the ones in Dark Souls. All in all I give it 4 stars. I'd suggest playing it with a controller.As a final note for the RPG fans: It is possible to eliminate all the subtitles, combat text and mini-map for a nice immersive experience."
76561198049368437,Recommended,243930,10279361,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Askaree,Very underrated RPG. Don't know why it's getting so much bad press. The game is fun and interesting and combat is challenging. So far gameplay has been fluid. If you are a true fan of action RPG's then buy it.
76561198119654599,Not Recommended,243930,10306238,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,grimkori,boring that is all
,Recommended,243930,30458862,Posted: 11 March,all,REDRUM,"This is not the best game, as the storyline is very straight forward. This is a very good fantastic medieval adventure game though. I enjoyed it, was very frustrated at some moments, deleted it at the end boss. This is a solid good game and can provide you some fun. 20€ is my recommended price by now (kind of old)"
76561198135524542,Recommended,243930,10110251,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Dagmer,7.5/10
76561198013530159,Recommended,243930,10114777,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,jelili,"I do recommend this game. If you are looking for something to fill your RPG needs till something heavier comes out later this year like (?????) Then this is it.As was stated before. This is a step up from Mars :War Logs. I did like that game also. But I do think that they need to try to make thier games have more playable hours.Its not a totally bad game, it just isnt as great as is coud be."
,Recommended,243930,10106811,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,ApocolypseWow,Just...simply...amazing!
76561198042326166,Recommended,243930,10106825,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Zekaniah,"I do and dont recommend this game. My reason is, if someone is looking for a game thats LONG, then this isnt for you. If your looking for a game with a good story to it and where you actually feel important? Then this is for you. I know some people didnt like it and others did but me personally i liked it cus of the story; While on the other hand, find this to be a very short game. I had just finished beating this game in 1 whole day and was somewhat disappointed in the length of the game because when i heard i might be fighting the 7 ice lords i was like ""Heck yeah this is gonna be a long game"" but instead i just do what i did and beat it....kinda sad :( but still the story was the only thing that will make me recommend this to anyone"
,Recommended,243930,10263534,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Jetan,"Oh man, where to start?I've been playing Bound by Flame for about 2 and a half hours now, ensuring to compelte all of the sidequests that I could and all of the main quests that I could. I've made it to the first village, I'm level 12 now and have most of the sidequests in that village completed. So let's talk about the game itself before I give you my thumbs up or down. If you're just looking for a summary, head to the very bottom and I'll let you know what I think in a condensed format.Gameplay:CombatBound by Flame is a combat game that tries to liken itself to the Fable series while also maintaining a bit of realism to it. You may be wondering if this is a good or bad thing. Well that's just it, I'm not sure either. I'm playing on the Normal difficulty level and find it EXTREMELY challenging. Maybe I'm just bad with the blocking or maybe other games have conditioned me to always expect a ""Dodge"" mechanic rather than a ""Block"" mechanic. The enemies tend to cause a LOT of damage to you and it can be kind of frustrating the first few times you witness your health bar go from half to empty in two seconds. This is probably where I'd say the game shines though. In the same vein that Dark Souls was made to be challenging, Bound by Flame has the same concept of challenge too it without overstepping its boundaries. It teaches you that you shouldn't just rush headlong into a confrontation and that's a good thing.There are multiple stances you can use in combat, I have four unlocked so far. These are: Warrior, Ranger, Stealth and Pyromancy. The Warrior stance is just like it sounds: Wield a two-handed weapon and charge into the fray. The Ranger stance dual-wields daggers and is focused on dodging attacks and positioning rather than outright tanking. Stealth... Well this is where the combat mechanics fail in my opinion: Stealth seems rather useless if you don't pour points into it in the beginning. You can get a critical bonus from sneaking up on enemies, but only if you're not noticed and the enemies in the early game all tend to clump together which makes this impossible. Pyromancy I found to be fun, fire orbs, fire weapons and the general feel of spells that you would think you would get from the title.There are also traps you can set up to make fights easier and let me tell you: I'm one of those guys who hordes his items and never uses them in the irratioonal fear that some situation could come up that I might need X items even though I could definitely use their help right then and there. I was taught how to create some simple exploding traps at the beginning of the game and immediately thought to myself how I would NEVER use them. Well, the game itself proved me wrong. The difficulty of some of the random encounters had me circling around trees at half health, setting these traps in order to kill my enemies or greatly weaken them so I could win the fight.Combat: 7/10Pros:-ChallengingCons:-Hard to get the hang of at first.CustomizationA key point in the game that I saw was that it let you customize your character beyond just what armor you equipped. Each armor and weapon I found had slots for additional add-ons to be set in to the piece. Each of these add-ons provided different bonuses (i.e. resistance to poison, extra damage) as well as customized the look of your weapon or armor. I feel that if I played on a higher difficulty level I would absolutely HAVE to use the right customization options to prevail as even on the normal difficulty I was struggling with random encounters.Customization: 8/10Pros-Extensive, allows you to prepare for any situationCons-The depth of it will intimidate the average video gamer.CompanionsOh man, this is the part I was excited about too. I've unlocked one single companion this far and I've had her pretty much since the get-go. At first I thought I would get a stronger level of customization with her (I.e talent trees) but was disappointed when I found out I could only influence her actions in combat. Also when out of combat I could tell her to be more offensive or defensive in our next fights. After being spoiled by games like ""Mass Effect"" which allowed me to form strong bonds with my allies, I feel like this was a huge letdown in that regard. I might as well have been carting around ""Nameless Mage"" with me through the swamps rather than ""Sybil."" You have the option of talking to them out of combat to discover more about them and they'll occasionally pipe up with opinions as you go about doing sidequests or fighting... But I kept asking myself the same question: What's the point? Not every game needs a romantic sidequest sure but I really feel let down by how shallow this feels. On top of that they aren't even too strong in combat. Like I said that the monsters are strong enough to kill you rather quickly if you aren't paying attention, my ally was content to stay in the back and shoot fireballs, occasionally heal me and facetank the mobs to her hearts content. She spent more time on the floor rather than not. At least a level-up option would have made this feature so much better.Companions: 5/10Pros-Someone to facetank the mobsCons-Lacks depth-No real reason to care for your allies.StoryAs a fan of story-telling in games I feel there was a strong attempt to make something very interesting happen here and I hate to pass judgement when I'm still so early on in the story. But so far I'm not really drawn in to care too much. It's the standard undead horde versus humans and elves storyline that I've seen a while. The demon presence in you seems to be the main focal point of the story but nothing exciting had happened with it in the two hours and thirty minutes of my playtime. I feel like it could possibly evolve into something better but at the same time I feel like it could fall flat on its face.StoryPros-It's not Call of DutyCons-Seemingly can not find a single ♥♥♥♥ to give.SummaryIn summary, the combat is fun and challenging. The customization system has a great amount of depth too it. The companions fall short and it's too early in the game to condemn the story just yet (Though it seems likely to fall on its face). If you're looking for a challenging strategic-action game with Fable-like mechanics, you'll find it here. It's not worth a 60$ price tag for sure and you're better off paying at most: 40$ for it. So if you're just not straight up itching to play this game (In which case you probably already bought it) I'd wait for it go on sale at one point then get it.Overall Score: 7/10Pros-It's challenging-Customization!-Combat is actually kind of enjoyableCons-Companion system fell short of expectations. Don't expect to form Mass Effect style bonds with your companions.-Story is kind of eh this short into the game.-It'll intimidate your average gamer with the customization depth."
76561198027315328,Not Recommended,243930,10244851,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Jaune Arc,"The story line is interesting, But the game itself doesn't live up to the expectation. The ending is aweful; unfullfilling and lacking the drama it had benn building up (any ending that you pick). I have also noticed that in the course of playing, you are really only given about 2 options to allow the demon to further posses you, otherwise the demon will just posses you on its own (honestly, its almost like you can't stop the possession). Overall, Very unfullfilling, I do NOT reccommend."
,Not Recommended,243930,10245340,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Kreegath,"I would not recommend ""Bound by Flame"" to you unless you're both a real avid fan of the action RPG genre and you've played the multitude of other, better, games available to you. You might get some enjoyment out of it, but be aware beforehand that the game is riddled with problems, limitations and questionable design decisions.Firstly, I did find the lore to be engaging. You kept getting glimpses of some very interesting story elements, enough to keep atleast myself hooked until the ending, which then kind of dropped the ball and fizzled out into unsatisfaction. Given that the game studio is both new and small, perhaps you can't expect a perfect product, granted. However, as a gamer, it's still a disappointing experience to sit through, regardless.The game is not built around the lore, however, but rather the combat system. It's no saving grace, sadly, as you'll quickly discover it to be as simplistic and clunky as the story. To clarify: the idea behind the combat system is great, but the execution is not.Like many other action RPG's you'll be expected to fight in a block/dodge-counterattack style, or run and gun with your crossbow and magic. Some enemies will be blocking your attacks themselves, and others will have attacks that need to either be blocked, dodged or interrupted, so you are meant to switch styles on-the-fly. In actuality you don't need to. You will never want to use your blocking and interrupting stance, ever, but solely rely on dodging and interrupting your enemies with the fast attack weaponry. This is because when you fight more than one enemy at the same time, your attack animation for the blocking stance is much, much too slow to ever get a swing off between enemy attacks. Your fast attacks in the dodge stance will always end up doing more damage, faster, simply because your attack animation is that much shorter. That's not to say you HAVE to play with just the daggers, but playing according to the developer's intention WILL frustrate you to no end, for no upside what-so-ever.Another problem with ""Bound by Flame"" is that the controls are unforgivingly clunky for being the main focus of the game. Sometimes your character just will not dodge when you desperately spam the dodge button. Sometimes your character does dodge, but automatically counter-attacks in an attack animation that you cannot interrupt or dodge out of until it's done, which can (and will) spell out your doom when you meet attack combinations that *require* two consecutive dodges.The camera also proves to be problematic, as fighting in small spaces often leads to walls or other doodads getting in the way of your line of sight, and I need not reiterate the need for visuals in a game where your mode of fighting is twitch-based dodge and counterattacks. It's enough to ruin more than one fight every playthrough, which in this day and age is completely unnecessary in my opinion.There's also something to be said for the art direction, as you will be fighting two things throughout the game. The first being undead, primarily zombies, and the second being insects. It gets very boring, very fast. Zombies and insects are easy, starting enemies you have to plough through in most RPG's early in order to get to the good parts; only in this game it ends before actually getting to that good part. The bosses are just the same way, where they look and feel like regular enemies as you get bored after the first time you beat them. Perhaps *something* other than slow zombies would've livened the game up somewhat. Slow zombies are not scary, they're not imposing and they're not dangerous. Neither are insects.The side characters were unengaging, flat and one-dimensional. Your standard, garden variety, fantasy stereotypes.As with Skyrim, you have just about no interaction with them throughout the game, no fluff dialogues to establish any personality, no discernable effect in combat whatsoever, the most bland and formulaic personal quests as well as so called ""romance quests"", that are no more than you picking the dialogue option that suits that character, then choose them for a quest and then get a short cutscene. Coming from someone who's played games that did side characters right, like the Baldur's Gate-, Dragon Age- and Mass Effect series, the lack of effort and thought put into it in ""Bound by Flame"" really shines through. I've played through the game four times and I don't even know any of their personalities; being as bland and vanilla as they are. There's just no interaction whatsoever, nothing to latch onto. They tried giving some of the side characters some gimmick, like the swordsman who refers to people in the third person, but with zero interaction with him apart from the one personal quest per chapter, he's just another body in a collection of bodies.The voice acting is poor, very unengaged, detached, flat and dry. This is extremely disappointing as the main male lead is voiced by the amazingly talented Robin Atkin Downes, of Babylon 5 fame. It's not appropriate to the actions taking place on the screen, with every line coming out like it was read aloud from a sheet of paper with no context. Inflections, tone and timber feels off throughout, and almost never reflecting the emotions that the game tells us the characters are currently feeling.A prime example being a girl who lost her father and apparently feels cold, her heart hardened by the loss and her determination hard as steel. However, neither her voice acting nor dialogue lines never, ever, changes one iota from before her loss to after. In a voice acted RPG, this cannot be done so shoddily, it just doesn't lend to a good player experience.Finally, I have to mention the uncanny valley-effect while watching the cutscenes. The characters don't look at each other, or the camera is pointed so it appears like they're not looking at each other, not making eye contact and not syncing the lip movement to what is spoken. They're also not standing naturally in relation with each other, sometimes standing with a huge space between each other and sometimes right up in each other's faces, not making eye contact of course. It's instantly noticable and very distracting in my opinion.So in conclusion, I would not recommend ""Bound by Flame"", as it tries to do what other games in the genre does, only it never really gets it right or well enough to be passable.An RPG is built on setting, story and characters, and ""Bound by Flame"" fails to deliver an engaging story with interesting characters in an immersive setting.An action RPG is built on a good fighting system and tight controls, and ""Bound by Flame"" fails to deliver either, as the fighting system is heavily biased to one path and the controls are sluggish and unresponsive.A lacking player experience, with an annoying camera, uninvolved voice acting and poorly produced cutscenes, cements the foundation of my recommendation for you to NOT get this game for anything less than a ""75% off"" deal, and only then if you're a fan of the genre. There are better games like ""Bound by Flame"" out there, better games on Steam even. Instead, play the Assassin's Creed series, the Mass Effect series, the Baldur's Gate series, the Dark Souls series, Darksiders, Bastion or even Kingdoms of Amalur: Reckoning."
,Recommended,243930,10247120,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,{e.u.}Jester,"Decent story, game mechanics. Could use some polishing on mechanics and character creation. Combat is fun could be get frustrating when there's a lot of enemies."
76561198069472033,Recommended,243930,10142185,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,BrothaKurk,Very fun! I enjoyed every evil decision I got to make!
76561198126437443,Not Recommended,243930,10142404,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Dixiedevi1,"Besides some moments of great visuals the game is all around meh. The combat system is pretty bad. After 3 hours of play, I really don't have much interest in playing it any more. I feel like I wasted my money. Maybe some day I'll play it through."
,Not Recommended,243930,10143326,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Otaku,"Sorry but i dont recommend this game, it has the ideas to be a good/great game but as it is now its unpalish+ Story and lore are ok- Weapons lack any real inpacked as Monsters tend to atk tho it- Voices and voice acting is poor at best+ choice can inpact story and gameply and not tied to good vs evil-Followers are to weak to do any real damage and die easly+ able to switch attack styles in fight is good, but needs some work- Boss fights are not balince, i had to cheese the 1st real boss fight to beat him"
76561198006626491,Recommended,243930,10077838,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Alpha GO,"Very enjoyable RPG with great graphics and combat, however feels a little short for the price tag, finished it on hard in 20 hours."
76561198053336619,Not Recommended,243930,10078107,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Daddy's Boo,"I don't recommend this game. It doesn't feel finished. Despite talking about all these evil lords, you  face but one. The combat is very fun when it works right...but often it doesn't. Boss battles are very imbalanced with bosses capable of stun-locking you to death.The relationships in this game are very confusing as a cha racter randomly fell in love with me despite me only using him a very short period of time and barely talking to him at all, and it added nothing to the story. It felt like it was added in because 'well Bioware is going to do it'.While the upgrade system is cool and fun, it's ultimately not all that useful as the tiny incriments of upgrades don't seem to add much other than minor improvements here or there.Player choices don't effect much of the story and despite being warned of 'turning evil', I did my best to do so and still got the good ending.Glitches are numerous, both audio, visual and gameplay related, with no enemy balancing whatsoever.The game ends rather abruptly too with little to no explanation given for what you go through, and it left me wondering 'wait...is that it? is that everything?'This game doesn't feel complete, it feels  like they ran out of funding and cut 3/4's of it out. I feel like i only played the first act of the game before suddenly 'poof' the rest of the game is ended.The other Big Bad's don't even make an appearance despite being name-dropped many times. It feels like they had a lot more planned out that never came to fruitation.It's really not worth the price tag and despite how cool the combat feels: it just cannot carry the rest of the game.I'm sorry but I'm goign to suggest you pass on this, which is a shame because it had a lot of potential."
76561198032067409,Recommended,243930,10078407,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,USM-Valor,"THE GOOD: Fun combat, interesting story, customizable weapon/armor/crafting system, great music, meaningful choicesThe BAD: Some dialogue falls flat, somewhat repetitive gamplay elements, uneven difficultyTHE BOTTOM LINE: If you liked Mars: War Logs, buy this game. The best way I can describe Bound By Flame is an indie studio's take on Dragon Age 2. Spiders is a game company you'll either love for their crazily ambitious game design or hate because they aren't Bioware. If you're a diehard action-RPG fan give this game a try for sure. Otherwise, watch a few gameplay videos first before purchasing."
76561198006347283,Recommended,243930,10078474,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Dayman,"Fun little game. Little being the key word here. The developers said it would take around 20 hours or more to complete everything in the game and it only took me 12. Still, after the very, very boring first hours it picks up the pace, and it actually becames a genuinely fun game. The combat is challenging, the story is interesting, the writing is cheesy as hell, the companion system is underdeveloped here, but it still allows for some fun moments. It may not be as good as i was hoping it would be, but is certainly not a bad game. Just not sure about the price though..."
,Recommended,243930,10078723,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,theifun,"(Ignore my play time. My internet has been having issues so I've been playing mostly offline)I recommend this game but only when it's on sale. It's not the best game I've played but it's certainly not the worst, and it satisfies my needs as a lover of action RPG's.The mechanics and environments resemble a not as good version of the Witcher 2. The magic is all fairly genaric (flaming sword, fireball, flame sheild, etc) but the ability to switch between fighting stances at the press of a button is a definite positive that helps add strategy to the fights. The Dark Souls-esque choice between allowing your demonic powers to take over or staying human brings an interesting choice to the player, which helps make up for the not-so-great level up system.But it makes up for that flaw only partially. The perk trees don't offer you many options for character builds. You have a choice between a one handed sword and dual weilded daggers, and you can choose whether to use magic or not. That's about it. There are only three, undersized skill trees, which kind of makes it feel like the developers just didn't feel like making more trees. Despite the pressence of alchemy and crafting, there's no tree for that (a few perks here and there but nothing major), which I think is a big oversight.It's not all bad, though. The controls are all fairly intuitive so long as you reassign some of the curious, strange default key bindings (One of the actions is bound to L by default....What?). Everything necessary is there for what the enemies ask of you as far as I've experienced.There's enough variety in enemies for my needs, and they all pose a decent challenge even on normal difficulty. I never felt like I was slashing through chumps. There are some points where the camera can be annoying but it's infrequent enought to be an ignorable issue. It doesn't make you depend on health potions but it gives you the supplies for some if you need them, which I like.That being said, the AI isn't the best. If you circle around the bosses, they'll do full attack combos in completely the wrong direction, and a lot of enemies won't follow you outside of clearly defined zones. You can be three feet from them, and so long as you're outside of their spot, they'll turn their back to you. I've killed a lot of hefty, fat guys purely by messing with their pathing. Don't get me wrong. The fights are still enjoyable, and the enemies also have their smart times but for some of the harder fights I felt like I was winning by exploiting the AI instead of mastering skills.The graphics and music are enjoyable and the lighting is done well, though the voice acting can be cringeworthy at times. Like, Final Fantasy X level cringewortiness. It didn't bother me too much because I've grown accustomed to bad voice acting from 200 hours of Skyrim but if you value voice acting in a game, prepare yourself ahead of time.Overall, the game is enjoyable if you go into it with the right expectations. It won't blow you away but you can have some fun with it."
76561198094810358,Recommended,243930,10178918,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Monica,I hope we get more games like this. It is awesome.
,Not Recommended,243930,10186101,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Amino,"Got in to the game and through dialog thought it was going to be a big long game turned out i beat it in under 6hours on max difficulty,  $20 game at best."
,Recommended,243930,10199489,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Morrowing,Just about. You get over the flimsy plot and poor voice acting after a while. Decent gameplay though.
76561197970989299,Recommended,243930,10087499,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Deathmaster,not a bad game just need a dlc to the game now
76561197964037753,Recommended,243930,10089025,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Rena Silvertail,"Bound By Flame is a rather fun, interesting and challanging RPG. I went into this game after only seeing one trailer and was unsure of whether it would be any good. I was pleasently surprised. There is a good overall story line which keeps you interested, not to long and drawn out that it makes you bored, and not too short that it makes you want to much more. There are a lot of sidequests that can be done for the different companions and they do add to the time. The skill trees and talents are quite varied and you end up using a lot of variety of skills just to survive. Battles are challanging until you get used to them, and remind me very much of the Witcher - in a good way. Overall this is a good game to play, if you are looking for a different RPG that is fun to just play either in one go (as I did) or on and off. As RPGS go it's not bad and I recommend it."
,Recommended,243930,10089228,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Darkblade414,"UNLIKE MOST PEOPLE HERE I WARN YOU THERE ARE SPOILERS!!!I thought this game was very well done. I have bought many games this year and I'd have to say this one is the best so far.Most people say the combat is clunky but it really isn't. It's all about timing, if you get the timing down the combat is as easy as it is in Batman (Ark. series).As for the artwork, only one word can describe it....beautiful.The char. creation is lacking as someone else pointed out with VERY limited presets.The story, in my opinion, was amazing and flowed smoothly with very few plot holes (unlike most games).The biggest thing that makes this game similar at all to The Witcher is the fact that you can press tab in-game and access a few quick options....in reality this game is in no way like Witcher. The combat is smooth if you have any logical thought as to how two-handed combat would work. There is no delay in parry or blocks (it's like Batman, delays in blocking are rare to none).The voice acting is funny but the script itself makes it okay. Certain options will make you laugh, some will make you want to hit yourself for choosing them and others will make you feel like the self-rightous ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ you truly are.In short, don't listen to the fan boys or the haters. This is a good game, it is worth the money, no it's not perfect, yes it is fun.Pros:Good storyCombat flows smoothlyScript for story is well writenCrafting system is well thought out and easy to understandUpgradable equipment makes combat easierWicked art designs for everythingBOOBSFairly long story that is easy to play through more than once.Cons:Poor voice actorsSlight glitched during dialogue that makes two chars fuse (not major just funny looking)***Sploiler*** You only get to kill one of the ice lords and he isn't very hard to killSmall weapon and armor verietyEnd game boss is way harder than anything you fight in the whole game....like WAYYYYYY harderHope this helped and I hope you enjoy the game as much as I did.Remember kidios, when reading reviews make sure you watch out for hater ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s and fanboys neither one will give you an honest review. This one shows both sides. Yes it's a good game, no it's not the best game ever."
76561198019774806,Recommended,243930,10089711,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Takuto,"Im going to say yes to recommend mostly because its a decent basic RPG and we havent had almost any of those in a long time.Combat is basic and could use some more work, the way you cast spells as a pyromancer is a little to clunky and you often will find yourself double casting.The idea of allowing access to all 3 classes of combat is fine, however forcing you to look like a bulky iron bound warrior is quite a dissapointment.  There are many Pyromancer Concept art on the games website showing a mix of Armor and Robes however you get nothing of the sort in this game, even leather armor looks too bulky.Character customization needs a lot of work, with only 5 basic choices you dont get much immersion. However the looks do fit the characters personality rather well.My main dissapointment was the story.  The idea was great and very well thought out, however it doesnt deliver what it builds up to.  7 Icelords taking over the world and you meet 1 of them, you make really 2 choices that affect your demon influence/transformation in the entire game, other than that the game just does what it will.  So example, choose the first influence choice and the rest of the game up until choice 2 is all demon action related. Same with choice number 2.Though  I enjoyed the game in the most basic sense, the developers really should have spent alot more time in this games development.  So overall Id give this game a C..."
76561198031712760,Recommended,243930,10089927,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Salramis22,"Its a decent game. A bit like dragon age, but pretty short. Will be able to do multiple play throughs though with the quest variables and the different play styles you can try out."
76561198045453401,Recommended,243930,10091631,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,SergeiDaZombie,Hack and slash with a real challenge. Unfortunately it has sub par dialogue but the action and crafting make up for it.
76561197960392584,Recommended,243930,10086466,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,CombatDave,"This is a hard review to write as I feel there is a lot of potential with BBF, and while I keep wanting to come back to the game the combat system really deters me which is sad because with a few changes I think it could be more fun. While I do agree with other reviews citing clunky combat or a repeated parry attack attack repeat pattern, every enemy has a distinct fighting style (depending on your proximity/type of offense), and (at least what I can discern) the secret to combat is the well timed parry/dodge and risposte and judicious application of abilities and tools. I agree with some that as the single means (and as of my current in-game experience as all points into warrior with an emphasis on axes/crits/knockback/hp regen) of actually finding success in many fights, I can't find as much fun in engaging in combat which is after all except for the storyline why many play this sort of game. Take for example Kingdoms of Amular: Reckoning - a great game (at least for me) that I played multiple times through because combat was so fluid with regards to movement, reaction, and board control. Without playing the Ranger spec with points yet (hopefully I get enough points to distribute among two full trees in one game), I get the sense that dodging alone gives you the mobility you need without requiring perfect timing allowing for greater success and generally more enjoyment. My point here can be exemplified with what I think is the second ""boss"" fight against the large (I'm trying not to give spoilers) swamp creature that moves pretty quickly etc. etc. As a warrior my option was to riposte just about every attack (and react to other mechanics, again I'll try not to spoil the fight) or fail. You might say an unforgiving game makes for a greater challenge, greater feeling of success...but I thought I was a warrior, and looking at the talents you get and weapon stats/upgrades available, damage reduction, interupts, and massive swings are my survival mechanism. Sadly I find even at master level while I have started to enjoy a new found balance with common undead and swamp creatures (interupts with bigger massive well-timed hits), boss fights still rely completly on riposte, if only to mitigate their damage. On almost every boss fight I've engaged so far it feels like the Ranger is a requirement (unless you cheese the fight which is pretty much what I've had to do - run away and regen enough health, get as many swings in with ripostes, inevitably get knocked back and lose 60-80 percent health, run away and heal up, repeat. Isn't that what health pots are for? Well..if I could reliably use one mid-combat then sure, but again you have to have a full few seconds to use one or the effect is canceled if you'r struck, at all. I feel like the warrior could really use a bigger hp and/or knockback/dmg reduction if we don't get a dodge, or some means of moving about the board faster. I feel like a great addition to the game could be a roll/dodge as emplyed in Kingdoms of Amular. Even this one addition I feel could make up for a lack in board movement and in-combat strategic placement, add much needed second/third/++ means of defense and combat complexity - and while on that subject I was rather sad to only see two moves per stance (warrior/ranger). You get a primary slash, and then a secondary (chargeable for a 2x round of slashes) more powerful attack. Something that I've come to expect from this sort of game and adds so much play-ability are combo attacks. On this note, while you can mash buttons and it does string the base attacks together, there's a lot of time inbetween moves where you effectively lose control of your character (except for parry/dodge which cancels the current attack and while does grant immunity from incoming attacks for that split second, feels a little odd). This lack of control is also seen when casting spells/buffs. Some you might argue have a talent you can acquire to make them instant cast, but take for example the warrior's war cry. You can't cast that mid-battle (usually, or without running away first) or you'll get knocked around. The buff itself only lasts for 15 seconds (if you've fully spec'd into it). With the time it takes to run back into battle (or engage to begin with) and more importantly the requirement that you riposte or get knocked back (usually), the effective buff up time with regards to atually buffed hits is pretty limited (again usually). I get though that the idea is with the buff you get a massive chance to knockback/interupt enemies, but sadly it just doesn't feel strong enough. In short I don't feel like there is enough control of your character or over enemies in combat. To touch on other peoples comments about your companion, there's another sort of cheese mechanic I feel you have to employ, at least before you get enough points to make your spec (reasonably) viable. Put them on defensive mode and let them tank a few mobs (or the boss..no really, I'm currently playing with a caster who while does little dmg can tank like a champ). To sum up - there's enough good here in my opinion to warrant giving the game a try. I'm definitely on the fence (without having played the ranger) when it comes to combat though - normal mob fights have become a bit more manageable and fun, but I've yet to engage in a boss fight where I felt I could reliably react to encounter mechanics (really just riposte/dodge) to win without having to run out and loop around a tree or something until regaining enough health (I am on the Buffalo difficulty although not sure how much of a difference this actually makes). Like some others have stated I feel that perhaps playing both the warrior and ranger in combat might grant a level of enjoyable complexity and greater survivability, but I've yet to see where the warrior really excels. Take a look at the Ranger's final talent..perhaps I should have put points into that first as maybe then I can have enough board control to non-cheese a boss and win.#Begin Update1I'd like to add a few new observations after playing for a bit more - after putting more points into interuption (warrior talent) and rage (hp regen on kill), as well as using a hammer with full interupt upgrade, I feel like normal mob combat (even more so than before) is a lot more enjoyable. I still have to make sure to balance parry and riposte when needed, but I don't feel that it is the only thing I can do to not die and plink away at the enemy. As well, I've made sure to put full protection for the most common form of dmg (frost in this case) and that seems to have helped a bit. I will still say though that boss fights still feel really out of whack. Without mobs to kill for rage or the hightened ability to interupt which I doubt i'll see on bosses I still feel like these sorts of encounters are my punishment for getting to see what's next in the story. I'd like to note that I've also turned the difficulty down to normal, and while I'm no means a novice when it comes to many game types, I think the variables used to harden difficulty perhaps wern't well balanced/tested? I'd be particularily interested to see how the console version plays vs. the pc.#Begin Update2Even more time spent wading through corpses and the undead - boss/mini boss fights do feel a bit easier with more stun ability, almost sort of silly. Combat ends up being melee until they arn't interupted and then either counter their melee or move away from an aoe/frontal cone attack. I'm finding my damage output feels lacking and not for want of better outfitting myself or trying to counter for extra crit (e.g. bone golems...)"
,Recommended,243930,10093344,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,shellshock,"God damn, I wanted to write a super duper long review, but ♥♥♥♥ it. I recommend this game because it has hard fights, you can be a god damned fire demon and kick stupid zombie asses. AND it's an Hack and Slay RPG. WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR"
,Recommended,243930,18001796,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Tea Eye Weiner Fangay,great soundtrack... and great game... regardless what ppl said by compared it with other game... actually its quite fun game to play :) too bad the story end so fast only 3 chapter
76561198008721867,Recommended,243930,17938647,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Dr.Evil1Billion$,"Good game!A great time killer, many missions, exciting story, seems to familiar with final fantasy 12 game style.So yeah you're free to roam around but mainly focus on the mission at hand to advance forward.The graphics aren't even half bad and you a good return on your money :)Hope you enjoy it"
76561198039896833,Recommended,243930,18038409,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Bets,"Good game, just think there could have entented the story some more."
,Recommended,243930,18038921,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Summer Santa,"This is a game you play if you:>Not too fussed about Storyline>Not too fussed about graphic>Love quicksaving>love customisable armour>Love throwing your controller through windowsAll in all, this is a ♥♥♥♥ing fun game. I scavanged around for everything I could to get the armour/weapon mods I wanted. It's a nice little game that has a throwback to oldschool RPGs. It's hard. HARD! So don't be afraid to play on easy first run through to save your teeth a good grinding. Like people have said, it's not the best game out there but I guarentee you'll spend a good 20-30hrs playing this.Player agency gets taken away at choices when you let the demon win, but honestly I didn't mind it. Made sense. Last boss takes the difficulty up to 11 but HOLY SH*T do you feel acomplished when you beat him.All in all, is it worth $30? Nah. I love this game, but it's not worth that. Get it on sale or through a 3rd party and enjoy it.7/10"
,Recommended,243930,17900348,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Eamonius,"Short and sweet(like this review), this game is a great fix for that action adventure fantasy RPG craving that I feel when I'm not in the mood to dive into something huge like The Witcher, or an E.S. game.Cheap story, cool armors/weapons, surprisingly difficult combat (depending on the setting), and average 2012ish graphics, it really accomplishes all that it needs to. Not sure why all of the negative reviews. Come on people, not every game can be top shelf. I give it a 7.5/10. Definitely worth the 10 bucks its on sale for at the moment."
,Recommended,243930,17928176,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Sorval,"This game contains:A brutal, but manageable difficulty.Solid art design.A unique, cool soundtrack.A GREAT equipment modification system.Cool boss fights.A rather generic, but effective, non-pretentious plot.Admittedly, mediocre voice acting.Decent, but inconsistent production values.There's good and bad in this game, but if you can take the shortcomings in stride, it's a worthy adventure.I'd give it an 8/10. Consistently very good, and often great, but there are a few blemishes that are rather easy to ignore."
,Recommended,243930,17914566,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Sfs,"Bought it since i thought it looked cool and holy moly was it a fun game to play.Even if i sometimes wanted to punch my screen in frustration.Would not recommend for those with anger management issues.Great game, clearly worth buying"
76561198129062639,Recommended,243930,17914719,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,RedVicious,"Okay, so I didn't finish the game yet but there is certainly 1 thing i need to mention to all of the people that will buy this game; ITS WORTH IT. But prepare yourself for hours of frustration since this game is not noob friendly at all. ANY small minion can kill you , so saving after each victory is a must.And since this game is on sale now it's simply a must get, since it has close to everything you need,story wise maybe not for 100% but the gameplay is surely fun . ( sorry for bad engrish )"
76561197992218879,Recommended,243930,18064695,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Definition,Despite the negative reviews i gave it a shot & i think it is epic!
76561198065518189,Recommended,243930,18217947,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Mini or Big?,This game is great okay so its not the best made game there is but i really love the story and the combat maybe combat can be really boring in the start but it gets more awesome i'll give this game 8/10 why it only gets and 8 is that this game when you fail a lot it really gets your blood going and that makes me really mad but again great story awesome combat and some nice music too
,Recommended,243930,14672019,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,D25: Thief,"The animation and voice acting leave a bit to be desired for, and the fighting mechanics are so-so. However I have to say I enjoy the story and overall the game itself is decent. Don't go in expecting a masterpiece, but if you take it for what it is, it's a fun ride."
,Recommended,243930,16986908,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Backlog Gaming,Pros:Good GraphicsFun GameplayMusicCons:StoryLegnthVoice Acting was OkOverall its an average game at best nothing amazing. Wait for a sale before purchasing.
76561198015213429,Recommended,243930,17881003,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Samson,"Over an hour in I am leaving this review for anyone who, like me, is looking at this game while it is on offer and wondering if they should get it...Do.It is a great looking game, graphics are very unique, almost cell shaded yet realistic at the same time, combat so far is engaging, no idea why people are complaining about pressing left mouse for attack, right for heavy and space for block. It looks simple yet you need to keep and eye on the enemies. You will enjoy it I promise."
,Recommended,243930,11954861,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Ty 哈,"This game has potential, but doesn't deliver. I like this game, hopefully we get a better sequel in the future.6.5/10"
,Recommended,243930,17732787,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Mr. Nefarius,"it's like many others of it's genre, Reckoning, etc...my biggest complaint with this, Reckoning and many others is the running back & forth along with all the confusion of so many side quests that seem to kill the overall flow/pace of the game.these c/o aside, it's worth getting if on sale <$20..."
76561198009922047,Recommended,243930,17061069,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Snakebird [LOMS],"I just finished this game and all the posts on the community about this boss being infuriatingly dififcult compared to the rest of the game are true. I've lost count of how many tries the damn thing took me.This game isn't the longest or the most polished game ever but I liked the plot, the atmosphere and the characters. You can be male or female and I really liked the female choice, she has a bad♥♥♥♥♥personality. The controls felt like a simplified Dark Souls, I didn't find them particularly awkward but some of the fights can be very difficult. Controller support is very good. There are quite a few choices to make that affect the flow of the plot, the endings and even your character's appearance. Weapon and armour customisation also changes your appearance a lot, a system I liked, although initial character creation is a little limited. Although the world is very linear with no ability to backtrack, there are quite a few side quests with good rewards and lots of hidden treasure to find. This game is often compared to Dark Souls and I think I prefer it to the Souls series because you have companions and in general are a lot less lonely, also there is background music and you can guard-break properly.Most importantly, this game made my inner pyromaniac cackle with glee all the way through the story."
,Recommended,243930,17583391,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,joemighty16,"First off, let me say, yes, I do recommend this game. Second off, you’ll most likely enjoy it more or be less annoyed if you can get it on a Steam sale.Bound by Flameis a linear RPG set in a dark fantasy setting (mostly medieval humans, elves and undead). Where this game tries to stand apart from all the other dark fantasy RPG games, in my opinion, is the following:1. Combat options are limited - either a two handed sword or dual wield daggers - but you are empowered by a fire demon to buff your attacks and give additional fire damage.2. You can upgrade or customise the armour and weapons that you loot or buy with ingredients that you can loot or recycle from weapons or armour.3. It is quite difficult. Presumably the developers aimed at Dark Souls difficulty, but for me the easy difficulty was enough of a challenge to keep me interested.Bound by Flameis a good game – it is not an excellent game, yet you could believe that the developers were aiming for something spectacular, but then their time or money ran out. Some aspects of the game are truly excellent, but unfortunately the combination of all these aspects aren't as polished as you’d like.The music is excellent; combat music or ambient music. It sets the somewhat sad and melancholic mood that underlines the whole “end of the world” situation.The 3D models are quite good, however the quick time movie events that tells the story could have used more work. The voice acting was well executed, but unfortunately the subtitles contained quite a few spelling and typographical errors.Character creation is very limited: you get to pick one preset face out of four for each gender.Environments / maps are limited. ThinkDragon Age 2maps, but for a shorter game. Enemies respawn, so you can farm for loot or XP if you'd like.Combat is quite basic, yet effective. You only have two stances: melee, using a two handed sword, and ranger, using two daggers. Timing is critical as you have to block or dodge, stun (by means of a kick or crossbow bolt) or attack between enemy attacks. You can also make use of fire magic to buff and support your normal attacks (e.g. setting your sword aflame or throwing fire balls).You get to loot each and every enemy you kill. Loot entails weapons and armour, as well as raw materials with which you can craft potions, traps, or components with which to upgrade your weapons and armour.Story wise it’s a tried and tested formula. The world is in danger and you have been empowered to be the only one capable to save it. You gather some companions to help you in this struggle, but certain choices will cause them to leave you. The choices are somewhat artificial – it doesn't change the story at all, except for the final scene and end credits. It is quite short; I wasted a lot of time farming and replayed a level or two and still finished in 20 hours. However, at the end of the game it feels like the developers had had a longer game in mind but were forced to quickly tie everything off and finish it.Comparisons have been made between this game and far bigger and more successful games. Sure, the whole choice system is getting to be an empty promise as precious few games allow you to truly change the story by means of your choices. The storyline is always the same but for a few inconsequential differences. Therefore don’t expect this game to revolutionise the choice system, or anything else for that matter. Play it because it contains just good and clean hacking and slashing, some disturbing imagery, and some unexpectedly well rendered graphics and witty dialogue."
76561198056914639,Recommended,243930,17482040,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,rem410ml,"This was an exciting RPG that had plenty of action, many different choices regarding characters and companions, and the ability for the character to be totally engaging was awesome.  The various battles were great, and plentiful; you really needed to use solid strategy to win each battle.  I only wish it had been a longer game.  I know that may sound frivolous, but I like long RPG that take many days to complete.  Other than the aforementioned, the only item that seems to be lacking is a more robust crafting system.  Though you have the ability to craft by adding various thing to the existing items, the opportunity to build unique, and more powerful armor from scratch would have enhanced the gaming experience.  Still, I will have to say that I thoroughly enjoyed this game and would not hesitate to recommend it as a good game to own.  I hope that the creators of the game are planning for a sequel sometime soon."
76561198007233461,Recommended,243930,16398233,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,michael.schonert,"this game is far better than its reputation !! grafics are nice , the story is interesting and combat is a challange.give it a try !"
76561198036283702,Not Recommended,243930,15441475,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Lil Professor,It is hard I sugest a let's play or review befor buying.
,Not Recommended,243930,20767523,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Asur,"I can forgive anything, but not a lazy fight mechanics with rubber controls. It is not good enough even after Mars: War Logs. Animations sucks too but it doesn't matter after all. It is a sad for action RPG with not such a unique world and overhelmong story. Sorry guys."
,Recommended,243930,21049560,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Darth Norcinu,I'ts hard me like
76561198062554613,Recommended,243930,21066381,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,ManSalmon1994,"this game aint to bad, story line is a little rushed i feel, but so far i like the game play. crafting system is pretty easy too"
76561198061457618,Recommended,243930,19755244,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Optimistic,It took me 11 hours to complete the game with all side missions complete. Still worth playing though if you can grab it on sale. Dont spend over fifteen dollars on this.
76561198009629496,Recommended,243930,19755710,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,LoS LS95,"Combat feels polished and flexible, thoguh the Warrior stance always feels a bit clunky and slow (in a good way, you're wielding a heavy weapon after all). Story is alright, kind of a short journey though with it only being 3 Acts and an short end segment with a somewhat difficult Final boss, even on the easiest difficult setting. It's pretty much a discount Witcher. You only really get one choice though to change anything in the plot and it comes in the Swamps, and it basically boils down to ""Let the Demon take over"" or ""Stay Human"". I advise making a save when you get to that point so you can play both paths with the same ""character"". I felt it was a pretty well-done RPG from Spiders, even with the few issues I found while playing."
76561198143505465,Not Recommended,243930,19896718,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,AileronRoll,"This game is clunky, tedious, and makes me want to stab goats. 3/10"
76561198112910269,Recommended,243930,19813873,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,deleter,"Best game ive ever played, it requests good skills so if youre bad in skills dont play it.Good story and bosses, graphic, swords, powers and characthers. PLS MAKE MORE GAMES LIKE THIS!!"
,Recommended,243930,19914477,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,aegorsuch,"Spiders consistently makes great games. If you haven't played any Spiders games, check out this and Mars: War Logs."
76561198216048743,Recommended,243930,19923331,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,day_will_fall.exe,"I recommend u buy this game ONLY if its on sale or you'll waste your money if u buy it full price. Here's why;Gameplay is really great, I love the combat on this game, the graphics is amazing, the protagonist is quite a♥♥♥♥♥♥head with a somehow badass, but there's one single downfall this game has and that is.. THE STORY IS REALLY SHORT, 10 hours only playing this game (including side quests) this game would be a bomb if the story is long. The ice lord boss are 7 but u only have to battle 1!!! then after that final boss!! (literally speaking) I'll love this game so much if only the story is quite long enough and the end scene is like a cliffhanger dunno why i felt that, oh yeah i forot to mention the game music soundtrack is really good. Overall, play this game if u like action cause literally, the combat in this game is really good but if u like an rpg with a looong story, I wouldn't recommend this game but for me I don't regret buying this game. ;)"
,Not Recommended,243930,19948089,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Martin,"Other reviews go in depth, this is a basic run down of my opinion.A very mediocre RPG.Wooden, emotionless voice acting with almost none existing facial animations.rather linear gameplay (which is perfectly fine) but an uninteresting story and truly terrible combat make it feel like a chore going from one area to the next. Pretty limited and basic leveling system.Graphics are ok but bordering last gen, runs great though and has plenty of pc options including FOV.I picked it up 80% off and at that price I would recommend it, at full price i'd say stay well away."
,Not Recommended,243930,19955672,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Creation Club™ Dwarven Mudcrab,a janky game with cool combat mechanics squandered by bad level design choices. once you master the combat the gameplay becomes more fun but that journey isn't worth suffering the game's mostly poor writing all the way to its abrupt end
76561197995246913,Recommended,243930,19856886,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,BashiFTW,"Clunky combat controls, trailers seem legit until you play it yourself.Would like to see that visually the game looks nice, but the story is typical.I would recommend if you are driven by the story of an action RPG, but would definitely say try the hardest difficulty. Its a must if you enjoy a challenge."
,Not Recommended,243930,20597014,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Shekdog,"An uninspired fantasy ARPG title riddled with cliches and mediocrity. The premise is admittably intriguing, but is let down by a badly handled plot and dull storytelling, with very flat characters carved out of cliched archetypes (with a few exceptions like your evil witch companion), which is not helped by the generally sub-par level of voice acting and cringe-worthy dialogue seemingly written by 12-year-olds. The gameplay consists of 90% combat, which has its moments but is unfairly difficult due to the poorly-implemented system. Enemies often outnumbers you, most of their attacks stagger you and hits like a truck, while they themselves are hard to stagger and almost always have more health than you, and the clunky controls certainly don't help. Outside of combat there's very little to do since all of the levels are basically corridors with occassionally branching paths, and there's not much to see or explore. All in all, it is a game which does a lot of things, however don't do nearly enough to particularly excel or even be competent at them. It has decent models and textures, but sadly wasted on boring environment, uninspired level designs and blindingly bright lighting which makes everything looks over-exposured. There's nothing which stands out and what the game does right is vastly surpassed by other far superior ARPG titles out there like the Witcher 2. Some may call this a flawed gem, but I'd say it's more like a hunk of rock from someone's failed sculpturing project."
,Recommended,243930,20481553,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,joshuasmiled,I recommend trying the game if it's on discount because you'll be disappointed if you pay the full price. It is slow and not completely original but they did try to include new ideas which is commendable but the story itself is quite short. Don't be fooled because it says I have 3 hours on record because I have played about 20 hours but has refused to register. So all in all it's a nice game to try providing that you don't pay $30 for it.
,Not Recommended,243930,20432602,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,RyoScar,"This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥..like really♥♥♥♥♥♥ awful voice acting, bad clunky combat and a really generic story to top it all off, glad steam started doing refunds because of this."
76561198087902715,Recommended,243930,20433378,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Tw1st3d,I seen alot of negative reviews on this game i nearly didnt buy it ....But i got it on the winter special dealand i must say yes there is aot of bad in the gameBut as for game play im really enjoying itAnd to me thats what matters..
76561198056330660,Recommended,243930,20415734,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,The Lord,"This game is seriously cool, hard but cool, that's a real game haha"
76561198078272161,Recommended,243930,20629985,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,stephen-madboy,"I have played bound by flame and uploaded gameplay on youtube.I will have the link below. But, despite some negative reviews on here I think it was really good however, the pros and cons.Pros: Story is very well written so farVoice acting was very funny and played very wellCombat System is very interesting and somewhat new to me although i know there are games that have a similar     system.Graphics are awesome despite my system having a bad graphics card.There is more but i am very early into the game but after i am finished i will write a more indepth review.Cons: Combat system is very slow at the startCharacter customisation is very limited just not much to it.Once again i am very much early into the game but overall it is a fun game to play despite the cons.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jhMFdh_qfzU"
76561197971663658,Not Recommended,243930,20601689,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,alkemmy,"Another generic ""Spiders"" game, identicle to games like ""Of Orcs and Men"" and ""Mars War Logs"", just using a different graphics set dropped on top of the Silk Engine.  Games on the cheap, once you have the coding backbone in place.  Astonishing that Steam are allowing games of this lowly calibre into their market place.  They can drop all pretence at quality control.  It's the kind of game you wait and wait for it to get better, but it never does."
,Recommended,243930,10070554,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Billyro,"The main issue with Bound by Flame is ambition; it tries to do everything you'd expect from an RPG of this genre - and it does this adequately - but it doesn't really excel in anything to make it stand out among the crowd.Despite this, the game did provide 11 hours of entertainment. I would recommend purchasing this on a sale, as the game is probably not worth the full price without some more polish."
76561198050074629,Recommended,243930,30445247,Posted: 11 March,all,scott,"Pretty cool old school 3rd person D & D stuff.repetitive, but coolWorth 10-20 hours of your life"
,Not Recommended,243930,10202698,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,PYROMANT|C,"Bound by Flame continues Spiders’ unfortunate history of producing B grade RPGs, seemingly being unable to learn their past mistakes to make their future releases better. It has all the makings of a good RPG, the combat system works most of the time (despite it’s wild changes in difficulty), the levels are meaningful and the crafting system is halfway to being worthwhile. Still the story is well below mediocre and Bound by Flame has numerous glitches and behaviours that do nothing but ruin the experience. I’d love to say I’m looking forward to what they’re doing next but it seems that they have no interest in learning from their mistakes.Go on Spiders, prove me wrong.Read my full review here:http://www.therefinedgeek.com.au/index.php/2014/05/23/bound-by-flame-humanity-is-overrated/"
,Recommended,243930,10205695,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,DankBeast,"One of my New Favorite  Rpgs,  Combat is Perfect people who are complaing about it being to slow didn't Build There Char Correctly, also you don't Always Run out of Mana there is Passive Skills with in the Pyro Skill Tree that increase your mana regen also if you go Demon you get a huge mana Regen IncreaseOnly Con i have for this game is Only killing of the 1 Ice lord"
,Not Recommended,243930,10206512,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Nickmiester007,"Very short game, very hard, doesnt explore customisation very much, not very much variety when it comes to the looks of the weapons.It is worth the price, but don't expect too much."
,Not Recommended,243930,10146718,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Gemanoneko,"I wanted to reccomend this game, I really did. But I can't do that.It has a nice environments and monsters design. Trailer is great and promise the game at the level of Dragon Age. Sadly, BBF is just another action with RPG elements. And not an AAA one. My main complain that sooner or later game becomes button-mashing fest with uninspiring story. I'm at act 3 (after sewers) and I don't think I'll finish this game soon. Linear, boring, small locations, generic loot, same enemies all the time, same tactics to kill all of them. Enter room - clean mobs - go to next room - clean the same mobs. After the middle of the game, writing is non-existent and choices doesn't matter. If you want a low budget slasher, play Hunted: the Demon Forge. More boobs, better design, more interesting story. Get BBF at 80% discount. If you really curious."
76561198111968299,Recommended,243930,10147173,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Hammerark,"Firstly I have to say that this is somewhat a reluctant recommendation for Bound by Flame. I grind quite a lot in games like this and for it to finish after just 26 hours was quite shocking.I had this feeling that the game would be huge, with three main Ice Lord bosses, as it took me so long to get to the first. But when it abruptly ended I was like 'What the heck?', that was a surprise.On the good side I really enjoyed the combat, it's a very playable game and the warrior tree was to me the best route for that instinctive enjoyment.Voice acting was horrific, the single worse component of the game and a real immersion breaker, especially as this game followed my first play through of The Witcher 2, of which this game was clearly inspired by.Ultimately, enjoyable but short and shallow for an RPG."
,Not Recommended,243930,10160060,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Punished Cunha,"DON'T BUY IT, IT'S BUGGY AND GLITCHYThe game is good and all, but there are so many bugs and glitches that it becomes anoying. I've been stuck on ACT II for more then a week because a main character, known as Randval, simply disappears if you don't complete his quest before doing other quests, wich gets you stuck forever. I ckecked every forum there is, this seems to be a common problem. The fact that there has not been a update patch so far pisses me of and therefore I say DONT BUY THIS GAME,"
,Recommended,243930,10162691,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,NexAngelus *Fortnight*,"Game is freakin AMAZING!!! reminds me of a twist of gothic and dark souls. also very tactical combat like witcher! this game is hard.... im on ""balanced"" called hawk and omg even when going back and fighting things u can own face on, if u get lazy u can still die in a second :(. i have died so many times its almost not even funny. but the game is just so dam FUN! also the humor in this game is one of the best i have ever seen. every 5 mins im loling my♥♥♥♥♥off and about once an hour im almost falling out of my chair from something someone has said. it really is that great. also i know many ppl dont like music in their games but i have found the soundtrack to this game also amazing. this is one of the best all around games i have played in a LONG LONG time. if it had coop is possibly the ONLY thing that could possibly make this game any better :) highly recommend this to anyone who likes any of the above things."
76561198010757578,Recommended,243930,12275724,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Grim_Reaper,"a great game with an even better storyline,challenging game easily played with keyboard and x-box controller"
,Recommended,243930,12435169,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,ECy Manufacturing,"Absolutely underrated game, even more so than Mars: War Logs, which was a little hidden gem - rough at the edges, but with some heart. Same here. Combat system is not the greatest, but it's not bad - the Total Biscuit review makes no sense (unless he didn't get into the character development at all). No AAA title, but definitely worth checking out."
,Recommended,243930,11138194,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Blue Devil,this games alright for 10 bucks.
,Recommended,243930,12451481,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,mojihaka,"This is the game I've always wanted but never knew it.It's set in a fantasy land with demons and magic and♥♥♥♥♥♥ but at the same time it manages to maintain kind of a gritty feel, like The Last of Us, but with liches.The characters are all fantastic. They all feel real and flushed out without getting up in your face with character developement, including the protagonist. In battle, they're a weird mix of useless and invaluable, depending on how the fight is going.The level up system is perfect. You can choose between 3 skill trees to put your points into, and it's entirely viable to make a hybrid class. All of the level-up rewards give significant bonuses to your character, but none of them make the game easier to play- they just reward you for playing well.The combat is a dream. All of your actions must be deliberate and well thought-out or you'll get hit, but you have enough HP to take plenty of hits before dying. Imagine the skill-based intracacies of Dark Souls, but the forgiveness of a typical hack-n-slash.The morality system isn't really a morality system, it's just a decision of how demonic you want to be. Which is awesome.Overall, BBF is a shining example of what RPG's should be, and I eagerly anticipate the next one."
76561198006861257,Not Recommended,243930,11516806,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Archaic,"Had promise but inconsistent mechanics and difficulty levels. Dialog at times was pathetic. The story should have been the best part, but the supporting characters lacked develoment."
76561198007104522,Not Recommended,243930,11557840,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Demon,"not worth $40.00 thats for sure. theres 9 hours in the game and thats with doing alot of side quests, wait till its $19.99 or better on sale. the graphics are nice and the action is good but thats about it."
76561198038784154,Recommended,243930,11548612,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,tylergallant_6,this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥!!
76561198020624678,Recommended,243930,11548710,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Gronkar,"My thoughts on this game? 8/10This game was well done, and i highly enjoyed it. If i see the sequal on Steam for Pre order, by the same devs, i would get it.The only thing i wish they did was add More, of Everything! characters, items, chapters, story, demon stages, unique people to MURDER like... the game is not without faults. But the parts of the game that would otherwise shine through most others of this genre, cover up for it's faults.I highly recomend, and i surely hope We see a bound by flame 2 before too long.Read Below for all the information Steam allows me to say, ""Text limit, apperently""Story: The Story is probably the best part to this game. Play a random dude, who suddenly, by accident, get's this demon living in his head? like, HYPE! Won't spoil much, but, expect a fairly short, sweet little story taking place at the end of all life on the world. More branch off options from the story, in all chapters would have been very good also. Feels like it's Almost a book, with no options to change direction of the story. But, with that, the story itself is still really good, with two equally awesome endings.Gameplay: The fighting itself was surprisingly good, even fairly challenging. There are many ways to go about fighting how you want, and this is important for games like this. Of course, more styles of fighting never hurt, they still did a wonderful job with the boss fights and even encounter to encounter. Never did i feel strong enough to just charge something blindly and kill it. Every fight took at least some thought, or strategy going in.Dialoge: Now, this is an RPG game. there are companions, and chatting. Sure, a lot of it can be skipped, but what fun is that? :D The Dialoge was good. It started off Great. not a lot of boring chatter, but you could still get a grip on what was happening. However, as i got farther into the game. i Noticed less Dialoge. I even went back and talked to Everyone i could to try to find out as much as i could about somone or somthing. Then, game events happen, and it felt like i missed an entire chapter somewhere. Because my character just Had knowledge of somthing. No one told him, not even the demon, he just knew.Sounds/Music: The sounds in the game are very nice. Swords clanging, spells flinging, people nearly dieing, all good. The music on the other hand... the first hour into the game, i thought it was good. Then, i was finally on another chapter, in another location, and the music changed. About half way through the game i had to just mute it. Either to short songs on a to short of a loop, or, something. Also, the music was very peaceful in most cases, which was smoothing, and good... untill you heard some dude horribly humming to it. Got Really Anoyying, Very fast. I often thought if they played the songs, without any human sound effects, it would have been soooo much better.Classes/Customization: The classes ingame are not really Picked when you make your character. Rather, you spend points as you level, where you want. Which is fine and cool. But i found the customization here very limiting. With only three trees and with how short the game was, it was ok. Still had many spells and abilities to have fun with. But i am the type of person, where, if they had, say, 30 different ability trees, it would be good, not great. In games like this i feel there should be no limit to style. Forcing somone into a mage or warrior role should not be a thing, given, many other RPGs try to do the same. However, with that said, it makes since for Bound by Flame to do that, because of the story. Your character is after all, a Mercenary, in a company, of Warriors. being some paladin would not fit in.Comanpions: Now, here is where i think the biggest flaw of the game lies. You get fairly limited amount of Companions, their Following AI is kind of lacking. ""They fight well though."" Most of them seem to lack depth to me. I cannot go into this without spoiling anything. So, Here we go,***SPOILERS: I love and i mean Love the fact that at some point, you take over the company. However, this seemed to make Really, like, No impact on Anything... the world is ending, you need every soldier you can, so, let's kill some super strong dude because i Assume the demon within him gave him some kind of lust for blood or power? Like, ok. Was Awesome, but the implications of such were.... empty. I Litterely killed the captian, and talked to Buffalo, and in his dialoge, he talks about how the captain needs to decide what to do and soon because of their situation. Even the Emberblade knight guy had some depth to him... just... no real follow up? Like, his backstory was kind of cool. But it was information that not at even 1 point in the game, mattered. Which is fine, it's a backstory after all.As for Sybil though? Does she even have a backstory or was given life by a spell in a library to just read books? Her entire character seems.... lacking... on everything, execpt her heals. Edwen was a cool companion... but you never Learn anything about her. She had attitude, and obviously tried to sway the main character in a direct she thought was best. But, the second you disagree with her she gets mad, tries to get you killed, then, tries to take your power. Like... sounds cool. But, the actuall ness of her being to weak to even fight of the creepy guardian wives, to thinking she can just, kill you and take your power? like... eeehhhhhh ya ok. like, she lose her mind? nothing was really explained about her, no matter how often i tried to talk to her, and Everyone.The best companion in my opinion was probably Mathras. He was very unique, and powerful. and seemed to just not care about very much. He was disconnected from the world, had incredible depth, and only saught to see how the events of the main character would turn out. Like, Really cool!As for the others, i don't even remember their names. i know there was some whiney elf who just appeared. i don't even remember how i met him, or half the elves for that matter. They just kind of, poof, hi, i shoot a bow. :SPOILERS ***So, now all that is really left is the UI and Crafting system.UI is short, worked fine, had no issues with it.Crafting System: Now this is... kind of unique. I like the idea of what was being done here. But i felt it was far to little. I ended the game with so much Crap, i could raise an army. The upgrade only thing was pretty cool. However, i Really feel their needed to A: be WAY more slots to fit to upgrade stuff, or B: capability of Actually making a new item. Simply finding something and adding onto it was really cool just felt like the system was not finished when the game was released. I don't think a crafting system like Skyrim would fit well for this game either, Skyrim's crafting system gave me a headache trying to find all that crap. But, something a little more. I used the same sword for 2 entire chapters until i found something Slightly better, that did not look as cool. Remember, Style matters. :DOne last thing that could be considered spoilers, ***SPOILERS:As the game goes through, your character, as you should know, is bound by flames... a demon lives in his head... and as the game goes on, you have to get more power... and your body starts to... change. You go from some random swordsmand mercenary to, well, a Demon. Fire from the skin, red eyes, huge horns, everything. Of course, it happens over a few chapters not all at once, but, it's still REALLY awesome. I felt like the characters around you would... offer their thoughts on thier leading, very litteraly, turning into a demon. Like, i would have been SO HYPED if the last transmorph gave me wings. like... that would have been... just the best thing... in the entire world of real life."
76561198059638287,Not Recommended,243930,11567879,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,SoyezFerme,"Spoilers. You've been warned.Bound By Flame has a strong ""Dragon Age"" feel to it, which I enjoyed. But, it started to feel like a clone when I first met one of the characters (Edwen). I was all like ""that chick is totally Morrigan. Come to think of it, this other chick is totally Leliana."". This wasn't very far into the game either (when I had this revelation), maybe only 3 hours in.The dialogue between the main character and his ""companions"" (I use the term loosely, as there is no feeling of comradery), is pretty bland, and feels cold and scripted. As a player, I had no emotional investment whatsoever. I found one character's (Mathras) backstory to be interesting, but that was it.The party system is misleading, and disappointing. Even though there is constant reference to ""companions"", your party size is limited to two. Except for that one quest where you get to take two of them with you (what gives?). Issuing commands to your ""companion"" (because really, only one matters), is pointless. You get to tell them to focus on attack or defense. I had them always on defense, to be a meat shield, otherwise they die too quickly.The whole idea of choice is a joke. I only came across three choices that seemed to impact the story, and the game vetoed one of them (pretended like I picked the other one). So really it was only two.I could go on about how much this game disappointed me (good thing I picked it up on sale), but I will cut myself off here.p.s. I actually enjoyed the game when I wasn't comparing it to similar RPGs."
76561198049018657,Recommended,243930,11584482,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,SoupSandwich,Not a bad game if you want to take a break from games you're more dedicated to. Unfortunatly its very short...like 12-15 hours short depending if you try to explore more of the linear maps. Good for 40 bucks though.
,Not Recommended,243930,11584809,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Deputy Big Daddy Swank,"The thing is: It's an RPG, nothing new, and that is the problem for me. Most newer RPGs bring something new to the table, and this one does not. As such, this game grew stale on me within the half-hour of gameplay. The interface is a little difficult to master, and leaves marks of a sub-par PC port."
,Not Recommended,243930,11932005,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,dillon1138,"fun gameplay, but terrible dialogue and voice acting really destroy the experience. Extremely weak ending."
76561198043837178,Recommended,243930,11970748,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,__mib,"Has its flaws. However, I have found the fast-paced combat in the ranger mode quite enjoyable. The premise of the story is solid, but the game is too short for it to properly unfold.Would play again."
,Not Recommended,243930,11794419,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,daft667,"What has potential turned out to be a sub-par game. For starters, there's a texture glitch with the female protagonist. The story is pretty plain. There's a bug where I couldn't talk to a merchant. Combat is incredibly dull and barebones. There is only one combo, and you can barely complete it because you will be forced to try and counter every attack, which will be your main damaging ability.Unless you are desparate for an action rpg, I do not recommend it. Even if you are desperate, there are other better alternatives than this."
,Recommended,243930,11828997,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,ichijo,"Enjoyable little romp in a new fantasy setting. The world has a lot of potential so one would hope there will be an expansion in the future. Combat was fun with three talent trees to choose from - heavy melee, rogue-style (complete with stealth openers) and magic. Levelling up and choosing talents has some RPG elements to it as does crafting modifications to armor and weapons (+damage/block/crit, etc). By the end of the game, I had fully levelled up in one talent tree and much of another. I thought the game would have been longer than the 14 hours I played it as it is an RPG (I insisted on talking to everyone!) and have no regrets buying this title."
,Recommended,243930,12063301,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Rude Cookie,"Character default name is Vulcan, changed it to Warlock, now character name is Vulcan.10/10"
76561198020393485,Recommended,243930,12065533,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Space Bears!!,"I've heard ""mixed bag"" used to describe this game, and I'd frankly have to agree. Overall it's pretty poorly designed. The companions are incredibly weak and there's no way to customize them aside from giving them orders. The combat system is clunky, slow, tedious, and unforgiving. The dialogue is often badly written and worse yet many of the voice actors do a poor job. The skill tree's design is acceptable, but there's no way to respec which means if you build it wrong you're either ♥♥♥♥ed or have to start all over. The struggle of fighting against being turned into a demon is a joke as you transform regardless of your decisions, and the transformation's benefits also give you poorly chosen weaknesses. The whole game is just badly designed, even if it is better than Spider's last title.Now, that being said, despite the daunting level of difficulty of the game, it is definately possible to beat, and once you pick up on a few of the tricks it becomes much easier to deal with. Despite everything I said, I still had fun picking away at the game and figuring out how to dismantle each enemy type, and though the final fight was especially brutal, it was still pretty exciting.As a whole, I could not recommend this game, but if it goes on sale and you're feeling masochistic, then give it a try."
76561198112758391,Recommended,243930,11203543,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,jpping10,"If you want a good fighting style game with LOTS of talking, this is the game for you. Just be prepared for bordum when there is no fighting."
,Not Recommended,243930,13693049,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,BJango Unchained,"A long review of this game is simply not worth my time. Here are a few key features of the game:First, being one of the most exciting parts of a game for many players, I must say the character customization is crummy. You can choose male or female, 5 preset faces, and 5 preset hairdos.The item customization is not great. It is portrayed as amazing, but it is quite bland. Sure, some fo the upgrades look cool, but perhaps it's not the upgrade you want and so you don't get the best looking weapon or armor.The combat feels boring and basic. The only thing you need to do is press Q or Space at the right time and find an opening to use abilities.The bosses were too hard for their fighting style. Some of them had unblockable attacks that dealt too much damage and were fired off too fast. They were incredibly simple, yet they took such a long time to kill which made them drawn out and boring.The visual effects were shoddy to say the least. All of your companions' spells looked like they were made for a children's game, which is to say cartoony.The companions were useful in only two ways: some could heal you, and you could set them to block and act as a personal meat shield. It's not fun to attack enemies from behind with no fear of getting hit or even having to attempt a block.The voice acting was probably the worst part of the game. It felt like I was reading a crummy fan fiction. The dialogue took too much time away from the game. I wanted to hear what was said, what I had to do next, and what was going on, but it took so long to listen that I didn't even care. It's likely that I often spent minutes at a time listening to just dialogue. There was also an annoying factor of trying to enter a location and receiving a two minute speech about whether or not you really wanted to go in there. After skipping parts like that and attempting to enter a new area again, I would be given another speech. I was finally able to enter a cave after the third time clicking ""enter this cave"".The pyromancy tree was a bore. All of the spells felt basic. A wave of fire, a fireball, setting your weapon on fire, and a few defensive fireballs floating around you made all forms of pyromancy a snoozefest. There is no ""excellent combination of weapon styles and spell"" and IGN is one of the biggest sellouts I have seen.Lastly, I can credit the story, it was pretty neat and I enjoyed it.If you really wish to buy this game, wait until it is on sale and about $10. The game is too short and boring to be worth much more than that. Oh well, I am going to beat it anyway."
,Recommended,243930,16465515,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Cocodrill,"Thanks again Developer: Spiders. I love your games. I enjoy this as much or even morethan from the Mars: War Logs.+ difficulty level+ graphics+ setting+ story+ environment- no jumping (heros dont jump?) =-), doesnt really matter- world could be bigger- more side quests- need more!!!"
76561198040948592,Recommended,243930,10587753,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,tspayer,"Not bad for a first from this studio. The story is kind of linear and easy to guess. The combat system is fun but less tactical than I thought. The party members all have a personality of their own, but we can't really get attached to them since there aren't enough dialogue options. The plot changes if you chose good or evil, there is no inbetween. Any of the romance options have really few moments dedicated to them, not enough. Plus the language has a ""Holywood"" kind of vibe. It didn't really fit for me.The environment, game logistics and customerisation systems, and even the crafting system all have my thumb up. The music is marvelous and still good even after the second playthrough.Overall, it's not a bad game. I still think it could have been a whole lot better and it felt like a cheap ripoff of dragon age.Although, I would recommend this game to parents that have a hard time finding games for their 12 to 15 years old kids. They often want big games that are rated 18+ with an adult vibe. This game would be a good inbetween since there are no visible sex scenes and not that much violence. It's like an intro to the 'adult-like' game world."
76561198022227036,Recommended,243930,14876156,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,rmp,"Liked:CombatOverall storyGraphicsVoice actingOptional romanceDidn't like:Swearing (way too many F*** words, to me it feels out of place in a medieval setting)Story seems to jump a bit, felt rushed near the endAreas aren't much for exploration and adventure (it's no Skyrim)This game got some grossly unfair reviews by the likes of Gamespot (the reviewer gave low score mostly because he sucked at the combat; he just didn't know what he was doing) but don't pay that any heed. It's one of the more enjoyable RPGs I'd played in a while.Some advice: if you're not sure about daggers or sword, go daggers. And don't forget your companion has a defensive mode."
,Recommended,243930,14333241,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Tokz,"I got it on sale for $10 and it was a steal, it's an immensely fun game that will frustrate the hell out of you at times."
76561198078053499,Not Recommended,243930,14398254,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,GooeyGUI,"So I knew that Bound by Flame was developed by a small studio and it probably wouldn't be on par with other high budget RPGs like Dragon Age or Skyrim, but I had heard some positive reviews and was hopeful that it might end up being one of those overlooked gems that just never quite got the attention it deserved.But I was wrong…so so wrong…To anyone thinking about buying this on a steam sale DO NOT DO IT!The game has some potential, I’ll give it that.  The combat was fun…for the first couple of hours, until you realize there are about 9 different enemies, including bosses, that just reuse the same animations over and over until they becomes a chore to get through.The story and characters you’ve already seen before, only done better in other games.The crafting system is interesting at first when you actually have to make choices about what upgrades you want, but by the second chapter the game just starts throwing resources at you like they’re going out of style.At one point you’re forced to make a choice to A) attack an enemy general, or B) save your army from an ambush.  Playing the paragon role I naturally chose to save my forces from they’re impending doom……by immediately attacking the enemy general…Seriously…And don’t even get me started on that final boss.If you’re really hurting for something to play then try Skyrim, Fallout, Fable, hell even Divinity II would be a much better choice than Bound by Flame!"
,Not Recommended,243930,14398657,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Grilled Chevebro,"Combat is very weak, companions are a joke, writing gave me aids."
,Recommended,243930,14376703,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,orgrune,"In short, it's a game that had alot of potential but most likely ended up like many others with the ""Holy crap we had too big hopes for this and the money is running out""The first chapter is amasing. It's a massive buildup of sidequests and interesting characters via an atleast decent dialogue. I got really excited and practically plowed through it all in one day. Only to be really disapointed by the following chapters. It's still decent in many ways. It is a full story even though it seems to have bin speed up and could use atleast 7 more chapters to make it into what i'd call a full game.The graphics aren't as bad as many people seem to think. Sure there area alot of reused tectures and some rather half-arsed piles of corpses. But this is to be expected by a low-budget enterprice as this looks to be. And in my oppinion, if this is the case, they did a rather fenomenal job actually finnishing it off. As many games today never really get finnished, or gets bought by EA and forced out before they're harlf finnished, atleast they didn't let EA do that to them.The gameplay is pretty good, entertaining anyway, a mediocre player like me had to play on easiest to only die about 4 times throughout the game.So my final virdict is I recommend it, almost solely because of the first chapter, not counting the prologue, and it's somewhat entertaining gameplay. However not at full price, since i would not actually call this a full game, sorry devs."
76561198035651110,Not Recommended,243930,14368403,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Yun,"The gameplay is a bit stiff, stroy was nice, but the decisions you make ingame don't have a big enough effect on the progress."
,Recommended,243930,14296258,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,tachi191,"the open but not to open world settings are awsome, also the switching between figthing styles and the crafting menu are handy to use ( not every time back to village to upgrade your weapons or buying more potions)"
76561197970714078,Not Recommended,243930,14328028,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Kobo,"The $40 asking price for this game is absurd.  I got it on sale and I still feel like it underdelivered in a big way.Graphics:Extremely dated.  The worlds feels empty, the maps are small.  The animations remind me of Gothic 1, but slowed down to try to copy the feel of the Souls games.  The environments are very low polygon count - only my rig running at 1440p with everything cranked all the way up, it really looks a lot like morrowind with a high def texture pack.  And the textures, ugh.  It's an early 2000 looking game for $40 in 2014.Sound:I couldn't get past the voice acting.  Between the bored, can-barely-read-lines-from-the-script and the painfully bad script, I couldn't get interested in the story at all.  By the way, what bits of the story I managed to catch (and I usually pay really close attention to the story!) seemed pretty weak.Story:I guess it might be ok, but it is conveyed via terrible voice acting with profanity that is distracting by how ridiculous it is.  I don't have a problem with swearing in a video game, but when your characters speak like a 2014 recent college graduate and then throw in words with a misguided ""medievel flavor"", it is pretty distracting.  I guess you're some kind of unexpected hero trying to save the day from some evil guys.Gameplay:It's bad.  There is a skill tree that I suppose is meant to add some depth to it, but you start with almost all of the skills and the skill tree just makes your skills scale up a little as the enemies scale up.  The actual combat is like an awkward dark souls, where you have to use timing and mobility to win.  The problem is that the animations and everything else are so bad that it's frustrating or boring to play.  Sometimes games that fail in graphics or story are still super fine, like minecraft.  This game is just bad and not fun.I can't believe they want $40 for this."
,Not Recommended,243930,14311484,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Reminiscence,"Bound by Flame is an ambitious game with various interesting ideas behind it. Unfortunately, the developer either didn't have the money or the time or the talent to actually realise these ideas. This game is just not particularly good.The story is, on paper, quite interesting... but generally awful voice-acting and dodgy writing made it very hard for me to get invested. I just didn't care about the world and its people, so why would I want to save it? It was an easy choice, then, to ""embrace the demon inside"" but even that was very disappointing. No one seems to acknowledge that my character is looking more and more demonic.In fact, the game seems to have a hard time recognising your character in general. My female character was addressed as a man more often than not, really. Dragon Age Inquisition this isn't.The combat system is similar to The Witcher 2 but lacks any semblance of nuance. Quite frankly, all enemies have stupendous amounts of health and armour whilst you yourself can easily be killed within three hits. Even on the lowest difficulty level. It's touted as ""strategic"" combat, but don't be deceived. What they mean with 'strategic' is that you're expected to go for hit-and-run strategies when you're facing more than simple zombies because otherwise you're in for a world of unfair pain.Graphics-wise this game isn't overly special but it isn't bad either. I found that the game ran really smoothly on my system (which isn't the bulkiest rig around, I can assure you) and the caverns had some nice glistening wall textures. Hair looks terrible, however, and the lighting has an excessive bloom effect that just blurs everything.By the way... Did I mention that the voice-acting was bad? It's been a while since I have been so frequently annoyed by voice-acting. The voices are ALL over the place, with ""British"" accents that sound like they were done by Americans, some terrible ""Oirish"" accents and some inexplicable Americans too. I mean, why exactly is the main character American when almost everyone else speaks with some sort of British/Scottish/Oirish accent? Oh, and one character in particular sounds Russian. Because why not.Overall, this is a budget game that has bitten off more than it could chew. Only die-hard RPG fans should consider acquiring this, and even then, you have to ask yourself if you don't have better games to spend your time with."
76561198041752396,Not Recommended,243930,14381825,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Za,"Every single terrible thing you've read is true. This seems like an Indie game developed by a single Dev as a Kickstarter promo for a bigger project. The combat is sluggish and not very good, enemies have almost no impact response. The voice acting is so bad I wonder if the cast was held hostage and forced to read the lines. The story is same old same old, fantasy save the world etc etc. The Graphics are exceptionally dated and quite ugly. Honestly I'm shocked this game even made it to consoles and never will bother buying from Spiders (the makers) ever again.Nothing in this game merits a purchase. Find something else. Stop saying this anything like Dark Souls."
,Recommended,243930,13730304,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,GraphicX,"The game overall is 'ok', but certainly nothing special.Positives include; good graphics, no glitches/crashes & good variety in the levelling system.Negatives include; very repetitive combat & scenery, poor boss fights which can often become frustrating as bosses will endlessly perform the same move sometimes, extremely poor voice acting coupled with dialogue that doesn't fit the characters.6/10"
76561197994116590,Recommended,243930,13722124,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,degg,"I'm glad this went on sale because I forgot about it and due to first impressions it seemed it had issues so I bypassed it at release.Pros:I loved the combat, it was as versatile as you wanted to make it with many options for beating any given enemies.Consistent difficulty, never really felt like I was OP due to minimal gold available and weapon progression was held in check.Overall a decent story and the inner demon aspect was very amusing/intriguing.Not overly complex but the crafting system was well done, with the ability to buy mats and craft anywhere when needed.  Also the different mods for weapons/armor allowed for more variety of gameplay.Cons:Voice acting was pretty poor overall.Too short.  Some replayability if you want achievements but not my style.Would have been nice to see more useful abilities, you could seriously get by with only using 1 or 2.OVerall I'm glad I played it and would recommend to any action RPG fans looking for a diversion."
76561197993174997,Recommended,243930,13727444,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,QT,"This does not feel like a 40 dollar game. Granted, it is pretty fun, but it's short and kind of wonky in movement controls, but at least the combat can be fun. It is definetely a step up from the dev's previous game, Mars: War Log. Game looks nice and the soundtrack is the best part of the game.In short:Would I buy this at $40? No.Would I buy this at $10? Yes."
,Recommended,243930,11937409,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,bradleypariah,"When I think about this game, my heart skips a beat.  I flat-out love this game.  I had such an amazing experience.  I love Spiders studio in the first place (games like Mars: War Logs and Of Orcs & Men), but this game... my gosh.  Spiders just hit it home.  Spiders created a world that is beautiful and believable.  What's more, every gripe (albeit small) I had about previous titles was alleviated here.  The graphics are polished, yet they don't bog my system.  The dialog is masterfully performed.  The story is memorable.This game has all the staples I look for - dialog choices, consequences, great controls, loot, upgrades/character leveling, and an open world to immerse myself in to leisurely explore. -and oh, the MUSIC!  Hardly ever do I think about the music in a game.  I might recognize a theme song here or there, but the background audio was so catchy that it was almost distracting (in a good way!).I saw Total Biscuit’s ""WTF is...?"" of this game.  I know he bashed it.  I’m telling you, I whole-heartedly disagree.  The combat is NOT broken; it’s simply about timing.  It’s downright easy.  It requires just a small investment of time to learn, and you’ll be tearing through your enemies like a boss.If you’re an action RPG fan, you owe it to yourself to give this game a shot."
,Recommended,243930,10815909,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,inexxfear,"I've seen this game on the PS4 and on the PC... For this one PC is the way to go, way better graphics ... The PS4 lookslike a watercoloring book, with overlayed graphics... Thats so non-next gen, If you want more realistic looks, here is your option.  The only thing I dislike is that the game is a little bit ""guided"" and not as much of a free realm game as I hoped when i seen the writeups originally.  Great game if you like this sort, definately has its struggles so some points will slow you down."
76561198125891005,Recommended,243930,10880951,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,mosh51,"the game started out interesting, the story was entertaing but started to drag to an unsatisfactory ending , the controls were decent enough not to make the game impossible to play , graphics needs some improvmentover all i would rate this game 7/10in the end it was fun to play"
,Recommended,243930,10154691,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Valnak,"Fast paced, gritty RPG with minimal crafting and stat-building to get in the way of the combat. Buy this game if you want about 20 hours of solid gameplay for one completion."
,Recommended,243930,11865431,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Styder,"By all accounts, I shouldn't like this game, but I did. Not worth full price, wait for sale."
,Recommended,243930,10621829,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Sinnamon Puns,"8.0 / 10I've only played a little bit so far. But the game surprised me.From looking at the screenshots a lone it looked very... ' cinematic '. Like the main highlights of this game may be just cutscenes. I figured the gameplay would be overdone and too showy like Assassin's Creed's ( just as an example, not hating on it. )But the good graphics kind of threw me off. Rarely is a game blessed with good graphics with a comfortable and simple gameplay.The user interface is simplistic, easy to use, and not at all complicated. Pretty straight forward.I've only played for a hour or so, and so far the only thing I can say negative about this game is that the Voice Acting while not terrible, is a bit lacking. ( I'm just picky with those things. )The use of swearing to add either grittiness or to add some form of crude humor seems a little uneeded. But I guess at times I did have a little chuckle.Also the lore is kind of not explained to you, one of those cases where they throw you in the middle of a new world and you're just suppose to pick up on stuff. Not much is explained to you about it, though you can talk to characters and learn more.Which brings me to my next part, the characters are all designed pretty well. Unique with distinguishable personalities.The dialogue reminds me alot of Mass Effect or Dragon's Age. Which I'm quite fond of.Overall I give this game a 8.0 / 10The game is nice, especially if you're a fan of such games like The Elder Scrolls or Bioware's Dragon Age.My only gripes as I said was the lack of info on lore ( I'm a lore nut. )And the somewhat scrambled voice acting.Other than that, It's a great game.Co Op would be great though!"
,Recommended,243930,13234131,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,dragonbrand,"Enjoyed this game. A couple of options in how to play. Story was good, achievements weren't annoying and lend a nice touch to fill out your time with the game."
76561198009480051,Not Recommended,243930,13286822,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Hawkeye0078,"Not that good , boring and slow worth 5 $ if you like RPG style games"
76561198119332619,Recommended,243930,13655231,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Halfrican Jones,"-Before you look at the thumb, I have to warn that it is not worth the $39.99 asking price, but it is fun.If anyone is a fan of the Witcher 2, then this is familiar playground.  After spending 21 hours worth into this game, it does a great job of intense combat, decent characters, and a consequencial plot.  It's one downside are some textures that look downgraded, but Spiders Interactive has what it takes to get into the ARPG crowd.  Hopefully we see a spin-off or Prequle that can enrich the lore of this universe even further.  One last thing, the interaction with the Demon is interesting to say the least, even if the voice acting for Vulcan and FemVulcan is at Jason Brodey (FarCry 3) levels.  So yeah, buy this at your own risk."
76561198165077366,Recommended,243930,19562888,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,CAINtheWEAK,Just wow! Great story/graphics/gameplay. Yeah the controls and combat was weird at first but... if you give it a try and take the time to get the flow of things. You will learn that it's not bad at all and well thought out! And down right fun! This is a game that you don't want to miss out on.
,Recommended,243930,19594050,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Sugar Bread,This game is really goodone thing is bad is lack of fighting styleand companion too stupid but I can solve with defensive command
76561198094649193,Recommended,243930,19591673,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,✪jamesxfails✪,i enjoyed this game on my 1 GHz laptop it runs fine
76561198119774402,Not Recommended,243930,19592681,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Igmeister,Doesn't run properly on Linux. Crashes frequently. Doesn't respect default display on dual-head setup. Insists on starting on screen 1 in windowed mode. Video resolution is all fubared. Menu is composited off-screen past the right edge. Can't change video resolution as options are off-screen. Doesn't shut down and exit properly.
,Recommended,243930,10862261,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Nalydragon,"This game is wondeful. I honestly bought it expecting only something alright to waste time, but it is supurb. No it's not perfect, but its a wondeful action fighter rpg style like game and I won't lie, I love it. With a awesome storyline, questionable main chara morals, humor, and good usage of swear words this game manages to tie you into the main storyline completely, while giving you side quests that never seem to take priority at all. You do them honestly because they arent out of the way, and becauce why not/. Highly reccomend this game to anyone!"
,Recommended,243930,10765910,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Maverick,"This game tries to be on par with other games such as dragon age and mass effect, but it just isn't. The graphics are good and the story itself is good as well but thats where it pretty much ends. There are a number of bugs in this game, from quest that don't disappear from you log when you fail them to dialog that repeats its self. The voice acting is not that bad, however, as in most games there is that one character that you just do not want to talk to because well, thier personality just sucks.The fights are fun but a real pain because you have to wait for one animation to finish before you can issue a new order, which more often then not will get you killed. Overall i would recommend this game if its on discount, it is not worth full price. And remember while this game tries to keep up with dragon age, mass effect and other games of that type, it fails to do so. But is still a good game. I give it a 7/10."
76561198008643395,Recommended,243930,10788903,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,R6ex,"I enjoyed this ""indie"" RPG. Why? Mainly because it has a great soundtrack, a decent story with interesting characters; and that it came out at a time when the market has a shortage of decent RPG titles. I was so hungry for a nice RPG game and this fit nicely. Sure, the animation of the characters' lips movement vs the spoken words, is inexcusably inaccurate. And that we only get to fight one big boss while expecting to battle seven. But given that this is a small company developing a relatively ambitious (relative to the developer) game, I think it is a good effort. RPG fans should play this game. However, for anyone less keen, I think this game is only worth <$20. So, wait for the right discount and get it!"
76561198080661528,Not Recommended,243930,10664368,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Rojoto,"Okay Pros and Cons for this game.  I started this game on Steam, but then finished it on my XBOX.Pros1. Battles good.  They require some thinking and tactics when it comes to some of the larger.  Otherwise, they can just be a typical button pushing battle.2. Building your skills into what type of fighter you want to be.  The way you have to switch between the 3 classes depending on what type of creature your going up against is good.3. Its not open world, so you can go through it fairly quickly.Cons1.  The dialog sounds like it was made by a bunch of teenagers making their first game.  Profanity that seems like it was just put in there for profanity.  Now don't get me wrong, I'm no prude, but it just didn't seem in place.  The accents changed constantly.  There was even one that had a typical ""American"" southern drawl which made no sense.  It just seems like they didn't put any effort towards the story.2.  You can't tell good from bad in your dialog choices.  I thought rescuing a particular person sounded reasonable.  Then she killed someone and everyone hated me.  oops.  Plus they put an achievement to ""fall in love"" with particular NPC's.  During the entire game, Im trying to figure out how to do this.  Then all of the sudden one of my chioces led to the achievement.  Not sure how I did so don't ask.  Just keep talking to them and keep your fingers crossed.3.  The end.........I didn't finish it.   There's no way to ""stock up"" before the last boss battle.  They take away your only healer.  The people you go in with instantly get taken over by the boss and start fighting on his side.  I tried several combinations, but was never successful.  P.S. I was on Easy mode.So, my final recommendation is turn off the subtitles, turn the volumn down.  Stock up well before the boss battle.  And when you get to the boss battle, trade it in for a much better game."
76561198086192928,Recommended,243930,22263076,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,therog shadow,this game is just amazinggood musicgood story8.5/10
76561198131416604,Recommended,243930,22078223,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,TrundlerG,"Please read my review if you don't care for spoilers as my comments might spoil some parts of the game. I have finished the game in couple of different story and class paths and I have to say it was one of the best games I have played ever! It's a really awesome game and I definitely recommend it to everyone. If possible, I would like to see just two things changed:1- I wish we were allowed to walk away from the whole war. There is a part where this is hinted, but when the player chooses that option, the demon interfers and stops the main character from walking away. I understand why this option isn't provided as it would mean the war would consume the world, but I would really like to see a storyline where you have to run from city to city or hideout to hideout to avoid the war together with the companion you choose.2- I think the stealth mode in ranger path needs a little more explaination. It is a very fun class but the abilities are a bit unique and different from other games so a more thorough explaination would be very helpful to new players.I say this again: This game is a really awesome game and definitely deserves more exposure. I would love to play a sequence or a prequel to this game as I enjoyed the art, gameplay, class system and the music! Omg the music is just exquisit especially at the end where the dragon dives out of the mist. It's like seeing death itself manifested in form of a dragon. I get shivers every time I get to that part! And I don't know how many hours have I left the game on the main menu just so that I can listen to the intro music over and over again! In the end, I really want to thank the creators of this game for providing such a well-thought-out, artistic and fun game and ask them to please make more games like this!Edit 1: If I had to give it a ranking it would be 10/10!Edit 2: I just had a suggestion for the sequel of this game as well as it's prequel. For the sequel, the play can continue from where they make a choice in the end of this game to just severe the connection of the Ice Lords to the World Heart and hunt each Ice Lord down one by one. After that, te player can watch over the owlrd and help it's inhabitants rebuild cities and civilization. As for the prequel, the play can play as the Ice Lords or even the Red Scribes, but a meeting with the White Lady would be definitely moving and interesting."
76561197988503542,Recommended,243930,22248000,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,EnderofCake,"I have only played a little bit of this game but it's really annoying how slow the main character moves in comparison to the first large boss. It's just endless dodging and if you get knocked down the enemies can pin you until you're dead. So, gameplay i would say about a 6/10The dialogue and story thus far have been decent but it seems like you are just fighting the white walkers from game of thrones. 7/10 for dialoge and story.Voice acting is better than alot of games 9/10Overall if this game is around the 10$ market and you like games that have annoying difficulty you should buy this."
,Recommended,243930,21926142,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Superzorro,"As I approach the end of the game I need to blow off some steam so that's why this review exists.In Bound By Flame you play as an unwieldy truck in the shape of a man or woman as you try to exploit your way past the many enemies the game puts in your path that can damage you in ways that quickly become almost impossible to avoid. The combat is semi-turn based in that you pretty much have to guess what the enemy will do next if you want to have any hope of doing something about it. Be sure to pick the skill that lets you set your weapon on fire if you're planning on doing any damage and invest some points in passive health regeneration if you don't want to wait for more than a few minutes between battles or risk running out of health potions halfway through the game. Later in the game you're constantly fighting enemies that cause a frost debuff which means you get to enjoy your character moving in glorious slow-mo (and becoming even more unwieldy to control) as the enemy charges up their biggest attacks that you know you have no chance of avoiding. It doesn't kill you as fast as the poisoning enemies in the early chapters but it felt ten times more infuriating.You have the choice between some pretty interesting meat shields to bring with you, of which you can only bring one at a time. Mostly you get to watch your companions die while you take care of whatever enemies they haven't manage to aggro. That's really the most useful they can hope to be, it seems. Their stories are good though, even if their quests aren't really integrated that well into the flow of the game. The main story is interesting enough and the world seems well thought out. It even manages to be somewhat original in some aspects.Overall this game reminds me a lot of the first Witcher. It conjures up the image of a small studio with a lot of talent but without the means and the time to really make the game that they want to make. Much like Mars: War Logs, the most interesting part of this game is its potential and the world that it takes place in. Also like M:WL, it fails to live up to that potential and ends up being more frustrating than fun. If you have the patience and you can get it cheaply, this game will be an interesting addition to your collection. Personally, I'm looking forward to Spiders' next game and hope that they keep improving.Now I'll go back to playing with my demonic mantruck, because I really want to know how this going to end for him."
76561197993876708,Not Recommended,243930,22067433,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Catalin[RO],Pros:- the graphics are goodCons:- the game is boring
,Recommended,243930,14336917,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,preyerguilt,"A really good game.The combat mechanics makes the game somewhat harder than I would have thought at first, but it turns out to be really fun once you get used to it."
,Recommended,243930,27860165,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,AllGamer,"Wow, I underestimated this game.It is a hidden gem.At first I thought it was going to be junk, with all the mixed reviews, but upon playing it for a while, and getting hang on the combat it's pretty good.It's comparable to Witcher 1, story wise it's no where as deep as the Witcher series, but it's a nice attempt at it.The most fun is the combat styles in this game, it's more flexible, you are not locked into any specific class, you can be a broad sword warrior, a blade, a ranger, or a mage, just switch as you wish.The combat moves and sword dances are quite nice, but it could have been better animated, still not bad.I guess people that had negative comments regarding this game, they probably came in expecting too much.However entering this game with low expectations will actually surprise you quite a bit by the wide array of neat features it has.I think my only gripe about this game is the graphic quality, it's a good engine, but the graphics are B grade, specially people faces. I know it's not a AAA title, but the game was released relatively recently in 2014, graphics quality supposed to be better.Game wise, the fun factor is Good,"
76561198081371819,Recommended,243930,27876027,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Lycurgess,"I thought the story was interesting enough and the combat could be challenging at times, my biggest issue was with the end boss. He seemed to be nigh on impossible to beat unless you used a mine based gimmic that prettymuch destroys him instantly.  In the end the leveling system, combat, and story kept me interested enough throughout the game I would give it a try especially if you can find it on the cheap.If you have played and liked any of the other games by this developer you will probably like this title too."
76561198051380168,Recommended,243930,28132850,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,timmyterrific13,"Bought this on during a sale for $5. I like a game to have at least 1 hour of entertainment for every dollar I spend and I enjoyed most of the game. The story was pretty generic, but I enjoyed the lore and the missions. Overall it was a nice, quick RPG to break up my vacation from playing BF1 with my friend until the wee hours of the night."
,Recommended,243930,24300133,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Sarah Hawke,"I've seen lots of people say this game was too hard, but I thought its difficulty curve was fine, you just have to use your head a little bit and considering this is an action RPG, I think that's fair.As for the game itself, it's like a poor man's action version of Dragon Age Origins or The Witcher 1. Those games are better, but if you've already played them and are looking for something to scratch that fantasy rpg itch, then you could do a lot worse than this, I mean, Skyrim still exists right?B+"
76561198094830783,Recommended,243930,25589682,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Indyso,really good game...if you like DA that is something for ya
,Recommended,243930,25656484,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Sculelos,"I'd say this game was enjoyable but the combat is horrid. Enemies have way too much health and you die far too easy; even though I personally didn't have too many problems this games combat is worse than almost any other game I've played with each fight being more a test of endurance, timing and skill juggling rather than actual sword play or anything resembling actual skill. The storyline is definitely interesting though especially the last stage where all your decisions have an impact on you. Overall I'd give it a C+. It's worth the playthrough even though the gameplay is quite horrid the storyline is memerable enough to keep it going for the 15-20 or so hours it offers."
,Recommended,243930,25788267,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Flappy Daniel,"I recommend this, but only really if on sale. The combat is fun, but once you figure out how to always dodge enemies it becomes pretty uniform and a lot of mashing. I went through as the twin daggers class, so for me it was just : attack, attack, attack, dodge, attack attack attack, dodge, etc...The one very very very weird thing about this game is that all the way through it had moderate difficulty, but then the final boss is about a 3-4x increase in difficulty. He is actually a MAJOR challenge and 1-2 shots you. I guess this makes sense for a final boss, It almost made me want the rest of the game to be more in line with the final fight because it felt really epic, but was just SUCH a sharp contrast to the rest of the game that it was really really hard to overcome."
76561198081202728,Recommended,243930,30813596,Posted: 29 March,all,Ceberus,"This game is set where you are giving choices from early in the game that will detmine the outcome at the end.You have 3 stances to choose from to master - Warrior(Borring), Rougue(Fun) and Firecaster(Demon, Hell Yeah :))You have several team members that you can you can choose from to complete your quest each one brining their own drama and abilitiesThe fights can get into a copy and paste mode however the story, graphics and choice factor makes up for this"
76561197991808695,Not Recommended,243930,25429733,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,acesahn,"This game was mediocre and ok, which made it worth a purchase if it was on sale if you were craving an ok RPG... but the ending.  The ending is so terrible, I rushed to my possitive review only to change it to a negative.  It just highlited how incomplete, unoriginal and unpolished the game was."
76561197993841079,Recommended,243930,25864798,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Jakely,This game is enjoyable and deserves a thumbs up. All these haters are just mad cause they got t-rekt. Even the metascore is misleading. 7/10
76561198117822357,Recommended,243930,28363052,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Kyra Insanity,"The game is great and very fun, the mechanics are nice and the story is rather interesting as are some characters and developments that could have been made with those characters, however the game suffers in it's length, it's too short. They build up this number of powerful enemies and you'd think you get to see and fight them all, but no, the game ends only a little bit after the first major boss. The game was fun, i just wish they put more into it content wise."
,Recommended,243930,28402749,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,A Meme Reborn,"Like all Spiders games I played so far, this one has a pretty neat soundtrack, a pretty average story and not that great characters. The gameplay is good and that's pretty much the reason why I like those games to begin with."
,Recommended,243930,28572858,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,a55a55in71,a very good game allowing the player to choose either a full on warrior character or a stealthy character. what I didnt like about the game was the character builds versus game length. you basically had to choose a certain path to go down to build up a skill tree if you wanted a particular achievement i.e. all ranger skills. this didnt give you the option of building up a character that had a full ranger tree and a partially built pyromancy tree. combat itself was challenging if you didnt keep an eye on your enemies. A few hits and your health is near depleted so you really had to rely on parry and block defences. enjoyable game though and definitely worth the money
76561198058967818,Recommended,243930,22618935,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Nevermore,"kinda neat, but pretty short"
,Recommended,243930,22574920,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Shereldean Scarlet Black Witch,i liked the game but they could off added more gameplay
,Recommended,243930,12809697,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Slade,"Controller support has been corrected and now the key are bound to the right buttons.Not a bad game if your not expecting alot, it has fun moments and is a nicwe way to pass a few hours here and there"
76561198007240278,Recommended,243930,24361353,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Naburimannu,"This oozes total Glen Cook Black Company flavor, which incidentally gives a great justification for the railroady early acts. By the time you're 15-20 hours in the poorly-ramped difficulty might get annoying, but until then it ticks all the ARPG boxes pretty competently.(Also, difficulty ramp may be a matter of taste: every time you enter a new area you're overclassed, and then you grow into it, but when you're 20th level gaining the power or gear necessary to deal with a frozen citadel full of amped-up demons is a bit glacially slow for me.)"
76561198041940429,Recommended,243930,24288470,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Huggy Bear,"The fighting and gameplay mechanics are more involved,the story and transformation concept bring something interesting and new that I love.The characters, despite Edwen being a DA Morrigan rip-off and Randval is too close to GOT's Jaqen H'Gar (still like, even prefer they stay as they are,) are fun, dialogue's... actually funny and satisfying.But, the dialogue and storyline are not diverse or cohesive (at all), the weight mechanic doesn't allow for much armor/weapon diversity, character customization is very limited. While I like the characters, they're EXTREMELY one-dimensional.I was disappointed that the online community didn't have much in the way of mods, but that really doesn't have to do with Spiders' part, other than that there was a lot of slack I was hoping some immersive mods could pick up.I feel like this game has an excellent concept and has a ton of potential, but maybe fell short on budgeting. Mars: War Logs did much better in these regards, but I have to say Bound by Flame would've been much more my thing.I'm hoping we get a remake in the way we had Two Worlds II going above and beyond expectations set by the original Two Worlds where we saw the inconsistensies thrown out and replaced with better mechanics, more diversity, graphics, storyline, etc, whatever. If you'ved played both, or even just BbF as an experienced gamer, you'll know what I mean.Also, why so heteronormative, Spiders?Like, come on.Anyway, I got this game on sale for like 6 bucks and consider that very worth it, but would feel shorted if I'd paid the original price for PC or console. Despite its shortcomings, it's worth playing. Support this studio so that we can see them able to better produce these games, I really think they have a lot of potential.I'm serious about the heteronormativity tho.Sidenote: I've been playing in offline mode for the last couple weeks. I've actually spent well over 20 hours playing this game."
,Recommended,243930,21506063,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,22RII the super disguised Fluffy,"First, I need this to get out of my head: Holy mother of POTATO THAT ENDBOSS WAS A PIECE OF CRAP.Now for my review:Story 3/5Combat System 5/5Exploring 3/5Graphics 5/5Sound 4/5This game is a softer and brighter version of dark souls. But the gameplay itself got into a rollercoaster, the story seems... a bit linear and flat but acceptable. The combat system is challenging and tactical, in order to survive, reacting and timing is super important. I really loved my stressful fights against the villains and the ""endboss"" and hundreds of my death counter. These graphics are amazing not to mention. The NPCs are... uhm... acceptable. Except Randval and Mathras, I love them both and are my favourites.Overall, it's ok to spend money on it, IF there's no other good games to play with. Bound by Flame could be better, sadly.Now, Let me create a new game on Buffalo difficulty and hope that I can defeat the endboss again.... OTL *cry*"
,Recommended,243930,21697539,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,bbaker_msu,"Played on an i7-950 at 3.6ghz, GTX 970, 12 gigs of ram.  Game would go higher than 60 hz refresh if needed.  Ran well on my rig, only crashing at some cut scenes.  It's robust auto-save made any issues like that moot, however, I recommend manual saving frequently.  All my temperatures were under 50 deg C with most of the graphical settings maxed.  I left Shadows on medium and stuck with just the first level of SSAO.  The rest of it didn't add a bunch to the game and increased the GPU workload greatly.   I found the game is best played with a controller, but you can switch back and forth with both enabled.   The visuals are servicable with a slightly cell-shaded bit for the backgrounds that work well.  The voice cast is servicable, some members better than other.  The music is /really/ good.However long I have on my play log is how long for me to beat the game completing most of the sidequests.  It's short for an RPG or even an action game, even though it starts out appearing that you might have a long road ahead.    There is a pronounced difficulty spike at the start of the 3rd chapter.   I ended up using a trainer because of it.  The hardest fight in the game was not a boss fight, but a battle with 3 different sub-boss enemies all together.   Story is okay, but could be better.  The protagonist is a sarcastic badass, eliciting reactions with the NPCs whether you want to or not, playing into the story.  There are some interesting NPCs, and they don't seem to try very hard.  I feel the best chapters are the first two with the 3rd having a good premise but the aforementioned difficulty spike hampering my enjoyment.  The ending (I only did one) was pretty well done.I don't know if I feel it's worth the $30 USD price on it in the store.  With the Spiders RPG bundle, I feel it is worth it with the other games or if you find it on sale for under $15 USD.  I feel if there was more gameplay, I'd be more okay wth the price, but you don't get much with 2 different paths."
76561197992320517,Recommended,243930,20490857,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Colonel Tigh,"Worth it if on sale. Its kinda like a poor mans dragon age. good, but not great."
,Not Recommended,243930,13598877,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Dragon.WP,i hate this game its no good way to reg hp and wtf allways small corridors its the worst fastpace game i hawe ever played and sure it looks easy in treiler but it is cus the play on the easy test normal and hawe fun the story is allso ♥♥♥♥ed up and you hawe no chose if you want mmore deamon powers or not you want to go your own way not follow a singel path you want to try your way in.PS I WANT MY ♥♥♥♥ING MONEY BACK YOU GREEDy PIECES OF♥♥♥♥♥♥!!
,Recommended,243930,13595192,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Gryphon,"I find almost no games to be worth the retail price, and there was never a question of paying full price on this one. But picking it up on sale worked out nicely.I had a few days of fun with this game. Yeah, the writing was inconsistent and the story was tropetastic, but the gameplay wasn't as bad/hard as some have claimed. I think it helped to play a stabby pyro blend instead of warrior, but can't say for sure. What I can say is that combat seemed too easy toward the end (dagger flame on, mash assault, repeat). The twin-boss fight was a bit of a pain, the next two were easy one shots, and the final fight was all about going in with 100 crossbow bolts and 30 healing potions and sprinting in circles ahead of the icy bowling ball salvoes.I actually (kind of) liked Mars <hurk> War Logs too, which this studio did previously IIRC. Now, /that/ was a game with a miserable combat system. But it did have a certain Total Recall/techno-magey sort of charm to it, and the main (English edition) voice actor did a perfectly respectable job with what he had to work with (I may have played a later redubbed version.)If these guys could a) spend ten more minutes brainstorming character and place names, b) tighten up condition checking on the dialogue trees, c) point their script editor to the 20% of lines he seemed to miss on his own pass, and d) fight the urge to keep their male characters swearing like ten-year-old Halo deathmatch players, they would really improve their rep on the story side. On the combat side, well, this game was a lot better than the last one, so keep tweaking."
,Recommended,243930,13604442,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,jholl9,"So wow, i loved this game. I don't play many action RPGs like Dark Souls and stuff, so i can't make comparsions. But the gameplay was legitimately challenging for me at times, even on easy. As well, the story was FANTASTIC. I'll admit, it felt like i missed a couple tidbits of information that would've made things clearer sometimes, but that's to be expected. It's hard to remember to talk to all your companions all the time.All in all, i loved it.And, no spoilers, but remember: It's lonely at the top."
76561198010711366,Not Recommended,243930,13578952,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,TWOxFOUR,"I would give this game a 6/10. Enemies were very linear and would do the same move over and over again almost as if it was broken or glitched. Most minions as well as boses felt the same making the game feel very small with its character designs. And almost every fight seemed to be a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥and not fun when they do the same move. This game would be lower on the scale without it's beautiful landscapes and maps with a good interface. The Dialog was okay at times. And the spells seemed to be broken with the upgrade of the fireball that made it go three different ways instead of three in a line doing more damage and being more effective. And not getting health points and magic points every level didn't help with the game, while having two ""feats"" or skills for health and magic points that only increase your health and magic and total of twenty points. But with the seemingly broken AI this game wasn't very fun."
76561198049277456,Recommended,243930,13580756,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,NaughtSewPhast,"I thought that this game was a really good game that had a lot of great mechanics, but it just barely missed the mark. The fighting mechanics were great, and the voice acting was incredible. This game missed a few things that I hope will be fixed with a sequel or with a some dlc, such as a more free world aspect, better transitions between cutscenes and actual gameplay, and better character introduction. I was also hoping for a continuation after you finished the game and I wish it was a lot longer, but for the price I enjoyed my experience. I really enjoyed how this game portrayed the story and how the introduction of characters is really well thought out, but I was hoping that there would be a lot more character and relationship development. Overall this was a really good game and it just needs a few tweaks done to fix its problems."
,Recommended,243930,15681845,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Phrippe,"helloThe goodThis is a good game and the story is not bad.The RPG and story are quite good and the cut scene are quite good.you can play male or female (human) the 3 ""classes"" a works well.The availability of all the style at all time is really good and seemless, so you have plenty of option to manage a fight. as well, you can use choke point and traps.in short, I liked the combat system and the difference between the warrior style and the rogue/ranger style.The ranger style is probably easier to get the doge and the attack doing the movement for you.The interruption is very important for the warrior,  So kick and parry need to be timed and used appropriately.  And you will need to use that or the game even in easy mode will be quite hard.The badThere is romance  and it is reasonably well made but there is no same sex romance, hence the bad.The two first level bosses takes for ever and a day unless you meta-game.the companion AI is somewhat random... :-)The uglyFor me the main issue is that like all directly level based games is the power curve effect on the game experience, you end up having MMO level of grind tediousness to the MMO/dragon age II level.So if you do not have a good grip on the combat and or not that much extra equipment, the combat with Bosses with peta-hit points are dragging for ever.and as you guessed when you have a certain level of proficiency, you really sail through and the combat that I used to look forward just became a formality.I started in the pen-ultimate hardest level and changing to the hardest just slightly impacted on my resources.phil"
,Recommended,243930,15519969,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Seadog,Great game...especially playing at the highest difficulty.Go Captain or go home :PVery good!
,Recommended,243930,15608867,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Orbister,"Great game, I've been having a blast with it, the combat is engaging and solid, it's not unfair at all, every time i die i know exactly why i died, and most of the time is my own fault, it's true that it has some minor flaws, but Bound By Flame is fantastic game anyway, before this i played hundreds of hours of Dark Souls 2 and you know what? the combat feels better in this game, a lot more dynamic, fluent and engaging.A lot of people say the Voice Acting is bad, in my opinion the writing is what is kinda bad, specially those ""merican"" lines like ""at least nobody will see me if I crap my pants"" but... in the end... who cares? Vulcan is supposed to be a ""rough around the edges mercenary"" anyway. In my opinion the Voice Acting is quite good, actually i enjoy listening to the characters talk very much."
76561198002562674,Recommended,243930,15697676,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Scumlord,"A strong RPG with a powerful tone of helplessness and destruction that reaches for greatness but dosn't quite make it. A oddly crude script and odd writing choices let it down, along with some mixed voice acting. The impact of your choices is never quite clear, and the reactions of characters as you become more and more demonic borders on bizarre, with only a few commenting upon your outright demonic appearence mid to late game, yet still treating you as if you were the same human. Gameplay wise, it plays like a fable game, with mutliple combat styles, with the magic sadly constrainted to late game due to needs for specific builds to actully be useful. Difficulty widly fluctated also, with even regular fights being very challenging on normal early on, to bosses being only beaten through cheap tactics and spamming parry.  Many bosses and enemys relied upon shockwaves to discorage melee rushing, except several such as the ice general were way too powerful, with AOE's taking up half the arena and most of your health.  The game also suffered from some glitches and bugs with characters getting stuck on climbing patches, and referancing events in dialouge yet to happen.This was a game with some fantastic ideas,  but like mars war logs is let down by flawed execution, unfocused character development and a combat engine that really needed some work. The final boss especially highlighted problems with the system, as if you don't bring traps or a good crossbow and at least 60 bolts you are a bit screwed. If you like action rpgs, this is worth a shot.6/10."
76561197976081787,Recommended,243930,15041346,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,mdwbm,"This is a simple hack and slash style game.Apparently some mages tapped into a tree that contains all the worlds magic and started taking over the world. As a last ditch effort a few other mages try a spell they had very little clue what would happen and ended up trapping a demon inside you. Throughout the game you are given choices to accept its power or stay pure blooded.Combat system is fairly straight forward. The attacks and special abilities vary dramatically based off the weapon you are holding. With a sword you can kick to knock enemies out of a block or you can use the daggers where you now have the ability to dodge! I warn you, the final battle cheats."
,Not Recommended,243930,14430467,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Ramen,"The game sucked. It was okay at the start but they way the charater talked and their personallitys annoyed me.Gameplay was okay, nothing too excting."
76561197999441198,Recommended,243930,14600402,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Raneru,Pretty good.
76561198023690183,Not Recommended,243930,14476725,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Ifrinn,"Pretty good story, good voice acting for the most part. Fast play ... but even on Recruit (easy).... End boss ... after 3 hours straight of fase smashing. Unbeatable. If I wanted to smash my face I wouldhave played Dark Souls. Don't waste your time money or effort. Completely different than the whole rest of the game. I went in with 50+health potions, traps, Crossbow bolts, everything. Fully maxed out in both warrior and pyromancer. Can't get him to %50 without using all of it. One shot kills from the boss and I couldn't get past Phase 1. The rest of the game was enjoyable and I selected Recruit thinking it would be more of a hack and slash and story ride, not a grind, keyboard smash fest..... What a waste."
,Not Recommended,243930,11942293,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Deathtopong,"This game wanted to be witcher 2 while failing to accomplish any of it's goals. Stay away, unless you just like hack and slashy rpg'ish games."
76561198045050246,Recommended,243930,15537287,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Fiach,"Very pleasently surprised by this game.You play a character inadvertently possessed by a demon and this is the games hook.Is the demon evil or good. If you accept it's increasing possession of you, how will that play out with your companions, will its extended powers help you or hinder you. Sometimes the obvious choice is not the right one...or is it.Not being quite sure makes the story engaging and makes a replay inevitable.Combat is very good, you can become a master of all trades to a certain extent, with Warrior/Rogue and Fire Mage powers available to you and use all the powers in succession, eg. Stealth into battle, Kill some mobs, then apply fire to your 2 hand sword, throw fireballs, send out a wall of fire to push enemies away from you etc.Combat is also done in the presence of companions, you can have one at a time from a stable of 4 or 5, they each have their own abilities, like, Mage, Ranger, Warrior, Healer, They are not great but they do keep enemies occupied while you take care of business.Bosses are VERY impressive for the budget scale of the game, in size, design and combat ability.There are plenty of quests, none of which will keep you too engrossed, but they serve their purpose.My main gripe with the game so far is the quest system (but only a slight gripe). Some times you will fail a quest because you haven't read the fine print, eg. you may do a quest and get XP for the different components of it, but see a RED X beside something and find that you should have done the quest in the presence of a certain NPC, or events in the game may over take your quest progress and you may not be able to hand it in because the quest giver has died, but pretty much small potatoes and stuff for your subsequent playthrough."
,Not Recommended,243930,15501925,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,savaze,"I bought this game on sale over the weekend. I have friends that were talking it up. They kept telling it me it's a Dark Souls-lite type of game. After about three hours of playing I had enough of it. It's not a bad game, it's a fairly generic 3rd Person RPG, and it's mechanics have more in common with the Witcher 2 than DS. It's a buggy game, and still crashes to the desktop several times with no warnings or error messages. I played with a 360 controller as the interface seemed to be designed for it, but the keyboard functionality seemed to be there.Combat is accomplished with two buttons, one is a basic attack and the other is a chargable combination of attacks. You have to switch between fighting styles based upon your opponent. You also have limited use items that you can use during combat - crossbow, traps, potions, etc. Then there is pyromancy, a type of spell use.  It all sounds Witcher-esque right?!There is a crafting system in place that allows you to make limited use items as well as modifying your weapons and armor. It really doesn't mean much when you modify your weapons and armor as there are plentiful replacements that seem scaled to the area. In 3 hours I had found 9 swords/axes/daggers/hammers and a completely new set of armor (head, chest, arms, and legs). The weapons and armor crafting only do small percentage upgrades - so you can skip it unless you want to grind to find components to upgarde each new find. The weapons/armor crafting does offer some visual changes to the gear.You play as a member of a mercenary company in the middle of a war with a necromancer. While in a battle a demon possesses you giving you your pyromancies. The story is lack luster and I found myself quickly skipping through things rather than listening to them. The voice acting seems find, but it doesn't seem to matter when the story is so generic. The character models are also a couple of years old, and seemed slightly odd anthropomorphicly - especially the female models.I wouldn't buy this game at it's full price point. It's not a bad game, but it's also not an interesting game, and for the money you could buy a really good game. If you really love fanatsy games it could be a diversion between titles, but I'd recommend replaying something you really like because this game leaves no impact."
,Recommended,243930,15507673,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Old Man Reactions!,"Simple but fun game, you have magic, crafting, small choice of combat weapons and a decent  sized skill tree. This is a sale buy game due to it's stories length. If this game hits around 10-15 dollars pick it up for sure you will have fun."
,Recommended,243930,15512597,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Rankore,This is a great RPG with a soild story and enviroment. It has been a blast playing it.
,Recommended,243930,15613067,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Uhh Lawlercups,"First let me say that if you can get the game on sale then its definitely worth the purchase. As for full price, eh, i'm not entirely sure its worth the $40 price tag.Bound By Flame has a pretty decent story about a struggle for power within yourself and how you use that power to fix the world from the tyrants trying to take it over. Granted, it didn't really bring anything new to the table, it was still an enjoyable game. Enough so that i wanted to see how the story ended. There are a few choices you will make through the game that will impact the story a bit, which give it a good RPG feel, but nothing that compels me to go instantly replay to see what the different choices would of changed.Now the good of the game. The combat is fun, though the block/riposte function took a bit to get used to and timed right. It did however give the game slightly more difficult combat and its not just about button mashing. There's also a decent amount of armor, weapons, and choices to upgrade them and make them your own. There's 2 fighting stances, heavy weapon and daggers, that allow you to jump into different situations how you please. The voice acting was decent. Not awful, but nothing fantastic either. Each character i encountered felt as if they had their own personality, which is why i feel this as a positive. Also the game length overall wasn't awful. I'd say there was maybe 6-7 hours of mandatory story and the rest was doing side quests.And the bad. The graphics are sub par. The particle effects were good, but the models and environments left much to be desired. Granted the different stances were nice, i didn't find that the dagger stance put enough into the game to merit changing stances all that often. Bringing companions into combat didn't feel like all that much help either. Mostly just meat shields to help deal with larger mobs or harder enemies. Also you could chose how they fought and other then one being able to heal, there was really no change in combat other then what i stated before.Overall the game wasn't bad. The combat was fun, the story hooked me in enough to want to find out how it ended, the graphics were meh, the gear and loot ♥♥♥♥♥ aspect definitely itched that itch, and other then the riposting element the controls worked well.I'd give it a 6 maybe 6.5 outta 10"
,Recommended,243930,28661756,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Cbshadow231,"Originally I had read plenty of negative or mid way reviews about this game so I had gotten a bit turned off, but after buying the game on sale and trying it for myself, I absolutely love it! I read negative reviews about the combat system and a few other aspects but I personally really enjoy the combat system and have yet to find anything really negative. Overall I'd say 7.5-8/10!"
,Recommended,243930,28395368,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Jawbreaker,This game has quite an interesting story. I also appreciate the language used in this game as it is realistic and comical at the same time. It would be an amazing game if this had a sequal!
,Recommended,243930,28656435,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Kaiie,"I feel as though this game was quite the mixed bag, I really wanted to love it, but the story itself felt too short.When the game initially starts, it seems to go so deep into lore and history leading up to the story, that you almost expect yourself to get into a story-intensive game where you'll be bombarded with decision all throughout that will affect your storyline, and the final outcome...But that's not what you get, you are placed with a pretty limited combat system and a steep learning curve to a fairly limited game that will end solely based on a single decision you make. I understand infinite endings with infinite decisions in a game is extremely complex, but leading the whole game up to a single decision always just feels so lazy,♥♥♥♥♥if the budget ran out and they just say ♥♥♥♥ it.The game itself is pretty decent, but don't let the game surprise or fool you into thinking it's an incredibly deep game. It's a good game that kills a weekend or so, and it's definitely worth its price tag if you can get it on sale, as it's only 10 hours for the story, and maybe another 10-15 for the completionists out there."
76561198040167558,Recommended,243930,28960055,Posted: 2 January,all,TheRevanchists,"Bound By Flame. Where do you begin with this. as you can tell I do recommend this game, when it's on sale. I got it for $5, and was more than worth it at that price, imo. I played the game to completion and I understand, much like War Logs, why a Spiders game has such mixed reviews. The combat can be rough, with certain design decisions leaving me scratching my head. However I was able to get used to it about halfway through the game, and was able to avoid dying besides near the end. The soundtrack and music in general is amazing, imo. The voice acting overall was improved from War Logs, though there is still something to be desired with a few characters. The story I found quite compelling, my only complaint I can level at the plot of the game is it's short length and a lack of an epilogue scene with one of the endings.The choices left me wracked with indecision as each side of the argument had valid points for their viewpoint. Companion characters were better in every way from War Logs, they were much more helpful in combat than before, although granted that isn't saying much. However they managed to hold their own a tiny bit better and had overall better characterization than in War Logs."
,Recommended,243930,28996411,Posted: 3 January,all,DandelionTMV,"Short version: a low budget Dark Souls clone that manages to be entertaining enough.It might not be an AAA RPG but it's actually fun to play once you get used to the cringy dialogues and stiff facial animations. If you have played other Spiders RPG you pretty much know what to expect.The game has a couple of game changing decisions (there's at least two different endings) and three skill trees that completely change your playstyles (I recommend choosing either ranger or warrior, don't spread your skill points too much)."
,Recommended,243930,28893733,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,kokizzu,"hard, but i like the girls :3 beautiful!"
76561198097546875,Recommended,243930,29146025,Posted: 9 January,all,rbblr94,"I'll admit it can have a rough start that may be too much for some to put up with. However, combat does get more reasonable once you're able to upgrade weapons, armor and skills. If you're looking for a great game with amazing story, character building, interesting world lore... This is not what you're looking for. It is a good game, but it's not for everybody. If you're starving for anything RPG like I am, this scratches the itch to a reasonable extent. If you're expecting Skyrim or Dark Souls, look elsewhere. Probably would've been more disappointed if I paid full price, but if you can get this for less than 10$, it's well worth it. Surprised it worked on my system, 32bit Vista with bad graphics card; performance is not an issue."
,Recommended,243930,29433277,Posted: 22 January,all,Sadistdick,"This game isn't great, but it is fun.It's not an open world game although that makes a nice change to most other RPGs these days.The story is fairly engaging but the main character's scripting is terrible.There is re-playability with alternate endings.The skill tree is a failing in this game tbh. Be warned, the way you skill your character might drastically effect how difficult fighting the final boss becomes.You can ♥♥♥♥ nearly every character... Not that you get to see any of it >/ :P"
76561198047269124,Recommended,243930,29338023,Posted: 18 January,all,Cuppiocaek,"This one is a mixed bag.I can see why people like it and why others hate it.First off, it is an indie game so its understandable why it may be clunkier than other games.In saying that, some of the clunkiness is a bit silly.The combat system is quite fine.Left click, attack, right click heavy area attack.You also have spells and equipment you can use.With that you have different combat ""stances"" each with its own specialty.The main is a two handed weapon, the second duel blades and pyro, which is specifically for spells.The problem in the combat lies in the ""block/dodge"" mechanic, which is seperate for two handed/duel blades.In which, you cannot dodge with a two hander and you can only backstep with duel blades.This combined with holding space bar to block starts to get quite irritating in 1vmulti fights.While this system isn't too bad in 1v1 fights, it can still be extremely annoying at times.Other than that, it has a great crafting system, funny dialogue an interesting story and world and the graphics aren't super bad either.Not something I'd say you should buy at the $20 price range though as it can be a frustrating mess at times.But definitely something to check out, especially if you like SPYDER's other games."
,Recommended,243930,29664012,Posted: 2 February,all,"GR|M "" 死神 "" Reap3R","I'm not good with words, but if you love a chellenging Action RPG and a game somewhat reminds you of Witcher 2 combat( or maybe Witcher 3 as well ? ) then Bound by Flame is game you may consider.For my case I really enjoy the game, the story is bit simple and short but after finishing the game it took me about 16 Hours long, I won't complain. I guess it's still acceptable since it's not an open world sandbox game.But if you're those "" Elitist "" who nit-pick every small details of a game ( like how the graphics is bad, the movment isn't fluid etc ) then I suggest you not to buy this game. This game is fun and it's better than I expected but it's not a "" Masterpiece ""or even up to being say 9/10 kind of game.I would esily give this game 7 or even 8 out of 10 though. It's somewhat "" Average "" but just that I enjoy it more than other "" Average "" games.If you have doubts about this game, don't get it a Full Price then, just wait for a Sale, though please don't be an♥♥♥♥♥and download the cracked / pirated version of this game, for this game IMO least deserves a 10$ USD price tag.It's selling for 20 - 25$ USD at the moment based on my currency and pricing."
76561198048836696,Recommended,243930,30222044,Posted: 27 February,all,Redleafboomer,a really cool action western style roleplaying game (think witcher or the souls series)  from a smaller studiothat has started to make its mark on the industry with this and  the tecnomancer after iti love that i can customize my gear  a sword drops and you can choose the pommel and guard to add diffrent effects same with armor
,Recommended,243930,30332922,Posted: 5 March,all,-=[ Cybernetic Space Dragon ]=-,"It's alright but I just couldn't get into to it somehow. The whole armor/weapon upgrade system through crafting is pretty sweet and the story seems decent enough, as do the combat skills. But the graphics are a bit too overcontrasty and red filtered for my tastes lol.That and the character models/voice acting/animations remind me of Dragon Age 1 and they don't seem to fit too well with eachother imo.Combat is pretty good IF you can used to it. It's like a mix of the Witcher 1 (with the DDR style timed stuff that triggers combos) and Dark Souls (with the block/slash/dodge at the right time or you die) but it doesn't feel refined enough to me. Still though it does work as long as you get the timing right and the right skills in at the right time. Health is a bit hard to restore though seeing as the potions require materials that are a bit hard to come by in early game areas, but there are traits or talent points that can be used to get more mats out of everything.I dunno, I might give it another go some day and see if I can get into it properly. Seems to have potential to be a fun game.Also Demon is best girl. :P"
,Recommended,243930,20174097,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Dragonwrath,"Game will not launch for me on,Linux Mint 17.3 Cinnamon 64bitCinnamon version: 2.8.6Kernel: 4.1.3-040103-genericGFX Driver: NVIDIA binary driver 355.06My Rig:NZXT Source 340 Midi-Tower CaseIntel Core i7 4790K @ 4.00GHzASUSTeK COMPUTER INC. Z97-PRO GAMER (SOCKET 1150)Corsair Vengeance Low Profile 8GB Dual-Channel DDR34GB NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970 OC STRIX (ASUS)120GB Samsung SSD 840 EVO500GB Seagate Momentus XT x2500GB Western Digital Blue x23TB WD Green x1weirdly, it says I have hours of playtime?!Game runs on Ubuntu MATE, although I still get the floor-loving-camera bug on occasions."
76561198136931607,Recommended,243930,29243271,Posted: 14 January,all,BlubberMonkey,"This game is actually really good, I expected it to be much worse but once you get a bit far enaugh, once you can kill enemies more easily this game is really good and the storyline is just amazing!! Definatly worth €20!"
,Not Recommended,243930,34994834,Posted: 16 September,all,Dozenbeer,"Its an average game that I still cant recommend, as I couldnt bring myself to keep on playing.Pros:+ every dialogue is fully voiced+ quests and sidequests+ your choices kinda matter+ upgrade items to your liking+ you always have your gear in every cutscene, even using the equipped weapon+ the story is easy to follow+ companion characters, that are useful+ crafting of traps and potions+ various enemies to fight+ enviroments look great+ 3 skilltreesCons:- the gameplay just gets boring real quick, you dont really have to use some sort of strategy- the fighting system isnt that great for such a huge focus on the fights, it just doesnt feel right- although the story is easy to follow, I wasnt invested in it enough and didnt care for almost any character, you meet someone and have to help him, someone he knows dies and they make it real dramatic, when you absolutely dont give a damn about that person.....- some weird buggy things, like when you simply walk, it appears that you teleport/rubberband each 5 steps, like its lagging in an online MMO....strange but it happend quite often- the levels are too bland, corridors you walk through with a lot of backtracking and defeating the same enemies over and over again, not fun at allI caught myself not wanting to boot up the game anymore one day, which means I didnt enjoy playing it much. Its too boring to play and there are tons of better games out there."
