user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198049716439,Recommended,243970,28266839,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Nxf7,"Despite the high positive review % this game is criminally underplayed and I believe I can provide some insight that isn't covered in the other reviews and also address some points from the negative reviews because they may deter people that would otherwise enjoy this game and get their money's worth. That said I will be as objective as possible.First thing, this is pure turn based strategy gameplay. The campaign and storyline is there but you need to enjoy the raw gameplay in order to appreciate this game. Despite what you've been told the 'stealth' part is completely optional; it can be as disgustingly brutal as you want it to be. My preferred end-game is to kill everything and I've found the right setup to make it extremely effective.Winning isn't about figuring out what strategy works; they all 'work' even on the 'Expert' difficulty. The reason Expert is considered by Klei to be the intended difficulty is because it's the hardest preset that doesn't limit your options. Specifically 'Expert Plus' only discourages knocking out guards until you get EMP access but I don't expect anyone who hasn't played the game to know what I'm talking about here; just know that even the ""hardest"" difficulty still only limits your strategical options temporarily.I can accept most negative opinions of some features but my major gripe is their point about the RNG. Take it from me; you do not lose because of RNG when playing on a preset difficulty (not custom settings). In most cases blaming RNG on your loss is a clear case of the Dunning-Kruger effect. You lose because you made strategical or tactical mistakes. Of course everyone makes careless mistakes from time to time and Invisible Inc acknowledges and embraces that with a number of ""rewinds"" that essentially legitimises save-scumming.There is an alarm system that increments every turn, adding difficulty over time throughout each mission. Some opinions express distaste for it but I think it's great. Historically most stealth games are very easy; you can be as patient as you'd like and often killing or incapacitating people has no repercussions. If that's the requirement for stealth games then this isn't one. It's a strategy game first and foremost, and a very unique one.Overall this game isn't easy at the higher difficulties. Beginner exists for a reason so it's ok if you can't brain. If you let it this game will teach you how to brain. Not recommended under the influence of alcohol or sleep deprived, or try anyway, whatever. Fight me in the comments, on the forums, or real life."
,Recommended,243970,15808311,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Stilljester,"Nobody does stealth like Klei!If you enjoyed playing Tenchu: Stealth Assassin on PS1, you need this game.If you enjoy XCOM (the original or the reboot), you need this game.If you've ever seen an episode of Mission:Impossible, you need this game.If you enjoy ""Rogue-likes"", you need this game.Invisible, Inc. puts you in a dangerous, near-future, 1984-esque big brother world of mega-corporations gone bad, with nothing to survive on but your wits and the specialized abilities of your hand-picked team of professional spies.The game plays like a ""run and hide"" XCOM.  The goal here is not to storm the battlements, mow down the guards, and plant a flag over their corpses.  You're outnumbered, outgunned, and certain death waits around every blind corner.  In true espionage fashion, if your team has to pull their guns, it means you've screwed the pooch, your team is compromised, and now you're in a desperate firefight to sprint to the exit before the corporate army seals off the building.At the beginning, you pick two team members, whose special abilities will dictate your play style through an increasingly punishing randomly-generated corporate maze.  You can bring a sniper, sure!  But maybe a computer expert would be less noticeable than gunshots ringing through the halls.  Or you can bring a stealthy lockpicker, but then who's going to judo chop the guards when they show up wearing body armor? Along the way, you may have the opportunity to rescue captured agents and increase your team's size.  The agents available to be rescued are randomized, creating a different play experience each time.The graphics and sound create an inviting, futuristic pulp-fiction atmosphere.  The music is appropriately dangerous, and fitting to the Mission: Impossible play style.  There are a ton of options to make the game easier or harder in whatever way you choose, so you can pick your own challenge level, from a casual romp through a save-scumming corp beatdown to hardcore, ironman, no going back, the-T-1000-is-after-you mode.Get it.  You'll be happy you did."
,Recommended,243970,17419183,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,technoir,"A corporate pacification squad prepares to break down the door and rush in assault rifles blazing. Your escape route is clear, but Banks still needs one turn to hack the brain of the Plastech CEO you were sent to interrogate. What do you do?After being beamed to the mission site, you are faced with two doors leading to the opposite sides of the building - one is watched by a guard and the other is clear. Send your team through the unguarded route and you risk being trapped at side opposite to the escape elevator when your intrusion is noticed. Have Nika knock out the guard so you can split up and he'll wake up in a few short turns, starting a facility-wide manhunt. What do you do?While ransacking a Sankaku tech office, Dr. Xu has been caught alone by an armed security drone, programmed to kill. The rest of the team, too far away to help, will be sighted by a patrolling camera drone next turn, revealing their location to every Sankaku security personnel within six city blocks. You only have enough power to hack one of the drones. What do you do?http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=495237730I don't think there's ever been a game more consistently suspenseful as Invisible Inc. Even when you dance around guards and fill your accounts with corporate capital uncontested you aren't allowed to forget for a minute that it only takes one miscalculation to launch you into a freefall. The biggest credit for this goes to the alarm mechanic. Invisible makes detection a matter of unavoidable, gradually advancing doom rather than a fail state or an excuse to turn itself into an inferior action game.The alarm level creeps upwards with your every turn and every mistake, introducing new security measures and guards into the level, and not a single one of the many gadgets and programs available to your agents can do so much as slow it down. It will only stop when the sirens are blaring, private military troops are flooding the building and your agents are darting frantically from room to room, burning through every item and augmentation they have in order to stave off death for just a little while longer.Invisible isn't a game about avoiding detection, it's about surviving it.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=495237777The core of the game, sneaking from cover to cover and ambushing guards, is immediately intuitive. Instead of of deriving false depth from superfluous mechanics it sets up complex situations and tough choices with just a few precision-designed rules. Things are mixed up by the equipment salvaged from the field, ranging from movement-boosting stimulants to electric door traps. Customization isn't the right word here, though - your resources are always scarce so you must take whatever you can find and build your strategy around that. Plans only last minutes before being replaced by mad improvisation.Let's go back Dr. Xu and his predicament. Maybe he found a rudimentary invisibility rig in the previous mission, not powerful enough to get him out of the drone's field of view but allowing him to run up to it and temporarily disable it with his EMP tool, an augment only he has access to. Or perhaps Decker can use a stimulant to gain just enough action points to reach the room and gun the drone down. Or maybe there's no way out, but Xu survives his injuries and can be recovered from a detention center later on.Oh, and the corporations aren't short of tricks either. The reason Xu got caught? He opened a safe after you triggered a countermeasure program that sets an alarm to all containers on the level. And what if the program was activated by you stunning that same drone that's now threatening Xu so he could sneak to the safes undetected? This is where Invisible Inc. really shines - being a host to a multitude of tactical causes and effects without ever being overwhelming, and never letting you settle into a comfortable routine like many of its peers, even classics, do.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=495237816The soundtrack punctuates the action with surprising vigour and demonstrates some of the best use of reactive music since Proteus. When the tension rises, so does the tempo, making sure your heart will pump faster and faster as the alarm tracker keeps filling up. Likewise the art design is just as slick as one can hope for, taking a good step forward from Mark of the Ninja's and Don't Starve's Saturday morning look while still staying recognizably within Klei's house style.As cool as its presentation is, in terms of UI design Invisible does stumble into an occasional tripwire. Finding the correct button to hack that pesky camera instead of a nearby server computer requires a bit too much fiddling with the camera than I'd like, and the times I've found myself unwittingly knocking out a guard with a conciousness monitor suggests that the varying abilities of guards and drones could be more clearly communicated. These are very minor gripes though, and would be hardly noticed if the rest of the game wasn't so well-crafted.It is tempting to call Invisible an almost-perfect clockwork of a game but that would hardly do justice to the terror and triumph it evokes each mission and each turn. Every drop of sweat and tears I shed over it makes me more convinced that I'm looking at a future classic. It is the kind of a game that will creep into your mind and steal your heart."
76561198024341918,Recommended,243970,32370549,Posted: 12 June,all,KinetiK,"""Invisible, Inc."" is a one-of-a-kind and an instant classic. As a turn-based strategy game, it requires a high level of planning and strategy to succeed. This is compounded by the ""rouguelike"" aspect of the game, meaning that you are not allowed to reload a previous save if you screw up. Depending on the difficulty level you choose, you may either have the ability to retry the level, use a limited number of ""rewinds"" which bring you back to the beginning of the previous turn, or, on ""ironman mode,"" have no safety net at all, meaning if you lose your team it is time to start a new game.This unforgiving style is compounded by the seemingly unfairness of the fight. You are outnumbered and outgunned, infiltrating unknown enemy territory (levels are randomly generated), and you must rely on your stealth and cunning to make it through. Still, there are a number of tools at your disposal: distraction techniques, lethal and non-lethal attacks, a wide variety of powers and gadgets that range from traps to cloaking devices, and a hacking system that targets the various devices found in the level allowing you to access, disable, or remotely command them.While there are some random elements to the game that vary the way each run plays out (such as which types of missions are available, the layouts of each level, and items/powers you find on the way), the rest of the game is very deterministic. If you are very careful and diligent, you can play the enemy like a fiddle, pulling them this way and that so that your other agents can reach the mission objective (and/or rob the corporations blind). However, screw-ups do happen, and when they do, the situation can plunge from ""astounding success"" to ""catastrophic failure"" very quickly. There is no HP meter for your agents. If they are shot, they are permanently downed until another agent either drags them to the exit (leaving them vulnerable in the process) or revives them with Med Gel (which you may have inconveintly left behind to make room for that fantastic new gadget). It is possible to go on without them, but later missions are only going to be harder and it may be next-to-impossible to succeed with an under-manned team.Hacking is a vital part of the game in order to get past cameras and drones - and to access the various ""shops"" that come in the form of firewalled terminals found inside the levels. The hacking system is, in some ways, a game within a game. You can switch between the ""real world"" and the ""virtual world"" of your A.I., Incognita. Everything she does requires power. Power can be generated by programs within Incognita, or through the actions of your agents (such as using their cybernetic augments or ordering them to hack consoles). This adds yet another layer of complexity to the game. If you are being hunted by guards and barely staying afloat, the last thing you want is to run out of power and get spotted on camera because you couldn't hack it. It leads to situations where you are running risky maneuvers in order to get to consoles, just so you can proceed unhindered through the rest of the level. The number of hazards, and their respective firewall levels, is increased each turn, so careful planning and efficient power usage is essential.In the end, the beauty of ""Invisible, Inc."" is its balance and the choices it forces you to make. It is both ruthlessly hard and extremely satisfying when you make it through a level without a hitch. You must choose between dodging past enemies, knocking them out for a couple turns, or killing them, each of which has its own concequences. You have to choose between that awesome gadget or a new hacking program that will help you with the increasingly difficult firewalls. You may have to choose to end your campaign or limp along with an under-manned team because your agent was seperated from the rest of the team and shot. This, and the huge variety of strategies available, make it a wildly satisifying experience. I would recommend it to anyone who enjoys strategy games."
,Recommended,243970,15816470,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Deadfall,"It's like XCOM and FTL got drunk and started making out, and then Mark of the Ninja walked in on them, but everyone was cool about it"
,Recommended,243970,15969578,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Fail Tank,"If you're the kind of gamer who is interested in turn-based stealth, just stop reading and buy Invisible Inc. right now.If you're still on the fence, I'll explain. Invisible Inc.'s closest relative is gaming is probably Bionic Dues. Don't feel bad if you've never played or heard of Bionic Dues, because there's only like 3 of us who have. For everyone else, Invisible Inc. is a lot like FTL or Desktop Dungeons, if those games were turn-based stealth games. You spend the vast majority of your time inside missions, sneaking around, trying to hit objectives and robbing safes you come across. You manage several different resources as you do this. Power can be found in consoles, and you can also generate it on your own using different programs. You spend it to disable or turn enemy infrastructure and drones into yours. Alarms build up over time, and also increase when you are spotted or trigger certain things. Cooldowns are another resource to manage, as you can disable guards, but only short periods of time and only every few turns or so. Your items with cooldowns can also do other things. Finally, you have to manage your positioning. That's a bit more abstract than most, but you have to decide whether to split up and cover more ground, or stick together, minimize your visibility profile, and give your agents the ability to support each other. Once you've been through the game a couple times, it will feel like second nature.At the beginning of each game, you choose your 2 starting agents (who each have predetermined unique augments, and some starter gear), a power generating program, and a hacking program. Each of these choices affects your overall strategy within missions. It's much like choosing your starting ship in FTL.As you rob safes and recover objectives in the game, you get credits to buy your agents weapons, items, and cybernetic augments that they carry with them for the rest of the campaign (or until you sell them). You strategically choose your missions based on the rewards you'll get from them, and have limited opportunities between missions to buy and sell items from a fence. Between missions you can also upgrade your agents' stats directly.Enemies consist of drones, guards, cameras, daemons, and a handful of other things. Guards are self-explanatory. Drones are like guards, but you can hack them. Cameras are also fairly easily understood. Daemons are things that lurk inside of cameras, drones, and other hackable infrastructure that are essentially one-shot traps that trigger when you fully hack their hosts. The mix of these things you encounter are dictated in part by which corporation you're infiltrating. Each corporation has its own specialties and strengths.Each campaign lasts for 3 in-game days, with missions taking between 5 or 6 and 12 hours. That means you're running 8 missions, plus the final mission. Each campaign therefore lasts for about 5 or 6 hours of real time.This is a poorly written review I did in a few minutes, so try not to mind my jumping around too much. All I'm trying to poorly communicate is that it scratches the same itch as FTL, with procedurally generated everything, big elements of both luck and skill, highly variable starting conditions, and the ability to pursue several strategies, as well as that roguelike sense of getting handed the dumbest stuff and still trying to make it work somehow."
,Recommended,243970,19148772,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Psiborg,"Wow!I'm a huge fan of tactical turn-based games and have played almost all of them.  To date the high water mark for me has been Jagged Alliance 2 (+v1.13 mod) with the XCOM reboot and Frozen Synapse filling the other spots on my podium.XCOM2 has been at the top of my ""eagerly-awaiting"" list for some time and I figured I'd bridge the wait with Invisible Inc.  Turns out (pun intended) I hugely underestimated this game.  It is brilliant!  Not only is it better than Enemy Unknown/Within but even my prized JA2 may need to step aside.Why?ESCALATING TENSIONThe stealth gameplay works wonderfully. As combat and time quickly escalate efforts against you, the need to be efficient in your infiltration is always at the forefront. This prevents idling/turtling as every turn matters. You need to know how far to push and when to cut and run. The pacing is excellent.MINIMAL LUCKThere are no probabilities to hit or variable damage. Even the path that enemies will move on their turn can be known. You might think this predictability would reduce the fun - it doesn't - it enhances it. All the information is there but you have to know how to get it.  This makes you supremely responsible for the outcome of your decisions and it is eminently satisfying.REPLAYABILITYThis is not a story dependant game. It's about the process, not the ending so repeated playthoughs do not feel repetitive. As the maps are procedurally generated there is no repetition here either. Even character builds are kept fresh between playthoughs as you only pick your initial two team members. Additional members (and their unique abilties), as well as available gear, are random. Rather than min/max a single favourite build, each playthough requires a solution using different tools.There is more to praise about this game but the above are what I consider the key points that set it apart and elevate it to the top of the genre.This is Game-Of-The-Year worthy.  If you like this style of game, I cannot recommend it enough!*EDIT: I stand by my original review as this is still one of my all time favourites. However, for what I consider the best experience, I'd suggest playing with the following mods:UI TWEAKS(http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=581951281)This adds a few really handy features to the UI that handily fixes some of the very few interface shortcomings.CUSTOM AGENT MOD:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=573944445While this mod offers several options you may be interested in, the ability to remove the stat limiting auments introduced in the Contingency Plan DLC is the main reason to get this. Those augments are junk and just water down the odds of finding decent items in game."
,Recommended,243970,15833245,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,(-C-)Fjonan,"This game is incredible. It has been quite a while since I had the effect of ""What? Already 3 in the morning? But ... one more mission ...."" (it is 3:33 AM as I write this)Klei took all the good things about round-based strategy from the big brother XCOM and added their experience with stealth games and some unique gameplay ideas to the mix and ... it works perfectly. To round it all up they got some rogue-like elements like permadeath for the agents and (depending on the difficulty) very limited possibilities to retry. But failing the short campaign (took me 5 hours on first try on beginner difficulty) will always yield some XP that unlocks new agents and abilities for the next round.That alone would be enough for a great little game but Klei also shows again just how good they got with art and design. Artwork, sound design, UI - every little detail down to how the menus fade in feels just right and makes this good game a perfect one.If you like stealth, and if you like round-based strategy, this is the game for you!To the guys and gals at Klei: Fantastic work, I can't wait what you are working on next!"
,Recommended,243970,15818583,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Doc.,"I spent 88 hours playing Invisible Inc. during Early Access.After falling in love with Don't Starve, this game was an easy buy! It's challenging and it offers so much more now that I have yet to encounter! It's incredibly fun and had me hooked immediately.If you like Shadowrun Returns and other tactical games and have enjoyed Don't Starve or Mark of the Ninja, buy this immediately! You will not regret it..!"
76561198030614955,Recommended,243970,15207394,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Saltylanguage,"You know how you scroll through reviews to see a big red ""Not Recommended"" just to see some critical analysis of the game in question.  I know I do it and invariably I come across ""this game should be done already"" guy.  You all know him.  He's the guy who buys an early access game and then goes on to say the game has a lot of bugs and that it isn't worth the money in its current form blah blah blah.Well here's the thing about invisible inc.  When I first played this game, it only had 3 characters and 2 or 3 mission types.  The items were limited to basically 2 different guns, some ammo, and med packs.  The hacking was a very simple system and you couldn't upgrade your hacking abilities.  The thing is though, I still had a blast playing it.  In fact, the game in that state was still well worth $15 in my opinion.A left the game alone for a couple months as I moved and finding a new place for my PC was a bit of an issue.  But when I came back to this game, I found the updates were incredible.  A wide variety of characters with varied skills (6 or 7 I believe).  There are at least 5 missions types and they are suprisingly different in gameplay experience.  Detention centres for example contain a prisoner which may or may not be another agent to add to your roster.  Chief financial suites give you access to vault codes for future Vault missions.  The inventory received a similar upgrade.  Many items and even different types of equipment including augments which improve your characters functionality in their role by giving them unique passive buffs or abilities.  Equipment is no longer limited to guns and ammo but includes hacking aids, stim packs, gadgets like deployable cameras or sound traps, and alternative weapons like darts, tracers, etc.What I am really trying to say here is that this game feels like it is a finished game with all the polish and content to justify its price tag and then some.  Technically, the game runs smoothly, the mechanics behave in a predictable manner without allowing the player to exploit them.  This allows you to plan ahead, and think of strategies that involve more than one turn.  There is nothing worse than having an awesome plan in your head, thinking it all through, executing the first 3 steps, just to have step 4 blow up in your face because the guard decided to turn around for absolutely no reason.  This is what I would call unpredictable mechanics and while a certain level of ""randomness"" or unpredictability can make the game more fun, Invisible Inc. is a game where once you learn how the enemies behave, the difficulty comes from having to use your brain and stay one step ahead of the game (not from throwing a random guard your way at the perfectly wrong time).TLDR? This game is leading by example.  This is exactly how early access should work.  The dev's could have cut and run and moved on to another project months ago, and they still would have been less buggy and more fun than a lot of ""finished"" games out there *cough Looking your way Double Fine cough*.  Klei has shown me that a dev company can truly care about the experience their customers get and work hard to make sure that the final product is something they can proudly put their names on.  If any of the dev's read this seriously GOOD ON YOU!  More companies need to operate this way!"
76561198146103121,Recommended,243970,13248938,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,live_allosaurus,"This has several things I usually don't look for in a game -- permadeath, a fiendishly steep learning curve, and procedurally-generated levels that leave a lot of your success or failure (usually the latter) to luck -- but I am finding it so addictive I feel like I'm in that episode of TNG where everyone gets exposed to that new space game and it takes over their brains.Since it's Early Access, some of the joins are still showing, like the banter that seems a little disconnected (the guy who sells gear has offered me condolences for my loss a number of times when all my agents were alive). More importantly, a game with this many characters should really have more nonwhite faces.I'm looking forward to seeing how they continue to develop the game and respond to community feedback. Even in its current state, I feel like I've gotten my money's worth of gameplay already. Now if you'll excuse me I need to go look at some trees or something for a while until the afterimages of doorways and dotted character pathways stop playing across the inside of my skull."
,Recommended,243970,15855976,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,RelativePierce,"Stealth games are rarely made, and when they are made, they are rarely about stealth but more of shooter wearing the tag of a stealth game. Invisible Inc. however was able to captured the essence of stealth quite perfectly. The game is turn based and gives the player tight requirements in doing infiltration base missions. Although the requirements are tight, the game uses a unique system where the longer you are on the mission, the more dangerous it gets, therefore starting the mission with a low difficulty and gradually increasing.The most unfortunate thing about the game is the campaign story. The narrative is great, but story was cut short right when it gets interesting, I do hope to see a much longer campaign.Pros:- Captures the essence of a stealth perfectly- Amazing art style with some wonderful cut scene- Great story- Randomized maps, giving a nice replayability- Plenty of equipments to mess withCons:- The game's story was cut short :(- More"
,Recommended,243970,32049955,Posted: 29 May,all,Noblesdown,"Great game, but frustrating as hell. Hard as hell. Your tools nowhere near match the opposition, and there will be many instances where you will get 2-3 missions in and get team wiped every single time no matter how careful you strategize. Leveling/buying equipment is extremely difficult due to low amounts of cash and high cost of skills and items.Klei is awesome, and this is a buy and must own for sure. Just don't expect to sit down and play it for eight straight hours, you'll get too frustrated. One or two tries during a visit to Starbucks is all I can take without getting frustrated, and I never ge tmad at games."
,Not Recommended,243970,15914012,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,TikiTDO,"While the gameplay can have some fun moments, I can't say I'm particularly impressed with many of the design decisions.There is certainly some fun to be had in playing the role of elite cyber-spies in a hostile world. The two core mechanics (the sneaky, explory, stabby part, and the hacky, chancy, resource managy part) work well together. The mission selection and character progression parts also add a nice strategic element to the game. The interface works well enough, though it's perhaps a bit lacking on the clarity. However, there are enough things wrong with the game that none of these things really make up for the shortcomings.My biggest pet peeve is that there is a consistent refusal to present any pertinent information until after it would have been useful. That's certainly a good way to force replayability, but it does nothing to endear the game enough to actually want to go through the trouble. All it does is ensure that the first play-through is full of annoying experiences that could have been solved with a few more lines of dialog.It doesn't end there. The stealth is a bit less exciting than you would expect from the people that made Mark of the Ninja. It uses the standard vision cone system, which doesn't really translate favorably into the slower nature of turn-based games. It's hard to feel excited when sneaking past a bunch of fairly predictable, and very dumb mobile vision cones. The only time there is any semblance of a challenge is when the computer floods the level with dozens of enemies, and broadcasts your location every turn. This takes the game from ""stealth"" to ""I hope the RNG was kind to me.""The difficulty curve is quite inconsistent. The game is actually really simple once you get going. The missions are straight forward resource management problems; optimizing the use of AP, Power, Items, and Time. I would have liked a few more lessons about conserving resources and priorities at the start, but it's easy enough to figure out with a bit of trial and error. However, it will occasionally ramp up to night impossible when you failed to get a specific item for a particular situation, more often than not because you never even found what you needed. That's acceptable in a rogue-like where most game measure in  minutes, but much less enjoyable in a longer game where even a quick playthrough demands your attention over many hours of gameplay.The levels are at the mercy of the RNG, sometimes making even high difficulty tasks a breeze, while other times putting an ever more aggravating set of obstacle in your way on even the easiest maps. There are plenty of dead ends and empty rooms, and little else to explore. With the inclusion of permadeath, and a very limited optional rewind feature this can lead to some annoying situations.I did enjoy the actual execution of the missions. There was enough flavor to the game that I enjoyed going through the campaign. Unfortunately, it lacked the depth of more complex games like Frozen Synapse, and it failed up for that lack of depth in any useful way.In particular, the game would have benefited from a stronger store, and more interactive characters. Judging by the dialog there was a fairly interesting, dark, and deep world behind the game. There are certainly tidbits here and there hinting at an interesting story going on in the background. Unfortunately that world does not really come through; the inter-mission cutscenes are too short, and never change, while in game there is barely any dialog except a few triggered lines whenever you meet specific objectives.I think there was definitely a missed opportunity for some kind of data-collection mini-game with bits about the world.Some occasional character banter would have gone a long way; as it is your characters are just bland dolls you control. Sure, the narrator character mentions a bit of backstory when you select them, and they have different looks, and different equipment, but they might as well have been formless blobs for all it mattered. I would have liked to see a bit of in-game dialog of the playable characters reminiscing about old missions, or random events around them. This could have offered some depth to the story, and introduced concepts as the game went on instead of dumping you in a situation you were supposed to expect.Finally, I did notice a somewhat consistent problem with clicks failing to register. More than a few times I clicked on a character and sent them to a new location only to have my previously selected character run into the center of the action. It's easy enough to deal with by clicking on a character a few times, but it's just one more annoyance that takes away from the experience.In all it's a passable turn-based tactics game, sporting a fairly basic stealth element that doesn't feel very well thought out. It doesn't really bring much interesting to the table. It doesn't do a very good job of introducing itself, and when you puzzle it all out the end result is not spectacular. It's a game that tries to force you to play more of it, without actually doing much to make you want more. I can certainly see some people enjoying it, but it's certainly not something that will have any sort of wide appeal.Give it a try if you really like turn-based tactics games, or if it's on sale. Otherwise save yourself the time and headache."
76561198031279556,Recommended,243970,14732140,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,[PGC]Thrasson,"Turn based stealth action. Nothing else to say.Difficulty -  challenging to OMG WTF !?Patience - I would say this applys. But it does not. There is a turn timer that increases security the longer you lurk in the       mission. So, this forces you to get what you can and GTFO.Items - Gadgets and dodad's to help you out. Some weapons to increase your KO / Fatality when dealing with guards.Money - Completing missions gets you cash. You need this. You can not redo missiosn to farm cash. You MUST move along to more difficult missions without a choice.Characters - Base skills are different between each. But level them up as you see fit or desire.now... GAMEPLAYIt's fanastic.Movement/ Actions - Action Points system operated. I have no greivence with this. Feels like X-Com all over again.LINE OF SIGHT ( LoS ) - THIS is the game. You rush around a corner, you probably just got your Agent get killed. You need to maintain a vigilence of speed vs caution. Guards and security devices have LoS too. Once spotted, you are most likely Killed on your next turn.Rewind -  Nice feature. Lets you take your previous turn over again. BUT, you only get one.Death of your Agent - When an agent dies, your life starts to suck. I have not confirmed it, but I think when your Agent is down, if you can carry them to the escape, you save them. Otherwise if you finish the mission with the one agent and leave the other where they got downed, the downed Agent is K.I.A..OTHER STUFF....Sound is good. You get to hear the guards on patrol. That's a nice little heads up.Graphics. They work. Objects and animation is smooth. Details are not distorted or fuzzy.Controls. you only need your mouse. THIS is deceptive, because there are no mouse control settings in the options menu. Just a keyboard key layout.Yes. I reccomend this game. It kills time and if you are not careful... 5 hours later your boss calls you and asks, ""Why aren't you at work!"""
76561198069385819,Recommended,243970,12892553,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Bee,"Hello Internet! Today id like to give unto you my review of the game Invisible Inc.For those who haven't played it yet, or are weighing their options carefully as they peruse the reviews of the game, must be aware. Invisible Inc. is a turn based, stealth, procedurally generated game; somewhat reminiscent of games like X-COM or Wasteland in terms of turn based and team deployment, but with a major focus on stealth and subterfuge. Like X-COM, their is some resource management both in-game and out, but not to the same degree. The game is still not fully done yet and the developers are carefully approaching what their vision of the game should be.Negatives:(I like to start with these first)-Very unforgiving of mistakes. Enemies are quick to punish errors with the swift death of your characters. While it is possible to revive fallen units, it is extremely dangerous.-Balancing. All aspects of the game are undergoing constant tweaks and fixes, that sometimes lead to unfair advantages for both players and enemies.-Procedurally Generated. No two maps are the same. Certain rooms however will typically have aspects about them that are the same every time(I.e. Holding cell areas always have higher level guards, or robot sentry levels almost always have a random roving eyebot). This by itself is not a negative, but it can be when three or more of these higher difficulty rooms are placed next to eachother, making the player either waste a lot of valuable resources just to find an empty safe room or to enter a bloodbath.Positive:-Most important to mention for positives is the amazing dev team that regularly puts out game changing updates, including any number of new items, characters, revisions, tweaks, updates, etc.; all the while listening to their community.-Story. While vague so far, the story of Invisible Inc. has been developing more and more with each update; adding new dialogue here, a new description on that item, etc. Once the game is fully created I believe that we shall have a compelling and riveting story for us to play through.-Art Style. The environments, as well the characters themselves, have a very distinguished and marked style. Cartoonish in appearance but with a gritty realism that punctuates the plot and setting of the game.-Characters and Leveling. Starting off, you only have access to two characters with which you have full control of in game. All of the current characters within the game are capable of being chosen and played after you have leveled up an arcade-style profile experience level; which increases every time you play the game and complete a campaign run-through. The characters are all dynamically different, both in appearance and capabilities, that allow you to capitalize on certain items, enemies, and strategies that the game has available.-Interesting Gameplay Mechanics. While most of the game is a turn based, stealth ordeal; you must frequently hack and control electronics that affect events in the players world using an advanced AI, which is essentially a game of resource management. You can get past all of the guards and make it to the loot filled safes scattered around the levels but if you don't carefully conserve the power that your AI uses to hack things for you, you'll be♥♥♥♥♥♥out of luck.-Logical Gameplay. Every action must be taken with a myriad of variables to consider. Should you risk sprinting to cover more ground, but possibly alert an unseen guard? Should you purchase more ammo for your characters pistol, or invest in their stealth skill instead? Even something as simple as opening a door must be taken into consideration as you may have no idea whats on the other side. Invisible Inc. gives you the tools with which to complete your goals but it is up to you on how you use them.-Atmosphere and Setting. ""Why are these missions always indoors?"" -Shalem. The idea is that you, and a select few others, barely escaped an intelligence agancies form of a coup and you must send agents on missions to gather resources and support against the rising corporate giants around the globe. Set in a (not so far away or unthinkable) dystopian future where corporations seem to have more power than the world governments, you must use fantastic technologies such as implants, lasers, robots and super advanced AI to stop these Corporate menaces. While most of the missions are withing the corporate offices and labs that you are fighting, the game vaguely eludes to you that the rest of the world is none the wiser of whats really going on.In conclusion, Invisible Inc. is a solid 8.0/10.0 for me, an avid fan of both stealth and turn based games. It is a very cerebral game, paired with the subtle cunning required for a stealth action;  making for interesting gameplay. While still not fully developed yet, this game is proving that it's great potential is being realized and capitalized on by their dev team. I have no doubts that this game will one day be a GOTY worthy candidate and will be within the libraries of all the strategy nuts out there(Like me!).Thank You for taking the time to read this.-Bee"
,Recommended,243970,26367297,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Crypt Warden,"Okay, okay.  I really like Klei Entertainment.  However, there are pros and cons.  I will go over those.As with other games by this developer, Invisible Inc. retains Klei's trademark fantastic art style and morbid sense of humor.  There's a lot of shenanigans you can get away with if you play the ideal way - stealth - instead of engaging every enemy you see.  This is where you'll get to see some funny scenarios, like jumping in and out of a guard's ""noticed"" sight range, just to mess with his head.  ""What was that?""  ""I thought I saw something!""  Ah...priceless.Gameplay involves a bit of trial and error.  I don't find any of the characters to be overpowering, but with experience, you can ""play the system"" and do things like max out Internationale's *remote* hacking abilities, since she's the best candidate to shove hacking skill points on.  As for other mechanics, I dislike turn-based games, and don't find the rewind feature particularly helpful.  I've seen this feature in other games, and it's usefulness boils down to how badly you've messed up the situation.  While you can fix a game-ending team formation in one rewind, the 5 rewind limit will not help if you spent several turns idling to regenerate your hacking power.  Even at the easiest difficulty, I felt like I lost alot of progress.Overall, I love this game and would recommend it just because Klei does stealth games very well (they also made Mark of the Ninja, which isn't turn-based).  Again, to get missions completed effectively, you'll need to throw a bit of paint at the wall and see what sticks.  The game is worth the challenge."
76561198027845400,Not Recommended,243970,26325566,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Shuffleblade,"I have a hard time computing my thoughts on this game, I started a playhtrough before I bought the dlc so my campaign run was the short version. Keep in mind that you can get a longer and probably better experience by buying the dlc first.I like this game, but I cannot recommend it for a few reasons that seem small but really makes a big impact on the enjoyment of the game(at least mine).Figuring out how to play this game is hard, you are rewarded for being careful and violence is generally punished. Killing or knocking people out makes the game harder BUT the more turns you take the harder it gets as well. This is supposed to make the game into you walking a thin line between being too aggresive and being too slow however it just ends up with you feeling like every choice you make is wrong. A lot of your decisions are also based on too little information, meaning the choices are sometimes not even possible to make based on what you see but you must roll the dice.So what we have here is a game where it is very hard to figure out how to play, well I figured out how I wanted to play this game but I was never allowed to. All the items in this game are attainable or not based on RNG, I wanted for example to knock guards out in melee but I never got any of those tools(except the ones you start with) and not even a chance to purchase one. I see what the developers are after with this they want you to make do with what you get and adapt your playstyle depending on what the RNG gives you, its a neat concept really and it creates a great replayability.My issue here though is this, I don't want replayability and I don't want to randomly die because the tools I got were subpar and the RNG gods sneezed in my direction. I don't want to have to restart and play through the♥♥♥♥♥♥due to that, this issue might not have been so bad by itself but together with the fact that you can't even play like you want to because gear, augments and computer abilities are all based on RNG it makes it not fun.For people that love turn based strategic games and also love to replay games for a long time and adapting your playstyle and characters depending on what gear you get this will be your thing. Sadly I really like to make the choices about how my characters are geared out and how they fight myself so I can't recommend the game even though I liked it."
,Recommended,243970,16070094,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Funkdubious,"Masterpiece.  No game is properly comparable in its mechanics (like a mixture of X-Com, Metal Gear, and FTL).  Risk/reward at its finest.  Procedurally generated, but each level feels balanced and handcrafted.  Rewards adaptability, planning, and focus, but challenges you all the way."
76561198052396411,Recommended,243970,15806662,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,The Chief,"If you like stealth games and\or tactics games, this one is PURE GOLD!P.S. This is the first time I want to write something about a game after I've spend a sleepless night with it."
76561198042220545,Recommended,243970,13047642,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,FatalCharm,"Update: RockPaperShotgun just named Invisible Inc as the 11th best PC Strategy game of all time.https://www.rockpapershotgun.com/2016/11/18/the-50-best-strategy-games-on-pc/41/Original Review:Invisible, Inc.:  Why I love her ...Invisible, Inc is a turn-based, tactical, stealth game -- with some RPG elements thrown in (i.e., you can choose to upgrade your agents' abilities).  If that's not enough, you've got a robust, random-level generator that ensures no two games will play the same.Are you sold yet?  Well, it's got great spy-gadgets and doo-dad's that would make 'Q' from James Bond proud; cloaking devices, holographic projectors, various computer hacking programs, weapons, shock traps, EMP's, and MUCH more can turn your pedestrian team into a true wrecking crew that will leave those fat-cat corporations trembling.Did I mention that it's rogue-like?  Lose an agent and they're gone ... yeah, it's challenging; be prepared to die and fail -- this game makes you appreciate the journey as well as the destination.  As per usual with Klei though, they've provided a fantastic game-setup screen for you to tailor the difficulty of the game to suit your tastes.There is one more 'feature' that I forgot to mention:  It's FUN.  It's lots and lots of FUN.  Get Invisible, Inc today!"
,Recommended,243970,12579416,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Ultrahyper,"Invisible, Inc. is a stealth tactical turn based game from Klei Entertainment, notable to me forDon't Starve.It isn't terribly fleshed out yet, but what is there -- the stealth-focused completely unforgiving rogue gameplay, agent trait management, equipment management, and 'Icognito' mode (the hacking mechanism) -- is really, really fun. Even if they don't add many more features (as I write this, in a week a major 'warez' based update is coming out) it's still a really enjoyable, deep thinking game. It has even taken the place of X-Com for the time being, for those times I want my turn based tactical combat fix.Another reason it really came to my attention is the hard focus on stealth gameplay -- alot like Metal Gear Solid or Splinter Cell -- but with a charming, cartoony art style. Your agents will end up being found and mercilessly gunned down as your Central Operator expresses her disappointment in your performance. And then you begin again with a fresh new team, in a fresh new environment (did I mention itsPROCEDURALLY GENERATEDwhich is something X-Com was never able to master) to raid, pillage and escape from various corporate facilities.It's also a game that makes you say ""Just one more turn"" and staying up far later than intended playing it. If any of what I've said above peaks your interest, it get's a solid Recommend from me.Try picking it up on sale for insane value, but it's totally worth the $15.99 it is now."
,Recommended,243970,30133892,Posted: 23 February,all,Sovi The Bear,ReviewScoreGameplayVery indepthGraphicVery niceMusicExhilaratingControlGoodStoryLinear goodCommentLearning curvePurchase?Sure
,Recommended,243970,15836875,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Bisbin,"If you like XCOM and FTL (mostly XCOM) you'll probably get a lot of fun out of this! (Bonus points if you are into Cyberpunk) A fantastic little game that will be filled with intense moments and hard decisions, I highly recommend it!"
,Recommended,243970,30266097,Posted: 1 March,all,InfinityOps,"This game has given me more than 80 hours of joy (with many more to come), and it's time for me to give back.I would like to preface by saying I got this game on sale during the last Winter sale. Was it worth $7 including DLC? Absolutely. Is it worth $24 with said DLC? Debateable, depending on how much you're sold on this game before buyinig it. Invisible Inc. is an amalgamation of many different things that I love in video games. It's a procedurally-generated, turn-based stealth game with a cyberpunk aesthetic.You start each campaign with two agents, and it's up to you to direct them through the sprawling, massive levels to accomplish the objectives, whatever they may be. There are four different corporations for you to infiltrate, with locations all around the world. They each have their own strengths and unique units to make life harder for your agents. But the agents are unique too. While you initially only start out being able to choose 2 at the beginning of the  campaign, you unlock many more by gaining XP at the end of each playthrough, whether you succeed or not. Each agent has unique starting skills and abilities, but you can re-spec them throughout a campaign to suit your own, unique playstle. You also gradually unlock new starting programs, which are used for the hacking mechanic. All of Invisible Inc's missions contain hackable items. You can hack a camera and make their eyes into your own, or you can hack into a safe and uncover credits or items. Hacking costs PWR, which is very limited, so it isn't the solution to everything.Concerning the campaigns, every playthrough is unique. While they begin and end with the same mission types, the level layout and location are always different. Now, the campaign itself is quite short, taking place over the course of just 72 hours, or 120 if you get the DLC. This can be a problem for some people, as you may simply not get the right missions in order to be prepared for the brutal final assault at the end. I personally, don't get mad when I have to start over, because it just means I get to play more Invisible Inc.The missions (you'll have time for about 5-7 of them in a 72 hour campaign), are thrilling high-risk, high-reward endeavors that provide a lot of memorable moments. There are many different mission types, such as robbing corporate vaults or accessing a server farm. They each present their own unique challenges; crack that vault open, and enforcer units will arrive to investigate the location. Universally, though, all missions have a turn limit of sorts. Even if your agents remain completely undetected, without disturbing any sentries, the alarm level gradually ramps up each turn. When the alarm stage increases, the mission becomes more difficult. Additional cameras activate, more guards arrive, and they eventually pinpoint your location. You spend the entire time stalked by this turn counter, so every move counts. In addition to main objectives, you may stumble across a side-mission that unlocks additional awards if completed. They're rather limited in the base game, but the DLC adds many more.The story is rather minimal, which I found disappointing just because of the interesting universe that is implied by the parts we do see. The dev team was pretty small, and only three characters receive voice acting. For a team this small, I'm glad they focused on the gameplay, but your mileage may vary.Overall, Invisible Inc is an absolutely thrilling experience that I recommend to anyone who enjoys turn-based tactics, stealth, or just cyberpunk in general. If you're interested but not fully convinced, then just wait for it to go on sale. I, for one, am happy to give Klei my money so they can hopefully make games like this, and perhaps, one day, a sequel."
,Recommended,243970,15854854,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Shirsh,"Unique turn-based rogue-litе heist stealth in cyberpunk world with art-deco and retro-futurism elements. Mark of the Ninja animation in isometric view of Don't Starve.FTL-like bit short story mode and endless mode with extra content and challenges, lots of customisation options that can drastically change game. Bunch of tools, weapons and augments for 10 different unlockable agents (plus alternate versions for 8 agents, with another perks and equipment). Bunch of ""hacking software"" for ""AI Incognita"" - main agency asset. 4 corporation with their different threats to steal from.Game expansion to make story mode longer and add more agents, enemies and everything else announced."
,Recommended,243970,26901548,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,maelwys,"I've been playing Invisible, Inc. now for a week or so, taking my time, and I feel somewhat compelled to write a review for it. First, I didn't read the tin so I had no idea what it was all about beyond stealth, and kinda like Shadowrun. What I didn't realize is that it's a roguelike, with excellent balance, and it can be brutally punishing. Not since Dishonored have I played a game where I have had honest to goodness nail-biting moments that I have to stop playing and tell my wife about. Seriously.""...and so this guard was right in front of the objective and wasn't moving so I had to take him out. And I didn't want to just kill him, right? But I didn't want to babysit his unconcious body. So, like, I had to make a diversion to get him to check out the other room...""My wife humors me.Crazy thing is, I have to take my time with the game - it's honestly stressful. Fun, definitely, but stressful. I absolutely recommend it. Maybe it will lose its lustre at some point, but for now, I'm hooked."
,Recommended,243970,15864315,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Lacool,"Like a stealth based x-com with permadeath, incredibly fun and stylish. Set in a future where corporations rule the world and control the most advanced technology. Using 2-4 agents and the Incognita hacking system, you take different kinds of missions to steal money and upgrades for your team, all on the fly, in order to take on greater challengers and the inevitable final (very hard) mission.Highly recommended to tactical turn-based lovers.Several very impressive difficulties with an even more impressive array of custom choices that affect map generation, guard count, and many other aspects of the gameplay and difficulty. Permadeath is semi-optional but since you always feel like you deserve it when you are caught (and there are many other items and tactics that can still bail you out on even the hardest modes) it is fun to keep on. You can adjust pretty much every aspect of the challenge in the options, including Endless Mode.Fully animated, fantastic voice acting and solid, slick writing. There's a story happening here with specific characters somewhat like x-com, but the characters are decidedly stronger and more unique - each playable agent is a specific character with endemic abilities, and there are alternative versions of each character with new costumes and abilities, all unlockable fairly easily.Even the music is satisfying and seems to be somewhat adaptive, pulsing more intensity as you make crucial mistakes and things heat up. The sound design and art direction in general seem immaculate. Other than grunts and 'huh?'s in the missions, only the two 'overseer' characters and Incognita (the hacking AI critical to your mission) herself are voiced, but everything recorded glows. Nonetheless, despite all the animated scenes and voiced dialogue, there isn't a single thing you can't easily skip through when trying to beat the game for the Nth time.For me it picks up right where X-Com: EU/EW left off, with an evolving focus on moving safely and unseen through cover and controlling confrontations before they happen, and actual all out combat being rare or more or less phased out. Still, there are weapons, a combat system, armor and even dealing with bodies. All are equally important, but lethal ammo is somewhat expensive to find (and to use).This game is insane for the price. I really think you should get it."
76561198027103160,Not Recommended,243970,23401065,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Tidaldust,"I enjoy tactical strategy but not stealth games; decided to try this given the positive reviews. I wanted to like it but found myself thinking this game could have been much more than it was. The core mechanic can be fun, but I still have to go thumbs down. Three primary complaints:1. The story and characters are underwritten. This makes the game mostly a sandbox that gets repetitive quickly.2. The environments are one note. Every level looks and feels the same. The adversary has no personality or variety.3. The game's economy/balancing doubles down on the repetitive loop that the above creates. On the first playthrough, I cruised to the end only to find myself missing critical equipment to complete the final mission that, in retrospect I was had not been offered for purchase from any of the game's semi-inaccessible vendor options in the first place. The between mission vendor is literally useless, frequently having nothing to offer for sale, thereby raising the question why he's included at all. The game's response is to suggest I replay the entire campaign again as part of a metagame. This would be fine given that the game moves at a decent clip except that the repetitiveness of the core game makes replaying it extremely boring. I only have so much time, replaying a game I'm lukewarm on hoping procedural generation will give me opportunities to acquire needed items to finish it doesn't sound like fun, it sounds like a chore.I think there is a core for a great game here, either by changing the setting (say to the Cold War or by licensing a spy property like Archer or Austin Powers or No One Lives Forever) or a sequel that focuses more on making the game both challenging AND fun by opening up the inventory more, giving the world more character, and creating a villain worth beating."
76561198032898393,Recommended,243970,14335274,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,danmanisa,"This was one surprise of a game for me. The concept sounded good, but I figured it might be one of those games that you really need to invest loads of time into to learn all the various parts, skills, techs and strategies.Far from it! The game mechanics are simple enough and there's not a lot here that will confuse people (although some perks are a little unclear as to what they do) but man, it will challenge you!The game is challenging and your death and demise is ALWAYS your fault! There is no luck here. Laziness and lack of forethought will be your undoing. That's the beauty of this game. Randomly generated levels combined with solid game rules and permadeth equals loads of replayability and agonising consequences for screwing up.If you like games where it's all about planning without the effect of luck, undpredicatble levels and the risk of losing with one mistake, this is for you.It's not a shooter, in fact, that's your last and often unwanted resort. It's a stealth game to the max and it teases you with the random levels, as sooooo many times I've died just wanting to explore that next room, even though I've completed my mission and the exit is JUST THERE!!! Do you leave an unconscious agent so at least your game can continue, or or do you attempt to strategically resue them knowing that the gaurd numbers ar eincreasing and that they will find you eventually.Great game. If you love strategy and stealth, do not hesitate. One of the best pickups I've had in years. Updates are pretty regular, and I have had zero bugs that I am aware of. I thinkn the tea, are approaching final game stage now.   10/10"
,Recommended,243970,13719095,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Postal Bread,"With games like Don't Starve and Mark of the Ninja under their belt, I had pretty high expectations for Klei Entertainment's Invisible, Inc. and sure enough it impresses. If you've played Mark of the Ninja you probably have an idea of how well Klei handles stealth and it shines once again here in the form of turn-based gameplay, great skill/inventory progression and elaborate, procedurally generated levels that make every playthrough unique and results in high replayability.The premise is simple enough; you choose two agents at the beginning of a playthrough (and can unlock more to choose from as you play, each with their own unique loadout and abilities), pick from a list of randomized targets that offer various benefits - such as banks containing large amounts of credits to buy items with or upgrade your agents' skills, cybernetic labs to augment your agents and offer them new abilities, server farms to improve your hacking software, or even detention centers where additional agents may be held that can be freed and join your team - and do what you can to prepare for one final mission. The different targets will have varying degrees of security which increases as you complete more assignments and start to build a reputation. Along with this is an ""Alarm Level"" system that increases for each turn you spend skulking around the buildings, adding a sense of urgency to every mission and making you weigh the benefits of staying longer to gather more resources against the risk of being caught due to the rising security levels. While initially places you break into may just have basic guard patrols and easily hacked technology, eventually the targets will start to have armored guards resistant to the tools at your disposal, automated drones and turrets that can't simply be knocked out and firewalls that trigger various defenses when tapped into; it's up to you as you play to make sure you prepare accordingly for the escalating difficulty and stay one step ahead of the new obstacles put in your way.To top off the solid gameplay, Invisible also has wonderful atmospheric design. Between the music, characters and art direction this game pulls off a great near-future feel combined with espionage that really sells the setting and ""story"" despite how simple both are; you may very well find yourself basing your Agent choices not just on their utilities but who they are as characters in regards to their biographical information and personalities.Incredibly challenging and equally addictive, it's hard not to recommend this for as cheap as it is given the polish and care that's obviously gone into it. If you're looking to infiltrate high-tech facilities with informational warriors and feel the heat as you try to escape with the goods, I'm confident that Invisible, Inc. will more than meet your expectations as it did with mine."
76561198050492822,Recommended,243970,17289685,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,seasonsb,"I thought turn-based grid stealth sounded silly, but it actually works pretty well. With the number of optional things to do in each level, turns spent waiting for guards to move out of the way or your cooldowns to recharge still feel productive because you almost always have other objectives to work towards if you can't go for the final prize right away. And the combination of a constantly ticking alarm level with your most gamechanging gadgets having long cooldowns mean that even with the turn based system, you still want to carefully consider how to use each item. The biggest complaint I've heard so far is the short length of the campaign, but I did not find that to be a problem, because the game is very replayable with a decent number of different agents, items and augmentations available, many of which synergize well with certain other characters and pieces of equipment, as well as a great list of options for customizing your own campaigns with endless modes, faster alarms, sturdier guards, or any combination thereof."
76561198064414264,Recommended,243970,11832097,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Hopeless Situation Warrior,"I'm far too lazy to write a proper review, I'll just C&P somethings I already wrote in the forums.Same guys as did Don't Starve (Klei apparently).It's an isometric turn-based squad stealth game (and a very good one at that).It doesn't feel like Early Access, at least the bad kind, or rather, it feels like a full AAA game that is still getting updates, so far (e.g. think Payday 2, FTL in terms of quality since FTL is indie).It's a roguelike if you use the very open definition, in other words, it has permadeath(agents are irreplaceable and you can ""lose"" the game) and proc gen.re: proc genThe levels so far seem to be intelligently designed, like a puzzle. Haven't come across anything unbeatable yet (not counting the guy who posted the screenie of a level not possible to reach the exit, heh), but certainly difficult (Heavy blocking a vault with 2 guards inside it first mission, detention centre with 2 patrol guards and a Captain inside, double Heavy patrols, etc). I'm guessing that there's some general rules followed for placement of stuff, besides the obvious (no guards in starting room), and it seems pretty well done so far, the missions don't feel like randomness jumbled together, so good job. They feel like story missions even though they are in fact proceduraly generated. It's a bit like the generation of Binding of Isaac levels, except it feels less random than that even- I imagine it's  basically the same though, placing certain things with a small bit of patterning.re: graphics, interface, musicI can never get tired at starting a fresh level and hearing the music start up, and then looking at Internationale's animation and grumpy face, good touch :)Also the random blocks moving up and down and around in Incognita and the main game screen while playing a level. I never really paid attention to them before, but it's way better than a blank background :)While I'm here, the interface is really great too. I'm playing fullscreen and I just realised how the interface never gets in the way of anything, it's never intrusive, and even though the game is in isometric view, I never have problems seeing anything or seeing where stuff is (I do switch to incognita for a broader view sometimes), I feel like I've always got a good view of the immediate area and the whole level, and it always feels like the interface elements are invisible until I need them, since they take up so little space. I also rarely feel the need to rotate the levels at all, I've played a ton of missions and completely forgot that I could rotate with Q and E that it turned out to be a huge surprise to me.re: gameplay and balanceBoth are great, keeping more entertained than the other half dozen games I purchased recently. It's a ""hard"" game, if you're a veteran at tactical turn-based you'll probably find it easy though (at least I think it's easy once you've got the game mechanics pat down).Reccomend at base sale price Y/N: Y, if you're interested in this kind of game it's a fair deal in terms of gameplay(how much fun) & replayability(how many hours before you get bored) - or wait for an eventual sale, but either way.I have a low threshold for getting bored, I get bored by games really easy, so two thumbs up. Hope you enjoy it."
76561197963436393,Recommended,243970,16067538,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,kittensaretasty,"Like chess for people who like video games. Kind of. Great game, seriously."
76561197970415586,Recommended,243970,25777675,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,FreakWhenSee,"So I've seen a couple of negative reviews about this game revolving around the low amount of players who have managed to complete it on the extra hard difficulties.You know you are scraping the bottom of the criticism barrel when your major complaint is about Steam Achievements being hard to get.Before the Contingency Plan DLC, the highest difficulty setting was Expert and it's still only been completed by 2.5% of people. The higher difficulties than that don't change the story ending, or the actual story in anyway, so the achievement just adds a few millimeters to your e-peen.The game is superb, pick it up on sale with Contingency Plan, you won't regret it."
76561197963181046,Recommended,243970,22859576,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,bannedog,"Having (somehow) clocked up 199 hours on record in less than three months, this seems like a good moment to give this game my whole-hearted recommendation for:-- the fidelity of its stealth experience. With the exception of the final level, combat/gun battles bring in the law of diminishing returns, so your primary resources really are desks, corners, chair backs, potted plants, etc. Confrontation is ultimately unavoidable, but even then because of the escalating alert levels, ambush and misdirection work far better than firepower.- its exquisite interface. Take the classic board game template with its sense of control and overview. Randomize the 'board' each time and have it unveil itself bit by bit as you move across it (especially clever here is the way electronic devices such as consoles, cameras, safes, act as little 'beacons' within unexplored areas, helping you feel out the edges of the map). Switch between AI and agent-operator modes at the touch of a button, spin the map, and even toggle the amount of wall cut-away to keep abreast of all your options.- its emphasis on tactical gameplay. Some may disagree with me here, but I feel that there's only a limited amount of strategy involved, as procedurally-generated levels and randomized items mean you are mostly confronting unkowns. It's all about how you adapt your options to each new circumstance rather than sitting back to watch a master-plan execute itself, and this means each turn is as riveting as the last.- its high tension-low frustration ratio. Despite its crazy odds, perma-death, and fearsome difficulty at the later levels, I've never once felt the kind of exasperation that most games present when ratcheting up the challenge levels. Great pacing and balance keep this game totally absorbing even while you're failing (which is what you'll spend an awful lot of your time doing).- its charming visual design, characterisation and voice acting, which loads of other reviews have already commented on.Most of my other games are shooters, but even I can see that Invisible Inc. is what gaming can be at its best..."
,Recommended,243970,32962874,Posted: 28 June,all,Teg,"XCOM, but without the randomness.Like XCOM, you play a series of turn based tactical missions on randomised maps, with a world map and team progression that ties them together.  Missions take 1-2 hour, maps are procedurally generated, there's one main objective that gives you something useful (a super loot container, a super shop terminal, an agent to rescue, etc.), loads of other things to loot on the way, threats to avoid, and one teleporter you escape through.  There's a lot of variety to keep each mission interesting.Big difference 1)  Once you're in a mission there's no randomness. Guards follow fixed patterns; they don't teleport around until you spot them; your shots never miss (neither do theirs...), you can normally spot every surprise before it happens (peeking through doors and around corners, peeking at guard to see where they move next).  It can be challenging but it's always fair and it feels like every mission is doable if you play it right and you don't get greedy (which is really impressive given that it's procedurally generated).Big Difference 2)  Semi-ironman with the Rewind mechanic.  If you make a mistake (or just missclick, I did that a lot), you can rewind back to the start of your previous turn.  You only have limited uses per mission (3 on normal, 1 on hard, you can set it to 0), so it's not a free ticket (it's a very expensive ticket) and you can't use it to cheat RNG because there is no RNG.  I think it's a great for people like me without the time or patience for real ironman modes but do like have decisions matter.Oh, and the 2D art and animation looks beautiful.Edit: I recommend the UI Tweaks mod(http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=581951281), doesn't break achievements but does fix a few things."
,Recommended,243970,15820914,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Frghu,This game takes the vibe and setting from the original Syndicate with characterized agents out of Jagged Alliance rooted in turn-based gameplay simlar to UFO:EU but set to the tactical pacing of FTL plus stealth based mechanics in a story out of a 007 movie all wrapped together in one beautifully and brilliantly crafted art-style. Can't wait for the next release!
,Recommended,243970,26262780,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Tag Wolf,"I love it. It's worth the value. But it really needs a few new level types and art assets. Outdoor levels, parking garages, just please NO MORE STERILE METAL HALLWAYS.Give us some love, hell even give us some DLC!!!That said, I do highly recommend it. The gameplay is solid as a rock and the experience is fun. I just pray they breath new life into this the same way they did for Don't Starve."
76561197995699058,Recommended,243970,11788305,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Mojo,"Anxious to see how they continue development. Like a single player version of Spy Vs. Spy. Multiplayer would be very interesting.Invisible Inc brings a lot to the table with slow paced game play where you have to think about where to explore next, can you spend the time looking for more loot and risk more guards showing up? Do you split up your team or keep them close to work together? Hack the safe or cameras?Easy to get into, but the challenge lies in balance the experience and equipment, taking only the necessary equipment with you  so you can steal enough loot to get the next upgrade.I highly recommend this game to anyone that likes turn based strategy. The game is not easy or a walk in the park. It is not conventional in that you don't have to (and probably shouldn't) complete every level 100% before leaving it and moving to the next. This all can change with the monthly updates and I will keep this review as up to date as I can but for now I am very happy with my purchase and look forward to more play time.Edited: added more description."
76561198006621211,Recommended,243970,15872404,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,"I, Corgi","After numerous turns of dancing around the evac zone, juggling recharge clips and knocked out guards, reviving wounded comrades with med gel, hacking bots, attempting to block paths, I succeeded in safely escorting a really slow hostage out of the facility, but my best agent, Banks, got shot. We couldn't go back to save her. We failed her. I failed her. I got too greedy cracking all the safe boxes. I miss you, girl. I miss your levelled up stats and gadgets.9/10, leave me to my grief."
,Recommended,243970,12575471,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Harlack,"""Turn Based"" and “Stealth"" are not two styles you’d think go together. Then you play Invisible Inc. and feel real tension when you click the END TURN Button.One of the few Early Access games that I’m playing in anticipation of the full release.Previously Recorded - Invisible Inc. Video Review"
76561197976223300,Recommended,243970,15858275,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Murmurer,"I first played Invisible Inc. back when it was originally released in early access and loved it then. I didn't keep up with the game much during its beta development, so I was extremely surprised by the amount of quality content and polish pumped into the game for its release. I certainly have a bit of brand loyalty due to my extensive admiration of Don't Starve, but I'm under the heavy impression that Klei is one the best developers in respect to their early access protocol. Invisible Inc. certainly bolsters their track record. In fact, Klei probably fights with Amplitude for my favorite niche indie game developers. Out of my 100+ steam friends, only one other seems to have played the game, so I figure it's all the more worthwhile to try to get the name out there.Anyway, Invis Inc. is a squad-based tactical stealth game with a hacking emphasis and a beautiful cover and line-of-sight system. I hear it often referred to as ""Stealth XCOM,"" and I think that fits the bill somewhat well if you're going for a short but sweet description such as that. Otherwise, I'd say Invisible inc. is very unique for what it is. It sports decent replayability thanks to randomized layouts, rogue-like item procurement, and unlockable content for future runs, but the amount of these features certainly don't stack up to other more prominent rougue-likes such as Binding of Isaac and whatnot. I'm often reminded of old stealth-based board games while playing due to the tile-based movement and layout.The game takes place in a cyberpunk future wherein megacorporations have replaced governments and your squad of spies, fully armed with an anthropomorphic hacking supercomputer ""Incognita,"" cybernetic implants, and futuristic gadgets, fight the man pro-proletariat under their noses. Or at least, as under their nose as possible. Crisp voiceovers are  a pleasant feature considering Klei's indie nature, especially with Incognita's Hal-esque quips prodding your throughout the game with a snarky twist. A fully (and gorgeously) animated cutscene accents the beginning and end of the game, although this aspect becomes moot quite quickly in a game meant to be replayed consistently a la most games with randomized features. The ending is pretty neat though, I'll say that much. Music is great, akin to espionage titles such as Gunpoint. It gets more intense as your alarm level raises as well, which is another nice feature. Oh yeah, great art style too. The little portraits of your spies' long, Norman Rockwell-esque faces slowly animated in boredom as you pick your next action is probably my favorite part of the HUD. Jeff Agala seems to have a knack for creating distinct and appealing artistic themes for the games he's created art for.Speaking of HUD, the games does an amazing job at displaying what you need to know mechanically in order to properly make your way through the corporations with being caught. Enemy line of sight is clearly portrayed through different stylistic and color cues depending on whether you'll be hidden, slightly noticed, or clearly seen (all of which play a big part.) It's something that's changed since I played it in early access, and makes the game much, much more enjoyable. The cover system is satisfying and very well-done. It feels very rewarding to find yourself undetected inside a room otherwise completely monitored by cameras and guards. Finding out how to move undetected is easy as well, as your path in question is color coded depending on how much you'll be seen on the way (white/yellow/red.) Characters are unique and all share different roles and potential. Depending on what items you get through the game, you can build some real monsters on the way. (I'm looking at you, Nika and Sharp.) The stages and scenery also look great in a cyberpunk Deus Ex: HR kind of way.I could probably go on, but I think I've droned on enough anyway. Point is, I love this game, and I hope I see more people playing it. It deserves a bigger audience."
76561198014444295,Recommended,243970,13168311,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Dienikes 1016,"Not changing the game does not mean that excellence can't be achieved.The individual components of ""Invisible, Inc."" are not new: stealth-based gameplay, resource control, and a gameplay flow of ""your turn, their turn"".  However, the premise, and how elegantly these components come together, is nothing short of art.As the driving force of a spy organization on its last legs after some unknown infiltration, your last two agents must undertake missions around the world in a last-ditch attempt to regain capital and resources, in the form of bionic augments for your agents, buffs for your UI internet ICE program, Incognita, cool-as-the-other-side-of-the-pillow spytech, and cold hard cash for whatever else comes along.The squad at Klei seemed to have considered everything, alllowing for your agents to lure the hapless security guards out of position for them to be avoided, subdued, or removed with extreme prejudice, according to your preference as a player.  Offsetting this level of care, ""Invisible, Inc."" is BRUTAL.  One mistake, and your agents will be spotted, cornered, and removed from play with one-shot-one-kill nonchalance.From the art style, reminiscent of Nagel-gone-Tron, to the ""let's play it again"" gameplay, ""Invisible, Inc. is a masterpiece, and is one of those games that infiltrates my thoughts while I'm away from the keyboard.  Easily my frontrunner on my personal ""Game of the Year"" list, ""Invisible, Inc."" gets my highest recommendation."
,Recommended,243970,32808498,Posted: 26 June,all,bfkuashdkbsakd,mechanically i enjoyed this game way more than other games of similar style (mostly due to almost non-existent rng). very unforgiving at times but always fair. klei knows good game design.
76561197978158301,Recommended,243970,11859088,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,George,"I really am enjoying this game, the mechanics are outstanding, guards pass close enough to touch you sometimes and miss you completely as they are in a hurry to check out the door your partner just opened, a lot of fun to be had learning how to get around and what everything is, the randomization is a little rough to get used to and some missions may go completely to hell while others go without a hitch whatsoever. I'm looking forward to updates from KLei."
76561198053797376,Recommended,243970,12918743,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,August,"Invisible, Inc is a game made by the same developers of Don't Starve. Very similar to X-Com (both the futuristic setting and gameplay) but focuses more on stealth.In Invisible, Inc you break into different facilities and have to complete objectives, like stealing an item or rescuing a person. The gameplay is both complex and fun; and you really feel the tension as you're playing. Like most rougelikes it's brutal and a single mistake may lead to death, although there are ways to avoid this if you're careful. It's great at forcing you to adapt to situations and I really appreciate that.The game's still in Early Access but Klei update it every 15 days or so. I highly recommend it to fans of the stealth, rougelike and turn based genre's."
76561198002567771,Recommended,243970,14082780,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Xenus Icelon,"Early access review for 2015-1-20Invisible Inc is an stealth game with roguelike elements, an interesting setting (Can't go wrong with some cyberpunk), and procedurally generated levels that will test your skill at stealth not by making you control a spy and sneaking around yourself, but by having you command a team of agents as they sneak around.It is a somewhat unique game, as a tactical turn based stealth roguelike there is little like it. It manages to avoid the problem many stealth games appear to have, which is that every room is a puzzle to get through on its own with no relation to the rest of the mission, often with alarms cooling down after a few seconds of waiting and with oblivious guards. Invisible Inc is different. The alarm won't go down, the guards won't overlook you, and your agents aren't bulletsponges. In this game you will need to get through the whole facility and exit with your objective(Or without, if you fail it) preferably before the alarm is raised and all the guards come looking for you. To assist you in this, aside from your skilled agents, is the ability to hack into the building's security. You can take over cameras, drones, and almost everything electronic. It does stealth right - It's hard, it's lethal if you get spotted(But not impossible), and yet gentle enough that you can take risks and experiment with different tactics and builds to see how they perform and to push to the limits of your skill and the guard's vision.Beware though, if you are easily discouraged, this may not be the game for you. It takes from roguelikes and if you lose your agents, that's the end of that run. An agent who dies can be revived in the mission with expensive medi-gel, if you can get to them before the guards surround them, but if you leave without them they are lost forever(Or until you start a new game, at least) The game is harsh, but fair. If your agents get shot, they go down. If you shoot a guard, they also go down. Guards who have seen you will actively hunt for you, and if you move too slowly your presence will be detected, and the alarm raised. You may also find that if you are not prepared, you are up against much better guarded facilities than you can handle.All in all, it's very much worth a buy, offering a unique experience that will allow you to keep coming back to it. And what's more, the developpers seem to be dedicated to finishing it. On your main menu there is a countdown in days for when the next update will come around. So if you get tired, you know how long until you can get back in and explore again"
,Recommended,243970,31924280,Posted: 23 May,all,SpicyCrab,"This is literally one of the best tactics/strategy games ever made.It solves many of the issues with x-com, has near perfect balance and it brings a new brand of tactics gameplay focused on stealth instead of brute force.Additionally, the game has NO RANDOM ROLLS. You cannot miss, you cannot be punished for making the right choice, and can only fail if you make a mistake. Very rare for a tactics game, because it is very hard to balance such a system but Klei has nailed it PERFECTLY.When you go up from normal difficulty' to the harder levels the game completely changes. It doesn't just 'get harder', they don't just add more enemies, or give them more HP... they fundamentally change the balance of the game by making KOing a guard raise the alert level.This one tiny change forces the player to completely alter their strategy and approach to every encounter, forcing players to focus on 'ghosting' enemies by tailing right behind them, ducking behind corners... getting the goods without them ever even knowing you were there... when it goes right, it's like an amazing spy movie. (Going up to these difficulties changes the game from 'good' to 'FREAKING AMAZING', although it is not for the faint of heart.)Or maybe the right thing to do is actually direct one of your agents to deliberately trip a camera, bringing attention to your cause but distracting enough guards to do what you need to do and get out of there.As you gain experience, the strategy space grows and expands with you, there are a LOT of toys to play with and a ton of strategies to experiment with. The skill cap on this title is extremely high.The only rogue-lite or rogue-like I have ever beaten and then come back for more besides FTL.I can't overstate it, this is an amazing game."
,Recommended,243970,17417049,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,helanhalvan,"If xcom is commadning a military team,invisible inc is commadning a team of burglers,There are a lot of similarites, however the key differences are that your team of burglers don't want to kill anyone, or alert anyone. If you like turn based strategy, it's very good. The game kind of lacks in game modes and difficulty settings, it have endless and a campain, that are not hugely different.One thing that makes this game speciall is that all the randomness is in the map generation, there is nothing like a 20% chance that your team members will just miss.Game length is about 20-40 hours of content. More if you want to go into the insane difficulty modes, however that difficulty kind of breaks the game.Update about the DLC:The main thing the DLC adds is it makes the campain longer, and adds more things that allow for the game to scale better with the longer campain (more progression for enemies). If you liked the original game, and want more of it, the DLC is the best you can do.There are also some kind of intressing mods, but many of them really mess with the game balance."
,Recommended,243970,30231049,Posted: 27 February,all,Benkyo,"Simply one of the best single-player games I've ever played.The theme is evoked well and the mechanisms of play are finely tuned. The real genius though, lies in how the game handles mistakes. In many games failure just costs time, or you are forced to reload whenever you make a mistake. Invisibles Inc. also allows this, but it really shines when you set up a game without rewinds or reloads. Then you get to experience how good a game can really be. The perfectly executed stealthy infiltration can quickly become a deadly game of cat and mouse, and successfully pulling unconscious agents out of a botched operation is way more satisfying than a reload could ever be.Points of reference could be XCOM or the best roguelikes, like Brogue, but I think Invisibles Inc. outclasses them all.My only criticism lies with how certain equipment can make core elements of the game trivial to overcome. It's not so fun when you have a ""super agent"" able to avoid or overcome all opposition. The relatively short campaign time-frame and random item availability prevents this from becoming a significant problem though."
,Not Recommended,243970,17417999,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,yed_,"I really enjoyed their previous stealth game (Mark of the Ninja), so I was looking forward to this one.At one moment of the game the mission loop became a bit routine, so I expected there will be introduced another feature to enrich the gameplay... but instead of it the game was suddenly over, much earlier than I'd expect. It encourages you to play it again with an increased difficulty, but it's not really that compelling to play it again."
,Recommended,243970,15835391,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Dest,"One of the best stealth games I've played.Getting straight to the point, this game is basically the love child of XCOM and FTL.You will control your agents, which will have their own set of unique abilities, to get through each mission with varying objectives. Unlike XCOM, one of your highest priority isn't to eliminate the hostiles in the mission, rather you have to get in, complete the objective, then get out as quiet and efficiently possible.You will improve your agents capabilities using credits, equipment, and augments you've earned from one mission to the next, all in preparation for the big final mission à la FTL.A relatively difficult game, but once you understand the mechanics well enough and you enjoy that satisfying feeling of executing a plan flawlessly then you will love this game.PROS:-Strong mechanics-Satisfying gameplay-Huge replayability-CyberpunkCONS:-Difficulty spike for the last mission can be frustrating"
,Recommended,243970,15833439,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,如此厚颜无耻之人,"It's truly a nice game for strategy game lovers. It contains impressive story, lots of gadget and attractive levels. Turn-based gaming rule allows you needn't run in a hurry, but you still have to decide carefully what to do next. You'll feel like a real agent as the movies when playing. I really like it and have it for my brain exercising.The only disappointment part for me is that it costs a little higher than I expected, for its simple graphic elements and only 1GB disk storage. (Yep it runs fast anyway) $9.99 would fit me and I think most people would like to see a cheaper price."
,Recommended,243970,16927925,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Ben,"Turn-based stealth - what's not to like?Generally, my biggest turnoff in turn-based games is random elements, specifically in combat. XCOM was a big offender in this, and while I still enjoyed it, I found myself constantly savestating in case I missed an 80-90% shot. In Invisible Inc, however, the combat is pretty black and white - if you're seen, you have one action to retaliate (or, more realistically, get out of sight) or else you're shot. The hacking mechanic is solid, adding a unique layer of strategy and resource management.Only two minor complaints come to mind - the music isn't all that memorable and the guards are pretty often underwhelming. (So far though I've only beaten the easy campaign - in hard the alarm raises when you knock out a guard, so it looks like you have to be much more careful)"
,Recommended,243970,11787542,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Doc,"Anyone who enjoys stealth games: GET THIS GAME! Invisable, Inc. managers to combine the turn-based ""combat"" from games like XCOM and combine it with the stealth of games like Deus Ex and Splinter Cell. The game has a unique mechanic where the level of security goes up every five turns, meaning that if you take your time you may have a much harder time escaping later. This also means that you can't just wait around for the guards to move because more will show up if you take too long. Another great thing is that the guards NEVER give up searching after they see you. The bottom line is if you want a very tactical stealth game based on skill and planning and not waiting and luck, this could be the game for you. It feels very polished for an early-access game."
,Recommended,243970,15131522,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Gifty,"A masterclass in design. Every single mission, from the simplest to the riskiest, is like a small heist movie playing out in front of you. Each procedurally generated level is interesting, tense, and provides just enough wiggle room for you to barely succeed by the skin of your teeth. I was initially skeptical of the premade agents (as opposed to X-Com's randomly generated ones), but having set characters allows them to be more three-dimensional in their personality and loadout, making for thrilling combinations as different squad configurations lead to whole new strategies. The sound is excellent. The visuals are clean and striking. It's extremely difficult, yet welcoming and intuitive. It's great. Buy it."
76561198009164164,Recommended,243970,11809154,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Reaper,"This game is awesome and well worth the price if you're a fan of roguelikes and turn based isometrics. In my opinion it plays like a blend of old school xcom (line of sight mechanics, turn based gameplay, overwatching) and the first metal gear solid games where stealth is a huge part of gameplay and getting noticed by guards has dire consequences. It is not an easy game at all, however you do feel like you're getting better and learning more after every death. Saving a prisoner or stealing corporate intel and getting away without alerting guards feels so good."
,Recommended,243970,20007360,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,bier,"This is a turn based strategy game. Expect X-COM like gameplay, but without the RNG elements, the one thing that makes X-COM a bit frustrating to me. It's still a great game but missing a 80-90% shot is always annoying. Unlike X-COM EU, Invisible Inc focuses more on stealth, you should always avoid direct firefights.The art is beautiful, sound is great. Overall a very great game.Get this if you like turn based games. Especially on sale, this game is really worth it."
76561197983946931,Not Recommended,243970,11846976,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Arkrite,"*Early Access Review*I want to like this game.I want to like this game.I REALLY want to like this game!Problem is that the diffifculty curve starts at insane, there's little to no training, and even the easy missions are painfully hard.Normally in these games I'd wind up save scumming for an extended period until either I learned the tricks of the trade, or finally upgraded my characters to the point that I can handle the missions.But you're not allowed to do that in this game. You lose a guy, it's autosaved and they're gone forever. You can't save during a mission.And due to how the game is created, that being that the system builds each stage from scratch, and that you're on a time limit before bigger scarier badguys show up... well, you can't wait for patterns, sometimes the patterns don't help you, and if you go slow you die.You also die if you go fast.People who love hardcore difficulty games will love this.People who suck at them, like myself, will never complete a single stage after twenty tries.*sigh*"
76561197968126409,Not Recommended,243970,12592392,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Kulin,"I don't like this game, because the whole concept is based around stress. In every level the enemy hacks your ai and rises the alarm level every game round until there are more and more guards swarming the level. And if you take out a guard it does not raise an alarm(only if you kill a guard, the alarm level goes up) but start to search the surroundings. So this spy game is basically not about stealth but getting your mission done while being hunted by guards. And this concepts makes this game for my taste incedibly annoying. Its not about careful planning and tactics. Its more about having luck to take the right way in the beginning, dodging guards by staying out of line of sight and clicking things.I also don't like the automatically generated maps. The result is that all you do is hacking terminals, hacking cameras, hacking safes or free a prisoner. All that with a simple mouse click. Always the same, even if the levels look different. If the game is difficult then not in cause of a complex tactical situation but just because there are many auto-generated guards swarming the room you have to go through.There are most of the time no ""alternate solutions"". You can't expect more than an additional door.I was expecting a more Deus-Ex like gaming experience, with nice gadgets, more complex hacking, real stealth, alternate approaches and ways to solve a problem. Remember that game? Tons of way to get into a enemy base. Secret intel about the enemy base to collect. NPCs you could talk/force into helping you. Background information about the things you do. I also miss any kind of small story lines about the companies and enemies you rob.So... No immersion. No believable game world. Just automatically generated level where you start to get hunted by guards sooner or later while trying to find the exit."
,Recommended,243970,28288023,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Vador,"So after playing this game for quite a while, finally beating it on the highest difficulty and trying out many possible starting combinations I've got to say - this game's a blast.Procedurally generated stealth experience that is actually a stealth experience, not just sneaking around and sneak attacking enemies deliberately placed in their spots by a designer, tweaking the level so you can play through it in a ""sneaky fashion""? Damn son, that sounds like something really neat.In this game you will have to take risks, adapt to everchanging circumstances and even though the game's turn-based, you will constantly race against time, trying to optimize your every move because the clock is always ticking. Oh and there's no turning back - you only have a few rewinds for one save, so every mistake counts.Hard, innovative, unique and satisfying - and I really mean every single one of these words. If you like games that are an actual challenge and you kinda like stealth games but feel like you've never actually been given an experience that could be trurly called ""steath"", then this game is worth checking out.One of my all-time favourites, yet another shiny gem made by Klei; game's top notch in every one of its aspects.Check it out, it's really amazing.And by the way, I really recommend watching a 27min long talk called ""Designing Procedural Stealth for Invisible Inc.""; you can find it on Youtube. One of Klei's designers talks about their way of approaching the idea of making a stealth game that is actually very different on many levels from any other well known games from this genre.The stuff that this guy says in it is really, really interesting and it actually made me enjoy the game even more."
76561197970831423,Recommended,243970,15806782,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,umopus,"Really terrific.  Loads of style, intelligent gameplay, challenging, well-balanced.  Can not recommend it highly enough, especially to fans of XCOM.  I only wish the campaign was longer."
,Recommended,243970,26295559,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Masa,"Invisible, Inc. is a turn-based stealth strategy game with roguelike elements.You control a team of up to four operatives through a number of procedurally generated levels. There are several different mission types with different objectives and rewards.The core gameplay is excellent and you are pretty much forced to rely on stealth as lethal weapons are rare and weapon reloads are expensive. A single hit will kill any of your characters and the game is rather unforgiving with your mistakes. Luckily you get a limited number of rewinds to fix your errors.In addition to your operatives, you also control Incognita, an advanced artificial intelligence. Incognita can provide combat support by hacking various devices such as safes, turrets and enemy drones. This adds a nice second layer to the battles.While the gameplay itself is great, there are some design decisions that I'm not really a fan of. Most importantly, you are given a strict 72 in-game hour limit for the campaign. This only leaves you time for a pretty limited number of missions to improve your team and to prepare for the final mission.The game could have also used some more variation with the levels as they start to look rather repetitive after a while.Despite these flaws Invisible, Inc. is still a good game and I'd recommend it to any fans of stealth or turn-based games.The Contingency Plan DLC pack adds new items, agents and two extra days to the campaign. Overall I think the DLC is a good addition and I definitely enjoy the longer campaign more.The good:- Smooth UI- Gorgeous art style- Interesting game mechanics- Fun gameplay- Good variety of agents, items, and programsThe bad:- Repetitive levels- Difficulty varies a lot- Fixed time limit in the campaign"
76561198096742032,Recommended,243970,14007150,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,senkiasenswe,"This game is unforgiving, cruel, against you, angry, and rough, but that is what makes it so great. Permadeath is real. One hit kills are real. Smart guards are real. There is nothing handed to you, and on the contrary, it feels as if you are robbed from time to time. It is a little frustrating at times, but not in a bad way. The game has a learning curve to it, and, if you stick with it, once you figure out how to go about sneaking through a level without using force until it is completely necessary, the world becomes your oyster.This game is made for people who love playing chess on master difficulty. As it continues to be developed, I hope that they add more of a story line, but as for gameplay? I feel as if they have a nice foundation that will only improve as they continue working."
,Recommended,243970,16407575,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Xelrand,"This is a great game. If you take away the cool theme and graphics, it really just is a turn-based puzzle game but it's one of the best games I've played in a while. It's nice to play a game periodically that a thinking man can appreciate.9/10"
,Recommended,243970,14962145,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Star-tographer,"""Banks and Internationale stood, trapped in a corner with nowhere to hide as lights flashed red around them, and sirens began to wail. Three guards bore down on them, weapons drawn. Banks looked wistfully at the ginger hacker who had become her friend, then shook her head, reached out, and took Int's hand. ""I'll see you next go 'round."" she whispered, and jammed her custom paralyzer into her friend's arm. The frail hacker's eyes went wide with betrayal, then understanding as half a dozen bullets slammed first into Banks. then her own thin frame. She couldn't feel a thing, the injected venom had dulled her pain. She slumped to the floor next to her partner in crime, and smiled slowly. ""Next life."" she whispered, and closed her eyes.""I wasn't a fan of the six character permadeath thing at first, but it's really grown on me. Each character feels uinque, and knowing how frail and easily killed they are makes them, oddly, seem more badass. When it only takes one shot to kill you, the fact that you're breaking into a facility filled with guards and robots and (most of the time) making it out alive again feels incredibly empowering. Also it makes each characters untimely demise feel all the more painful. A few AI inconsistancies and one or two pathfinding blunders have kept this from being a perfect game, but it absolutely nails the tone and style. Heartily recomended."
76561198018351517,Recommended,243970,28837108,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Zola,"Beginner : completed. Wow the gameplay is awesome and it's really beautiful.Experienced : completed. Oh that's how how this item works! Ok I think I'm addicted.Expert : completed. Ah ok, so never KO guards when you don't absolutly have to. Nor hack bots. It changes their patrol routes, and knowing where they move is very important. I've unlocked everything, I though I would be done by then, yet I'm still playing!?Endless : day 11. Level 10 security on everymap. Guards spawn with a natural 5 armor. Still playing. Can't. write. more. have to. go. play.Expert plus completed - Endless plus completed - Time attack completed - 100% achievs completed!Edit : This is the pinacle of procedural generation. It's a masterpiece."
76561198132476688,Recommended,243970,13794166,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Alf,"Invisible Inc. is a spy/stealth/strategy game set in the near future: A dark dystopian world where a pistol magazine can hold a maximum of three bullets and ammo is so scarce that even spy agencies cannot afford to buy it; A world where cybernetic implants cost the same as tranquilizer guns; A world where CEOs of megacorporations pisses away all their money on implanting heartrate monitors into every security guard; A world where heavily guarded encrypted safes store less money than the average indie game costs...As silly as some of this may sound it is all actually well balanced and works really well. After I got over the fact that there is no simple way to buy a gun and shoot everybody I realised that right now this is one of the most interesting and innovate stealth strategy games on the market. And besides, where's the fun in a stealth game where you can simply buy a machine gun to mow down all your enemies?A lot of stealth games encourages you to stand around for ages to wait for guards to get into the right positions so that you can do whatever it was you set out to do. Invisible Inc recognises that if you were a superspy, you wouldn't be able to spend all day waiting around while the entire corporate fortress you have infiltrated goes into full lockdown mode. A superspy would move fast, take what they came for, and get out.There is a nice tension to Invisible Inc. and it really feels satisfying when your team of highly trained espionage agents move like wraiths through a building hacking systems, stealing corporate info and tech and dissapearing before the security system realises what is going on. Take too long, and the chances of your agents making it out alive becomes smaller every turn.If you like stealth games and you can deal with something that it a little tense and challenging, you should definitely buy this game. A word of warning though, this game can be really punishing and the learning curve is quite steep, so be prepared to die early on and start over a few times.My only complaint at this stage is that the game could use a little bit more content and a lot more context. The procedurally generated missions are fine, but outside of missions there is very little to do. The story mode involves you having agents on the run, infiltrating corporation after corporation in preparation for a final mission. There is an ""Endless"" mode but right now that is simply story mode again without the final mission, which means that essentially it feels and plays a bit like a survival game. It really feels like there should be a ""career"" mode (for lack of a better term) where you can systematically build your espionage agency.That said, the price is reasonable and the game is still in early access. Knowing Klei it is likely that more content will be added before and after the full release."
,Recommended,243970,11841563,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Loothur,"Since I watched the trailer I really wanted to play this game and worth waiting for!! Invisible Inc., in fact reminds a lot XCOM but with ""try not to shoot"" style make this game unique. I like so much the procedural experience and how the UI and commands are simple to get use it. Definitely a good game to check out!!"
76561198075008318,Recommended,243970,17451861,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Ashcarr,"If you like turn based and stealthy games, this one will not disappoint. It's always a balancing act of what you're willing to hack, what safes you're willing to break, and how far you'll push your agents before you decide it's time to get out.A lot of people aren't happy with the length of the game. If you play story, that may be true, but you can do custom games to play on an endless campaign and tinker with a whole suite of options.Banks was cut off from the team and was swarmed by four heavily armored guards. She ran around between two rooms for eight turns with the help of Decker revealing the guards' movements before finally slipping past them. The game creates some very intense situations and the increasing security gauge makes those intense moments.This is definitely a game with a ton of replayability with the procedurally generated maps. Definitely give this game a try, you won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,243970,12506529,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,PsymastaX,"I'm constantly amazed at how often I'm sucked into this gem of a game. Even as an early access release, the developers have done a fine job crafting the entire stealth experience. I can't count the number of times I've found my heart beating a little faster knowing that I'd just gotten myself into a terrible, terrible position that I could have avoided.While the game's difficulty is high, that's to be expected from a roguelike where you are expected to die - and die often. Yet getting back into Invisible, Inc.'s various scenarios is always a joy. There's an excellent sense of strategy in choosing your agents, your hacking programs, and then slowly amassing your own collection of gadgets and stat upgrades to help you deal with the various threats in the game. Choose wisely, and the right moves and gadgets may allow you to rescue yourself from utter defeat.And the best part? With each build update, the game just keeps getting better and better, with more things to do and more toys to play with.10/10"
76561198281701367,Recommended,243970,30248576,Posted: 28 February,all,A Cuboidal Slice of Cake,"Absolutely! One of the best games I've played. I am not good at writing reviews so I will keep it short. This is a game for people who love inventing stratagies and are patient and don't mind difficult games. There are a good selection of ""modes"" to play in for people who prefer different diffuculties. The story is pretty good but don't go in just for it. It is really just some extra butter on a nice slice of toast. You will find yourself in situations where you really need to stop and think. Your every move counts and (assuming you are not on the easiest difficulty) if you fail a mission, the whole campaign ends. It adds a layor of immense intensity to the game. Voice acting is excellent although there isn't a lot. This isn't really important but there are an equal amount of female and male agents if you are someone who cares about that. Anyway. I see people do this so I will try to do a rating thing.STORY: 3.5/5GAMEPLAY: 5/5REPLAYABILITY: 5/5VOICE ACTING: 4/5CONCEPT 5/5GRAPHICS: 4.5/5OVERALL: 4.5/5I would reccomend reading other reviews as they will be more detailed. Have a good one."
,Recommended,243970,12113445,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,OrchidSky,This roguelike is what you would get if XCOM and Splinter Cell had a baby. It has a real slick and polished feel to it--definitely recommend.
76561197971724802,Recommended,243970,28960801,Posted: 2 January,all,Pontifex Maximus,Invisible Inc.is a turn based stealth game. You choose from different missions and agents in order to gear yourself up for the final mission.The stealth in this game is awesome fun and I never would have imagined that a turn based game would have such awesome stealth. Depending on which agents you use and which implants weapons and upgrades you get you will want to handle different situations differently which means there is a lot of replayability.Customisable difficulty and game modes also really add to the replay value. There are 3 base difficulties and two extra game modes and a super ruthless difficulty (expert+). Endless for people who don't like things ending and time attack to really put the pressure on by timing your turns. Perhaps the best aspect of this though is the fact you can tweak your difficulty with a myriad of different options.THE GOOD- Randomized levels- Easy to learn- Permadeath keeps every decision tense- Challenging stealth- Different play styles- Colorful art style- Risk Vs Reward gameplay adds lots of depthTHE BAD- Unchanging story- Some random stages are way too cluttered- Enemy AI isn't the greatest8/10DISASTER | BAD | MEDIOCRE | OKAY | GOOD |GREAT| AMAZING | MASTERPIECE
,Recommended,243970,12278439,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Law Abiding Engineer,"I have only played this game for a small amount of time, and I do have a few other things to try out for it, but here is my review on the game, Invisible, Inc.First thoughts, this game is challenging and even sometimes unfair because of how hard and tricky it can be to complete the objectives, not just partially, but completely.   It is very punishing for if you make mistakes, such as not looking before entering a room, or for not closing the door behind you as you ran pass it.   However, this game is somewhat like a game of chess.  You have to think ahead, plan on what to do if certain events occur, and know when to stay down and wait, and when to be aggressive and go for the push.   With that said, this game will not do well for those who play without thinking, or jump first, look second.Gameplay:   Invisible, Inc. is a top-down isometric game that is turn-based, meaning that after you do whatever it is you do, the enemy has their turn to do whatever it is they do.   Also, this is a rogue-style game, so you will die often, and when you do, you will start from the very beginning.    In terms of mechanics, you pick to play with two agents who each have their own little niche in things.  One agent has better movement ability, so he can move farther and let others move farther too.  Another agent can scan for computers and electronics in a certain radius.  Aside from that, the agents all have their own, slightly unique, stats.  The stats are broken down to Stealth (affects movement), Inventory (storage space), Anarchy (affects stealing traits), and Hacking (affects hacking skills).   You earn money to buy upgrades.There are also items and weapons that can be used to assist you in the break-in.  These range from lethal weapons such as pistols and rifles, to non lethal weapons, such as paralyzers and target marking guns.   There are also tools to be used in helping such as an invisible cloaking device, items to instantly hack a computer or camera, or a noise distracter to draw the attention away from you.    With storage being limited, you have to think wisely about what to buy/take and what to sell or not take.Aside from tools and weapons, there are collectables to steal that will fetch a nice sum of money, an even hostages to rescue, who can help reveal more locations for you to break into.Graphics:   Just looking at the pictures on the store page should give you a good enough idea on what to expect.  IMO, the good thing about graphics like these, is that they are unique enough to give it its own style and not rely on 'super 4k HD parallax & mega bloom"" style of graphics, and thus keeps the focus on the game itself, rather than the looks.   And of course, people with weaker performing computers, can easily run this game.Sound/music:   Not many sounds or music things going on but the current sounds that are heard, are good in that they make it easy to tell what it is that is going on when you hear it, like the sound of quick loud footsteps means a target is running, instead of walking.  Or the Alert, target spotted, sound played when you get spotted.   There is very little variety, if any, music, but that keeps the atmosphere focused.  Personally, I wouldn't mind there be more styles of music, or a music style change after the guards have spotted you for the first time (kind of like how payday the heist was)Other thoughts:   This review will be updated sometime after the big big update that is set for sept. 30.   Since there are hints for new things coming, I will most likely change this if it adds more stuff to the game.  Until then, I would like to point out that this is an EA game, and it is clear that it is not complete.  What I mean by this, is that the story mode of this game, is short.  After you complete, you unlock Endless Mode.   And after playing through it a few times, there is nothing much to do.   The levels are randomly generated I believe, and that does give it a nice 'new ffel' to things, but the building tiles used for each 'unique' place, are pretty similar and it can be repetitive.    Also, being randomly generated, there are times where the AI or the setup of the guards, is just outright, impossible to counter, and usually ends up being a game where you either all die together, or one person makes a break for it, but make sure to not get spotted, or else you have one action to do before you get shot.Overall:  This is a great turn-based stealth game that has a lot of potential, and in my opinion, is an example of an EA game, done right.   Hopefully this next update will add the amount of stuff that it is showing.  Til then, I'm just going to try out new things and see how it goes."
,Recommended,243970,27797531,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Illusionary,"No other game does tension quite like Invisible, Inc.This is a turn-based tactics game, giving you control over a small number (typically 2-4 agents) and tasking you to infiltrate the premises of various rival corporations. As you do so, you build up the resources of your own corporation, be that more cash, more equipment/weapons, a larger pool of agents or new hacking software.Perhaps uniquely in its genre, Invisible, Inc., also plays like a roguelike, and it practically expects you to fail a number of your campaigns attempts before you eventually succeed; this might imply, the game can be brutally difficult at higher difficulty levels. That may be a turn-off for some, but so long as you're not too concerned about achievements, there are excellent controls to tailor that difficulty to your liking - much more than just the typical easy/normal/hard, etc.The gameplay centres around the tactical missions, which take place at two levels. First, you have the movement of your agents, moving through the levels to attempt to reach your main objective, complete the relevant task (steal an item, extract an agent, acquire personal upgrades, etc.) and get out alive. As each turn passes, the security system of the corporation you're infiltrating rises, steadily bringing online more defences, summoning more enemies and generally making your progress more challenging. Because of this, moves are a limited resource and every one feels meaningful.On top of this, you can expend power to use hacking tools - disabling or taking over obstacles, unlocking equipment caches and similar such abilities. Again, though, this power is only a very limited resource (earned in a number of ways, depending on your loadout choices), so every decision on when to use hacks feels very meaningful.  As you progress through the game, you can acquire new hacking tools, broadening their usefulness.When it comes to enemy encounters, there's no XCOM-like randomness - if you shoot, you hit - with the downside being that this applies to your enemies just the same. Making the decision to take out an enemy is, as with everything in Invisible, Inc., not something to do without thought, though - doing so will lead to that security level ticker accelerating upwards.Ultimately, every mission is a balance between how much you benefit want to try to extract against how much risk you can afford to take, and knowing when to stock pushing your luck and head for the exit is a crucial skill.I've focused so far only on the tactical encounters, but for good reason as these are the game's core. However, it's at least worthy of note there's a limited metagame overlaid over the these, allowing you the opportunity to buy new equipment with cash from missions and then to select your new mission from a number of options.I can't finish without at least a nod to the game's *superb* sense of style throughout, expertly capturing the dystopian futuristic aesthetic, and with a punchy soundtrack to boot.As I mentioned at the start, the game does expect you to play through it a number of times, which can mean that it becomes a little repetitive, but with each playthrough you unlock new options for your starting agents and loadouts - making full use of these allows the game fresh in spite of any repetitious aspects.All in all, if you're looking for a tactical game to test your skills, without ever feeling unduly unfair, and with excellent customisation, Invisible, Inc. gets my highest recommendation"
76561198110043116,Recommended,243970,22036647,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Bovine Intervention,"I am surprised how much existential angst my ""hrs on record"" stat is triggering in me.  I only have so much time left on this planet. Am I spending that time wisely?I am a middle-aged guy with a stressful job, and this is a relaxing game which challenges my intellect. It is rarely repetitive, and frequently surprising. It is well worth the money."
,Recommended,243970,15847277,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Matoro Zeliph,"This game is like DEUS EX meets XCOM! --- In fact I love Invisible Inc more than XCOM, simply because there is no dice-rolling combat, everything is abstract based!"
,Not Recommended,243970,17017309,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,falloutgod13,"It's a decent turn based game. Well made, intuitive to the experienced players in the genre.So why give it a thumbs down? Lack luster story, progression, and depth. It's short, over-hyped, and not worth the price tag. Basically I'm saying you can find something juicier for less. I was dissapointed once I realized replaybility was tethered to repetitive grind of the same concepts while unlocking more agents and upgrading them. I suppose that has appeal to some people, but so does watching paint dry, or watching the same show over and over again after the last season ran over a decade ago.To conclude, if you're looking for depth and immersion it's best sought elsewhere, because this game does not deliver. Unless you love the idea of working quality control on an assembly line this won't do anything but dissapoint you.If for whatever reason you love mind numbingly repetative gameplay then you could actually consider this review as a thumbs up, because then this is the game for you."
,Recommended,243970,15820381,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,RyylaAlder,"A turn-based strategy with a fun and exciting theme - *espionage* - and it is done well.  The ambiance is wonderful with a cool visual style, and, though the game is  quite challenging, it is not irritatingly so... or at least  makes up for it by being so crazy fun.  I would absolutely recommend this game, even to people who, like me, are generally on-the-fence about turn-based strategy games."
76561198085845512,Recommended,243970,30181297,Posted: 25 February,all,DeadEyeMaster1,"XCOM stealth simulator.Gameplay is solid, if you love XCOM, this is definitely your cake.This game could get you invest lots of time in it, very intriguing."
76561198021354513,Recommended,243970,15820599,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Radioactive_Hamster_Foot,"really good game. It's strategy is a not what you might expect a 'spy' to do, and you won't necessarily be able to be an action hero, which is quite honestly better to me. The easiest mistake to make is to not hide from doors you haven't cased and inspected for guards, by the way. I know that when I've infiltrated high security facilities in this game almost everything has gone wrong because I've forgotten about a guard I left sitting in a room at the start who heard me sprinting by."
,Recommended,243970,11828068,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Hardfoil,"After a mere 3 hours in-game, I can say without a doubt that Invisible, Inc. is an awesome piece of work. From the makers of Don't Starve (Klei Entertainment) comes a stealth game similar to all of those flash-based spy deals you used to play as a kid. This adds in beautiful artwork and voice acting, although the gameplay proved a bit klunky for the first two hours.Once I broke the learning curve and began winning six or seven missions in a row, the game continued to reward me with extra items and improved skills (no surprise there). Even for an alpha game, this is a great buy. Glad I picked it up for 25% off.UPDATE: Still a great game, but the developers seem to have thrown on a lot more mechanics than necessary. In beta, I felt that decisions tended to be simpler and less punishing."
76561198011617874,Recommended,243970,16116405,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Lone Wolf McQuade,"If you're into games with turn-based strategy like XCom and you enjoy rogue-like elements (procedurally-generated levels, random items, perma death, tough difficulty) then this game is guaranteed to satisfy you. Invisible, Inc. is highly polished, very challenging and completely addicting.Klei is becoming one of my favorite game devs. I'd rate this game a 9.5/10. Highly recommended."
76561198058023703,Recommended,243970,28472695,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,EarlGreyThatsWhy,"Invisible Inc is a triumph. If you like difficult games (though the easy mode is fair), replayable games, turn-based strategy games, or feeling like an absolute hero when you escape by the hair of your chin, you'll love this game. For being a grid-based game and able to be played on just about any computer, the production quality is very high. It's a beautiful mix of great storyline and asthetic and well-constructed, challenging, and remarkably deep content. I recommend picking up a few of the workshop mods that expand the items and agents available.One of the best games I've played on steam."
,Recommended,243970,33789194,Posted: 25 July,all,Butcher of Blaviken,"Invisible Inc is a turn-based tactical espionage game by Klei Entertainment. With this game, Klei once again proves that they are masters of the stealth genre. Every game they create is a taste of something fresh and new in its own genre and an experience that is guaranteed to be unique. They are innovative and unlike the usual developers who just take the tired and beaten approach with their game design.Invisible Inc. Pros:+Challenging and tense tactical gameplay.+Strategic and fun due to great combination of stealth and turn-based.+Beautiful art atyle.+No RNG in combat.+Procedurally generated levels.+Vast array of weapons/gadgets and characters who have unique special abilities .+Super replayability due to the two previous reasons, which allow wildly different playthroughs.+Decent story.Cons:I can't think of any (but I am not a professional reviewer either). To be honest, once I like a game, I fail to see its shortcomings.In Conclusion, a must-buy even at full price if you are a fan of turn-based."
,Recommended,243970,16381272,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,SpinGee,"PC GOTY 2015Forget Gorky 17 (or xcom) this is real turn based dealForget all steath games where you have to wait hours till guards get into right positionUltra short campaing with proceduraly generated levels is genious gameplay mechanic, it makes lot of unexpected situations.Game has enourmous replayabilty"
76561198024218344,Recommended,243970,15869261,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Gaming Raz,"My game of the year for 2015Tactical EspionageTactical: Of or pertaining to the arranging, positioning, or maneuvering of forces in contact or near contact with the enemy, so as to achieve an objective or objectives in a campaign or battle.Espionage: The practice of spying or of using spies to obtain secret information, especially regarding a government or business.I love, love, love this genre of video games and  Klei Entertainment dishes it out with style in their Spy thrillerInvisible, Inc.The game play is intense! Last round of the game I was down to three out of a six man team. I thought it was game over.Determined I played my moves right and pulled through with a heck of a come back and won the game!Very tense, very slick in many aspects. Sharp, edgy also come to mind with a lite story and an ending that will kick you in the teeth.Incognita goes Skynet.Which makes me believe there will be an Invisible, Inc. 2 or at the least some DLC and that's fine by me!Are there any down sides? Well... some might call this game short. I have no problem with that and others might proclaim the items are scarce. IMO that makes the game. Play your moves and items right and you'll be surprised at the turn out!Oh yeah, here's a tip.Close doors! All of them! Also make sure to purchase the Taurus program asap.Invisible, Inc."
76561197997764520,Recommended,243970,15816220,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Audiodragon,"This is a turn based strategy game like X-Com, but it has less options and is a little bit simpler.Does this mean the game is bad? No, it's on the contrary a great and entertaining game.It has all the excitement of a turn based strategy game minus the long 'one more turn' bogs.Plus you can't just kill everyone in sight. The game is not designed that way. You have to manage your resources (power and incapacitation) and you have to make choices and leave things behind. So the choices you make do affect your gameplay.I like this game. I'm excited about it. I want more of it."
,Recommended,243970,15818076,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,TheS0m3b0dy,Your plans go down the toilet faster than Steam's paid workshop.
,Recommended,243970,15833405,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,CmdrKitten,This game is god damn amazing and you should feel bad for reading this review instead of playing it right now.
76561198024478413,Recommended,243970,12043591,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,FWG,A very solid Early Access build. Game is made with love and style. Details:http://youtu.be/r3QSZQSoYoE
76561197993228920,Recommended,243970,11932524,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Sergeant Snuggles,"Lets get one this out of the way, this is the most frustrating, venus fly trap of a game as has ever existed and as such you should be keep that in mind when buying....A learning curve almost childs play the game draws you in with promise of riches beyond your widlest dreams and all you have to do is take them....easier said than done for this game as something you dont.. Guards, these lumbering patriots walk the walls furiosly and in some cases stare at the walls blankly awaiting your magnificient entrance. Your agents peek through the door and catch ones eye,  here he comes through the door straight into your web and slam! youve knocked him out and stolen his id card. You now have accesss to the floor and upon releasing the prisones you increase your agent count!.....this game is too easy you think strolling around the corridors without a care in the world, this will take minutes...Enter the elite garden and his clevel Daemon friends, these higher level secirty measure can quickly over power an inexperienced and cocky move and will often lead to complete team death as well as miserably ego bruising in seconds. Yes this game has it all, the suspense the thrill, jesus even the violent deaths and in my opinion what more do you need from a british agent :) Carry on Spying Chaps =D"
,Recommended,243970,15987108,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Cameron,"Invisible Inc is just incredible. At the time of writing this, I've dedicated nearly 3 days of my life playing this game (both in early access and in full release), and I don't regret a second of it. The game is fantastic, with fun gameplay and interesting characters. The story is great, and I cannot stress how amazing the final mission is.  It's incredibly intense, and by far the best mission in the game. The cutscenes could do with a bit of improving, but that's really all of the bad things I have to say.Klei say they plan on releasing DLC too, which is great, because then there's more to add to this fantastic game.9.8/10, would definitely recommend to anyone."
,Recommended,243970,12532860,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,netcoder1,"Invisible Inc is one hell of a strategy game. Every move counts. Every turn counts. Every detail in preparation, be it the equipment you choose, the mission type, security level or travel time matters. One single mistake can mean the difference between a massive reward or a botched op.The game uses an alert level system which increases at every turn, pushing the player to act before it gets too difficult. It's a little unsettling at first, especially in the beginning when agents don't have a lot of action points. But it's there for a reason: without it, there would be little challenge because of the nature of the game: it's a stealth game. Without it, you could take 300 turns to recon all point of interests and patrol routes and the game would get boring fast.The game challenges you to remain undetected as much as possible, as killing guards raises the alarm level instantly, while neutralizing them is only temporary, after which they will actively search for you.Sneaking past patrols and using cover is immensely rewarding. I've seen comments about some situations being unwinnable because of the random level generator, but that's simply not true. Every situation has a solution, but you may lack the proper preparation, strategy or equipment to win it. If that's the case, the game actually encourages you to cut your losses and head to the nearest exit. A failed mission is a lot less painful than losing an agent, since the game only has permadeath.Invisible Inc is a gem that no other game can really compare to. It's in its own league as a stealth-based turn-based strategy game."
76561197972621107,Recommended,243970,15890676,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,ferzberk,"Very strong, would recommend. With a neat, compact story, clever style, and a level up/income system that presents you with constant ""this or that"" choices, when you know you really want both, Invisible Inc presents some tight stealth game play that effectively ramps up the tension without (I think) unduly stressing the player out. Easy to turn on, easy to turn off, if you enjoyed XCOM (that is to say, nail-biting turn-based how-do-I-keep-this-guy-alive-now game play), then this will feel like a natural fit.The campaign is painfully brief, beatable in a handful of hours, and that's a pity - there's a lot more I'd like to have seen. There are a lot of nice replay options to explore (a la Don't Starve), and that's a plus, but not a complete substitute for a lengthier campaign. I can only hope that an (appropriately priced) expansion is forthcoming, as there's plenty of room to add more agents, gear, software, and opponents.This shouldn't stop you from getting the game, however, if you like careful planning, pleasant tension, and a game with style. 8/10, if only for the brevity; the game play, aesthetics (visual and audio), and campaign (such as it is) are strong."
,Recommended,243970,19070590,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Ryan Dorkoski,"Nearly everythingKleidoes is certainly worth checking out. This is no exception. I avoided this game for a long while because I typically don't like stealth-based games.Stripped of all its fancy outer covering, don't get it twisted - this is really a hardcore dungeon crawler.Invisible, Inc.is a great small squad-management roguelike game (yes, turn-based even) that has AAA polish, - yet the difficulty, addictive nature, and love of an indie title.Totally worth full price (even the DLC, from what I have played of it).Similiar toXCOM Unknownthey have created elegant controls that still leave tons of room for strategic complexity. The universe they created feels very live, and unique. You are essentially trying to steal corporate secrets (and money lol).Pros:+Beautiful artwork, and voice acting. Animation is very high quality.+Universe and characters created are very unique, and a breath of fresh air for dungeon crawlers.+Deep and complex strategy.+Simple and intuitive controls and interface (keyboard complements the mousesooonicely).+Totally addictive.Cons:-Yes, its stealth based, but don't let that turn you off.I'm loving it. If you enjoy squad-based games such asXCOMyou are sure to have a great time here."
76561198102773181,Recommended,243970,26747325,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Bluejoy,"There are three questions that you need to ask yourself if you're on the fence about buying this game1) Do you like stealth games?2) Do you like hardcore Roguelikes?3) Do you like Tactics games where you have to balance limited resources?Now, just looking at the tags listed on the game, it shouldn't come as a surprise that this game is all of those things. But you have to understand, it is those things arguably in their purest form.Most good stealth games are designed to inscentivize stealth and sneaking. Think of Deus Ex or Dishonored, or (to a lesser extent) Assassin's Creed. Those games reward you with a smoother, cleaner getaway if you are patient, meticulous, and forward-thinking, sneaking around to find out gaurd patterns, using violence only when you have to. BUT you could still play any of those games like a normal action game, mowing through enemies as you go.Invisible Inc is not like that. It is pure in its aspirations to be a stealth game. Your capacity for violence is limited, and it is usually not your best option. Knocking enemies out puts you on a clock waiting for them to wake up (unless you leave behind a teamate to babysit them and keep them knocked out). Killing enemies results in an instant increase in security as well as a small 'cleaning fee' at the end for each corpse you leave behind. So most of the time, you want to stick next to cover and stay unnoticed for as long as you can.So, again, ask yourself; do you like stealth games? If you really like being in that mindset of avoiding contact, never getting caught - if you've done pacificism runs for fun, or often find yourself trying to explore shooter maps without tipping off enemies, you'll probably love this game.This game is also a Roguelike in a pretty pure sense; the beginner level difficulty is challenging but fair, and a very good way to get used to the mechanics and the characters. Everything past that is extremely difficult, and you have to go in expecting to fail often. Like in other more recent roguelikes, such as FTL or Binding of Isaac, there is unlockable content that you get a closer crack at with each failed attempt, so losing doesn't hit as hard, Also keep in mind, the beginner mode is lots of fun and still plenty challenging without having punishing difficulty. So, if maybe hard-as-nails-roguelikes aren't really your thing, you can still get at least 15 hours out of this game replaying story mode and trying out all the unlockable characters. Each playthrough is different, and the more you play, the more you learn interesting tricks or combos. You can unlock basically everything playing on beginner, so don't feel like you'd be missing outif you don't dip into the deep end. But if you honestly ENJOY getting spanked by a game, then I think this is really up your alley.Lastly, I asked you if you like tactics games where your resources are limited and your decisions matter. Think of games like X-com or Banner saga - on missions, your characters are each finely honed tools, with their own limited bag of tricks. Maybe you have to keep track of your Ammo. Maybe you have to keep track of your Power level. Maybe you have to keep track of how close they are to eachother. The many different items and characters allow for many different playstyles, but while on a mission, you will be juggling something, making tactical decisions and taking educated risks based on what and who you have. Then, in between missions, you're deciding how to spend (or save) your money, how to distribute items, and what missions to go on, with missions having varying enemy types based on where they are, varying loot based on what your aiming for, and each taking a certain amount of time out of a limited clock of time before the final mission. Suffice it to say, you have a lot of decisions to make, and all of them matter.For me, this game is perfect. I answer an emphatic YES to all of these questions, and all of the games that I just compared this one to more or less make up my 'best of' list of games. This is a synthesis of all the things I really like in games right now. However, I recognize that I am an audience of one, and not everybody likes the same things I do. So ask yourself those questions, and if it looks like a yes on all fronts I would heartily suggest you buy this game."
,Recommended,243970,13661575,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,jericho,"really good, a must-buy if you enjoy stealth and turn-based gamesit's in early access too, so new content gets added with each patch (which are pretty frequent if you follow them)"
,Recommended,243970,13928172,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Sharpiez,"By far the most complete Early Access game I've played. Took about 2 hours to play through the easy mode story. It shares a lot of features with traditional rogue-likes (perma-death, procedurally generated levels) and turn-based games like x-com (action points, overwatch abilities) those two things blended with the stealth aspect make the game perfect for me. The alarm stages must have been toned down since the complaints I heard, while they add more guards, I always felt they ramped it up nice and slowly. I never felt like the game was pushing me through the level, but the alarm stages helped pile more danger onto things when you messed up.Can't wait to go through it again on the normal/ironman modes with all the new agents."
,Recommended,243970,13970666,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Multiplex10,"Beautiful game, great mechanics that lift a few ideas from X-Com and one-ups them. This does not feel like an Early Access game AT ALL. It's polished, slick, and FUN. I kind of wish it would be slightly kinder to those of us who don't particularly care for roguelikes (the inability to save and load a game like less ""hardcore"" games is not fun for me), but a lot of people seem to love that stuff.Anyway. Get this game."
,Recommended,243970,13891088,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Is That A Pro Genji?,"Fascinating little game from Klei, the creators of Don't Starve, with a beautiful cyberpunk/espionage style that instantly had me buying. The game still feels barebones and needs plenty of improvements, but the partial content so far is impressive.What stands out positively is its stylish hand-drawn artstyle along with decent UI and gameplay. The characters and their personalities are fun as well, but I can't help but to hope for a little more interesting & diverse cast by the time the game is published. Or perhaps to learn a little more about them in-game as the intro text is all the description you will ever get on both the characters and the world they live in.In terms of gameplay, like in most rogue-like & perma-death genre games, there is a steep learning curve and while it is entertaining, levels can quickly become devastating. It offers a very tense, challenging experience but I wish there was more context for some of the game's attributes, such as the passive ""alarm level"" timebomb or the purpose of ""reputation.""I'll have to add more when newer builds get released, but I think this has the opportunity to become a brilliant game & I hope it suceeds. Good luck klei!"
,Recommended,243970,17421763,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Auzette,"This game trumps all others in the Spy department category. While I would have loved a true campaign (or a series of campaigns) that led me build up the characters in a more RPG style affair, I'm still impressed that the designers have made a short campaign that is vastly replayable and unique in classic FTL style.At its current sale, it's near criminal *not* to buy it. It's worth 4X the cost."
,Recommended,243970,17428651,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,burningmime,"Just started playing this and boy is it inventive. The best part about is that while the levels are randomly generated, there's no randomness in it. If you go take someone down you know 100% of the time that it will work. So if you screw up, it's your fault. This level of feedback really makes the game feel more strategic compared to similar turn-based strategy games (ie XCOM) -- you're in complete control of your destiny.It can be hard -- REALLY hard at times, and often feels a bit more like a dynamic puzzle game than a strategy game. If having to think scares you off, this isn't the game for you. If you love thinking, then get invisible."
76561198024734347,Recommended,243970,30436318,Posted: 10 March,all,Andrius,"Great game. The game benefits from repeated plays and the numerous game modes such as ENDLESS where you try your darnest to avoid FRACTAL 2.0 as long as possible.  In a way, this game does rogue-like better than XCOM or Darkest Dungeon given that you always have a time limit - the main story you have 72 hours to do what you need to do; Endless has the ever-increasing difficulty where you will get HOSED if you are not prepared for the long haul by Day Six or so. You are always under time pressure and money pressure.Expect a great game with wonderful mechanics and enough items/agents/augments to keep you playing and trying new things. The DLC is also great, namely for the story missions (The Research Lab, the Forge). The Steam Workshop has a few dedicated modders who provide great stuff (the 4 extra agents added so much replayability to this game when I was starting to wonder if I had any reason to run something other than Internationale/Nika every game.)Lastly, yes, this is a stealth game. BUT. You owe it to yourself to embrace the lethal weapons and fire bullets when you need to. The game tells you that lethal weapons are rare. It tells you that reloads are expensive. It has the alarm level rise a ton on deaths. Buy a Flurry Gun. Give it to Nika. Disable enemy heart monitors. Enjoy the carnage."
76561198016154709,Recommended,243970,16385833,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Maniacal Maledictor,Exceptional. The best rouge like I've played since FTL. Hard enogh to make success mean something but not so much that you can't beat your first campaign.  9/10.
,Recommended,243970,23778533,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Mrwinnerguy!,"I've only played this game for a short time, but I can already tell this is my cup of tea. Encounters are tense, beginner mode is fair, but without the crutches it provides, I can tell this game is gonna be much more difficult later on. I'm having a blast playing it so far. Highly recommended for fans of FTL and X-COM."
76561197971133280,Recommended,243970,15850437,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Dirtyshadow,"Turned based rogue-like stealth game as you run around secure complexes hacking computers, stealing stuff and zapping guards with stun guns.... what not to love."
76561197975095539,Recommended,243970,15850650,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Iniquitous_dodo,"Incredible game. Very similar to Jullian Gollop's Ghost Recon Shadow Wars, in that you control a small group of people exploring a large base and escape to exit point."
,Not Recommended,243970,20100618,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,hitt.william,"Please note that this game is much more complex than Shadowrun, XCOM, or many other turn-based strategy titles.  There is consistently much more to manage in-game.  It proved a little too much for me.  In addition, sometimes the procedurally-generated levels seem a little uninspired.  Lastly, the game expects you to play through multiple times, and perhaps to fail on at least one of these playthroughs.  However, when you fail, you unlock a few more options for the next go-around.  I would much much prefer simply a longer campaign, rather than retreading the same story notes over and over."
76561198032822686,Not Recommended,243970,15859359,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,gotalive,"Its fun and has a decent story but its very short .Defintely no Mark of the Ninja they are betting on replay, but when you beat it and they say the challange just begins there is nothing new to the short and incomplete story. I was thinking the end of the game was then end of chapter one, its set up for a awesome sequel.real fun but 10 dollars fun not 20 bucks"
76561197983263699,Recommended,243970,16719782,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,QbeX,"Turn based tasing simulator.Stylish audio visuals, charming writing and tense gameplay, the best KLEI game yet.Highly recommended"
76561198045952439,Recommended,243970,12001230,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Peregrin Took,"Fantastically envisioned turn-based stealth game with great tension, aesthetics, and deep mechanics that are satisfying to master. However, it requires a very different mindset from games like XCOM:EU- neither slowly inching your way through a level nor an all-out offense will get you very far. I definitely don't regret buying this in Early Access, and Klei is very open with Invisible Inc's community. Looking forward to this game's future."
,Recommended,243970,12913663,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Dire Goblin,"Invicible, Inc. is what would happen if shadowrunners didn't bring explosives on their runs. Lots of sneaking around, tricking guards, hacking cameras and busting safes... And then it inevitably goes FUBAR and devolves into a chase or a gunfight."
,Recommended,243970,12909237,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Wakanye West,"This game is a tactical steal-em-up set in the not-too-distant future. Similar to XCOM, if XCOM soldiers went down in one hit. This game is brutal. Good thing your agents have 360 degree vision, near-perfect information on enemy vision, and never miss a shot. Feel free to take your time planning your turn - you're going to need it, operator.The good:Replayability - levels are procedurally generated, with up to four possible flavors depending on which corporation you infiltrate. Players can unlock tons of agents and programs (and discover many more) so you can try out lots of different combinations.Risk vs reward - what you get out of a level depends on what you put into it. You can play cautiously, staying out of sight, only taking what won't be missed, or you can play balls to the wall, taking out guards left and right, stealing everything that's not bolted to the mainframe.Information - the game allows you to gather information to make a perfect move (or take a calculated risk), and you get to sit back and watch like an evil genius as guards stumble past your hiding places.The bad:Simple mistakes - there's a lot to keep in mind in Invisible, and some of the ones that will bite you in the♥♥♥♥♥are the most tedious to keep track of. Don't forget to activate Fusion! Don't forget to close doors behind you! Don't forget to hack before the firewalls go up! Etc.Procedural irritation - sometimes the level just hands you a plate of♥♥♥♥♥♥Shopcat - what a♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561197968838589,Recommended,243970,17419406,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Random Casualty,Invisible Inc starts off at a good difficulty and ramps up as far as you can go. Really good replay value. The game is very chess like in how you have to consider your moves and think ahead. And very much not like chess in that you don't know where all the enemy peices are.
,Recommended,243970,31782378,Posted: 15 May,all,OutdoorPlumbing,I have thoroughly enjoyed dumping 80+ hours into a stealthy campaign-driven strategy game with rogue like elements.
76561198005208684,Recommended,243970,19967076,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,GM Janus,"I gotta say, I have fallen in love with this game, even though I suspect I am not terribly good at it.  It's stealth-cyberpunk action speaks heavily to an old Shadowrun RPG fan like me, and I often find myself agonizing over choices that all seem good, but which will affect my game in very different ways.I have fun playing with different combinations of agents & AI hacking programs, as well as trying to find that sweet spot of strategy where I am not a jack of all trades but also have not specialized myself into a corner.The continued dev support is much appreciated, and I hope more DLC will be made in the future."
76561197995859672,Recommended,243970,16143898,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Breeze,"Best. Game. Ever.If you like turn-based single player tactical games, this one is a must. The game play is smart, there is high replayability, the voice scripting and acting is first rate, the music is atmospheric, the graphics are great.  Game play is easy to grasp but the game is tough. The one thing I would change about this game is the balance. The difficulty level amps up quickly and it makes overall game play short. Just about the time that you have accumulated enough augments or toys to make play interesting, and become attached to your agents, the game becomes unwinnable. But then you can just start again . . . because each time through is different."
,Recommended,243970,18138314,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Disastrous Impact,"Dangerously addictive.Invisible Inc, is what you get if you take- sneaking of the early days of Splinter Cell- cleaned up UI of the new XCOM (anno 201x)and throw in a high level gambling ..."
76561198220223668,Recommended,243970,30987447,Posted: 6 April,all,jamestkirk83,"Very cool tactics strategy game with tons of style. The art direction is really, really on point...the character designs are soooo good. I want to see Genndy Tartakovsky turn this into a series for Adult Swim. As for the gameplay itself, it reminded me a lot of Commandos, XCOM, and other PC strategy games from the 90s, with an extra dash of polish and flavor. It's pretty difficult at times and can be kind of maddening, especially in those stages where you have to find one specific item. The only problem is that things can get a little repetitive. There aren't many mission types, so you end up doing the same thing over and over. You'll get bored kind of quickly. I hope that you like shutting down security cams and knocking out guards, because that's going to happen a lot. The Contingency Plan DLC adds in some twists and a few new agents, but it doesn't drastically change things.Despite the game's repetitive nature, I'm still going to recommend it. The core gameplay is just classic, and it brought back great memories of gaming in the 90s. The art style is fantastic and it's really nice to look at (the cinemas are also excellent, and the voice acting is flawless). Just realize that it gets repetitive pretty quickly and is also kind of short for the price. Buy it on sale and you'll be happy. I picked this up last Black Friday for 10 bucks, the DLC included, and that seemed fair to me."
,Recommended,243970,17423914,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Peter,"Invisible Inc. delivers on what it promises. This game has genuine strategic depth, with an epic array of ways to get corporate theft done. There are still so many tactics that I still haven't employed yet, and I've beaten (and lost) the game multiple times. Investment is a necessity, but also a significant risk- if your agent dies, all that precious money spent upgrading his stats goes with him. In this game, everything has a cost. You must weigh your decisions, execute elaborate stealth tactics and balance survival with greed. Are you ready?"
,Recommended,243970,12955138,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Fidelfc,"Klei did an amazing job with Don't Starve, in early access and post launch. In fact, if no one warn, you can easily play this game and think it's finished, this is Klei quality, my friends. Klei promissed that don't starve would receive 6 months of free updates post launch, and they did it, this is why i trust this company.Nice visuals, very intense gameplay, this game will make you really tense. While some call this the ""Stealth X-Com"", i find this very wrong, why? X-Com requires strategy AND luck- LOTS of luck-, IC it's pure strategy and nerves, think right, and the game will reward you, but make no mistake, this is a very hard game, it would be better to call this the ""Stealth Frozen Synapse"".Klei did right again, and with so many games abusing the Early Access system, it's good to know that are good developers out there."
,Recommended,243970,13556019,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,heegrimm,"I wanted to see what Klei was up to after Mark Of the Ninja. Boy, and is that something. This Early Access title updates regularly and it's always very rewarding. I tried it out in the very beginning when it had just entered Early Access and it was promising. A few months in and it's turning into something very, very awesome. Even in development, as it is, I reccomend you support the title and give it a spin. You won't regret it!"
76561198034741841,Recommended,243970,15101774,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,cents_deaf,"Woooooah man. I'm usually not down with the sneaky-sneaks, but this one has got me hooked. Looking forward to more content, but as others have said: I'd believe you if you said this was a finished product. Visuals are clean, and the audio is second-to-none."
,Recommended,243970,17736225,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,holdmykidney,"I love this game more than I have time to explain. In fairness, turn-based anything is my favourite game style, but this game  puts that formula to one of the best uses I've ever played.The game offers so many different way to feel an utter thrill. Getting through a level virtually undetected having raided almost everything there is to grab is a joy. Tripping alarms, creating a seemingly impossible situation and still getting all your agents out without missing an objective is pure refined joy. Never has a stealth game felt so satisfying.It's also one of the best randomly generated games I've encountered.  Invisible Inc. does a great job of using a library of fairly simple rooms and rules to create endless variety and only rarely creates a set of rooms which seem unfair or unwieldy. The rogue-like template for this game is perfect, tailoring the experience to regular restarts and false beginnings.There are a few gripes I have: there are some inconsistent rules. Sometimes a character can move diagonally for 1AP and sometimes it costs 2AP. I can't figure out why this is. Also (and I'm using the character with the Holo-camouflage) Prism sometimes gets unmasked when a guard walks past and other times not. One time she got revealed while standing in the stealth spot behind a door when the guard was in the doorway. Additionally, it's annoying that guards react to the presence of a downed agent every time they re-enter a room. Surely if a guard has seen a body already, it's no surprise the second time? It makes it hard to predict guard movement in rooms with a lot of bodies. A few more filters to view layout would be nice too, as sometime there are so many floating icons and bits of information it's hard to actually see the state of a tile or select it.Also, I was shocked that on the tutorial difficulty the end of the game can be reached and revealed so quickly. The game has a nice plot and it's a pity that the end is blown after a first 5-hour playthrough. Admittedly, the great value of this game is the endless replayability and ongoing challenge (I just skip the plot sections now) but I would have liked the big ending to be saved for the higher difficulties, or if there were different outcomes for different tiers.But those minor issues are almost nothing in comparison to the fun and endless free choice this game offers. No two playthroughs are the same, with reconfiguration of agents, items and cyberspace hacking tools. For reference my favourite combo is Dr Xu (file) with Prism (archive) with Dynamo and Parasite tools. Those are a great combination which stack abilities well together - I just have to remember not to be too blase with Prism's holodisguise.One of the best turn-based games ever made and one of the most satisfying stealth adventures, too."
76561198062048863,Recommended,243970,15940154,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Shadow,"Thrilling from beginning to end, Invisible Inc. rewards inventiveness, foresight and careful planning with thoroughly satisfying victories. The emergent, ever-changing circumstances combine with a myriad of gameplay elements during missions to produce memorable situations, heroic escapes and tragic deaths.The game's short yet highly replayable campaigns can be doomed by certain mistakes, and while the random map generation might occasionally make missions harder, the ultimate result comes entirely from the player's actions. A solid plan can provide enough battlefield control to put a team through seemingly impossible scenarios.Stealth is always the best option, it's immensely fun and doesn't devolve into mindless action the moment agents are spotted. Unless part of an intricate plan, detection leads to a frantic revision of strategy and securing a escape route becomes paramount. The enemy corporations always have the upper hand in the event of a direct fight, which coupled with the ever-rising alert levels encourage the player to be quick and sometimes bold to outwit their adversaries.Overall, Invisible Inc. offers an unparalleled turn-based strategy experience and possibly the best stealth gameplay in the history of videogames. Definitely a strong Game of the Year candidate and a steal at 20 dollars.Buy it now and gear up, Operator! You're in for a wild ride."
76561198050750953,Recommended,243970,29386228,Posted: 20 January,all,Cosmic,"You are a team of half-machine secret agent ninjas teleporting into buildings and stealing everyone's stuff without being seen. This is what all stealth games should be.A bold move by Klei, the king of bold moves in videogames, this is an isometric turn-based PvE cyberspy simulator, and it goes much better than you'd think. It's 2074 and government has been replaced by evil supercorporations, so your targets are one of four of them who own all the credits and shiny plasma guns.Gameplay consists of ninja-ing around buildings, predicting guard patrols, stealing items, hacking mainframe devices to use to your advantage, and trying not to get annihilated by the constant barrage of unforseen threats. A lot of this game's fun lies in getting ♥♥♥♥ed over halfway through a mission and having to dig yourself out, i.e., getting spotted by an unnoticed guard and alerting the whole building, security daemons that give you negative status effects, or just being an idiot and having no way to undo your mistake (You get 1-5 rewinds depending on difficulty). Invisible Inc. does not forgive, and I'm glad it doesn't, because then the missions wouldn't be mind-shatteringly tense to play, and incredibly rewarding to beat.As per Klei, the art direction is beautiful. The bloom from glowing hallways, the stylised futuristic theme, and the subtle screen effects, like distortion when activating Incognita (Hacker mode) make for an incredibly nice game to look at, admire, admire too hard, die, and admire the game over screen. The game over screen is also beautiful, because it along with the mission report gives you a plethora of information on how you were the most unprofessional spy agency on the planet. Another lovely thing about the levels is the tantalising prospect of the perfect run: nobody sees you, you loot every safe, hack every camera, complete the objective, and leave before anyone even realises you were there. This is a rare occurrence, but when it happens, it's like thunderous applause from every human being on Earth.The soundtrack... the soundtrack. It's exquisite. It's everything I could've ever asked for from this theme. The music ramps up gradually as security tightens, going from foreboding background strings to ""Everything is insanity and red flashing alarms and on fire"". It adds SO much to the game. Just - just listen to it. Go and look it up. It's masterful.£15 to be a cyberninja. Yes, Klei, that will do."
76561198126289351,Recommended,243970,15868085,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Cyber Helix,"Klei Entertainment is turning out to be a company that is very hard to be disappointed by. Mark of the Ninja was a brilliant blend of platforming and stealth, and we're all familiar with the great survival game that Don't Starve is (even if you're like me and only know anything about that game because everyone you know seems to play it). Klei has given us another stealth game, except this time it's a cyberpunk turn-based game with a hint of strategy, and it has the be the best combination of those things I've played since Syndicate.You've got your standard cyberpunk themes in this game; giant megacorporations that rule the world, cybernetics, and everything including the coffee maker being hooked up to the internet. That last part is particularly important to you, because one of your most important tools in this game is an AI called Incognita who you will use to deal with the enhanced security you would be expect in a cyberpunk setting. Cameras? Hack them. Safes full of corporate goodies? Hack them. Menacing turret in the center of a room with four guards? You could hack it, but it might be a bad idea, as enemies usually have heart monitors that raise the alarm when you kill them. Doesn't mean you can't knock them out with your futuristic stun gun, though!Gameplay is fun and decently challenging, with the game never putting you in an outright impossible situation. Levels are procedurally generated,with often fantastic results, striking a good balance between obstacles and things that can help the player. The player navigates these levels with a team of up to four agents, though is limited to two at the beginning of every campaign. All campaigns have the same plot, but can vary based on which difficulty is chosen and the luck of the player with level generation. Completing a campaign, regardless of win or loss, rewards the player with experience, which unlocks more agents and hacking tools to choose from at the beginning of a campaign. With so many ways to start a campaign and so many ways a campaign can go, the game has tremendous replayability.The story is rather nice for what the game is. The game is actually fairly short, with most of the potential to steal your time coming from doing multiple playthroughs. Thus, there really isn't that much space for a story to fill, but it uses that space very efficiently. The game establishes its setting very well, and the player will have a good feel for the game world after one or two playthroughs. That said, there may be a few holes you won't fill in on your first playthrough, and characterization of the agents you have access to takes a few playthroughs to be truly complete. But at least every agent is unique in some way or another, both in story and gameplay. The plot itself isn't anything award-winning, but it will keep you interested and you'll love how it ends (No spoilers!).The graphics are nice, though it definitely took a cue from the style of Mark of the Ninja. The UI is great, and the player is given multiple ways to view and assess a situation.The music is nice to listen to, and every sound effect sounds just right (Something is really satisfying about hearing my agents tase the crap out of a guard).  Everything compliments each other very well, and it definitely adds to that stealthy feel.I actually can't find anything big to complain about with this game. It's been finished and polished very well, and I haven't seen any bugs or glitches on my end. The biggest problem in the game is that as a consequence of the level generation, security is occasionally placed in nonsensical locations with strange schedules, such as a guard that spends the entire level staring at a blank wall, and that's a really small problem. The game is terrific on every front, and in my opinion it's definitely a game that money is well-spent on. This is definitely a game that belongs in the library of any true stealth game fan."
,Recommended,243970,11958989,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Hugi,"I really dislike Early Access, this -- is amazing.All the genres i love, nicely mixed."
,Recommended,243970,11792641,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,IvanCriativ,It's like chess. Only it's not! :)Рекомендую! :)
76561198036142874,Recommended,243970,34522037,Posted: 26 August,all,Clockwork Shotgun,"This game is incredible.And by incredible, I mean you will be screaming in terror when you realize you're out of rewinds, that agent you just maxed out stat-wise is sitting at gunpoint and you can't get them out in time, they run into cover but they're trapped, there's nowhere to go...It's incredibly tactical, incredibly fun, with incredible replayability. My current endless run is at 10 days, and goddamn did I WORK for that number."
,Recommended,243970,11838166,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Varius,"Invisible Inc. is a fantastic game from the same team that brought us Mark of the Ninja. The turn based style works amazingly well with the corporate espionage theme. Take one part XCOM, add a bit of Metal Gear Solid style stealth, and add a rogue-like element, and you have this game. Absolutely recommend 100%, this sub-$20 game is more than worth its price."
,Recommended,243970,24192115,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Loscil,"My hours alone can tell you how fun and entertaining this game is. Nowadays, there are so few games with cost-fun ratio that is unbelieveable, but this one is one of the very few gems. Honestly, just get it. I've had more fun with this one than with the bloackbuster titles out there that don't have this much depth and customization."
,Recommended,243970,26690315,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,[SQ]Noname,"I was sceptical before I bought this game, because I am not particularly a fan of turn-based strategy. But Klei managed to produce yet another great game, which seems to avoid all the usual weak points of turn-based strategy.There are no random, chance-based damage numbers or critical hit modifiers. The gameplay is deterministic - for any action you take you know exactly what will happen, so you can precisely plan each turn. That doesn't mean there are no random events however, and the solid procedural level generation makes for a great replayability.That together with the great artwork and soundtrack makes it a must-buy."
,Recommended,243970,15844265,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Junta,"A cool turn-based tactics where prime focus is on stealth. Even more - killing enemies is both hard to do and is punishable by missions becoming more difficult faster.Game plays in a form of campaign set on an X-Comish world map where missions are randomly generated (as well as maps they take place at) and each corporation you fight has its own unique set of guards. You are racing against a clock to get more agents, make them more skillful and get better equipment before the final mission which puts a progress you've made to the test.Missions have you sneak your agents to the objectives, avoid guards (as knocking them out is only a very temporary solution and can be hazardous to your progress if discovered), use gadgets to get out of sticky situations and hack into systems to turn odds into your favor. The clock however is ticking even there, making the game harder by the minute and your mistakes only speed it up. There's only 1 saveslot per campaign but you can rewind to a previous turn where you were out of danger - albeit only a limited number of times.What makes the game even better and replayable is the ability to customize the campaign as you see fit - from a tough race against the clock to a more ""classic"" stealth gameplay where you proceed at your own pace and alarm level is raised only when you make mistakes punishing you with the greater difficulty increase instead. Even more - you can just set time limit to endless and do missions until you are tired with the current agency.When you finish campaign you also unlock more agents and hacking programs letting you customize campaigns even further.Saying all that the game is not very deep and one average-timed playthrough is enough to find and learn everything, however it's probably one of a 'turn-based stealth' kind thus far."
76561198052835313,Recommended,243970,25435447,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Rolfitude,"Invisible, Inc. is one of the best-designed games I've ever played.  I am thrilled and challenged by its turn-based stealth combat. I don't see myself exhausting its many possibilities for a long time due to its massive replayability.In the game you control several agents trying to infiltrate a corporate black site.  As opposed to many games with stealth elements, you don't usually having the option of just going in and shooting everybody.  You are fragile and outnumbered, and your arsenal of weapons (especially lethal weapons) is quite restricted.  Instead, your most robust tools are your ability to hide using the generous cover system and your ability to observe the situation and plan ahead.  (Not to belittle the variety of equipment and hacking tools you can use to get an edge) You can spend action points to peek around corners and to predict enemy movements, and in the end form plans to get yourself out of extremely dangerous situations.However, the game is quite challenging because your strong tactical options in the short-term coexist with long-term strategic pressures.  In Invisible, Inc. the ticking alarm counter means you can neither act too slowly or too quickly.  Ghosting through the level entirely undetected reduces the chance you'll be caught in the short run, but in the long run taking too long means enforcer spawns that home in on your position.  Similarly, getting all of the loot scattered across a level takes precious time and thus accrues additional risk.  However, missing out on that loot just means you're that much less prepared for the endgame.The game is procedurally-generated, meaning that no two levels will ever be the same. On the campaign-level, you have some control over your initial starting agents and hacking tools (these get unlocked by finishing campaigns even if you lose).   However, most of your team's capabilities rely on assets acquired either in the randomly-generated stores or the mission objectives.  This randomness means you have to adapt to the options presented.  The only thing that is always fixed is the objectives for the first and last level (I haven't played the DLC level which I think is also fixed), and the plot.  The developers have included quite a few options for custom campaign difficulty, so you have quite a bit of freedom to adjust certain gameplay elements to your desires.I have seen some criticism for the fact that the game's story is short and is the same every time, but I'm happy with the length of a campaign and do not think that a procedurally-generated story would be possible with the same level of polish.  At the end of the day, I value the gameplay over other all considerations.  I will note that the game looks great while still running well on my aging laptop.  Overall, I feel this game was an excellent purchase and would recommend it to anyone looking for an engaging (if sometimes stressful) turn-based game."
76561197993726987,Recommended,243970,34783330,Posted: 6 September,all,Weirleader,"I don't write many reviews, but this deserves one.  I've only played for a few days, but I'm seriously impressed with the balanced challenge (not too hard, not to easy), the variety of play styles supported (upgradeable gear, programs, weapons), and the way I've already had several very memorable missions where I was able to just barely escape from the clutches of security.  There is a great feeling of success when you can stealth your way past guards, steal victory from defeat, and sometimes hide practically in plain sight.Of course, the 'rewind' ability helps, but the fact that you're limited to 5 rewinds per mission (and only one turn each) gives you enough leeway to recover from a mistake without turning the entire game into a cake-walk.  Looking forward to many play-throughs!  (Oh, and the fact that missions are procedurally generated means I'll have just as much fun the second time around)"
,Recommended,243970,25235656,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Argeon,"Talk about a game with good design and heart, because Invisible, Inc. is exactly that: a combination of engaging gameplaying and lovable design.This is a game that I bought and never played because I shrugged it off as ""meh, it looks like another slightly above average indie game"", but I was very, VERY wrong. If you enjoyed XCOM and were looking for a similar game but with a stealth, Cold War twist, then this game might just befor you:WHAT'S GOOD ABOUT THIS GAME?GAMEPLAY- Invisible, Inc. plays much like XCOM - it is turn-based, isometric, and relies heavily on tactics and positioning. There are some five different mission structures, and it is not easy to complete the levels perfectly (let alone at all, somtimes). Every map is randomly generated, so every playthrough is guaranteed to be fresh and exciting. 10/10 for this aspect, truly.ARTSTYLE- Much like Dungeon of the Endless had it's unique style and art, Invisible, Inc. also grabs and holds on to it's Cold War identity. The characters, maps, global map, and weapons look like something out of an old movie, and the transitional art in-between levels is gorgeous.VOICE ACTING- Monst3r takes the cake, but the voice acting in this game is top-notch. Nothing amateur here.SOUNDTRACK- The music and sound effects in this game are stellar. I found myself sometimes pausing youtube and just engaging myself in what the game had to offer. Some of it is pretty spooky and quiet, but it's really well-done.WHAT'S MEDIOCRE ABOUT THIS GAME?TUTORIAL- The only ""not good thing"" to this game is that occasionally you get confused on the mechanics, when do guards see/hear you, how to obtain neccessary items, etc. that you unfortunately discover with failure most of the time. If the tutorial was a little more thorough, this would not be an issue.WHAT'S BAD ABOUT THIS GAME?NOTHING- I have absolutely no quarrels with this game. It delivers everything it promises and does not disappoint.This game is the king, and if you are even mildly interested in anything I said or liked XCOM-esque in the past, immediately purchase this title at full price, and consider even going for the Contingency Plan DLC. I'm kicking myself for not having started playing this earlier, and I do not want you to repeat my mistake.9/10"
76561198144125800,Recommended,243970,11791136,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,catweaselcrow,"Firstly, this game is hard. It will take your lunch money and laugh in your face.As you go through levels, the variety of enemies, equipment etc ramps up, and each level is never the same.You are always ""against the clock"", as new guards and defence mechanisms spawn as the alarm level rises.Experience points gained in-game unlock new agents and hacking programs that can be selected in future games.Even as an early-access, the game is very solid, and Klei have promised monthly updates, introducing new content each update, as well as the expected bug fixes and balance tweaks. Klei have a solid history in this regard - they support their products well.If you want ""challenging"", a game that makes you think about every move, which you can't just roflstomp levels, then this is definitely worth a look.Just watch out for the Daemons...."
,Recommended,243970,24003833,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Cinetyk,"In short:- Turn-based stealth with AP point system- Addictive, engaging, suspenseful, tense, strategic gameplay -  continuously planning your next moves carefully- Satisfying and deep mechanics (stealth and others) allow you to sneak about, kite and otherwise outplay the guards and security measures- Multiple characters, abilities, gear, augments, equipment and software provide many different approaches- Strikingly stylish design paints a futuristic, covert, secret agent feel- Atmospheric music that sets the right tone of stealth and suspense of imminent detection- Good procedural generation of levels creating non-repetitive, non-impossible levels- Very challenging but fair, with high ceiling for experience and skill- Interesting story and characters, albeit a bit short- Only one campaign but replayability with characters, gear, difficulty levels- Only suffers by being a bit on the short side - addressed by DLCBottom line:The mechanics are so deep, well built and balanced, the atmosphere is so right (with the visual design and music), the gameplay is so engaging and addictive, and there are so many different agents, gear/equipment and software to use, this may simply be one of the best stealth games ever made.In detail:Invisible Inc. is a turn-based tactical stealth game which I feel has inspirations from XCOM Enemy Unknown and F.T.L. Gameplay is divided between the world map, where you manage your agents/equipment and choose between the different available missions, and inside the missions themselves, where you control your agents in a grid-based map with a AP (action points) per turn system.In the missions you spawn at a random spot and must explore and find your objective and the exit, taking advantage of anything you find along the way. Stealth is the absolute key, since your agents are knocked out in one shot by guards and robotic defenses, not to mention that any suspicious activity raises the alarm level. There are deep and diverse mechanics at play and you’ll “dance” unnoticed around or divert/kite guards, bypass electronic security measures or even use lethal tactics if necessary. You’ll want to be constantly analysing your surroundings and planning how to move, taking care to notice guards’ movements. You can and will be knocking guards unconscious to make progress, though they wake up (more alert) after a few turns if no agent is pinning them to the ground. You only have 2-4 agents, usually, so you can’t KO every guard, but you can grab and move them out of sight. Other than your agents you have your AI available to you, which uses power you drain from on-site consoles to execute programs in order to break firewalls on other devices such as cameras, security gates, turrets, safes, mainframes, that will allow you to access them. Power is a limited resource, however, so you’ll need to plan its use carefully as well.Also, each 5 turns the alarm level goes higher introducing some new measure of security: a new guard may spawn, firewalls on enemy devices may increase, previously disabled devices can be rebooted, and even daemons (enemy software) may be implemented. Whatever way you look at it, it’s a race against time, and either rushing or extending your stay to explore more will make it much more likely to be detected, and a full alert will make it virtually impossible for you to exfiltrate your agents alive, let alone complete your objectives.All this makes for a tense, suspenseful and exciting strategic turn-by-turn gameplay. Will you risk overstaying your welcome to fully explore your surroundings, possibly getting more of that precious loot? It’s always on your mind, since it is badly needed as any credits, items, software, gear or augments you find, will allow you enchance your agents’ capabilities. Also, you can level up your agents’ attributes with credits.It can be said that the locations start to feel a bit samey after a while, but in regards to gameplay the procedural generation is spot on: I could never rely on any previous map knowledge, I always had to assess the situation I was currently in. And never did I encounter a situation where the level was unbeatable due to bad placement or impossible patrol routes. It’s always of question of not getting yourself into too difficult missions if you are not ready (with better gear or software, leveled-up agents, etc), and analysing and your current situation, determining how to best to move and engage to accomplish your objectives.The game is very challenging, but you can tailor the difficulty with the different difficulty levels, in particular with regards to the number of “rewinds” to the previous turn you have. I found that experience, most of all, made me improve my skill from mission to mission and run to run, making for a high skill ceiling and an engaging and deep game to try and master.The presentation is unique and striking, both visually and in the writing, with spot-on hi-tech secret agent jargon. The soundtrack is excellent, featuring suspenseful music that actually “evolves” as the alarm level goes up, building a crescendo in tension and excitement as you play. All of it is just so engaging I found myself losing track of time as I played.My only regret is that the main story isn’t a bit lengthier, although the Contingency Plan DLC addressed this, essentially doubling the campaign length."
76561197999761525,Recommended,243970,11855074,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,pk-ng,After playing this game for a solid 6-7 hours. I'm really enjoying it. I've saw some reviews and I never take any salt for the ones with less than 5 hours...I don't even know how you can review it in such a short period of time.Anyway there is a tutorial which isn't complete because it doesn't show you all the possible uses of the game i.e changing camera angle.It's definitely got a high learning curve and I've yet to finish the game but will definitely slow get there!It's still got bugs for it but it's early accessThe gameplay is quite similar to XCOM where tactics and finess is really important.I've already unlocked everything to date (which is rather fast) but it'll be interesting to see what they have installed for the future of this game.
76561198195350322,Recommended,243970,15880412,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Flarestar_,"One of the best strategy games I've ever playedFirst and foremost; fantastic art style. As soon as I begun playing, I fell in love with it. Not especially unique, somewhat similar to Boarderlands (in my opinion), but very enjoyable and suits the game's dystopian theme down to a tee. The versatile 'customisable difficulty' mechanics are superb, allowing the game to be as challenging or not as you want. A casual experience for those who want it, but it can be brain-crushingly hard as well. The campaigns are short (unless you play endless mode), but have a lot of replay value; as someone who likes a challenge (playing with no mission restarts) I've yet to 'beat' the game, but it's not at all upsetting or frustrating. The game itself plays a lot like the board game (or video game equivalent) Space Hulk; turn-based with grid-based movement. In game, every decision, move and action counts, something which is handled very well. The money, resource, upgrade and item systems are all very well balanced (assuming you have conventional settings). All of which accumulates into a very well designed, stimulating and challenging game. It's a very gameplay based experience, so the lack of story, exposition and character development shouldn't be a bother (and if it is, you're looking in the wrong place).Conclusively, this game is some of the best value for money on the market, I would happily pay more than £15 pounds for it. (19/20)"
76561198073259891,Recommended,243970,33260238,Posted: 4 July,all,Deluded Daybreak,"Once again, Klei has me impressed. A regular chess partner and friend of mine that I play DST with couldn't recommend this game enough. Well, with the summer sale and the existence of the Klei bundle, I decided to take their word and see what all the fuss was about (still have to play Mark of the Ninja, let's see if you can impress me a third time, Klei). Immediately, I found myself almost addicted to the playstyle. The maneuvering and overall feel are strangely reminiscent of the Fire Emblem series, right down to the tension you feel after every turn and the optional (but rewarding) completionist options such as sidequests and item vaults. Of course, unlike the Fire Emblem games, Invisible Inc. gives you the option at the start to rewind your turn a number of times (1, 5, 10, or 99). Again, this is optional, and you're rewarded if you take the Ironman (0 rewind) route.  There are three levels of basic difficulty, as well as an advanced difficulty, a time attack mode, and an endless mode. Overall, the game has an excellent play life, giving you lots to do and plenty of hours of enjoyment.The setting is very much in the spirit of Shadowrun- Corporate dystopia, cybernetic augments, a world gone mad for technology. Of course, it manages to avoid being 3edgy5me and has its moments of humor. The art style is charming, and if the level design gets a bit hard to navigate, the game provides you the option to hide walls to better see the floor grid, which is a nice touch.I would also highly recommend the Contingency Plan DLC. Not only does it add four playable characters and a slew of new items and enemies to the game, but it also EXTENDS THE CAMPAIGN MODE OF THE MAIN GAME. Holy cow.Klei, keep making games so we can keep throwing our money at you."
76561198036005291,Not Recommended,243970,30141394,Posted: 24 February,all,ineversmile,"This game has really cool aesthetics, but it's repetitive and constrictive.  I gave it a good shot, but after about 8 missions I just can't play it anymore.  It's so frustrating that ammunition and useful melee weapons are so expensive, and that killing guards penalizes me so much.  Look, if my character uses a taser on a guard to knock him unconscious, that character should be able to pull out a knife and finish the job.  Heart monitors are not a valid (lore?) reason not to have that option; this is a futuristic stealth game where you have an artificial intelligence fully capable of hacking into the system and making it look like a heart monitor is still on.I like games that are challenging, but I don't like to feel like I'm powerless.  That's essentially how this game makes me feel: everything is ridiculously expensive, and I can't kill anything without being super-penalized.  I don't need to play a video game to experience living paycheck to paycheck.  That's how this game feels.  Okay, I get the limited resources thing--but why does a firewall-protected safe have less money in it than I need to buy a single bullet?  If all these corporations are running the world, where's their real money?  Because I feel like every mission I'm the brokest person on the block, breaking into the second-brokest person's house."
76561197991610799,Recommended,243970,17022162,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,T@bazko,"Shhh! There is a guard close by, a camera and beads of sweat starting to populate. How am I going to get out of this one? The data needs to be found quickly.  In a nutshell that's what it felt like the first hour and a half.  And randomized levels? Nice.If you want to be sneaky, do some hacking and whatever else this game offers (which I look forward to).. see if you're up for the challenge. I dare you. You will be tested."
,Recommended,243970,15808390,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,JHigg,X-COM: Mark of the Ninja
,Recommended,243970,19042597,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,VonBlade,"The strategy games of my youth were all turn-based because of the limits of the processors. The older I get and the slower my reaction become, so my desire for turn strategy grows. Unfortunately developers have moved away from the Laser Squad/Sabre Team stylings of yore and demand ever-twitchier players.Fortunately Klei, famous already for the amazing Mask of the Ninja and Don't Starve, have turned their talents to the action-point loving genre and produced a masterpiece. Everything is beautifully balanced, level generation is partly randomised but always feels cohesive and, like any good roguelike, there is plenty to unlock.The graphics are excellent and the sound equally so, but the real stroke of genius is how flexible and adaptable it is. You can tune it to anything from a game that makes Peggle seem complex into the most difficult game since a blindfolded Dark Souls run. Hugely recommended with masses of replayability, and now with the expansion even more options to try out."
,Recommended,243970,18966455,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,axfelix,"Game is unbelievably tight. Almost too much so. I don't think I've ever played a turn-based strategy game that comes this close to being an outright puzzle, and is well-balanced enough to get away with it. I think it might be more likeable if it were more generous, honestly, but it's really really well done as is."
,Recommended,243970,12103261,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Alymon,"Invisible, Inc. is both frustrating and a ton of fun. First, you have to accept that you will die, and you will fail. Like many rogue-like games, it rewards multiple playthroughs and doesn't pull any punches when it comes to the situations you are put in. You will be outnumbered, you will make mistakes and you will accidentally walk into a group of guards with no way out.What you will also do is learn. You will learn when to be cautious and when to run like a maniac. You will learn when to take a guard down and when to sneak by quietly. You will balance the rewards of exploring the whole level versus the lives of your agents.The game is well developed for an early access title and Klei once again doesn't disapoint. Graphics are sharp, mechanics work well and the interface is easy to use and intuitive. Updates are made regularly and the developer does an excellent job of keeping the community in the loop the way an early access title is supposed to be.If you like turn based strategy, stealth with a more realistic approach and a challenging game, definitely pick this up."
,Recommended,243970,15966738,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,SV,"I don't review a lot of games on Steam.  This may actually be my first.  But Invisible Inc's really just a standout game.  Manages to be a nailbiter a lot of the time and really captures the feel of being a scrappy spy agency holding on by its fingernails very well.I tried it in Early Access and wasn't the biggest fan, but it's come so far in the release version."
76561198057577254,Recommended,243970,12494814,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Rafuuu~,"In game tells you the rough idea of when the next build will be, which is great for a early access game. I personally love the game, it's fun sneaking around and complaining about mistakes I make that led to me killing everyone on the floor. Of course you shouldn't, since this is a stealth game. Always good to know when you make a mistake later on you can just slay everyone.Of course the game will be hard at first, but after you get used to it it's enjoyable. Standing right next to a guard as you steal from him and watch him walk away. This game won't get repeatitive compared to other stealth games because it's randomly generated levels. Of course there's that chance you get a level you can't sneak past, but that's why we get guns and stuns. Thus far most levels I have been able to sneak past, I can only recall three levels I had to murder the whole floor to search it. And that's after 60 hours of gameplay.In conclusion, if you like stealth and rogue, good idea to consider this game, not expensive either. And after that wonderful early access for Don't starve, I do believe we can trust these guys to handle this one as well. This game is pretty much done honestly in my opinion. I've yet to run into any major issues or bugs, and the one time I have few hours later there's a hotfix for it."
76561198026768374,Recommended,243970,11855337,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Kuroo,"Love this gameFinally there is a game who does not hold your handA game were you learn from your mistakes to get betterThis game reminds me of the earler Splinter Cell games when they gave a good challenge.The only thing this game needs are mods, would love some mods for extra content like an endless mode or different gear."
76561198105951960,Recommended,243970,16366393,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Frecne,"I recommend tostealbuy.Few days later you'll forget how much you spent to purchase the game, but you'll spend the rest of your life knowing that you've done something right."
,Recommended,243970,19878402,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,jfabes,"I love this game. Letting you choose a two-man team from an interesting and diverse group of characters goes a long way towards replayability, but also lets you build your own story. Who you choose to work with has a deep impact on your strategy for this iteration of the agency, which in turn shapes your game experience.My favourite kind of game is where the game creates a space for you to imagine your own stories playing out inside the overarching plot. On one of my last playthroughs of Invisible, Inc., one of my team members -- the one with the best weapon -- was surrounded and captured. I got the detention centre mission immediately afterwards, so rather than give up I sent my remaining agent back into the field to rescue her comrade. It was touch and go, but she effected the rescue, cementing their partnership. Your agents aren't just pawns, they're people whose stories you're creating.Also neat art style, music, appreciate the challenging strategy, support the good folks at Klei etc. etc. etc.Definitely recommend, must-buy if it's on sale."
,Recommended,243970,12071876,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,BasSpl4ya,"Invisible Inc. is pretty awesome turn-tactical spy game. After finishing story mode, and turn dead after 5 days in endless mode for a countless time, i have to say - this game will be one of the best games on steam. Its not easy even on easy difficulty. And if Klei will add a lot of other stuff, as weapons, hacking devices, characters, perks, etc. it can be balanced on a really high level. I really really recommend this game, cos it has great gameplay, beautiful soundtrack, and you will spend a lots of hours playing it, even after your agents die - just, again and again and again. GREAT JOB KLEI! - keep on with updates."
76561198045217397,Recommended,243970,15825042,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,GaRmR,"When you have spent 300 hours on the Beta version you think there is nothing that can surprise you in a game any longer. ...But what a surprise !!Not only did the cut scenes and story were brilliant, but the game balance was completely changed (to the better) as well as new items and agents introduced.I already spent a lot of time on this game that was, to me, the best infiltration game since .. forever, but I think I am going to spend a lot more time on it to explore all the nice novelties it has yet to offer.Thank you for making this playing experience so nice.And if you are reading this in order to determine if it is worth its price well, I'll make it easy for you :Hel yeah.The main story is quickly done but the endless mode and different challenges will give you hours after hours of a nice intellignet infiltration game that will grow on you."
,Recommended,243970,15991310,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Marz,"I grew up playing the original X-COM games (yes, even Interceptor) and other turn-based strategy titles such as Odium and the Heroes of Might and Magic series, and I've always had a soft spot for the genre. I picked up Invisible, Inc. due to the genre and the merits of Klei's last game Mark of the Ninja. Several sleepless nights later I can tell you that this game is fantastic. The world and art style is great, the mechanics engaging, and the replayability factor is very high. The higher difficulty levels of the game will really make you think about each turn, future turns, and how to spend resources upgrading your team between fights.If I had to nitpick, I would say the one shortcoming of the game is the length of the main campaign. It can easily be completed in one sitting on the easiest difficulty, although the game is designed for multiple replays which in turn unlock additional characters for use in future playthroughs. The story and voice acting are really well done and I wish I could have experienced more.If you are a fan of roguelikes, turn-based, and/or cyberpunk games then this is one you'll definitely want to start playing immediately. 9/10"
,Recommended,243970,19101787,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Pixeldemon,"I am very impressed with this game's challenging tactical stealth gameplay, stylish art, and charming voice acting! The short but replayable campaign, generated levels, and approach to failure as ""part of the game"" make this a great ""rogue-lite.""The high difficulty and possibility of ""unfair"" scenarios may turn away some players, but the challenge is quite rewarding for those with the patience to persist."
,Recommended,243970,19501470,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Rygaar,"If you like turn-based-strategy and roguelite, this game is just a gem.When I tried it during  a free week-end, I was not convinced: tutorial was OK, but I decided to play on expert level on my 1st try... and I got beaten on first level in about... 2 minutes... yes even though it's turn-based !Even by playing it in beginner difficulty then, I felt like I was missing something as I was dying a lot.But if you take into consideration that you have to hide and not shoot (which is what I was doing at first: shooting guards - but this is wrong), that you can cross a room full of guards without being noticed, then you go ""level-up"", and the game becomes much more enjoyable... and easy... well at least through the beginner campaign... then comes the experienced campaign... and it becomes even more deadly challenging... in a good way... but don't expect to finish it on 1st try even if you easily finished beginner campaign... I can't even imagine what expert campaign is about !Well all in all, this game should be seen as a chess game mixed with roguelite based on turn-based-strategy principles:- you have  to think a lot and anticipate your next moves like in chess games,- levels are ramdomly generated, you can choose the characters and AI powers that you want to play in many optimised ways (or leave it to random selection).- Plus you get to manage and optimise the use of your credits efficiently depending on if you want to spend them for you AI abilities, for your characters powers, or on the items which can give our characters advantages.All of these give you a lot of possibilties gameplay-wise, and thus provide a very good replay value even if it does not look like, but don't be fooled: this game is a roguelite. So don't be frustrated if you fail a campaign and don't stop after you finish the beginner campaign, this is not the end of the game, and that's the purpose."
,Recommended,243970,19569210,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,СТАЛИН,is good
,Recommended,243970,19623858,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Ghoulmaster | Engineer.tf,"Just gonna put this out here first: I am a huge fan of turn based strategy games. I've spent THOUSANDS of hours playing different Fire Emblem games, I love XCOM... Hell, I even play competitive chess outside of gaming. Strategy games are my jam. By all means, this review will be a bit biased because of that.First, I'm gonna break a cardinal rule of positive reviews, I'm going to start with the game's cons.First thing to note, this is NOT a turn based strategy game. It is a turn based strategy STEALTH game. This is one thing I really wish I knew more about going in. If you attempt to brashly plow your way through levels, you will lose quickly and painfully. Planning becomes key, and strategically dissecting the levels becomes a necessity at experienced difficulty and beyond. This game is extremely punishing, and will annihilate you for the first 10 hours that you spend in it. The fact that your range of options is as cyrptic as your sentient AI companion doesn't help at all. You WILL die, you WILL get aggrevated, and you WILL feel cheated early on.But then, 10 hours in, something clicks.As you play this game, you will begin to crack the code on the gameplay mechanics bit by bit. The better you crack them, the easier and more fun it gets. Within 15-20 hours, you end up pulling off some complex tactical manuvers without even thinking about it. Once you get into the meat of this game, it is a MASTERPIECE. Let's get into why.Most of the game involves finding an objective, breaking into and stealing something from the objective, and leaving through a teleporter. When you enter a level, you have no idea where anything is. Your main job is to explore the area, find both the objective, and the teleporter, then execute a plan to get to both. While it may not seem that genius at first, the stuff that you may have to come up with to get there is remarkable. The game tests not only your ability to think, but also your ability to work under pressure. There WILL be times when you have to make the best of a bad situation. This is where Invisible Inc. is at it's best. In my time playing the game, I've ran into plenty of these situations, and when I have, it is the most fun I have in modern gaming. It's tense, it's tactical, and the problem solving involved is devious. However, if you can get out of those situations without a scratch, you walk away feeling like a champion. You will fail occasionally, but that's OK. The game wasn't meant to be easy. To me, that is a definate positive. There are also multipe side-quests throughout these levels as well. Stealing credits, and hacking nanofabricators so you can buy prime gear become almost as important as your original goals.So, overall, what's the verdict? The first few days playing it may seem tedius, but play on beginner difficulty, beat it once, and then try it on experienced and expert. Once you can get past the firewall of a learning curve, the game reveals  a vast network of strategic options and amazing gameplay that is unparalleled in the market today. I fully recommend this game to any fan of turn based strategy, or indie games in general. If it's on sale, you have no excuse not to buy it (bar an empty wallet... dangit Gaben).As your boss, Olivia Gladstone would say: ""Good luck operator!""...You'll need it.Edit: October 19th, 2016After sinking 40 more hours into Invisible Inc. since I wrote this review, I love this game now more than ever. It's climbed past all other games in the turn-based-strategy genre and is now my second favorite game of all time (barely behind my first ever completion: The Legend of Zelda, Ocarina of Time). For anyone who is on the fence about this masterpiece, I cannot recommend it enough. It's also now available on the Apple App Store, so if you ever game on mobile, it's there for a much cheaper price. 9.9/10. One of the best games that I've ever played, and an amazing experience from begining to end. BUY THIS THING."
76561197978360484,Recommended,243970,19624683,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Ekko Tek,"Instant classic! Oozing style, polished, turn based, stealth strategy. Tons of synergy and combos between agents, augments, items, and AI programs."
76561198032287370,Recommended,243970,15869445,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,NerfedFalcon,"This game seems like the kind of thing that would never work, but turn based stealth actually allows for a lot of things to happen, and the execution is spot-on. Between the tight mechanics and the excellent aesthetic, and now that it's out of Early Access, there's no reason not to get this game if you like XCOM or stealth games."
,Recommended,243970,14031040,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,ExecutiveArka,"WHERE HAS THIS GAME BEEN ALL MY LIFE?!?I was hooked on this game from the first ten minutes of playing. The gameplay is intense, it leaves you thinking of up to three or more future moves. The multitude of equipment and augmentation gives this game a great feel and want to repeat the game all over again. It is an almost unforgiving strategy game and it gives a thrill that many games just don't.The maps are randomly generated and give a feeling that although some rooms are almost similar, the placement of the rooms make this game endlessly playable.This is my only criticism and I am aware that improvement on storyline is planned but at the moment it is very bare. You aren't really motivated by any larger goal and you aren't sure what the agency really is at all.I would recommend this game to anyone and keenly look forward to further additions.20/10(Would rate higher if I could)"
76561198096000303,Recommended,243970,15891625,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,egglegg,"This is a great game that is just the right amount of difficulty. I bought it in alpha and have watched it grow. The finished game is very well polished and added in just enough story to keep things interesting without bogging down the game play.Speaking of game play, the game play is fantastic and engaging, the enemy AI is great.However as much as I said the story was good, the ending was lack luster unless they intend to create a sequel or some sort of dlc to continue the story as the ending is a bit of a cliffhanger and while it wraps up one story it starts another.Klei is a good studio though so I am sure that they will have something of the sort up their sleeve.8/10 Very good, nice graphics, good story, engaging game play. It's a good game with lots of replay value."
,Recommended,243970,29578191,Posted: 29 January,all,larienna,"This game is Awesome! One of the best stealth game ever played. This game is also extremely stressing for a turn based strategy game. Normally, I only get stressed in real time games.  It's the kind of game where forgetting to close a door can put you into serious trouble.There is a couple of design decisions that I don't like, for example shopping during mission. Seriously, even shopping is stressful. I also don't like the fact that the alarm level advance each turn, first because it's stressing, second because when you have few characters it's hard to explore the whole level.But good news, many of these games quicks can be house ruled. So you can configure the game to your taste. On your first game, I recommend using the 72 hours length with no expansion elements. I did the error of doing the 120 hour + 48 hours from the expansion which made the game way too long.Another interesting things is that the game campaign of 72 hours is not that long. You'll play at most a dozen of missions, which makes the game fun to play again and again instead of one huge campaign.The story is minimal, but very interesting, like all their other games. I would have not asked for more story. There are a lot of details in the game, and sometimes you wonder if doing X in Y situation would actually work but you are not sure. To get arround this ambuguity, you can undo your turn a limited number of time.Overall very good game, I recommend it to everybody. The complexity of the game is not that high so it should be fairly accessible to anybody."
,Recommended,243970,12533243,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,iNeedBoost,"Stealth, turn based strategy,  not overly complicated but at the same time not easy. Worth it if you're into these genre's."
,Recommended,243970,11856223,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Soarin' Ted,"It's fun but it gets insanely hard, very quickly.Most rogue-likes give you half a chance, and after about the 4th mission in during the story mode all bets are off because the alarm level steadily ticks up even if you havnt been seen or noticed, tons of guards swarm in which get faster, stronger and more aggressive.I would like to see a buff to the knockout duration or at least a chance to kill guards when they are down if you dont have a weapon. 2 turns is really not long enough before they wake up and run like wild animals around the map, paralysing injections are far too sparse and the need to keep one of your agents holding down a guard is far too crippling, slowing you down encredibly.Yeah it's a solid game but I hope it gets much needed balancing in the future to make runs last longer than 30 minutes - 1 hour."
76561197970996397,Recommended,243970,22612287,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Furwy,Very well made one-save per-game-turn-based-strategy.Like Ironman XCOM with Cyberpunk flavor.
,Recommended,243970,20783277,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Bort,"The biggest problem I had with this game is the short time frame the main story mode campaign is based on. You have 72 hours to gather your forces and prepare yourself for the final showdown, and the very first mission you do takes 10-12 hours off that clock.While that doesn't exactly lend itself to in depth gameplay, allowing you time to figure out the game, that doesn't matter. Every time you fail, and your spy agency is destroyed, you gain experience. Enough experience, and it unlocks new Agents and Programs.What I found worked very well for learning the game though, is the Custom campaign mode. You can use it to configure just about every aspect of the missions, from the number of safes and consoles available to hack, to the number of guards on duty, and even what the alarm does. You can even set it to Endless mode, which takes away the three day time limit.I don't recommend sticking to Custom though. Changing all these options is great for learning how to play, but it does take away the actual storyline.As for the style of gameplay, it's like a cross between Evil Genius, and XCOM. Evil Genius in that you have the world map, and select your missions on there, and XCOM in that the missions themselves are turn-based and have the same top down view that XCOM has. Unlike XCOM though, you are not there to shoot stuff. In fact, if you have to shoot stuff, chances are you're losing.Killing, or even tasering, is an option of last resort. You really want to stealth it, sneak around behind the guards, picking their pockets as you go, but try not to kill them, and if you stun them, they wake up after a few rounds and go hunting for you. Not the most ideal situation to be in.All in all, a very fun game that offers something a little different."
76561198002540828,Recommended,243970,19042002,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Quasi Z,"This is a masterpiece of tactical gaming. What it does, it does brilliantly. Worth of being called a rogue-like classic in the same league as XCom and FTL."
76561197983396959,Recommended,243970,30600631,Posted: 18 March,all,ijed,"Wow, what a gem.  I'm not a fan of stealth games, but this drew me in completely just by how well realised it is.  Compelling, immersive and intelligent.Buy it - you and Klei deserve it."
,Recommended,243970,15864182,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Borgia,"Invisible, Inc. is brutally fun. I had to take a break after the first mission because my blood was pumping so much from my narrow and daring escape against impossible odds.If you're even remotely interested in squad-based turn-based strategy games (X-com, Jagged Alliance, Silent Storm, etc.) then this should be an immediate buy.I have to say I wasn't convinced when I heard ""turn-based stealth game"", because I thought stealth could only work well in real time. Turns out I was wrong and this has immediately become one of my top 10 favorite games.One thing I particularly love is that there is almost always a way to overcome those mounting odds. This game's random number generation (RNG) seems a lot more fair than other Roguelites.Just don't go in expecting some sort of elaborate story campaign or you will be disappointed. If you've played FTL, Ziggurat or other Roguelites, then you should know what to expect storywise.Invisible, Inc. is about 10%  story, 50% style and 110% gameplay (deliberately doesn't add up, it's just so good)."
,Recommended,243970,23115285,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,GlobalWarming,Invisible inc. is an amazing turn based stealth game with roguelike elements and plenty of unlockable content to keep you busy for ages.
,Recommended,243970,13284722,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,aikidrums,"Being a gamer more than 20 years it's frustrating, mainly because it becomes harder and harder to find a game that actually feels fun to play, even harder to find one you wanna go back to in the long run. I love games and I think I can identify a game made with passion and dedication to the craft.This game definitely did it for me, I loved Syndicate back in the day and Invisible Inc. took the tactical espionage theme and brought it to the next level in terms of visual style, gameplay mechanics, music... My god the the music! It's the complete package if you ask me.Thank you for a finely tunned piece of fun, Klei."
76561197973869616,Recommended,243970,13665751,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Monkeyking,I haven't played through the game fully yet but can already see this challenging stealth game is going to keep me coming back for more.  Even knowing you have next to no chance of completing the level sometimes doesn't stop you from sneaking that one room further.  Great work from a development team that keep producing titles I'm enjoying.
,Recommended,243970,19287416,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,gecimen,"Invisible Inc. is a nice tactics game, it has its unique sides but it has its flaws.Pros:There are several different characters, and character selection mattersCharacter builds also matterThe hacking game and power managementCons:The procedural generated maps are uninteresting and repetitiveIt's too shortI say buy this game when it's on sale."
76561197997083498,Recommended,243970,17444819,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,fuggl,"This game got me hooked for quite a while (actually until I got every achievement, which doesn't normally happen..).The mechanics are fairly easy to understand (and mostly non-random, no dice rolling). That said, even after playing a LOT I can still find situations where I'm not absolutely sure what will happen if I do a certain thing. But the progression is nice, rising in dificulty as you figure out the details bit by bit.Also there is quite some randomness involved! The game can keep you on edge, not so much through it's story, but by throwing you into randomly generated levels that you have to explore and adapt to on the fly. Sometimes you can get somewhat screwed over, but most of the time there are ways to deal with what gets thrown at you.But you have to be careful, plan ahead and keep up, it's not an easy game!"
,Recommended,243970,15811158,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Dyuk,"It is a rogue-like game . So , you love it or hate it .Everything else is great . Atmosphere , style , animation . Its turn based , but it is not Xcom. Its all about stealth and it is hard. Dont seek for a deep story here tho. Again , its rogue-like"
,Recommended,243970,15877783,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Perlkonig,Great cross between the stealth and art style of Mark of the Ninja and the tactics of XCOM. I'm loving this game right now.
,Recommended,243970,15855325,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Darkzear,"Unique tactical base game with an innovative system. Use any tactics you can think of as a spy Stun,hide,Distract etc.Begin as a Rookies and End up to be a Super spy !.  Any mission you finished give you a Credit or item to customize you spy.Even you have a super stronger Chuck norris as unit The Time is still your worst enemy !. You need to think and act fast !. The more turn you play The more strong enemy are.The Hacking system in this game play a big part as a Spy !. You need To crack every damn computer or system to get your job done. ""Incognita"" our Hacker tools use a parallel turn of you to Crack,Slow,Hack etc to get the job done.You will enjoy to be a spy. Try it ! if you like stealth genre. Try it ! if you like turn-base genre. Enjoy it if you like both !Pros+Many creative way to finish your mission+Nice visual and music+Challenge is brutal and satisfy+Fresh tactics gameplays with stealth styleCons-Many thing rely on luck such as your agent,shop,map etc-Content too short for a story mode-Repetitive map layout and mission because you always in the building most of the time"
76561198017710911,Recommended,243970,15857105,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,ghosthorse,"A slick, tense, turn-based roguelike stealth game, notable for its deeply customisable gameplay settings.The campaign, the only game mode, is short, but highly replayable.Klei really has a knack for keeping things fresh."
,Recommended,243970,17437768,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Homosexual Pie Row,"This is actually a good turn-based RTS with an emphasis on stealth in a cyberpunk environment. It is really helped out by the lack of unexpected instakills against your team members, and a limited number of built-in rewinds. Medium replayability. I'd recommend it."
76561198047224679,Recommended,243970,17442426,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,damo_cles,this game is a neat little discovery.nice simple graphicengaging gameplayfor any fans of turn based tacticsfor any fans of shadowrun computer game games (less rpg like but fun as hell to play
76561197971291331,Recommended,243970,17422042,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,MrCompletely,"For the love of god, buy this game."
76561198007331550,Not Recommended,243970,15941987,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Vielo,"If you're attracted by all the good things written about this title in the Positive section, you should read this review of mine. Why? Because I've read those positive reviews before making the purchase too and I'm very disappointed.Invisible, Inc. mixes oldschool stealth mechanics with innovative ideas. You move around sticking to the areas out of sight of the Corporations' security agents and robots and your goal is to hack or hijack as many of their installations as possible. There are multiple kinds of hackable objects and each of them gives you different rewards - from simple credits, through cutting off the power to electric blockades, to giving you access to bionic labs and shops of different sorts. It's during the missions that you will both earn and spend most of your credits. You can also use your cash to upgrade your spies' abilities and occasionaly buy something from Monst3r's black market. Hackable close-circuit cameras will help you uncover what are the badguys planning against you and what patrol routes are they on.Although the basic security will not give you much trouble, the elite patrolmen later on will really make you think twice before you decide to open fire or attack them with your power winches. They come equipped with a lot of gadgets that allow them to quickly track and take you down. Same goes for the robots that you're going to face. They are all hackable, but you won't be able to operate them for more that a couple of turns.While the easier difficulty levels allow you to experiment with different strategies (you can invest your money and bio-enhence your spies in 'heavy approach', stealth, more effective hacking and so on), the harder ones will leave you no choice but to go for speed and invisibility - the only way to beat the hardest levels. SInce the game is based upon replayablility (on this later on), it is a bad ballancing decision and probably a design flaw too.One of the mechanics that really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off is the need to open doors to peak into the corners of the rooms behind. Now, why on earth bionically enhenced futuristic spies are not equipped to deal with this issue is beyond me. Even modern portable optical-fibre cameras could do that. Invisible, Inc. spies can feel the virus programs and see electrical circuits through walls, yet they must open the door to see what is in the corner of the room behind them. I wouldn't even mind, if this mechanic would not be a gamebraker on the highest difficulty levels, where you cannot see danger zones if you don't see their sources. Often times you will start the level only to find yourself in an impossible situation and lose right away. And remember there is permadeath in this game. That is the price we pay for procedurally generated world + this one bizzare mechanic.The levels are generated rather nicely and once you lived through the first couple of turns, you'll most probably never find yourself in an impossible situation. There is always enough cover for the team and various objectives are usually guarded by the Corporations' security in a sensible way. Definitely extra points for that.The hacking UI itself is very clean and done with a lot of thought. It's fun to fight the enemy firewalls and it adds to the general feeling of the game - this aura of people being totally dependent on computer programs.It all does sound rather well, doesn't it? Well... here comes the reason why I cannot recommend the game. It's too expensive for what it has to offer. The main storyline takes 3-4 hours to finish and then the player is rewarded with new hacking programs and unlockable spies. Sounds great? Someone has already mentioned that the Invisible, Inc. is a mix of FTL with X-COM. The problem is, that FTL was fun every replayed time and X-COM had a nicely driven story line that kept player occupied and interested in upgrading the team. Invisible, Inc. is somewhere in between, with nice, but very short story and a couple of good mechanics, and replayability-based gameplay that isn't really all that fun to try again.After beating the game in different game modes and difficulty levels I found that 90% of unlockable stuff is useless and does not help you getting better scores. Finally I dropped the game entirely after maybe 7-8 hours of gameplay simply, because it was no longer fun to play it. During that time, I used found only one unlocked program and one unlocked character to be of any use for the team. The rest was just... bad.I see a lot of potential in this game, but cannot recommend it for more that $5 on a sale. It's not worth the price its tagged with. If only the devs would have taken more time to create a longer story mode and ballanced the game to allow for different playstyles it could have been fantastic. Unfortunately, in its current stage (and it is not an early access title) this game offers somewhat frustrating gameplay experience, inconsistent universum and not a very entertaing replay-grinding. It's not enough for me to recommend it.I hope you found this review informative enough. I don't often write reviews here, but when I do, I'm doing my best to help you guys make an good decision for yourselves ;-)"
76561198043764685,Recommended,243970,11789722,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,CREEPY WAFFLE,Metal Gear meets XCOM. A strangely addictive and tense experience. You'll never have more fun not engaging the enemy.
,Recommended,243970,15820734,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Full-Metal-Bunny,"Invisible Inc is a rogue-like, tactical strategy, espionage game set in a dystopian cyberpunk future.It’s a giant game of cat & mouse and you play the mice.If that description doesn’t make you hit “Buy Now” I’m not sure what will."
76561198029704499,Recommended,243970,15856774,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,tora75,"Shadowrun+Xcom+Evil Genius: Nice Rogue-like with randomly generated levels, unlockables, and various difficulty settings to suit your needs. Intriguing, addicting, and fun. Fair price-point at 20 bucks...--------------------------------------------------------------------After re-visiting this after a year (finally bought the dlc which is well worth the cost at full price), I can honestly say it has some great features added for replayability). Procedurally generated maps, new game modes, agents to unlock, high scores to beat, pretty good story and great art and music to boot. It's really a great strategy game in a sea of 20.00 games that don't aren't nearly as fun. This is a well designed game and I've become a huge fan of Klei the last several years."
76561198000402623,Recommended,243970,28545919,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Zombiecat,"If you enjoy roguelikes, this game is one of the best designed and polished titles I've come across in the genre.It's incredibly tough and brutal, pulls no punches, and maps might not always seem fair. But everytime you pull off that challenging heist, when every little gear clicks in place in your grand plan, there's an incredible sense of accomplishment and the feeling that you've done something phenomenal. The triumph feeling which is commonly missing in games nowadays."
,Recommended,243970,16811886,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,crowbar,"rating: worth buying at sale price (<10€)score: 7.5/10 - goodsimilar games: Xcom, Mark of the Ninjatags: stealth, turn-based, replayability, unique artstyleThere is not much I can criticize about this game, there wasn't just enough to give it a higher score. I usually like games which focus completely on a few mechanics, but obviously that only works if those mechanics bring a lot of depth. Invisible Inc. has depth, but it doesn't take long to understand every mechanic of the game and learn how to play the best. Because of that the only thing which kept me motivated was the unlocks. I started my first playthrough on easy and beat it in my first try, then started my second playthrough on hard (or whatever the second difficulty level is called) and beat that also in my first try. Then I already unlocked every agent and I guess almost all programs, but there are still alternate loadouts I can unlock I think. My third playthrough I played on extreme difficulty and here I failed like 2-3 times now and the game had some frustrating moments. It also has some really nice ""Aha!"" moments when you manage to complete the mission with all your agents while getting surrounded by multiple agents and cameras and drones reactivating.I like that the game does not have anything with chances. When you attack an enemy, your attack will hit 100% of the time, if the enemy attacks, he will hit 100% of the time. That is very important for a stealth game, because the moment you get spotted it gets hard. What I like is that its not completely over when you get spotted, if you have a good position. Instead of alarming every guard in the building of your presence the game just increases the alarm level by 1 and you still have that one guard watching you. The thing is that there aren`t that many decisions you have to do as the player. When you get spotted there will probably one or maybe 2 spots where you could evade to and the choice is obvious most of the time. The way you move through the levels, engage guards, hack mainframe devices is the same most of the time. That is why there is not much depth in this game.What is fun is the resource management though. Deciding on what you want to spend your money on is crucial, you could spend it on gadgets, leveling your agents or on programs. All of these options make sense and some things have nice synergies or you can compensate with some things for the lack of others.If you expect a story or something then you should know that there isn't a story in this game, just a premise which sets up the game and explains your situation and the systems behind the game. You will have to dig really hard to find something which tells you about the world or characters and most of it is just flavour text of agent descriptions or items.Also I don't understand what the point of the ending is. If this was a traditional game with a start and a finish (without the rogue-lite elements) then I would understand why you could have an ending like this. But for a game like this, which is designed for multiple playthroughs, the ending doesn't make any sense and conflicts with the design of the game itself and I really hate that.The artstyle and character design is really beautiful and unique like in most Klei games. The voice acting is good enough and the music is nice and fits the game. The framerate is weird sometimes, but that isn't a problem, because this is a turn-based game. If you can get this game for less than 10€ you won't regret the purchase, for higher than that it might still be worth it, but I can't guarantee it."
76561198044150741,Recommended,243970,23511523,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Fox,"I got frustrated with it the first time I played anything above the beginner level, but came back after a long break and cannot get enough of it. I hadn't fully understood how the game works, so my frustration was out of proportion to what was actually going on. This is rapidly becoming my favorite game at the moment.Edit: It has become my favorite game at this point. Everytime I try something else similar, it just reminds me of how much I like Invisible, Inc."
76561198038786881,Recommended,243970,33204789,Posted: 3 July,all,Sadberry,Think X-Com meets Faster Than Light.
,Recommended,243970,14919165,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,spacediver,X-COM: UFO Defense (1993) + Deus EX (2000)  = Invisible Inc (2015)
76561198014229134,Recommended,243970,15864677,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Dorok,"Just played it at beginner difficulty that doesn't show all the gameplay, and because of variations I only saw a part of what's really the game. On that base, I enjoyed it a lot, it's a big surprise particularly because I'm not used to be very fan of stealth games, but that one is great. It's like it setup a new game genre, the gameplay is just great and quite original.Be warned that one play is rather short and it's a pure Roguelike approach more centered on replay and try new teams, new characters enhancement or items, and experiment higher difficulty level. Don't let that stop you it's a great game, even rather amazing of originality and very fun. Take care that eventually beginner difficulty which is the default will be too easy for your taste, so remind consider at what difficulty level you want play it."
76561198029370995,Not Recommended,243970,17502771,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Trauma_Zulu,"Despite it's emphasis on replayability, this game has very little. Once you've beaten it a few times it loses it's fun entirely.  Don't pay more than 5 bucks for it."
,Not Recommended,243970,16399955,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,StrykerL,"Disclosure: X-COM, which this game draws inspiration from, is one of my all time favorites, as is Klei's Mark of the Ninja. As a team, Klei Entertainment has made indies that are are both innovative and fun, and I respect that. However, I really wish this game could have been better...My actual rating is: Mixed, but in absence of that option, it leans towards negativeInvisible Inc is a gameplay mechanic driven roguelike that holds a huge amount of promise, if only the game didn't feel like it was made entirely by the gameplay mechanics and graphics teams, two areas where the game shines. This is a game that was designed to be replayed a lot, and to remain challenging each time. Unfortunately, the weak story deprives the player of a lot of motivation to invest in that content. Let me elaborate:The Pledge: A stealth driven random generated roguelike where confronting guards heads on is infeasible, the objective is to build the best team you can in 72 hours, like FTL. Excellent cutscene introduction sets expectations high for great visuals and great plot points. This game had one of the very best Pledges, setting my expectations really high given the slick execution of the first two hoursThe Turn: Tense game of Cat and Mouse, with each action decidedly a calculated risk and the ever increasing security timer forcing an aggressive play style. Difficult to get new items, and soon PWR is a scarce resource to be rationed. New guard types (thankfully no dogs), viruses, and new goodies to buy keep moderately interested but lack of any story content during missions / barely any between missions is a gigantically big missed opportunity. Feels more like an elaborate puzzle than an actual strategy game due to the limited patrol areas of guards, and the extremely strange rule of sitting on top of guards as the only way to prevent them from waking up, while taking them out comes with strong penalties. Strategic decisions are related to which missions to pursue (each provides different boosts dependent on the type of mission), and where to invest your limited cash reserves (augmentations / gadgets / skill upgrades).The Prestige: Where it all falls apart, only one ending, though the level map and specific enemies & locations are randomized. Due to a lack of context due to a dearth of story content, the ending feels both abrupt and all too sudden, with no fair visibility given on what will happen next in the series (beyond the very obvious). This was the point where I started questioning my purchase.The Aftermath: Where the bulk of content is held, new agents, alternate agents (different abilities), and new abilties for your AI. Unfortunately, due to a lack of new story it came across as less appealing than it probably is, and I doubt I'll be investing a lot of time in it in the future.For specific demographics:Price sensitive: If you enjoy the Aftermath, it's worth the price, otherwise you're out of luckGenre sensitive: Lots of throwaway cyberpunk joy, but never synthesized in any way that makes sense. Tons of tidbits but no overarching narrative that puts the pieces into context, major letdownStrategy gamers: Frankly the game feels a lot like a puzzle but does have meaningful strategic choices, so it's worthwhileDiversity seekers: Good premise, decent gameplay, fair variety in Aftermath. If you don't mind a weak story, go for itThose with older systems: Game worked and ran beautifully and smoothly on my humble laptop, should run well anywhereArt lovers: This, like Transistor, is a treat to the eyesFinal verdict: Great potential, if only it had invested more in story, this version feels incomplete. If you like mechanic driven games or particularly Turn Based games, go for it, it's a great product. For others, check out videos first and then take a call.For more on the Pledge/Turn/Prestige/Aftermath Review structure, check out my blog, criticalh1t on Blogspot"
,Recommended,243970,11965132,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,bvesco,"Brutal, but lots of fun. I have yet to successfully finish a mission, even on easy mode, but am having fun nonetheless."
,Recommended,243970,16867118,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,FireDragonDoL,"Unfortunately, steam doesn't include the hours I played offline on my laptop, I'm around ~60 hours.Anyway, this game it's an RPG based on Stealth. I hate stealth games, I dropped mark of the ninja after the second level because it felt repetitive.But THIS, oh man, it's so interesting, your brain start working and thinks strategies to overcome the guards and finish each level.RPG part and character specialization is very important, it feels like FTL when you have to choose what to specialize on based on the items you find and the idea you have in mind.Don't avoid this game just because it's marked stealth: it's a great rpg and possibly the greatest stealth game I've played so far.One note, main story is short, but there is endless mode available for you to explore most weird builds for your characters"
,Recommended,243970,18175648,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,fineous,"Great fun.  My first turn-based strategy game, but I was pleasantly surprised at the suspense and tension of the gameplay.  It really does make you feel like a sneaky spy as you evade guards and strategically subdue them.   Nice voice acting.   Highly recommend if you like the stealth, turn-based genre."
76561198120309898,Recommended,243970,22080476,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Vidaris,"Underrated game sadly.It's tough at first, i agree. I almost want to rage quit.But after learning several of its mechanics and came up with a few tricks of my own(as well as from the forums), it's really fun.Most of the agents and programs are interesting to work with. Internationales' Wifi system, Central's and Prism's PWR generation, Draco's stat padding madness and so on. All these can form many interesting combos based on your preference.Moving around, controlling every agent to sneak pass guards, cameras and droneswhile knowing the fact that one wrong move can cost your agent's life,is an intensive experience and you'll feel like a deadly tactician when maneveuring gracefully from point to point without getting caught.The game forces you to think like a real spy.Make the place as normal as possible, make yourself [Invisible] to the guards as much as possible, the most letting see the fast moving silhouette in their peripheral vision as distraction.And on the other hand, it punishes players for being John Rambo or Slowpoke/Camper.Shooting your way out bleeds $$ and unnecessarily raises alarm.Taking out guards without killing them is also a problem, once they wake up.Being too slow or camp one corner gives more time for countermeasures to kill you.And the map is randomly generated. No 2 gameplays are alike. This roguelike element + plenty of combos makes this game highly replayable.Just try it. For newbs, use Internationale+banks+parasite+dynamo. Easy to use for beginners."
,Recommended,243970,13934711,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Wario,"Nearly 100 hours in, I think it's time I change my previously negative review into something that reflects what I really think of this game now.Invisible is one of those games that is so unforgivably harsh, you will have a love/hate relationship with it, it will make you suffer, it will let you feeling miserable, but you will always be back for more.You'll want to have the last word, but the game will argue with you even harder than the last time, then it will knock you down on knees again, and there you'll stand, bloody and defeated... untill you gather up the strength to lick your own wounds and then go back for another round... then another... and then another.As you are mercilessly beaten up by it, time after time, you will learn its secrets one by one, such as:you should never spend all your AP in one go, because if you do, you won't have any to reach that cover that it's just one tile away from you;you should always peek through that keyhole or around that corner, to scout for guards, their paths and also cameras, rather than just storm about the whole place as if it was your own backgarden;you should check if you have armor piercing weapons before engaging armored guards;you should save your only ""rewind"" for when you really need it... and believe me, even then, you'll wish you didn't spend it;you should spend you cash wisely: being able to pickpocket large amounts of cash (anarchy) is not that great compared to being able to move a few more tiles per turn (stealth), or saving that money for that armor piercing, tranquilizer pistol, or that augment that will let you knock down a guard for an extra turn;you should never let greed take over you: those safes full of cash and gear won't do you any good if the alarm level is one turn away from 4, and you end up losing agents because of that;you should always plan your escape: locating the elevator is as important as locating your mission objective.it should go without saying, but this is a stealth game, meaning that not only you should stay hidden, but also the guards you knock down (or kill) should be dragged to hidden locations as well, or at the very least, lay them in areas where there are no patrols going around.Simple lessons, yet hard to learn and easily forgottenHere I am now, finally admiting that this game is brilliant, not because it is simply ""too hard to beat"", but because it challenged me like very few games did, whilst teaching me its ways past its deathtraps.I almost feel embarassed after reading my previous review, but I am going to leave it as it was, just so I can remind myself never to write reviews while angry, especially when my anger was caused by my own incompetence.Well done, Klei. Well done.*******************************PREVIOUS REVIEW:I simply love turn-based, tactical games. Add the word ""stealth"" to the equation, and I'm drooling all over it.That's why Invisible is kind of a disappointment to me.It delivers in mostly everything: artwork is superb, gameplay is smooth... you can improve your spies' abilites, you can explore the map, sneak past guards or knock them down, pickpocket them... you can hack servers, cameras... you can unlock safes and steal valuables... well, it's got everything really.Everything... except that, because the maps are generated at random, half the time the obstacles spawn in such locations that you just cannot sneak past guards and cannot knock them out, not without losing one or more of your agents.Other times, you are so ill-equipped agaisnt the vast amount of armored guards and high ""disabling cost"" cameras and other obstacles, that no matter what strategy you devise, you will lose.And because playing this game has been such a frustrating experience, with sorrow I will not recommend it.3/10"
,Recommended,243970,11792145,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,wormroom,"UPDATE 11/12: Everything about this game has just gotten better since I originally reviewed it. My biggest issue with the game is that I wasn't sure whether the differences between II and XCOM were actually positive. The developers must have noticed that too, because they've put in a lot of time to attach you to characters and cut the difficulty to be something less about perfection and more about reacting.This is a good video game that I can say with almost 100% certainty that you won't regret buying if you have a general idea of how XCOM-y turn based strategy games work."
,Recommended,243970,17511291,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Webby,"I am going to be honest when I first saw the game I didn't know if I was going to like it or not, I don't usually like turn based games so I was going out on a limb when i bought it. Now this game is one of my favorites to play when I want to pass time It is creative well balanced and it is just fun to play. If you are on the edge of buying this game just for the pure fact that it is a turned based game go for it buy it, it is a great game! The dynamics are put together well and it is challenging but not over challenging where it feels immpossible to beat the levels. The rooms are randomly generated so it forces you to get good at the game and not just the levels. There are many different modes for the campagin, altough it is farly short you can start in endless mode and that is always fun :D."
,Recommended,243970,15828010,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Freaklegion,"A superbly fun and challenging game, and a genre that's far too often left untouched. Invisible Inc nails it."
76561198034515681,Recommended,243970,15863597,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Jawlswyno,"There has been several changes from its beta design but the release version seems to work quite well. The good news, its fast paced and encourages the players to move fast and plan for a quick insertion and departure. The opposing force can be tricky and depending on the difficulty level, overwhelming. Settings can be customized to remove detection cones, increase play time, increase guards, etc. Time is of the essence so sometimes its better to grab as much cash as possible and bug out even if the objective isn't finished. The bad news is that I had expected something story driven like Mark of the Ninja. This is more like a tactical game like Masters of Orion. That's not a bad thing, just wasn't what I expected. There are other modes and if you want a rogue like game with endless levels they do provide that. There is a respectable difference between beginner and experienced. Beginner shows you the ropes while being engaging as you learn the basics. Experienced builds upon beginner in that you need to pay attention to what corporation defenses are present on a mission. It makes a difference whether you can expect drone armies, automated turrets or armored guards. For new players I'd recommend saving some money for speed and anarchy."
,Recommended,243970,17490776,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Deadpool,"Wow... I didn't think I was going to beat this mission. Barely recovered another MIA agent.. Was only able to hack the turret providing overwatch to the entry to the interrogation room, to neutralize the lethal threat, before moving in. Had to leave surveillance cameras active in order to have the remaining power to break open holding cells. Brought maximum security alert up pretty quick.Through a combination of using the turret (until it ran out of ammo), hiding under cover, intentionally catching the attention of the cameras for distraction, and carefully placing an unconscious guard as a lure, we managed to get out of a cornered situation in the interrogation room and evade the elite guards and heavy security closing in on us. After 10+ terrifying turns at maximum alert, we reached the exit. It helped that I left 1 agent out in the other rooms to act as eyes and a decoy while the other 2 broke into the interrogation room.There were a couple really close calls too with agents tossing what few stun weapons we had between each other when we were almost overrun. Only one of our weapons was able to penetrate light armor, and nothing we had could have dealt with the heavy security. Cleanup cost us a bit with 2 destroyed turrets and 4 dead security guards, but got the whole team out alive. Only missed one safe. Made me feel like a total badass when I had all 4 agents assembled in the escape room.But never again do I want to put my team in that situation.I had to think about it beforehand, knowing through early scouting that I'd have to trigger high security to make it into that room. I seriously considered aborting the mission for the first time. Figured rescuing an agent outweighed the risk.AND there were 2 surprises (stationary guards in highly inconvenient places) that I could have only known about after committing to infiltration. Did I mention I took a huge risk...? 3 surprises, actually, if you count not knowing who I was breaking out of there until we made it to the holding cells.Turned out the captive was Central's bodyguard/head of security, so it really helped that she knew hand-to-hand combat during one of those close calls. If it had been some kid the corp picked up off the street for ticking them off (which has happened), he would have been enough baggage to be left behind or even lose two of my agents.Still coming down off the adrenaline 25 minutes later.Do I recommend this game? Hell to the mother f***ing yes, I do."
76561198006007948,Recommended,243970,11799462,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,telos80,"Really impressive stealth game.  Tense, dark and a lot of replayability.  Even for an early access version, this is a lot of fun."
76561198092160248,Recommended,243970,12005099,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,KnightlyLion,"Invisible, Inc. is a challenging, turn based strategy game that has you move your agents through extensive randomised levels to get valuable money and resources off powerful corporations. Every level is guarded with guards and CCTV cameras, with an alarm level that increases over time to send in more units, activate more cameras and make hacking more expensive.I’ve had had a mostly positive experience with Invisible, Inc. However, it can be frustrating when you fail, as you have to start again. Invisible, Inc. has many unique features: hacking, strategic combat, stealth and looting.-HackingA massive part of the game is hacking. You will need to hack a lot to progress through the game. Among the things you need to hack are: CCTV cameras, laser barriers drones/robots, Corporate safes, turrets and generators, executive control panels, console/camera databases and nano-fabricators (shops).These are the most important thing you have to hack but there are many more. To hack you will need Power (PWR). You will slowly get power through ‘Power drip’, a program provided to you by your agency. You can also get power by hacking console, which usually give you 2-3 PWR per console, but be careful, some consoles are monitored by security.-CombatTo take care of security guards, you will have a Neural Disrupter by default. The Neural Disrupter is a melee weapon to stun enemies for 2-3 turns. You can get upgraded versions from some nano-fabricators. Other weapons include pistols, dart guns and rifles. Killing guards with heart monitors will raise the alarm counter by 2 bars. An agent can go into melee reaction so if a guard goes past, the agent will knock them out and keep them pinned. Alternatively, your agent can go into overwatch, so if a guard/drone goes into it’s line of sight, He/she will shoot it. If your agent is firing bullets the guard will be killed. If they’re firing darts, he will be knocked out. Drones cannot be knocked out and are unaffected by darts/ Neural Disrupters, but some can be hacked.-StealthStealth is vital to the game. It is nearly impossible to go in guns blazing and succeed. You have to stay in cover to avoid the enemy’s line of sight, otherwise your agent will be shot. If your agent is shot, He/she will be critically wounded, however, the other agent can still get to the elevator to exit the level or revive the wounded agent with medi-gel. By default, Deckard will have a cloacking rig, enabling him to be invisible for a turn if he’s out of sight. An upgrade version can be bought from some nano-farbricators.-Alarm CounterThe alarm counter will increase over time but certain events such as a guars getting killed or a security-monitored console being accessed will increase it too. As the alarm counter rises, it will reach levels (1,2,3,4,5,6 etc..). At these levels, the mission will get harder as hacking will cost more PWR or more guard are called in.I highly recommend this game as it’s a lot of fun to play, But I suggest that you play the tutorial as it teaches you a lot and without it you’ll probably fail the first mission."
,Recommended,243970,12025569,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,UnusualAttitude,"I bought this game without knowing too much about it based on how much I loved Mark of the Ninja from Klei. After playing regularly for about a week, I know I'm going to sink dozens of hours into this game. Prior to playing this I had invested quite a bit of time in XCOM Enemy Unknown and this game reminds me a lot of XCOM from the isometric perspective to the idea of leveling your squad and purchasing them upgrades and weapons.I highly recommend this game, even in its Early Access form. It has some minor bugs but nothing that prevents enjoying the game. I'd continue to play this game even if it never improved from its current form. But knowing Klei, I have no doubt it will continue to become more polished and enjoyable."
,Recommended,243970,12340646,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,YA BOI KNACK,"This game is hard.....the way a game should be. Great atmosphere, great art style, and very fun. Reminds me a bit of xcom, which is a plus."
,Recommended,243970,12796342,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,The Vile Potato,"I've become quite addicted to this game in a short period of time and am eager to see what comes next for this game.FYI the Story Mode is quite short (3-4 Days of Missions and then a Codename Mission). It really lives up to its homepage claim of a TBS stealth-em-up that gets you thinking ahead. Getting spotted by enemies can be so easily done and drastically counter productive to the mission that you have to put a lot of effort in to not getting caught.They also cater for your missions with an array of nifty gadgets and weapons so that the ways of infiltration never end up being just a linear game of Grandmother's footsteps.If there was any complaint it would be that while I play Endless Mode setpieces tend to repeat themselves, and the missions do not vary enough for continual use. However I'm sure that this is something that will be addressed in the updates. Great game with a unique and inventive theme."
76561198023343433,Recommended,243970,12103559,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Erolat,"Well worth the early access. I was sort of hesitant after getting my team killed in the second or third mission several times but finaly figured out the ""secret""... STAY INVISIBLE!! Yes, that is the name but you can stay hidden and still trigger the alarm. The only issue I have right now is sometimes the random maps just make it crazy difficult. I have to hack my way past three guard turrets and sneak past two stationary guards (who are both loking at the only two doors into the room) to get to the exit, nevermind getting to the goal."
,Recommended,243970,12145226,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,majikthise,"Great game, and very polished for early access. I own the other two games from this company, but this is my favorite so far, even above Don't Starve. I think it will go far, especially if the devs open the game up to modding and let players devise maps, traps & gear."
76561198003125690,Recommended,243970,12214139,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,AcidMonkey,"Already quite fun, despite being early access. Worth the money as is; I look forward to more updates."
76561198101689269,Recommended,243970,12219177,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,BlueToonz,This is one of the best games i have played in years. Wow...
,Recommended,243970,12819289,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,OverTheAshes,"After watching many videos of this game on YouTube, I was very interested in trying this game out for myself. Invisible Inc. does not dissapoint! The art style is amazing and the music is thrilling. The gameplay is very solid and also very challenging. There's a steep learning curve, but once you get used to the game it's really hard to stop playing. I've put 3 hours in at the time of this review and can see myself putting in many more."
,Recommended,243970,13688349,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,elStrages,"This game is a very nice piece of work.  I am impressed with the game even in its current state, and will be looking forward to updates to come.  It will keep you ocupied for serveral hours and is worth the price. I would recommend this to anyone looking for a turn based statergy."
,Recommended,243970,15826636,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Blank,VERY fun game. The game play is unique and very well executed. Buy it now if you have Mark Of The Ninja. If not buy it anyways!
,Recommended,243970,15866700,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Thogin[GZ],"This is a Rogue Like Stealth Game: Meaning there are no saves and if you not have the tech or the buffs for the later stages you might as well quit.  The only thing you can do is reset the turn before.  This game is intense because you cannot fight head on the guards and even if you could it brings up a set of issues for each guard you take out.  Every fix turns the game adds an element on the map, more guards, hard to hack computers, or alert the remaining guard to your location.I really enjoy this game it is very intense and the game play is very tight.  However, this game is very short, it gives you a lot of options for replay however the main reason I play was for a bit of a story and building my base back up.  I thought at a certain point you could rebuild your base.  (spoilers) (No you can't)I am left with a bit of wanting more after I beat the game in experienced mode on my 4th run.  Because after my 3rd run, I knew what is useful and what is not and which missions to take.  Part of how hard this game is, is the learning curve and once you get pass that the levels do not get harder.  Besides the last mission.I feel and suspect the designers knew their game is too short and wanted to make the last level as hard as possible.  And the last level puts up turn sinks where you have to waste turns on a spot.  Thus making the level harder, I think this is a cheap way to force the time spent on your game.  I would like a free DLC, maybe there will be one I haven't read the forums but this game leaves you hanging.Anyways, 2 more days until Witcher 3.  This game was a nice distraction."
76561197987733274,Recommended,243970,16374626,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,alexsamuraiuuu,"Very good game mechanics, decent replayablity, the story is nothing remarkable or the characters. You can get a good 5-10 hours of entertainment, maybe more if you try to unlock more gameplay elements from multiple runs. Klei is awesome."
,Recommended,243970,16377952,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,absalom,This game is amazing.
76561197973952918,Recommended,243970,16611502,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,blu_light16,"Sneaking steadily into the future, Invisible Inc. is sure to please fans of both stealth and turn-based strategy. A steep learning curve can make it difficult to warm up to, but impressive depth, customizability, and replayability easily make it worth the time.The major highlight is the variety of abilities, both for your agents and hacking entity “Incognita”. They give the player a great degree of control and flexibility – essential for the high difficulty and occasionally unfair procedurally-generated maps. I also like the moody visual/audio presentation, which aptly depicts the oppressive corporate-dominated sci-fi world.I have an issue with the length, though. The last mission in particular feels less like a finale and more like a turning point, after which I was expecting the story to begin a new arc. But...then the credits started rolling. It's a shame, because the way the game is designed would have made it easy to write a longer, more thought-provoking story. Thankfully, the replay value of the 5-hour campaign is very high; it's fun to play around with different abilities and character builds.As it is, Invisible Inc. feels like second-tier turn-based strategy, behind XCOM: Enemy Unknown and Valkyria Chronicles. As a fan of stealth games, I love how unique it is, and how deep it can be at times, but I also feel that it could have been much better. No regrets picking it up, though.(Rating: 8/10 “Very Good”)"
,Recommended,243970,17536455,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,dastardlydeer,"Tactical espionage in the vain of XCOM. The beautiful aesthetics and haunting soundtrack set a great tone for the game and the limited amount of weapons makes for challenging, yet satisfyingly complex gameplay."
76561198094400515,Recommended,243970,11972475,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Herr Doktor,"-Got through first 2-3 missions nicely-got to this mission in which I robbed all vaults-was laughing histericaly with 2214$ and all my agents alive-started looking for the elevator-couldnt find it-2 of my agents were knocked down-I revived one-the revived one revived the other-continued looking for the elevator-got to alert level five (this could be bad... ah whaterver)-guards were everywhere and I only had one amo for the rifle left-had to kill an elite guard-escaped-STILL COULDNT FIND ELEVATOR-got to alert level 6 ( alert level 6= VERY, VERY, VERY, F*CKING BAD!)-still got to escape in various occasions FROM incoming guards-realized maybe they were guarding the elevator-at this point there were guards, enforcers, and (elite?) enforcers INVESTIGATING EVRYWHERE-they knocked 2 of my agents (again)-tried to squeeze out of the problem-died totally surrounded by guards-the contact lady said: BLOODY HELL (...hehehe)- got depressed-OH NEW CHARACTER!OVER 9000/10"
,Recommended,243970,12270680,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,weregamer,"This is an excellent little game. Tense and fun turn-based stealth action, and less painful than Frozen Synapse. This prerelease game is already more fun than some finished ones."
76561198003121959,Recommended,243970,13514762,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Goadfang,"Very difficult, very rewarding. Awesome sound and controls. Cool premise. If you want a game that tests your patience, planning, and execution, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,243970,13675863,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,federated state of trollnesia,"It's pretty good, gameplay is sometimes tricky, sometimes rewarding, and sometimes frustrating. There's not much story or character development, whcih is its only drawback."
76561198020231607,Recommended,243970,15862915,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,x3mnawrocki,"Invisible Inc is a really well built game.Featuring a clean gameplay, art, animation, great color palette and isometric-style camera.From start to finish you're in for a good amount of stealth tactical combat on random-generated levels. Squad-building and spending strategies as main premises for success as well as an overhaul of options (on how hard you want the game to be) and few unlockables make this title have a good replay value. It's similar to original X-COM's concepts."
76561198002820163,Recommended,243970,19574579,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Surgat,"This game is glorious.I've been playing for quite some time now, and it just keeps getting better.Tactical turn-based spy gameplay within a cyberpunk universe, need I say more?Spend hours just unlocking and combining different agent abilities, and then try to survive to the end.It will challenge you, but if you beat it, you'll feel very rewarded... And then you'll want to start again with different agents.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,243970,19571206,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Geert Jan,Recommended
76561198001151481,Recommended,243970,19471826,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,CX,Awesome art style and game world. Addictive gameplay. Difficult tactical decisions in game. Bad choices will haunt you.Only complaint is that Internationale is too good. You limit yourself severly without her.Looking forward to a sequel storyline.
,Recommended,243970,17843050,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Original,"For those that love the idea of XCOM but are driven batty by the dice rolls making your best laid plans fall on their face, this is the game we've been waiting for.  As you explore the facility with the alarm dial gradually rising it gets satisfyingly tense and with only the limited use rewind system to fall back on every action actually does count.  The amount of different guards, tools, augments and agents is also large enough that repeated plays are well worth it.I believe the lack of substantive story has been criticized but for me there's just enough to keep things rolling without bogging you down on needless character development.  You'll become more than attached to your characters over the course of a campaign as they come ever closer to getting discovered by an army of armored security personnel and murder droids.Only thing I want from this game is more!  I believe they're planning DLC that will expand the already extensive list of options and I can't wait!"
76561198079632365,Recommended,243970,19516931,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,TSoKool,"What a great game. Expect I'll keep coming back to this one for a long time, just like FTL and XCOM. Recomended."
76561198150429245,Recommended,243970,19520801,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,j.s.sebastian,"Awesome game! That a turn-based game can create so much tension in almost every single randomly generated level I've played is just amazing. There are so many memorable moments emerging from the tight design and brilliant procedural generation!Like the time my whole squad played ring around the rosies to narrowly evade the one guard with armor we could not neutralize,.. Or the missions played with 4 agents with 3 weapons between them after starting the campaign with 2 rescue missions... Or that mission where I thought I could go deeper to  loot some safes and ended up barely making it out while running out of lethal ammo... Or the one where the financial executive we had stolen the codes from was running around like a panicked, headless chicken and kept spotting my agents...One thing that makes it work is that you can pick your risk vs reward... if a missions starts out easy, you tend to try to explore/loot more, until things start getting too dangerous, which can happen quite suddenly if you make a mistake or just overextend. Another thing that helps is the full information and zero randomness (once the level is laid out), so that you never lose an agent to an unlucky shot (as is the norm in xcom). This, combined with the relatively short campaign makes iron-man-like modes viable for me."
76561198092222591,Recommended,243970,30543868,Posted: 16 March,all,Valar Bronzeghulis,"really great game,it might not be the game you pick on a whim however the moment you get into it its extremely hooking."
,Recommended,243970,19664532,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,AVelhavenn,"tl;dr : The best stealth game I've ever played. Buy itwith the expansion.Invisible, Inc. is a rouge-like turn-based stealth game where you're controlling several agents through procedurally generated maps filled with guards, traps and loots. Its turn-based nature make it sidestep the central problem with stealth genre : The fact that waiting is boring. In this game, you never needs to wait since your agent is the one observing enemies for you. So instead of wasting your precious time, you're using an agent's action point to make a strategic decisions on whether it's worth it to determine the guards' patrol route or peek through doors.Since the game is turn-based, it only make sense to make the map procedurally generated. So I guess they just went all in and made the game a rogue-like. And itworks. The only time I got bad maps that I'd rather not deal with is during early game of Expert Plus difficulty runs which includes more guards. Every playthrough also feels different since there's a lot of variety with agents, programs and items. Extra point for making the unlock painless, 2 successful campaigns and I already unlocked all agents.Last but not least, I strongly recommend playing the game with contingency expansion. The campaign on base game is short (around 9 missions, compared to around 16 with contingency) and it feels weird since it's basically just several early game missions before jumping to the end mission. Endless mode fixes that by adding exit pass, but I bet people won't be able to guess that there's some unique mechanics in endless mode. Also, Endless mode is improved with contingency too, so there's no reason to not grab it.In closing, if you have any interest in stealth games, Invisible, inc. is a must buy. It's a solid blend of stealth and rogue-like, bringing forth the strength of both with many customization options if you find some aspect undesirable.PS: I strongly recommend playing endless mode until 3rd week after you got decent at the expert campaign. Your stealth experience is incomplete until you got Fractal 2.0 in an FTM facility full of Omni guards with 4 routers and 2 Scanners."
,Recommended,243970,32034844,Posted: 28 May,all,Vulpen Avi,"I've played this game over and over and I don't get tired of playing. Even if the missions are similar, each can be approached differently."
76561198128470731,Recommended,243970,21242269,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Redless,"Invisible Inc.'s gameplay is a good implementation of a great cabal of ideas. It is turn based and all the interactions are fairly clear and deterministic, so it's easy to play in that sense. It is a stealth game, so it has the classic mechanics of running away, hiding, and using gadgets to set traps. Also, it is randomly generated and loseable, which removes the chore of replaying stages over and over again like in a traditional stealth game.It also adapts those mechanics in a novel way, since the game focuses more on stealing money and gear in preparation for a final mission than clearing specific objectives in individual missions. This adds a nice risk management element, and valuation is required to know what to steal. It also has loads of characters and customization options, all of which are very welcome.So I really recommend this game. That said, it's not without its flaws. Unlike most modern strategy games, most of invisible's flaws are related to gameplay and are very difficult to even notice. It took me 70 hours of gameplay to really notice anything wrong with it, which is an incredible testament to its design. I strongly recommend this game, and if you are thinking of buying it maybe it's best not to read about its flaws, and just stop reading now. But otherwise, here:-Character balance is bad. Some characters are miles and light years easier to win with, some are much harder to win with. Same thing with the programs you can start with, once you realize which ones are good, you realize they are good by a huuuuge margin. I guess you can still play with the bad characters/programs, if you want.-The game has LONG arcs. One playthrough is something absurd like 150 minutes (even longer with the DLC), which is very long considering you should be replaying it a lot. As a result you get feedback as to if your strategies are working very slowly, and a loss will cost you many minutes of thought.-The game's risk management... Well, it took me 78 hours to realize this, because of the second problem, but it turns out that the final mission is very doabe with little more than the equipment that you start the game with, if you pick the right starting agents and programs (even on the hardest difficulties). So the idea of trading risk for resources... If you are playing optimally just do the least risky thing if you've picked a good enough starting team.Anyways, in spite of its flaws, the game delivered almost a hundred hours of high-quality enjoyment to me, so I strongly recommend it."
76561198008458836,Recommended,243970,16666544,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,vaynhp,"Very great game, I love it! If you combine Xcom, Stealth and FTL together, you get Invisible Inc. Great replay value, much entertainment."
76561198014446259,Recommended,243970,17260016,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,buchanan.johnd,I love the replayability of this game. I love how challenging it is. I love all the configurable difficulty settings. I love all the different characters and the different play styles they enable. I love this game.
,Recommended,243970,17426560,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Quizzicality,"A really fantastic, albiet short game.  There's about 8-10 levels in the main story, and I was admitedly disappointed when I finished.  However, the game makes up for it with precedurally generated content, ""endless"" mode, and a plethora of settings to choose from to customize it the way you want to play.  It's basically a stealth mash up of X-Com: Enemy Unknown and Frozen Synapse, but that's not a bad thing.I bought this game for 12 bucks and spent around 10 hours non-stop playing it, and there are very few games that I find that addicting."
76561197972679272,Recommended,243970,17053964,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,BuzuBuzu,"Invisible Inc. is one of the best games I've ever played.  I love every part of it, even the awesome pun in the game's title.  The gameplay is very tightly tuned, the graphics ooze style, and the UI and game mechanics are so polished they're practically iridescent; and the atmosphere, oh man, don't even get me started on that.  After all the time I've spent with the game (200 hours and counting), each mission's pervading sense of tension and disquiet still makes my body pump out adrenaline without fail.Klei, the game's publishers, are the defacto demigods of stealth games (just play Mark of the Ninja to see why) and this game only adds to their distinguished pedigree in that regard.  You start each game with two unique agents (as well as an eccentrtic AI) and minimal gear and finances.  Your main task is growing, developing, and upgrading your team by doing tactical missions while racing against a 72 hour clock which when reduced down to zero will make you face the final mission - ready or not.  The tactical missions are all turn based and take place in isometric 3d on various randomly generated levels of four mega corporations (each with unique enemies and challenges).  Each mission gives you the opportunity to gain credits and equipment, but they also have unique objectives (rescuing a new agent to add to your team, implanting your agents with new cybernetic augments, purchasing new hacking software for your AI, or hacking a corporate executives brain for access codes to corporate vaults amongst others).  With a turn tracker constantly increasing alarm levels (which in turn increase the challenge of a level by activating cameras, increasing the difficulty of hacking devices on a level, spawning new guards and drones, and even pinpointing the location of your agents) it is imperative to complete each mission as quickly and quietly as possible.  To aid you in that regard, there is a huge amount of weapons/gadgets/items (stun rifles, cloaking devices, speed stimulants to name but a few), permenant augments (which let you punch through enemy armor, kill guards without activating their heart monitors, or reduce the cooldown on certain items to name a couple), and new programs to aid your agents and your AI.The game's replayability is incredible, and it will take you at least a few playthroughs to unlock all the possilbe starting agents and programs in the game.  There are also very challenging Plus modes for masochists and veterans of the game mechanics.  Finally, there's an Endless mode where you can keep doing missions to try and keep your team alive for as many days as possible.Go play this great game!"
,Recommended,243970,17435150,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,nvrd,Only multiplayer could make this game more fun
76561197993258065,Recommended,243970,17167377,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Oblyvious,Fantastic Game
,Recommended,243970,17417189,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Mayo,"Use your brain well and you'll remember to stand over KO'ed enemies, rewind when nessesary, don't use all of your power points,always peek, use action points only when sure and please.....CLOSE ALL THE DOORS YOU OPEN. This game is fun and uses a turn based strategy mechanic that is intense and quite pressuring at times. Find good camera angles to make sure you see every enemy on your screen because believe me, you wont always see everyone."
76561198020166898,Recommended,243970,17419032,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Maacbeyr,"I'm not saying it's like chess, but it's like chess.A turn-based strategy game on a time limit; think Shadowrun with a bit of FTL thrown in for good measure. Where one wrong move can end your mission, luckily you can rewind if you screw up and get an agent horribly murdered. Collect what you can in 72 hours or die trying, either way you progress towards new unlocks to start the process again. The game is fully fleshed out and is set to receive more content in the future, highly recommended (especially on sale.)"
76561198006602199,Recommended,243970,17180590,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,The Operative,"So, yes, Invisible, Inc. really is Hitman meets XCOM meets FTL...or whatever fits your personal formula of stealth action + turn based strategy + permadeath rogue-like. The execution is great, leading to a game that is both strategically challenging and genuinely nerve-wracking: Recently, I started the last level right before going to bed, and--one nail-biting hour later--I found myself unable to sleep because I was still pumped up on adrenaline.(For a game, that's a good thing.)Like XCOM and other strategy/action hybrids, the game basically has a mission phase and a planning phase: On a mission, your agents are dropped into a procedurally generated level, through which you sneak, steal, KO, and kill your way to your objective. Every turn, an alarm increases and after five turns, something bad for your team happens, whether that be more cameras, a new guard, or revealing the location of your agents. Along the way, you manage your Power, which you can spend to  hack safes, turn off cameras, and control drones. It all comes together surprisingly well, and each piece requires attention, but never feels overwhelming.In the planning phase, you spend money on upgrades and equipment, and pick your next mission--there are about eight mission types that range from liberating agents from detention centers to looting company vaults to getting cybernetic upgrades for your team. Weighing which missions to take based on the rewards, difficulty, and travel time isn't difficult, but it is thought provoking. The strategy required in this phase is pretty basic--it's no XCOM, but it's engaging enough.For wimps (i.e. like me) the two easier difficulties give you a set number of Rewinds per mission. Basically, you can go back in time one whole turn and can re- or un-do the mistakes you made. This makes the game far more accessible, considering that losing an agent can often mean the end of that run. and the hardcore can reduce the number or turn it off entirely. I typically play games on the hardest difficulty, but I actually found the middle difficulty a nice balance--the hardest difficulty (and its one rewind per mission) demands a fair number of restarts, which I just wasn't committed enough for. If none of those sound appealing, there's a plenty lengthy set of custom difficulty options, which is even better.The only complaint I have is minor--the main incentive in most rogue-likes to go back and re-play them is experimineting with different playstyles. In practice, the agents don't play all that differently and the eight mission types are largely similar. I wish the agents had some stronger differentiation and/or there were some sort of other agency-bonus that made trying different strategies and tactics more rewarding. Some missions that felt drastically different--and demanded a different style of play--would also be welcome.Overall, though, those are minor complaints. This is a great example of a well executed mash-up that ends up being greater than the sum of its parts. And I love the style, too.  Top notch work."
,Recommended,243970,17422489,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,rashad,"this is my first review but I have plenty of time on this game. Simply put, it is one of the best stealth games I have ever played. I play allot of stealth games. Being made by klei it is an indie title that feels very indie, but these guys do a good job making a game feel polished. It takes advantage of its smaller budget by being very simple and easy to play. Though I cant scratch the feeling that the game could have more content, I do have to admit that I continue to find new items and new tactics almost every time i play it. any other stealth game can learn a thing or two about creating suspense and a powerful since of gratification. I have played through this so many times I cant count, but I will have to say that the only way they can improve upon what they accomplished is by giving the sequel a solid budget."
,Recommended,243970,17426536,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Evans,I don't think I've enjoyed any game as much as this in recent memory. Probably one of the best tactical games I've ever played. Who knew a turn based game could provide such tension and drama! Will definitely recommend.
,Recommended,243970,17434269,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Cop Killer,"Imagine x-com had good stealth and that 9 times out of 10 you died and you'd get Invisble, Inc.it is the game"
,Recommended,243970,17153927,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Ashley,"Amazing game. Great design, concept, the lot. I'm just a little too used to XCOM and want to rush in head first.. Thus, can't get past the second mission :P Oh well, keep on trying!"
76561198039301706,Recommended,243970,17418757,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Slade,Great!
76561197970790928,Recommended,243970,17423360,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Ser_Rule1,My favourite strategy/tactics game of 2015.  Would play again.
,Recommended,243970,17438123,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,number one baller,Awesome game. XCOM + Gunpoint + Procedural maps. The tension ratchets up and it's often not possible to do visit every location or loot every safe in a level... you have to pick your targets and get out... things get pretty tense near the end of each level.
76561198003703827,Recommended,243970,17434847,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,captaindefenestrator,"Dig turn-based strategy (X-Com, Civ, Xenonauts) and dig stealth games (Splinter Cell, Thief).  Would NOT have thought to combine them, but it totally works.  My only complaint is that I finished it too quickly.  MAKE WITH THE DLC, YA ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥S!!!"
76561198044334143,Recommended,243970,17420439,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,apelinc0ln,This game si ♥♥♥♥ing amazing
,Recommended,243970,17445844,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Erudite,"A novel blend of stealth, turn based strategy and roguelikes that has been one of my favourites of 2015."
,Recommended,243970,17438979,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Schlaefer,"The alpha version was extremely challenging, and I hated it and couldn't find my way into the game.Then they added a short, shiny story and tons of polish. They must have put pretty much ALL the community feedback into the game because you can now effectively turn off ALL the game mechanics you might possibly dislike. Or just retry difficult turns and missions.I absolutely love it."
,Recommended,243970,14303398,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,GingerWookiee,"The only game I've played like this is FTL; you want to get your character(s) as much wealth, and therefore upgrades and equipment as possible in the run up to an absolutely nails-hard final mission. The unpredictability of the procedural levels has ended many of my games abruptly, dished out incredibly good fortune and most importantly, created tense stealth moments – I'm a fairly big Metal Gear Solid fan, they've captured that satisfaction of pulling off dangerously close manoeuvres around outnumbered and more dangerous enemies. Stealth is generally the order of the day, but there's success in gunning down your enemies, too, whether that's with your own weapons or hacking turrets to do it for you.I see a few people asking why there's any reason to keep playing, for me the procedural levels and the range in different characters' abilities is keeping me going (at the time of writing, 6 characters, 5 with an alternative version). The continually escalating alarm, which gradually turns on more security cameras and deploys additional guards keeps the situation tense.There's plenty I've barely explored, I haven't even tried all the characters yet and it's clear there's a wealth of upgrades for them and Incognita (the system you use to hack) that I've still not touched. I've completed the story, but I still haven't got into a vault yet...This is probably the best early access game I've bought into, the unpredictable content is already enough to keep me invested, the quality of the art and music is great, and it's created cool moments I want to tell other people about – a sought-after quality in games for me. If you like games like FTL and/or stealth you should give it a go."
76561198039012058,Recommended,243970,17806158,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Hwang Yanron,"A highly recommended, one of the best indie developed turn-based strategy game that has amazing replayability.Pros:Simple, flat out and amazing art - its like comics simply amazingUnique characters and skill sets - the combinations can be limitless (if they plan to release a DLC * fingers crossed)Customizable level of difficulty adds flexibility to any types of player (less challenge vs more challenge vs near impossible)A strategy game that teaches you to close the door behind you (or in front of you :-D)Cons:Minor bugs on certain characters (like Nika when spotted by a guard of 2 or 3 she somewhat spins to turn so fast)The UI layout can be improved, each corner of the screen has different data to hold. I tend to look down most of the time when moving or checking player stats.Very short story - for me this is bad although not the selling point (great stories = great content = great value to money = incredible replayability!)I'd rate this a 4/5Verdict:Go buy it - if you like xcom, jagged alliance or any tactical turn based strategy gameDon't buy it - if you get easily bored."
,Recommended,243970,15832310,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,ANIMU TIDDIES,"Do you like Tactical games? Roguelites? Stealth games? If you answered yes to any of these, you'll likely enjoy Invisible Inc.Full Review:https://docs.google.com/document/d/1vEM_hB5AolrqrvmBVnfQsaP36eE8qnyvcBFboc0NMo8/edit?usp=sharing"
,Recommended,243970,19423886,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Jojo,"a nice roguelike game, but rather simple in mechanics if you are to compare with other klei games itself. it lacks some variety in the combat and the stealth mechanics, like, in mark of the ninja you could kill, disable, use traps, make enemies go bat♥♥♥♥♥♥crazy by throwing corpses at them and they would kill their friends and things like that, and was one of the things that made me love the game, the variety. in this one, you get to stun, kill, extend the stun period, and pretty much that. It falls too short on the variety factor and it kinda kills the replayability of it for me, i could imagine a ton of mechanics that would have made the game far more replayable, and expand your possibilities in combat (like you could get the enemies as hostage, implant something in them to make them your ally for some time as you make with the robots, it would be so fun), expanding the fun.It isn't a bad game, not really, in fact this review is positive, and i have replayed the game (that, story wise is rather short, didn't bought the dlc yet to comment on that) multiple times, but i'm seeing that i'll  not play for as long as i would like because of the lack of variety. the artstyle is neat, ♥♥♥♥ing gorgeous, the ost is fine, i din't pay too much attention, not that memorable, but is there and it's not bad, the character roster is sweet too, they vary the gameplay in very unique ways, and the augment system is there too, you put implants in your agents and they get special abilities such as wireless hacking, increased armor piercing.You should note that, before buying, that it is a pretty brutal game, if played in the hardest difficulties. You have to plan very carefully, as you have no room for mistakes and you can get killed at any moment for something as trivial as a spot you moved in wrongly.Overall, a solid game, fun, but the combat gameplay possibilities kinda dissapointed me, compared to any of the other klei titles (see shank, don't starve, mark of the ninja...), it's a very good game, i can recommend it to any turn based or roguelike fan, and hope that new features are added in future dlcs."
,Recommended,243970,17515580,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Rangutang,"This is probably the game I will have spent the most time playing this year. I've never played a game that was so perfectly tuned to put me into mortal peril, and yet always leave me a thread of hope that I can achieve total victory. Extremely intense, and yet also possible to play with a baby on your lap."
,Recommended,243970,19230940,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Mole,Perfect blend of grid-based RPG & stealth game. Reminds me of the original X-COM.
76561197963908835,Recommended,243970,26682343,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Cronstintein,"Very interesting take on stealth mechanics for a turn-based environment.  I have to commend the devs for doing something new: a stealth roguelite.  It's got a really interesting push-pull effect with the alarm system of trying to maximize your loot on each mission while still escaping against ever increasing resistance.The limited rewind lets you experiment a little and gives you a chance to recover from an unexpected screw-up.There's nothing better than pushing your luck and barely escaping, it's a rush!"
,Recommended,243970,12221088,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,413X,"The random generated map shoots itself in the foot sometimes. Some maps are near impossible to complete due to the layout. If you fail once, you lose the game entirely. Which basically means, dont ever, ever, ♥♥♥♥ up. Still, its pretty funny. In time, it could be great"
,Recommended,243970,19167633,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Nexxarian,"While I do find this fun, even on the beginner difficulty it's quite difficult."
76561197999797567,Recommended,243970,16344705,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,TheOctagon,"I've been playing this game since Alpha, and it has gotten better and better every time. As one of the more unique takes on the stealth genre, Klei should be applauded for its bold approach, all the while maintaining that same sense of urgency and/ or dominance the player feels when playing the standard stealth game.My only qualms with the game itself is its repetitive nature. While fans of XCOM or Fire Emblem understand that this repetition in map design and enemy types comes with the territory, other people just jumping into a game like this will probably be bored of having only three to five different types of objectives. stun the CEO, steal the map plans, rescue that one guy from the detention center, hack the database or genetics lab for upgrades... oops, you lost, now do it all again. How about plant a bomb? Tap a line to listen in on communications? Assassinate a dictator? Protect an asset?Regardless, a fine gem of a game, one that has refreshed the genres that it associates with. 9/10"
,Recommended,243970,20105345,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Actually Dustrat,"It's a really fun game, definitely. My only beef is it's way too short. the game mechanics are fun and invigorating, the strategy is deep enough to reward thoughtful play, and it's not any sort of rocket science to pick upEdit: Someone commented that endless mode is a thing, and that does a pretty good job offsetting my biggest complaint. I mean, technically the main story lasts only 5 days, but endless will give you time to connect with your squad and push them to the limit."
76561198019696234,Recommended,243970,20136258,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,marmalada180,"Turn-based strategy and  very challenging (but satisfying), especially when you first start playing. The story is decent but it is the missions (procedurally generated) by themselves that make this game interesting. You steal credits from these missions to upgrade your agents to face increasingly tougher enemies. Certainly not a game for everyone."
76561197969417125,Recommended,243970,16656256,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,G00N3R,"Invisible Inc places the player in charge of a futuristic spy agency, fighting against large multi-national corporations. Gameplay is turn based, as you move your agents around office style environments that are divided up into a square grid. Movement distance is limited by Ability Points, and most weapons and gadgets have cooldowns. Its a system that has been growing in popularity over last couple of years, so if you've played games such as Xcom, Shadowrun or Wasteland 2, you'll instantly feel comfortable.There is more of an emphasis on stealth, rather than direct combat. Ammo for lethal weapons is rare, so most weapons simply knock out guards temporarily. Its best to avoid confrontation for as long as possible. The security alarm increases each turn, and any time you're detected, or you kill a guard, the alarm rises even faster. Higher alarm levels bring more tech online (surveillance cameras, firewalls, drones), and summon more guards. There's always a tough choice between exploring the map for more loot, and getting out fast, before the security level becomes too high.Mission locations include prisons, where you can rescue an agent (you start with 2 agents, maximum squad size is 4), bank vaults which obviously have lots of cash, finance offices where you can find special key cards to use at bank vaults, manufacturing plants where you can find advanced gadgets (such as cloaking devices and stun grenades), and server farms where you can acquire programs to help you hack and disable security tech. You have limited time to prepare for the final mission, so again there are some tough decisions to be made when prioritising which missions to play.Maps are randomly generated, which adds a lot of replayability. There's also a form of permadeath. If all your agents die on a mission, its game over. I think any game that combines these two elements needs to be careful with the difficulty balance. Getting screwed over by a particularly evil random map could be frustrating. Thankfully, Invisible Inc seems to have good balance. There are lots of options where you can customise the difficulty level, including allowing the possibility of rewinding a turn to undo a mistake, or even replaying entire missions. And the various gadgets and abilities can help get you out of some really tough situations. Its also worth mentioning that there is no random chance relating to combat. If a weapon is able to hit an enemy, it will hit every time.My biggest complaint is that the story is very basic, and unfortunately its the same every time. The game is designed to be replayed multiple times (a complete campaign will only take around 4 hours), so it would have been nice if the story allowed for some branching based on player choices. As it is, you'll listen to the dialogue once, then hammer the skip button on every subsequent playthrough. And its not really that interesting first time around anyway.Overall, Invisible Inc is a really good game. If you like tactical gameplay you should find alot of enjoyment here."
76561198017681447,Recommended,243970,15933632,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,ferretsrule,"Just finished my first play through on easy, firstly this game is not Xcom as some have suggested. Being an Xcom addict it shares a few minor similarities, but nothing that a hard core Xcom player would immediately make them love this. So the reason I would recommend, re-playability and the opportunity to unlock more options/characters with each play through. It’s a quick jump in and out chess style turn based stealth/small team tactical game.I would also suggest those who enjoy and deep and long drawn out story may be disappointed, story development wise it’s quick and enjoyable but not something you would rave about. Once you've played once you would only play again just to see what the different combination of characters/equipment and programs would do, but that would keep you going for a fair while longer."
,Recommended,243970,22630172,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,LeMoR,Not having an option to restart makes the game more challenging and makes you think about your next step.Get ready for some real challenging stealth genre where the developers don't care how many times you lose.Worth it! I accept your challenge sir!But I want more DLCs! More variation in gameplay and artillery.
76561197981668365,Recommended,243970,17151529,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Sammo,"If XCOM and Shadowrun Returns had a baby, it would be Invisible Inc.  The art style is timeless and the animation is smooth and rewarding.  No mission and replay is the same thanks to random mission layouts, except for all the tasing (zzzoT!  mmm, creds).  A handful of turn rewinds keeps you from being tempted to copy/paste on actual save files.Live with your mistakes.  Your agents will die.  Deal with it.  Go on the next run.  All the XP stacks up, even on failed games.Good action in small chunks for the busy 9-5 cubical slave."
,Recommended,243970,17202406,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Chevraut,"Don't miss out on this, it's fun, not-too-hard and keeps you thinking about the optimal move. The campaign is short and compact enough, it leaves you wanting for more.I rarely write reviews, but I must say Invisible Inc deserves its pricing tag of 20$"
,Recommended,243970,17438421,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Garrett Of Rivia,"Its quite fun, really challanging and its got a great art style. With that said, it doesn't have the replayability you'd expect from a turn based stratagy game, after finishing it twice i feel content with not playing it for a while, which wouldn't be bad, if it didnt take about 2-3 hours to beat it. One thing to look out for are mods as the mod does support steam workshop."
76561198081795747,Recommended,243970,17420976,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,fbastard30,"I enjoyed the game.  It did seem like you get everyone up to snuff and then the game ends. Or, If you maximize the game time it never ends.  But. I did enjoy the game play after I figured it our.  I guess there won't be a follow up; at least the ending seems to close the book."
,Recommended,243970,17424586,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Greenboot,Fun rogue like. If you like tatics style games you'll like this one too.
76561197999455720,Recommended,243970,15958681,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Andross,"I will use the words I read of another review out there: Invisible Inc. has the courage to STAY in the realm of stealth.So if you like to play the game your way and would like to go in guns blazing like its Shadowrun... you better be a grand master at the game and even then it will be a rough ride.Invisible Inc. is something I felt like a stealth version of X-Com. Turn based stealth in randomly generated levels rouguelike.You play as the ""Operator"" under the command of the chief of Invisible after they got ambushed by the corporations, a thing that will baffle your two main characters Monst3r, a broker with an income ""bigger than a small countries GDP"" and Olivia Gladstone, the aformentioned chief.As the operator you guide your agents and a computer AI, Incognita,  through the corporations in hit and runs to get info and gear, preparing for the final mission.The game starts with a tutorial on all the main mechanics with Decker, your modern day Noir agent.here you will learn the most important thing about Invisible: getting seen is the first step towards failing the entire mission in many occasionsMain mechanics are:-Walking and taking ""peeks"", your most important tool in my opinion, with your AP. This includes using camera and guard blind spots-Knocking out enemies who will NOT stay knocked out for the entire mission-Using your AI to hack and manipulate the electronics in the enviroment-Opening and closing doors a surprisingly useful tool to block vision and lure guardsI could go on and on how many cool little things and items there are in the game but I find its better to experiment and find out. This IS a rouguelike, so its designed to be played again after failing.The most interesting part of this game is the capability of choosing your missions. You have 72 hours to prepare for the final mission. Invading certain sites will give you certain benefits (money, gear or even the possibility of unlocking a site of your choice).You have to roll with what you get and that is fun e.g. I got a very high level item and had a choice of selling it for some cash or using it even though I never had before. It worked out well.The thing you will also notice it you are on the clock. Every turn the alarm will go up and the level will slowly become harder.Here the stealth comes in very nicely. Getting spotted advances the tracker prematurely as well as killing guards among other things so being expertly sneaky you will make it actually easier for you.And yes, the game reminds you. You have NO CHANCE in a stand-up fight against the corps. EVERY guard is a deadshot and will down your agents in ONE shot if they see them and you move or take another action except ducking for cover or taking them down.Here I would like to gush how this game reminds me of Shadowrun. There are 4 megacorps: FTM, K&O, Sankaku and Plastech. They all have different guards, Sankaku will have bots in their sites others will have special units of other kinds. I still have not been able to figure out all the specifics, but you will soon figure out which corp you hate the least to invade.Like many roguelikes if you die or complete the final mission, your experience will unlock things for other playthroughs like agents and programs for IncognitaAnd having learned from Don't Starve: The modes you play are fully customizable to insane levels of painfulness so there is no real end to your challange, but as well as making the game a LOT easier should you have trouble with it.The game has its flaws im sure but the only real one I could figure out was that sometimes it can be hard to see where you are going and clicking on squares for your agents to move which can be countered by camera rotation mostly but it nags me a bit.Enough rambling if you love stealth you will enjoy this game because instead of planning an attack you will plan a movement and action strategy to evade.Thanks so much for reading!Tip: I recommend your agents have something I like to call ""saving grace items"". Cloaking rigs, flash grenades a tranq gun or in an emergency a lethal gun to make sure the agent can deal with being spotted by one guard as ducking for cover is sometimes not possible. Decker has one of those items making it a good reason for him to be a starting character."
76561197995292116,Recommended,243970,23802135,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Karl,"This is an interesting game if you like stealth and strategy.  You'll spend your time sneaking around, peeking around corners and in doors, using gadgets and hacks to disable security, and sneaking up on guards to knock them out.  There isn't a ton of variety in the mission objectives.  Generally you'll go in, steal something, and get out.  Each mission is also supposed to be done in a small number of turns because every few turns, security gets tighter, even if you didn't cause any disturbances.My only real complaint would be that the game rushes you to complete it.  Not only within the missions but also in the campaign.  There are a lot of optional missions that you simply don't have time to undertake.  I guess that's okay since it's designed to be replayed, but I don't like being rushed."
76561198053502247,Recommended,243970,31229695,Posted: 18 April,all,soulofireland,"I first played this during a free to play weekend and was completely hooked. The game would be very short without Contingency Plan. I definitely recommend the bundle. Main plot is the same each playthrough, but you can choose which type of mission to pursue and levels are randomly generated. Also, different agents have different abilities for good replayablility. Great turn-based infiltration game! Please make Invisible 2!"
76561198208771008,Recommended,243970,31030458,Posted: 8 April,all,OrderlyKaos,"I really enjoyed Invisible Inc. It is an interesting turn-based stealth game where you must infiltrate buildings, fulfill varying objectives, and escape. I preferred a mostly stealth strategy: knocking people out and only using lethal force when necessary; but there are definitely many different ways to complete levels. What stood out to me the most, was the double-layered sneaking and hacking system. You have to balance advancing with your agents and hacking the cameras, barriers, and robots guarding the path.The story was average in my opinion, but the procedurally generated gameplay was very enjoyable and holds plenty of replay value."
76561198037255694,Recommended,243970,29333894,Posted: 18 January,all,NOONESPLAYINGMARVEL,Pros-Strategic as heck-Character progression-Various amoutns of cool gagets and weapons-interesting choices throughout each playthrough-Rogue lite (tons of replay value)-Addicting gameplay-Difficult but rewardingCons-Minor bugs-I feel a game like this begs for some kind of base managementbut thats just my opinion.-Missions timers feels like a lazy way to add difficultyOverall Invisible Inc is god damn fantastic. It takes allot of trial and error to learn the ropes but the rogue lite nature of the game keeps every play through fresh and intersting. Making different choices while adapting to different playstyles adds tons of strategy and replay value. I dont know any other spy/stealth game thats as open ended and strategic as this.
76561198088281376,Recommended,243970,33231870,Posted: 4 July,all,AGuardianAngel,"Short versionInvisible Inc. is one hell of a game,which will make you love hating it and hate loving it-It's kinda like a sadistic girlfriend,as long as you are masochistic enough,it will dominate you,make you beg for mercy,and odd enough,sometimes give it to you.In the end of the day,though,it could also be me playing (mind you,still playing) blindly,thus I have zero clue what to expect.Overall,a must have,especially on sale.Long versionEven at the very start,after a really cool,stylish introduction,the game warns you that it's going in dry-It's going to be unfair,it will make you tear,but you will suck it up and enjoy it because of how fair it is.For the time I've played,and for the other time I will spend playing,so far I've never said ""This game is BS"" but I said several (hundred) times ""I'm such a idiot"" ""Why did I rush"" ""I should've stayed in cover"" ""Fuu,why didn't I check his movement""-my point,the game will make you angry,but at yourself for the disappointment you ar~ for not thinking things through.If you've played XCOM you will know one half of it-It requires planning,luck and when it works,it works well,when it doesn't...you get to watch your lovely agents die slow,painful death.So,what's the difference.Mainly,this game is (unlike XCOM) based around stealth,which means no more misses because the dice said no at 95% shot,it means it will hurt because every mistake will be your own fault.The levels (kinda like XCOM) are randomly generated (here comest the ""sadistic girlfriend giving you mercy"" part) which means from time to time you will have to cross 3 giant halls to find one of the objectives,while other times the exit and the objectives will be just a room away.Much like XCOM you have a ""time limit"" which is the time left of your lovely AI that will deal with most cyber threats and also teleport you in missions,giving you ""sometimes not so"" motivating words.Thing to note,the game also has an endless mode,Im just not going to touch it until I beat the campain,so yeah...Another similarity is that the more time you waste in missions,the thougher it's going to get,kinda like an erec~You get my point.It seems,as you progress,that what you considered *as worse as it gets* is a mere nothing,compared to what the game has in store...and ,oh how much I enjoy to be surprised...and survive!It's rewarding,escaping a though situation by mere skill and luck.It's surprising too,since you will often be licking the game's foot,as it kicks you down again and again...For the most part,the art is one of the distinctive differences,and it somehow made me want to play don't starve agai~Oh yeah,this game is by Klei,the lovely bunch that brought us don't starve,mark of the ninja and now the Oxygen not included,or whatever the name was,and that should mean a lot-the game has that klei charm to it,and I love it!I want to say so much,but I won't-The less you know,the better,Operator!Just go ahead and enjoy this (sadistic) trip to revenge!Trust me,if you can,when I say the following: ""It's worth it""...did I mention....tasers?Oh,the non-lethal brutality...though you will end up screaming ""Just break his ♥♥♥♥in' skull,dammit,he will wake up after 4 turns and alert his buddies,and hell,that taser has some extra energy in it too!Just,..DO IT,no one's watching,just snap the ~ ...too far?too far.Just buy and see...EDIT: I completed the game,there may be another ending because this one hits like a truck...can't say I didn't saw it coming but still...anyhow,I still believe this game is worth playing"
76561197969039327,Recommended,243970,15814917,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,EddyVegas,"This game is an absolute joy, a shining jewel of craftsmanship and artistry. Graphics are clean, crisp, and evocative. Interface and UI elements, usually one of my pet peeves in most games, well here I can't fault it. Soundscape and voiceovers exceptionally well done. Even the music is great! This is a pro job from top to bottom, it's a whole package where all the parts work harmoniously to create an awesome experience. I can't praise this game enough.So if you enjoyed these games:Jagged Allience 2XCOM (new or old)Or just turn based games in generalThen you need to buy this game, right now. Go ahead, get the credit card out and do it. You NEED this game."
,Recommended,243970,29875005,Posted: 12 February,all,Spider3,"I am a turn-based rpg lover, and I had a good feeling about Invisible Inc, despite I was not sure about randomly generated maps. I normally like when great turn-based combat mechanics meet right challange and a good story.Despite this, I REALLY enjoyed Invisble Inc and cleared the campaign in approx 15 hours. It's definitely a nice game require good thinking, with nice arts and didn't encounter any bug.Only negative point I may say - A.I. could be a little smarter, and ( !! minor how-to-beat-the-game-easily ahead !!)it was enough to get the cloak augment with the other one of KO any enemy in close range to always get out alive from this situation. I had it on 2 agents and was enough to always survive with just a little planing. Should be used max one time instead of giving a cooldown of 10. It was just too easy to KO all enemies with very high armor making the other items/weapons not so important.Anyway, suggested, even at full price, very fun to play!"
,Recommended,243970,16038213,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,OrangeyChocolate,"What's it about?Invisible, Incis a turn-based, rogue-lite, tactical stealth game from Klei Entertainment, the makers of such delights asShank,Mark of the NinjaandDon't Starve. You direct agents on missions in a number of randomly generated levels in order to build up enough power and resources to take on the final mission, all over the course of three short days.How does it play?The closest comparison one can make forInvisible, Incis theXCOMseries. While there are some obvious similarities, flying between missions in your own Skyranger-type aircraft, unit customisation, perma-death, steep difficulty curve etc, there are some equally significant differences. For example, there is no hit-chance RNG that made me give up onXCOM. If you make your agent ambush a guard, or shoot at them, they just do it. It will always succeed unless the guard is armoured and your agent is equipped with a weapon that does not pierce armour.Apart from theXCOM-style unit direction, the main mechanic of the game is manipulating the field by using Incognita, a powerful AI, to hack into the levels mainframe. You can take over security cameras and robots, disable generators and unlock terminals with which to buy new items or programmes for Incognita. Some devices in later levels have Daemon programmes, which cause negative effects when the device is hacked, so caution should be exercised at all times.The game is very fun to play. The controls are very fluid, and the gameplay is smooth. The UI can tend to get a little cluttered if  a lot of things are close together, but since the game is turn-based this rarely matters too much. Much like indie hitFTL: Faster Than Light,Invisible, Incis a game that hinges on your ability to make decisions and manage resources. Since you have such a limited amount of time to prepare for the final mission, you must decide how to spend your money, how to assign roles and if it would be worth risking that high-security firm for the promise of a rare item. When things are going well, you can get a real sense of power as you disable half a facilities security measures, then move your agents in to take down two guards at once. Of course, if things start to go wrong, it can become a heart-pounding game of cat-and-mouse as you try to keep your agents alive and get as much out of the level as you can before (hopefully) escaping.Also likeFTLandXCOM,Invisible, Incgets very hard, very fast. The difficulty ramps up rapidly throughout each campaign; armoured guards and weaponised drones become more common, and mainframe devices require more power to hack. Despite these spikes in difficulty, however, the game is never completely unfair. If one of your agents ends up getting caught and gunned down, more often than not it's your own fault for not making sure you were adequately prepared, or for putting your agent in a silly place. The game is designed to be played through multiple times, with random generation, different characters and a persistent XP and unlock system providing the motivation to keep trying again. Kind of likeDon't Starve, really.How does it look?Klei Entertainment are noted for their use of unique art styles across all of their games, all grounded with design and animation that is distinctly 'Klei'.Invisible, Incis no exception, sporting an incredibly sleek and cool-looking pastel-colour, posterised aesthetic that suits the cyberpunk setting down to the ground. The clean and clear character and environment design lends itself to the gameplay, with the various guards looking different enough to allow you to sum up a situation at a glance, and also allowing for routes to be planned in no time.How does it sound?Invisible, Inc's sound design is very good indeed, with lots of atmospheric music and crisp sound effects. The guards, who appear to all be Canadian, have just enough different ways of saying ""Looking around"" to avoid it becoming tedious, and the voice acting of the main characters is charismatic and engaging. Incognita's little sound bytes also give the impression that you are in control of a powerful, emotionless AI. Just like their art direction, Klei have always done sound very well, andInvisible, Incis no exception.Long story short...Invisible, Inc, apart from having an amazing title, is a great little game. Well put together, smoothly executed, and neatly presented. It would benefit from some DLC offering more agents and items, but that could come later down the line. For now,Invisible, Incis a superb, inexpensive game that provides quick bursts of engrossing, brow-sweatingly tense fun. It's appeal is perhaps more niche thanDon't Starve, but give it a go and you may find lots to enjoy here. Just don't expect much of a story."
,Recommended,243970,16378306,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Silver Aura,"A pretty incredible stealth game which has a very strong aura of ""Chess"" toward the latter half of missions when♥♥♥♥♥♥starts to hit the fan. You're thrown into missions which you choose from a limited handful each playthrough to build yourself up to a grand finale.At the beginning of each mission, you're thrown into a facility with no idea where your goal or your exit is, and control up to four agents at a time to achieve it. With the clock ticking, things get crazy fast. Real fast. Often a step ahead of when you expect, which keeps things constantly exciting.The story is very simple and wont single handedly hold you through more than your first playthrough, but that's to be expected. It's just vague enough to set the stage without being so detailed that it's obnoxiously repetitive. Good for a rougelike which is primarily meant to be played multiple times from start to finish.Character bios are significantly more indepth than the game ever fleshes out which was a disappointment but a mild one at best. Don't Starve has similar indepth lore without much in-game use, so consider lore a bonus to the game, not an essential detail.All and all, if you enjoy turn based games and stealth, you'd be hard pressed to find anything to be truly disappointed over in this game. Highly recommended."
76561198042605753,Recommended,243970,16422578,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,bieber,"Great if you like roguelikes. If you don't know what you are getting into, this is a roguelike game and that means it is very difficult. Don't buy this game and give it a negative review because you died."
,Recommended,243970,16391290,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Pro Built Systems,"An awesome game, even tho it is turn based."
,Recommended,243970,28915910,Posted: 1 January,all,.Sn4ke 天 [Ryzen][Gigabyte],"If you're like me and you enjoyed METAL GEAR AC!D when it first came out on the PSP, then you'll love Invisible Inc. Sure, there are no card decks here, but the turn based stealth strategy core mechanics are there. The difficulty level can be customized to your tastes, but even on the easiest setting, it can be very challenging and fun.The levels are procedurally generated giving it a huge replay value. The game contains RogueLike elements to it, so do not get disencouraged if you fail a few times, you get valuable exp that unlocks more characters and items, that will make your next walkthroughs a bit easier.The music is outstanding and it really makes the tactical espionage theme of the game shine. The whole graphics style is also really cool on a futuristic corporate world.8/10"
76561198153214273,Recommended,243970,28131290,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,SaintKnave,One of the best turn-based tactical games ever. Also one of the best cyberpunk games I've ever played. It's really kind of flawless. The DLC is great as well. Play it!
76561198023049455,Recommended,243970,33801655,Posted: 25 July,all,Yusufu,"After plaing 100 hours here is what I want to say.By the way, This review is spoiler freeInvisible, Inc has consumed most of my freetime. It's randomness adds a lot of replayability to the game. Each playthrough, you start with a character of your choosing, and as you progress, you unlock more characters. The characters you unlock can be saved from prisons or be chosen from the start. Picking up the right pair of agents is tricky and you can end up with a bad set. However, if you know how to use each ones abilities, you will find the game extremely fun. I kept playing the game because I wanted to see if I can beat the expert mode and the expert plus mode.The more powerful you get, the harder the enemies get. So you need to always look for ways to upgrade your characters and leave them with no weakness. Your enemies will abuse their abilities, so make sure you do that as well.And always remember, doors are your best friends!"
76561197974106428,Recommended,243970,24112380,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Kamano,"Enjoyed it a lot!Get it while it's on sale with the Contingency Plan DLC and you are probably going to play it again with different settings after you beat it for the first time and probably will not be disappointed at all.Con: replayability is not so big as it seems at first glance. The campaign is different every time you are starting it again, but actually not soo much and the repeated background story is going to bore you pretty fast after a few games. You could play an endless campaign without ending though, but then your agents will probably be kind of gods sooner or later while the progression of the campign seems rather limited to me. I hope KLEI is going to release a sequel that continues where the story ends and includes even more endgame content for advanced players and very long campaigns, I would buy for sure. :)"
76561198041461815,Recommended,243970,25556498,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Bjola,"This is a hard one. I had fun playing this game and I played for quite a long time... It is so GD hard. I played on easy and it felt like what normal should be at least. Playing at the ""normal"" level? Forget it. I was so frustrated at the game that I was done.I know the counters for this argument. Yeah, yeah. ""Get good"", etc. Whatever. I like a game to be challenging, but this one is just unforgiving to the max. I've never played a game where failure was punished this severely. I've never played a turn based game before. Maybe that was my problem. I had to play this because I'm a stealth junkie and such a fan of Mark of the Ninja.I recommend this game, but I only found it fun on the lowest level."
76561197968119399,Recommended,243970,17455860,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Johkur,I just finished this game on easy mode in about ~9 hours (3 restarts).  Easy mode.  Heh.  It was haaaaard.  I always felt like I was one turn away from failing.  It was incredibly challenging.  I enjoyed it immensely.  In fact – it was so hard I actually rage quit twice.  But it dragged me back both times.  If you like roguelike puzzle games then try it.  If you are smarter than me and easy does not challenge you – there are 5 more levels of difficulty above easy.
,Recommended,243970,35216487,Posted: 25 September,all,malekyth,"After almost a week's time spent in game, I should finally write that positive review! Invisible Inc. is beautiful, atmospheric, challenging, and addictive. The puzzly aspect of gameplay is my favorite thing about it -- like, I need to get rid of this guy to clear the corridor for my own guy, so that means I first need to KO his friend here, and then unlock this door, and THAT means I need to ... etc. Feeling the order of operations assemble in my head is such fun. I want to play eight more games just like this."
76561198037215052,Recommended,243970,35044591,Posted: 18 September,all,229835816,"Best game I've ever played on controlling the difficulty vs your ability. Each level each turn I feel like oh it's too hard it's impossible but finally managed to deal with it. Imagine the feeling of triumph, of conquering. Yet the level is random generated -- it's rogue-like! How is it possible to ensure that high quality in a rogue-like way? Invisible, Inc. just did. Besides the turn-based strategy, plans in the long run also play an important role. Choosing priority between credit/augments/weapon/software leads to totally different ways of challenge. Nice characters nice art design nice sound tracks nice play experience no need to say.PS. It's my first time to write a recommendation/review or whatever it is. I've played 50+ nice games on steam and would recommend a lot of them, yet this one makes me want to write it down."
76561198157431061,Recommended,243970,34974849,Posted: 15 September,all,DonkeyPushesBack,"ame back to this game after completing the tutorial a few months previous, and flunked. Great strategy game, but can be quite challenging even on beginners level.All round great Turn-based game."
76561198061676986,Recommended,243970,35150746,Posted: 23 September,all,AraFin,"Don't ask... just buy it!The graphics, game modes, story line... etc. all top notch! I really enjoyed playing it going to look for more games of the same category."
,Recommended,243970,35197220,Posted: 24 September,all,TseiCo,I think it's just wrong that Klei is more famous for Don't Starve rather than Invisible Inc. This game is almost a masterpiece.
,Recommended,243970,17459344,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,McCree from Gamecube,"This game is Gr8 m8ts,You progress in it like FTL, Learn, Die, progress more, die, die, progress even more, die, die, die, die, die, die, finally win, unlock characters, repeat,BUT ITS FUN!"
,Recommended,243970,15813189,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,IEATPLANETS,"I have been playing this since the first beta version.I've loved playing it as it developed and the outcome is insainly great.This is an amazingly original, strategic, stylized, and fun game.Its sort of a mix of many of my favorite games while still being it's own thing completely (metal gear solid, fallout 1,2, and tactics, wasteland, xcom, tenchu.)This game also has an amazing cyberpunk theme that makes me love it so much more."
76561198207191799,Recommended,243970,28959810,Posted: 2 January,all,Russ Cabbage,"Definitely one of my favorite games! It's challenging, has an intruiging plot, and offers a wide variety of characters and items that are all unique and create a different game experience for the player. I just finished my first playthrough on Beginner mode and with 99 rewinds because I'm just that bad, but for my second I'm giving myself less slack.It's certainly a very difficult game, so keep this in mind when you purchase it. It's meant to be hard, and it is; at times it can even get quite ridiculously so, but it only adds to the challenge of mastering the game. For those complaining about the difficulty, this is obviously not their type of game, but it surely is mine. It's a turn-based game with very smooth and unique, addictive gameplay. The AI isn't even stupid, which was a pleasant realization on my part.One of my complaints about the game is the length, which, in my opinion, could've been longer, but no matter, because there is a lot of replayability. There's an Endless Mode for those who wish for a longer game. I recommend the DLC, as it adds a lot of new content to the base game.Out of 10, I'd give Invisible, Inc. about an 8. I personally think it's worth slightly less than full price, so perhaps wait for a sale before getting it unless you REALLY want to try it out; in which case buy it. I sure you won't be disappointed."
76561198041962282,Recommended,243970,12992363,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Angry Ando,A great game if you enjoy Turn Based Strategy gameplay and the stealth is well implemented.
76561198031665861,Recommended,243970,15891665,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Morbo,"The very best of Klei, in my opinion.I won't describe it to you (many post did that perfectly).Just play to see how a game should be done. It's simply perfect in what it does.I expected a great game from Klei and they just delivered, surpassing my expectations.Beware! I doesn't look addictive..., well, it is, a lot!"
76561198047635356,Recommended,243970,15831608,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Masked Ferret,"If you're a fan of stealth games like Mask of the Ninja or tactical turn-based games like XCOM, you'll love this. You control a team of special agents who are trying to infiltrate a number of high-security corporation buildings to gather intel and gear. After 3 in-game days (approximately 8 missions), you're thrust into a climactic final mission that is nail-bitingly difficult, even on Beginner mode. Difficult, but not unfair.That's really true of all of Klei's games. Every time you ""fail,"" you learn more about how the game works. And in this one, much like Don't Starve, you also earn XP toward unlocking new agents and AI programs that make the process easier.Maps are procedurally generated, there are lots of unlocks and several difficulty modes (including an Endless mode) so there's the potential for 100+ hours of fun gameplay here, easily.If you like these kinds of games, you really can't go wrong. It's an amazingly polished experience all around, extremely challenging and tons of fun."
,Recommended,243970,31385466,Posted: 26 April,all,Moon Shine,"It's a great game, simple as that. The easiest difficulty is hard enough not to be boring, but easy enough to learn the controls and mechanics. The next one is a bit of a challenge, but not frustratingly so. And then it goes full on permadeath FTL-style and screws you over for every little mistake. I love it. They teach you everything, and then throw you in the deep end.If you like very hard games with a resonable learning curve, and stealth games, try this. It's great. The story is nice too, but I much prefer the nice gameplay. Especially since killing people is usually a bad option, and neutralizing them temporarily is much more effective. I always enjoy games that encourage a clean job."
,Recommended,243970,11812183,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Charon,"I know what you're thinking.You're thinking: ""Should I buy this game?""The answer is yes."
,Recommended,243970,12876525,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Mike,"Invisible Inc is a cyberpunk-themed turn-based stealth/strategy game with a fairly interesting story and absolutely amazing characters.The thing about this game is that it really just hits and even exceeds every expectation you can really set for it, in the way that nothing is really disappointing; there are literally no flaws. There are very few games that I can say exceed the expectations set for it flawlessly; but this is certainly one of them."
,Recommended,243970,15856834,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Pride Queen,"Just the mention of ""Turn based Strategy Roguelike Espionage"" is enough to sell me on this game. It lives up to it's expectations and a little bit more. It's a very deep game and will satisfy anyone who enjoys a challenging game that tests your wits. There are tons of customization options that can help you learn the ropes of the game and play at your own pace if you're not confident.I highly recommend this game. :3"
,Recommended,243970,15837617,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Ledow,"XCOM gameplay, ninja stealth (from the makers of Mark of the Ninja!), send your team of agents into secured buildings, hacking the terminals, sneaking past the guards (who can't be easily disposed of for any period of time), set off the alarms and try to make it out alive while they hunt you down.Great game, great fun, very simple old-fashioned isometric turn-based gameplay."
,Recommended,243970,20290615,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,SheikYerbouti,"I bought this game thinking it would be a bit of a gamble.  I enjoyed XCOM and this looked similar but I really wasn't sure it would be my thing.  Well, I now have more hours in this than I do in XCOM.This game certainly isn't going to be for everybody but if you have even a slight interest in this genre, you owe it to yourself to give this game a shot.  It is truly a wonderful game."
,Recommended,243970,11923337,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Zeks,"Unlike Sword of the stars: The Pit, this game actually respects your time."
76561198000827563,Recommended,243970,15834376,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Mujizik,"This game is amazing, a little XCOM, a little MGS, a little Dark Souls difficulty and a huge way fun! Do recommend quite a lot! 10/10"
,Recommended,243970,12447169,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Dangerous Pudding,Invisible Inc Is awesomeit will make you think you'r action and consequence's every time u take a stepThe game concept is definetly new for meRate 9.5/ 10
76561198018847741,Recommended,243970,17787938,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Brasidas,"Invisible Inc. is a little gem of a game.""Little"" because I completed it in less than 10 hours. It's true that the devs try to create a bit more replayability by having additional agents who can be unlocked, different (harder) levels, etc. but it all still feels like the game falls short on the ""depth"" bit.Despite that, I really like this game: It has decent graphics, a good storyline, engaging music and a very capable turn-based combat system. You're basically an ""operator"" in charge of 2 agents whom you use to conduct covert missions. In these missions, you get to score cash, loot, and upgrades for your agents. It's undeniably fun and addictive.Here's the best part: The core strategy in Invisible is stealth. IF you jump in, guns blazing, or trigger happy, killing every guard you see, I can almost guarantee you'll lose. And the game does not allow you to save progress while on missions. You only get one save game before and after the mission, though you're permitted limited ""rewinds"" (reloads one turn before) per campaign.What could be better: I think the strategic layer of the game could be improved. Basically on the world map you get to choose missions, upgrade your agents (if you have cash, which is always in limited supply) and read some dialog. That's about it. Monst3r should have an expanded role -- you hardly get anything from his black market contacts.If there were 2, maybe 3 more chapters after the initial 72 hours of in-game time, I think it would be exceptional (especially if you're paying full price for the game, about $22).Invisible was really fun to play. I recommend this game -- I just wish it was longer.7.5/10"
76561198075986481,Recommended,243970,30403119,Posted: 8 March,all,feliz525,"Absolutely incredible game with great replay value. To illustrate, here are some highlights from my playthrough history (I wrote them all down because I was so excited to try new combinations of agents and programs after my first few runs) (warning: SPOILERS for unlockable agents and programs):1. Beginner, Decker + Internationale, Power Drip + Lockpick 1.0: Victory!2. Experienced, Shalem 11 + Banks, Fusion + Parasite: Defeat!4. Experienced, Internationale + Central, Faust + Brimstone: Victory!6. Expert, Archive Dr. Xu + Prism, Dynamo + Rapier: Victory!11. Expert Ironman, Decker + Archive Shalem 11, Fusion + Lockpick 1.0: Victory!12: Expert Plus with DLC, Archive Decker + Draco, Seed + Golem: Victory!13. Time Attack, Archive Banks + Dr. Xu, Power Drip + Parasite: Victory!15. Endless Plus with DLC, Archive Prism + Derek, Fusion + Parasite: survived over 20 daysThe main reason I could play the game so many times is that the main campaign is relatively short (maybe 6-8 hours? x1.5 with the DLC enabled). This to me was actually part of the game's charm: because there are many ways your playthrough can go (which missions are offered, which agents you can rescue, which items you can buy; all of which are limited in a single playthrough), each playthrough really feels like you are making the most of what's presented to you to build up your team. And it is NOT the case that you will reach a point where you are definitively ""ready for the final mission."" The final mission will happen when it happens, and sometimes you will go into thinking you're not prepared because you botched a couple earlier missions, but you will actually manage to succeed. This happened to me more than once, and along with other aspects of the game leads me to believe the game is very well balanced. I like as a design choice that you can mess up along the way but still recover.Not to mention the mods that the community has created. I just finished my 16th playthrough overall, but the first with a mod enabled (Shogal's Rescuable Archive Agents mod), and about to start my 17th, ready now to enable several mods at once, allowing for new agents, programs, items and enemies. The game's mechanics are easy to understand but hard to master. I'm excited to take what I've learned and apply them to a new challenge.TL;DR: One of my all-time favourite (turn-based strategy/tactics) games; think XCOM: Enemy Unknown but shorter/with a greater focus on replayability, and less RNG/more procedurally-generated challenges. No manual saving allowed, but 1-5 ""undos"" per mission depending on difficulty keeps tension high without being overly punishing. DLC adds flavour but the base game is definitely already complete without it."
,Recommended,243970,11789390,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,DERPNESS,Perfectly executed turn-based stealth. I can't wait to see what get's added as development continues.
,Recommended,243970,15861483,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Symce,"More than once I've made a tiny mistake, wasn't able to rewind and had to take some risks (hiding somewhere in the hopes the patrols moved far enough so I could continue, while the security level kept increasing) and there's nothing like the feeling of succeeding in the end.The game is a little short but it has decent replayability. If anything wait till it's half of, it's definitely worth around 10 bucks if you like turn based tactical games."
,Recommended,243970,15856653,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,vospier,"Invisible, Inc. represents a retake on the tactical turn-based game.About the GameSet in a dystopian future ruled by mega corps, you represent a convert group fighting corporate interests. The game opens with your HQ being attacked. Barely escaping and left with barely 72 hours, you're expected to get to the source of the attack and neutralize it, and save your organization's AI asset - Incognito - in the process.Make no mistake here - unlike most turn based tactical games, Invisible, Inc. is designed to be very fast paced. Emphasis is placed on making strategic decisions on whether to explore each procedurally-generated map and harvest maximum resources, or achieve mission objectives with minimal risk. All the while, the Security Level rises at the end of each turn, and stacks more and more opponents against your agents.Being the underdog, you'll find that fighting the enemy head-on isn't going to get you far. Stealth and speed is the mode of play here.The game is also designed to address the propensity to ""save scum"" - instead of being allowed to save in game, players now have a choice to rewind the game a limited number of steps instead. ""Beginner"" difficulty also allows you to retry the level (regenerate map and start again).Campaigns will not last more than a day's worth of play. Yet the game has great replay value - other than procedural maps always keeping you guessing, each agent made available to you comes with special abilities and you should alter your gameplay to exploit fully.In a way, Invisible, Inc. tries to improve on turn-based tactical games and add a mix of roguelike. The result is interesting and definitely worth a try for those who enjoy turn-based tactical games.As always, developer Klei did a good job with sounds and graphics to immerse the player into the world.Pluses and MinusesPros:- Turn Based Tactical game done properly.- Replay value from different agent capabilities/upgrades, and procedurally generated maps.- Fast paced game and incremental Security Level makes the end-phase of each map exciting (instead of boring).- Rewinds offer a different way to avoid deadlocks/mistakes.- Excellent visuals and sound.- Good value, considering the cost.Cons:- Randomness and short game-length can be an issue - difficulty can spike, augments/tools you want may not be always available, etc.- More back-story would have made the game more engaging for replays."
,Recommended,243970,15878147,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Aioua,"What if you crossed XCOM with Hitman, and took out the random percentages?You get this game, and it's incredible."
,Recommended,243970,16067412,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Calgor,Brilliant!
76561198066054527,Recommended,243970,17327805,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,SevenAteNein,Awesome game.  Best new roguelike in years.So many situations to barely escape!
76561198055251340,Recommended,243970,16070993,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Salad,so much fun!!!!!
,Recommended,243970,24907427,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,astarti,(big shadowrun fan speaking) this game is beautiful! only 3 hours in and I love it! definately recommended
76561197971825130,Recommended,243970,15846036,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Haapy,"Amazing game. The story is short, but the randomized levels make for great replay value. Tactical, turn-based, stealth, RPG. Sounds impossible, but they pulled it off perfectly. I'm very impressed with this game and can't recommend it highly enough."
76561198051758120,Recommended,243970,15844772,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,M3RR1CK,"Excellent, turn-based tactical stealth in a near-future 'Netrunner/Shadow Run' world.Isometric view, similar to  Fallout Tactics or Shadow Run, but the art style means it looks slick and helps avoids clutter.Each of your team members has a skill set which you can change or boost with augmentations.  It avoids complex skill lists and makes each of your crew valuable and individual, while maintaining the high-tech human theme.The randomly generated maps are a good length, and their design is tight.I have just finished the beginner campaign, but I will definitely play the harder difficulty (something I rarely do) with the new unlocked characters.  It rewarded me with a sniper which will totally change the way I play the game.Smart attention to detail, thoughtfully executed, tense and innovative, but best of all FUN.I got it with 10% off, but I would have been very happy to have paid MORE then full price."
76561198007300752,Recommended,243970,15843374,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Blackadar,"Invisible, Inc. is a turn based game of stealth. The various components of Invisible aren't anything new. There's no new ""wow"" factor here. We've seen this before.But it is an exceptionally well crafted experience. The mechanics of the game are simple - hide from your enemies. As a general rule you really can't kill them. But you can knock them out for 3 turns. All the while you're avoiding patrols, cameras and bots. You can instruct your friendly AI to turn off security systems and open safes, but you're always limited by power as to how much help the AI can provide. Meanwhile, there's a clock ticking that makes security get tougher every 5 turns, so you need to move with haste. Your operatives have limited skills, limited inventory slots and even more limited funds, so you're going to have some hard choices.Put this together and you have a very tight package of gaming goodness. It's not hard to pick up but it does get difficult to master. Even on the easiest level the game is a challenge. On higher levels, you simply can't make mistakes and there's no save function here. You have a very limited ability to rewind to avoid a screwup, but limited is a key word in that sentence.The ""campaign"" isn't very long - you'll finish it in fewer than 3 hours. But you mayl want to play this again and again since all levels are randomly generated and the various difficulty levels will always provide a good challenge.Now my biggest problem with the game really revolves around the longevity. Even knowing the levels are random doesn't help what become some fairly simple gameplay mechanics. So while I found the game exceptionally well-crafted and worthy of your dollars, I'm not going to see a lot of long-term gameplay from this title in my experience."
,Recommended,243970,30445625,Posted: 11 March,all,Lt. Shotgunson,"I had my doubts about whole ""turn-based stealth"", but it turned out to be a jolly good game. One of the best stealth games ever made."
76561198049790976,Recommended,243970,30448625,Posted: 11 March,all,SRGT/Catpizza,"Invisible , Inc. is a turn based stealth rpg and a really good one at that. The first thing i noticed that really interested me was the fact that you could trick the guards with false leads like leaving a door open you did'nt go through. Secondly it is very stealthy and special in its own right, but one thing I did keep feeling the whole game was ""man this really gives an X:com'y feeling."" Wraping everything up though it's a really good game with a decent amount of unlockables and replayablitiy and a pretty cheap DLC that in my opionion adds a lot to the game. (If you're a dlc kinda person.)"
76561198005412893,Recommended,243970,30466298,Posted: 12 March,all,Hailo,This is an amazing game with a almost never ending depth of tactics.Anyone interested in spending a lot of time on a turn based game this is is a big recommend.
,Recommended,243970,26696130,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Swordykins,"Spectacular game for lovers of stealth and turn based strategy in a roguelite format. This XCOM meets Mark of the Ninja title succeeds in creating tense moments where every square you move could mean the difference between getting caught or getting out alive.For those worried about the difficulty/RNG aspect of the game, be warned. You are not supposed to beat this the first time around. Rather, at the end of each run, you gain XP which then unlocks new programs and agents.- You will die to lack of planning- You will die to a misclick- You will die because RNGesus wills it.But it's alright! Dust yourself off and have another go. Learn from your mistakes and become stronger! This is the nature of the beast and you will have a bad time if you take each loss as a personal insult to your skills.Klei entertainment deliver on the voice cast, art style and narrative as per usual. Fans of Mark of the Ninja will know what I mean. All in all, a solid game and a great purchase in the current developer deal!"
76561198028570038,Recommended,243970,32179775,Posted: 4 June,all,Dat Username,My hours should speak for themselves but I love this game. News mods come out semi freuqently and keep me coming back
,Recommended,243970,15832401,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,The Star of Hope,"If you want to seeturn based stealthand combatwithout the random number godscontrolling your fate, look no further thanInvisible Inc.When your team is wiped out it'll always be your fault! Possibly thebest game in the genre."
76561198029359016,Recommended,243970,32326681,Posted: 10 June,all,sulunais,"I am not a huge fan of the procedurally generated levels, and the storyline stops replayability for me. But this is a slick well-made game with interesting stealth tactics."
,Recommended,243970,15880966,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Kalogrym,"10/10. Great roguelike & XCOM hybrid.Only knock would be the campaign is a wee too short, but the replayability is there!"
,Recommended,243970,12372181,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,[WFJ] Windsaver,BanksOP/10
,Not Recommended,243970,22436878,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Befraia,"I found this game way too hard to enjoy. Rooms are random, so you're faced with steep challenges all the way. Most of the time I do not know what I'm hacking and what for. Security alerts are rising too fast, guards are waking up too soon. And I'm playing this on beginner level! To use rewind feels like cheating, so I do restart a new level... it's frustrating. I relied on the majority's positive review... well, graphics, sound, ambient, everything is pretty well done. But gameplay not. Asking for refund."
76561197971697156,Recommended,243970,15806043,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Dogchef,"Excellent fun. Reminiscent of XCOM in its turn-based mechanics, but a gem all its own. Well polished, and seemingly bug-free.  Amazing some of the tight situations you can manage to get yourself out of, except when you can't.  Hoping to see some DLC in the future."
,Recommended,243970,13476131,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,"Dalinar Kholin, Bondsmith","Invisible, Inc. is a TBS game set in the near future. You are an elite team of stealth operatives. Your goal - get the most money you can. You can choose what kind of enemy bases to infiltrate and can choose to go after advanced technology, additional characters to join your team, programs to upgrade your hacking ablilittes, or a vault to score huge amounts of money. However, the longer the game goes on the harder it gets; you will have to build your team to be able to even escape at the later levels. The levels are procedurally generated, so every level brings a new tactical sitation that you will have to conquer. This procedural engine is very clever though, it will try to screw you over at every turn. This is what makes it fun. Very fun game, even in beta, don't blame you if you wait till full release though. All in all a very good game, highly recommended, belongs in everyones library."
,Not Recommended,243970,28723606,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Crazyi,"I like the concept but the RNG is too much for me. Sometimes the level layouts are just unfair. Sometimes you never get useful equipment. I can tolerate RNG in a game that isnt so strategy focused. This isnt XCOM RNG where I am missing my shots and whatnot. It is RNG of the procedural level system, and randomized progression system.  Strategy with lots of RNG makes it very difficult to actually strategize.  You just never know what gear, ability, party member, cybernetic enhacement, or whatever is coming next.  Even a guard with armor coming up the wrong elevator can totally ruin your game. Sometimes you will load into a level where you literally don't have a way to beat it. I like extreme challanges and don't mind losing them when it was because of a bad call I made. This game I have lost many times because the game said so. Can't do it."
,Recommended,243970,15834534,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,J.Miller,This game is amazing. Great game mechanics and awesome art style. Highly recommend this game if you are looking for something stealth based and challenging.
,Recommended,243970,15836002,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Constantine,Klei develop quality games and the game is no exception
,Not Recommended,243970,24061516,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Go Go Go,"I should have liked this game...Turn based - Stealth - Cybertech - Great publisher (LOVED Mark of the Ninja).  But after a playthrough (with DLC) I turned it off once I was deep into Day 4.  I kept waiting for the game to get interesting... finally I gave up.There was just nothing that was grabbing me.  Again, I am having trouble figuring out why I just couldn't get my excitement level up - instead, I was frustrated that the publisher clearly had a specific method (Stealth, no stun, no kill - but move quickly) and other thought processes eventually fail.Compare this with Mark of the Ninja where stealth was clearly rewarded, but the player could choose any number of routes and skills - the player could also sit and watch the patrols, figure out a good plan of attack.  Here the turn counter is so aggressive that the game lost the fun you normally associate with turn based play.The quality is fine - I am sure that the folks who enjoy this are getting their moneys worth - not me in this case."
76561197968789976,Not Recommended,243970,17447891,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Flip,"The first minutes of the game were a pleasure, interesting backgound story, game mechanics like Shadowrun and similars. Bur around the mid, the bad sides showed up, when the random level generator created just ridicilous levels. Either seemingly impossible, the next try the mission runs by itself when the guards are spawned totally off the route.Furthermore the ""campaign"" is very short. And i see no use of replaying it, when the level design decides of winning or loosing."
,Not Recommended,243970,17651833,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,DeMexi,"It's great. I really like it.But it's so short, if you have a free afternoon, you'll likely finish it in a single playthrough.That'll unlock some new stuff, so your next playthrough will be slightly different.But having another shot at the campaign will reset your ranks and choices, making you lose some sense of progression.It's hard to feel invested in your decisions if you know that they'll only matter for a little while.The story, cut scenes, voice acting, they're all really cool.But they're not that appealing when you know where the story's gonna go.Where does that leave me?Invisible Inc. is good. You'll enjoy it. But it's twenty bucks at the moment. The upcoming DLC will add to the campaign, but it won't be free. As such I personally wouldn't recommend you buy it.That isn't to say that if you don't really care about the price, you won't have a great time.Because you will."
76561197991257362,Not Recommended,243970,30913131,Posted: 2 April,all,gjhall71,"Can be a challenge but the reason it's not recommended is the game is only 6 missions - that's it.(based around the plot point the computer ai helping you only has 72 hours to find a system or she dies / runs out of power for good).  I thought it would maybe go into act 2 or something - but it ends and just says play again on increased difficulty.Being such a short game - it's hard to really advance your characters or experiment with different gear unless you just play again.   I remember not being able to get into a vault w/o a vault key that you can get on other missions.  (apparently some really cool gear in that vault).  BUt such a short game no chance to really do that.Missions into areas for ""better gear"" is a joke as you still have to purchase it.(you just broke into / hacked into some complex  illegally - and you have to buy gear from a system you just hacked)."
76561198014869333,Not Recommended,243970,28456151,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,(╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻,"At this time, I probably have 40-50 hours of offline play in this, and nearly everyone unlocked.This really isn't a team based tactics game.  It's a resource management game, and you'll never have enough.  The game ramps up its difficulty pretty fast, and the higher alarm levels are just stupid.  The fact that you have to unlock things isn't a bonus, it's a negative.   Once you do run through a few missions, you'll max all of your stats (which you buy with cash from safes), and after that, there's really no point in money.  The game will then just start putting more and more armor on the guards that it sends at you, making all of your previous things obsolete, but not giving you enough new items to compensate.  It won't matter that you have +3 armor piercing when the guards have 8 armor.Unless you tweak the settings so that your guards stay knocked out for +99 turns, they'll just keep standing up, and the alram level will just keep rising, with an unlimited number of new guards being brough into the level.  This makes it seem like you should be rushing the levels, but you really can't.  There are stupid ""tricks"" the game throws at you where it will just reveal the location of your team members, wherever you're hidden, simply because it can.The more I play this, the less fun I have with it."
,Not Recommended,243970,23821481,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Imperial Knight,"This is by no means a bad game. But I disagree with some of the design choices in the game, which I will highlight and let others decide if this game is what they want.The game is touted as a stealth game, but it forces you to go fast with the security level increasing EVERY TURN. Which completely defeats the purpose of a stealth game. A stealth game should give you as much time as possible to study the map layout, observe enemy patterns, come up with a plan and then execute it.The game teaches you to knock out guards or avoid them in the tutorial. But honestly, knocking out guards is not a very viable option. They guards simply wakes up after a VERY short number of turns and goes into high alert patrol mode. Which means avoiding is a far better choice than knocking out where possible. What's more, knocking out enemies has a cooldown on 3 turns. This limits your choice as a player. And because you don't have option to kill at the start, it gives you even less to work with.I prefer stealth games to be open ended, with choices at the player's disposal and allow you to proceed in a slow methodical manner. This is NOT such a game.I wouldn't even call it a stealth game. It's more like a run-carefully game, cause you simply can't afford to take your time."
76561197995874167,Recommended,243970,18958745,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Sudain,"This is an awesome spy game.  Great for casual solo play.  Every move counts, everything matters, making the most of what you have is exceptionally key.  If you enjoy FTL, you'll enjoy this game."
76561198039299153,Recommended,243970,16953660,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Void_Ship,"It's a very good game. Many compare it to x-com but actually the objective here is to achieve your goals while remaining undetected whereas in x-com, you want to be detected by something to win. The game is a lot like the ""Commandos"" series of games that were popular in the late 90's, drawing on similar mechanics.Unlike most games that allow you to save whenever you like and allow you to retry a save if things go bad, Invisible Inc does the opposite. It autosaves on key events but there is no going back except on Custom and beginner settings. It's a spy/espionage simulator, a very good one at that and mistakes are not forgiven. When you win the game, you are rewarded and your save file is Deleted!! But your unlocks remain. However if you lose the game, you still stand to gain some experience and a few unlocks so don't worry.Gameplay: 8/10At first when I saw that you have 72 hours, I was like ""wow, this is going to take awhile"". When I saw how those hours are spent very quickly by going here and there, I was like ""Oh, this is quite a short game"". But when I started playing on higer difficulties, those 72 hours felt like an eternity to me. You have to pick the infiltration spots as per your judgement, guide the agents to victory... sounds simple?? Quite the contrary. I have had several Expert difficulty games ditched at the very last moment siomply because I goofed up in ONE place in the entire playthrough. So if you like that sort of stuff, this is the game for you. It's chess with corporations.To justify the 8/10, In the last mission, I was in a tough spot and there didn't seem to be a way out. And yet... I won!! The only caveat is the poor story and weird ending that I won't spoil. Perhaps hinting at a sequel.Sound and Visuals: 9/10Klei's artsy look goes well with the theme similar to the Mark of the ninja series. It looks great and sounds great as well. Going well with the spy theme.Value for Money: 10/10I got it at about 13+$ on a steam sale. It's worth every penny and more, specially coming from an indie developer.AI: 8/10While the AI can do stupid things sometimes, I'm glad they do since they have saved many a playthrough. But the AI is pretty good and almost simulate a SWAT team.Overall: 9/10 Impressive. A must buy for anyone who likes stealth/spy genre. If they make an Invisible Inc II, I'd be the first to go and get it."
76561198025102506,Recommended,243970,17598483,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Battlewaffles,"I'm not usually one for turn-based gameplay, but there's just something about the way it's handled in Invisible, Inc. that makes it incredibly fun to play. I enjoyed upgrading my agents, infiltrating facilities to make sure they had what they needed, and stressing out over the five armed guards in the next room. If you're into stealth and/or strategy games with whimsical party banter, then definitely give this a shot. The story is sadly short and linear, but the gameplay and character line-up more than makes up for it. You're given enough detail to get a taste of the high-tech world in which the story takes place, though it is regretably just a taste. You're also given a choice between an even amount of male and female characters, and it's a diverse choice of characters. So kudos to Klei."
76561198004572047,Recommended,243970,16730508,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Drisk,Great game! This is a rogue like heisty meets X-com. I see many hours of my life disappearing.
,Recommended,243970,16011883,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,battle1368,"Got an agent behind cover with a hand cannon and shot everyone while they ran around with question marks above their heads. 11/10 would trap lightly armoured guards in a room and shoot them one by one with a crappy gun again.But seriously though, this is a great game, with lots of replay value. The story isn't amazing, but the lore is quite good. And unlike the anecdote above, the game is mostly stealth, going in guns blazing is almost always suicide."
76561198092111299,Recommended,243970,19122569,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,e0nz,So good i'm speechless
,Recommended,243970,22351883,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Show_Key,"This game is not long.This is worth stating right off the bat. The story is good, but it is quite short. You get an nice exposition in the beginning, a handful of missions without narrative or direction, then you go straight to the final mission.The gameplay, though, is really very fun! Each stage is generated randomly, so even if you fail and repeat a mission you won't be burdened with doing the same exact thing over and over. The tools and characters are distinct and impactful. Kind of like a lite Transitor with a twist of Sly Cooper and 007.This is the kind of game you would come to and play a level in between classes or on a trip. Since the campain is short, you won't get heavily invested in it. But the gamepaly is refreshing, challenging, and engaging.I think this would make a particularly excellent mobile or tablet game. Thank you for Invisible Inc., Klei :)"
,Recommended,243970,16484202,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,born casual,Another home run for Klei as far as im concerned. Stealth rogue-like with randomly generated levels and a good story. Worth full price.
,Recommended,243970,16515717,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Frijoles_,Played the first mission. Had to use all three rewinds given on normal difficulty because I had no idea what I was doing. Rest of game: ENGAGE CHALLENGE MODE!!10/10 would engage challenge mode again
,Recommended,243970,16312050,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,NeoModulus,Played the tutorial.  Best game ever.
76561198070911895,Recommended,243970,13996459,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Emperorwizard,"right im gonna start this off by saying this is my first steam review so if you see errors in what i say please tell me im open to criticism myself.to start with lets go for the good things about the game, well to start off the story and lore is very dark souls-esque in the sense that the game will not just tell you what is going on, you have to figure it out through reading walls of text in character descriptions and item descriptions. for the most part the game never tells you whats going on leaving it mostly open to interpretation which i personally enjoy in a game.Graphics: well it doesnt dissapoint, its no triple a title for sure but the art style is... well artsy, they were really creative with the character models and everything feels like a cartoon you would see on a broken TV in fallout only much more detailed and dynamic.controls and bugs: bugs havent plagued me for the most part and the control system is easy to get a hold of, even so the keys are fully rebindable and its really allowing you to choose your own control set, the guards do seem to have a tendency of spotting me where i shouldnt be able to be spotted such as in an area labelled as hidden, but this happens so rarely it doesnt get in the way of your gameplay, either that or im salty about it, probably the latter with how many times i died.AI and level design: well the level design is certainly unique, im unsure about it but i definetly thought each corp had a different layout for each building type, there were some reused things like desks etc. but these things are too mild to be considered an even marginal game spoiler. as for the AI those guards are smart, pathfinding is a bit iffy for your agents and the guards though, to give an example i once got deckard and told him to move to a safe thinking his path to be safe, he ended up running right through the guard's cone of vision and getting shot, the pathfinding is acceptable though as the developers implemented a screen that appears close to your cursor to tell you if you will be spotted on your current path.now for the guards. their pathfinding is good for the most part with no real evident problems, except they tend to be wasteful of their AP. i once hid behind a safe and a guard stopped dead infront of the safe without going further and posing a further challenge, to be fair his patrol ended there but maybe the devs could be more creative to give them more reasonable paths, a guard hierarchy would be nice too, for example there is a guard captain and he co-ordinates the rest of the grunts making your job harder, i dont know about you but this seems like a good opportunity to me.music and other story notes: the music isnt ""gorgeous"" per se, but its the perfect one for the genre, it gives me that original XCOM feeling of edginess when theres that one chrysalid you can never find and just when one of your guys sees it, BAM its gone, the only difference here is your the chrysalid.and the story is definetly akin to that of shadowrun, minus the magic ofcourse im certainly going to say that what i found out about the story so far is compelling enough for me to keep digging.reccomendation status: highly reccomended for strategy and stealth fans.stay invisible!"
76561197972026162,Recommended,243970,15961289,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Merlin the Chola,"If you love XCOM, Stealth, Strategy, and general badassery, then this game is for you. Every decision you make feels like you are on the edge of reward, risk, and regret. And you'll love every moment of it. Fantastic game, tight design and controls, and fantastic soundtrack. However, the game needs more story, something to make me want to take care of each agent on every mission, ensuring their survival. Also, the levels can be a little cluttered with safes, consoles, and walls. Unfortunately, it causes me to make mistakes, even with tactical view and camera rotation.But holy @#$k. Despite those tiny drawbacks, the game is amazing. 9/10, would kick♥♥♥♥♥again."
76561198069656584,Recommended,243970,15906469,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,GoodBirchTree,"The inital story is pretty short. The idea is after the first play through you will want to try it again with the new characters and skills that are unlocked. One play through alone didn't feel to be worth the price of the game, and it wasn't quite good enough to make me want to play again after."
,Recommended,243970,15802931,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,W☣rld ☮™,Any giRl gamers hit me up .
76561198248617404,Recommended,243970,22250105,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,albert_einstein20,"Buy it now!A brilliant turn based stealth game that has workshop support, great sound and an exellent art style and atmosphere.Pros:-Great sound track.-Brilliant art style with fluid animations.-Very tactical and enough content to keep you hooked.-Decent (if a bit cliche) storyline.-Workshop support (not that many good mods yet though).-Nice progression system which makes losing still feel like your progressing.Cons:-Quite short.-Difficult (luckily there is a custom mode where you can change settings to make it much easier - +99 KO time is overpowered :D)-Slight lack of content.-Following on from the last point, the game can get reppetitive.DLC:Pros:Lots of new content (doubles the length of the campaign).Cons:Some bugs and balancing issues."
76561197979692191,Recommended,243970,25378038,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Dr Montanelas,"The visual ambiance, the music, the rush of of trying to finish a level with all your agents while getting the most profit possible from it. Loved it! 10/10"
,Recommended,243970,21950107,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,SuperMonkeyman,"Invisible Inc. is an incredibly enjoyable turn-based stealth game. This game combines certain aspects of my favorite games. Of the most important aspects is a feeling of anxiety when you see your alarm level rise, and you know you're in a bad situation, and the feeling of: ""I need to figure out how to get out of this mess"". The feeling I get when I play this game is matched by no other and is truly exemplary of what stealth games should be.Notes(I feel pros and cons lists are inadequate):-The top-down viewpoint of this game makes it very easy to plan your movements and greatly increases this game's ability to be an effect stealth game.-The characters are very diverse, I found of my favorite things to do in this game is come up with, and create very interesting synergies between your choosable agents, abilities and findable items.-The story is a bit disappointing, and I don't think this game is story-driven in any way. This game is much more based on gameplay-This game is only replayable if you enjoy what I said earlier: ""I found of my favorite things to do in this game is come up with, and create very interesting synergies between your choosable agents, abilities and findable items.""-This game is difficult. I feel guilty writing this review because I have only beaten this game once...on beginner. Perhaps it is because I suck, but this game is very difficult and takes patience.Tips:-Hide. Make sure that you are always hidden behind some structure. You never know when a bad guy will barge through a door and spot you.-Only KO enemies if absolutely necessary. I have found in my everpresent experience that it is best to avoid confrontation, and killing especially. Lethal/loud weapons should only be used if absolutely necessary.-Know your strategy going in to the level. Know what you plan to have accomplished by a certain alarm level and be prepared to leave early if necessary.To conclude, I will say that this is a great game created by a great developer, and is certainly worthy of it's price tag. I would recomment this game to all age groups as it has something in it for everyone.Happy Hiding"
,Recommended,243970,28611585,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Super Silent Ninja Assassin,"Thats how a game should be, easy to learn , hard to master.In addition to that Invisible Inc. has a nice touch of art and a mood fitting soundtrack.Round-based tactic games can be so intensiv, and this is the case with the game Invisible Inc. , a game  from the Creators of Mark of the Ninja.Recommended to all who look for a challanging but enjoyable game , if you like Xcom or Jagged Alliance this is a must have and all of that for a rather cheap price , Indie at its finest.10/10"
,Recommended,243970,27223192,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Based Mushroom,"This game is simply brilliant. It manages to keep you under pressure all the time you dare devote to it, making you doubt your every decision, your every move. There is no such thing as blind fortune - every mistake being made is yours, and every asset's death is solely on you. The characters are constantly in grave danger, you are given no time to feel safe whatsoever.The Contigency Plan DLC brings much more possibilities for new strategies, so that you wouldn't feel bored for sure.Strictly recommended.10/10."
,Recommended,243970,29124754,Posted: 8 January,all,MASK de Smith,One of the best designed turn-based games. Almost feels like a board game in its elegance. All the systems interlock beautifully to create consistently tense missions. One of the only games where exiting a mission before fully completing your objective can be a good idea.
,Recommended,243970,29515071,Posted: 26 January,all,Votto,"This is one of my favourite games of all time.If you are into the stealth and roguelike genres, this is a must-buy. It is outstanding what Klei made here. Your usual shadowrunesque cyberpunk setting with some genious writing and distinctive comedy make an amazing ambience for this amazing game.Just play and thank me later."
76561198025178892,Recommended,243970,27661373,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Magior,"This is wonderful. Very easy to learn to play but brutally difficult on anything above 'beginner' (for a TBS veteran). Somehow, the most tense moments in a game I've played in years. The hacking part of the game is done right. It's simple but tactical unlike the mess of a boring minigame in Shadowrun games.Love the setting. The graphics, the sounds, the interface all have correct tone/mood and are in service of the game. This is a tactical TBS game with 10-30 minute maps. The story in it is just simple, unintrusive flair and in no way the focus."
,Recommended,243970,28414165,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Pseudo,"A great turn-based strategy game with an emphasis on stealth over violence (though there is certainly violence). Lots of replay value, lots of personality. A solid get."
,Recommended,243970,15991741,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,GoesToEleven,XCOM + FTL + Frozen Synapse + some cyberpunk = YES
76561198016598449,Recommended,243970,15992045,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,[Salty] Snapper Briefcase Wanker,"Klei might just be my new favorite Indie Game company.Story is meh, very basic somewhat predictable, but thats not what this game is about.The gameplay is what this game is about. And it is awesome.If you're a stealth buff with a taste for strategy, this game is ADDICTIVE. More so (dare I say it) than Mark of the Ninja. I was put off at first at the turn based thing, especially after MotN's real time action, but I have since retracted that feeling. I really do feel like a spy coordinating a very vast team of secret agents when I play this game. Currently on my second play through with newly unlocked secret agents.Forcing myself to stop now to do some work lol"
,Recommended,243970,15994037,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,NoshJix,Great turn based secret agenty stealthy awesomeness
76561197993248610,Recommended,243970,16000999,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,El Mythical 23 k.s.c.,"Very cool game here. It reminds me of chess, in that it is really about player positioning and movement. The RNG is real also in this game and find some missions impossible to beat and others a breeze.  A little bit of luck can help but its not needed to beat this game, RNG will not ruin the game for you. If you got the cash full price is still a good value for this game."
76561198044251765,Recommended,243970,16001524,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Bluewolf,Gorgeous game that is very entertaining! The campaign is really short but only because it heavily relies upon its replayability and customability. If you want a campaign like x-com but in a very short period this is the game for you.
76561198118721413,Recommended,243970,16013724,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,shedaqueen,"This game is extremely difficult at times, which makes it all the more rewarding. Klei Entertainment has done it again. This is an XCOM-esque strategy stealth game with a cyberpunk twist. I feel it is well worth your time. The procedural generation aspect as well as the custom difficulty settings add infinite replay value, as well."
76561197999788390,Recommended,243970,16053887,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Marx,"Highly recommended for anyone who likes turn-based games. There are some gameplay elements which were somewhat counter-intuitive at first, but it's easy to get over that hurdle. (Or you can even modify them, thanks to the impressively customizable difficulty levels.) All in all, this game has excellent design, be it gameplay or graphics.Really, the only negative thing I could say is that it'd be good if your agents had voice acting as well, even if they only ever say a few lines. But the characters who are voiced have good VAs.All in all, this game is not very expensive, so if you're curious about it, you probably should give it a try."
76561198070413486,Recommended,243970,16066314,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,RonEmpire,Really great game.   Very XCom like.
,Recommended,243970,16102052,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Stabby McRufflove,"""The executive terminal is the large device with simplified controls... There!"""
,Recommended,243970,16105024,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Zenith,Great Game. Challenging.
76561198065175434,Recommended,243970,16123734,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Picnic,"Hard, fair, turn based stealth. All Klei games are great but this one is my favorite."
76561197970760320,Recommended,243970,16277544,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Aircool,"Even though I've not played much, it feels like a good game. Unfortunately, it just made me want to play XCOM again, which is what I did.Maybe if it wasn't a roguelike and actually had some depth beyond sneaking around similar looking maps I'd play more.  However, don't let that put you off. If you've enjoyed something like XCOM and like to be all sneaky-sneaky in a roguelike, then I can recommend this game."
76561197982835717,Recommended,243970,16295397,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,beSausageMan,"Very rewarding turn-based stealth strategy game. I'm a huge fan of XCOM-like games and roguelikes like FTL, and this game makes me feel like I'm playing both of those games at once!Invisible Inc. borrows heavily from the mission component of XCOM, as opposed to the base-building strategic layer; it borrows a few key concepts from roguelikes like FTL, and adds a stealth element that I don't recognize from other strategy games. The result is an absorbing game that scratches an itch I never knew I had, and there's enough replay value here to keep me playing for a good long while.I bought this game while it was in Early Access, and I'm glad to say that investment paid off. When I bought it, it was a great game and well worth the asking price, and it has only gotten better since then.Congrats to Klei on an excellent game!"
76561197997998444,Recommended,243970,16315468,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Zlyab,"A rather minimalistic, but extremely well-done spying game with lots of options for fine-tuning difficulty and gameplay."
,Recommended,243970,16433776,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Reapa,"Was curious, picked it up as part of the massive summer sale, and I was not let down, Simply an awesome game. If you like tactical espionage games, stop reading and pick it up."
,Recommended,243970,16438569,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Jun.On.Fire,"I've never been a big fan of indies, because, I had this ""snobbish"" belief that only big publishers can publish quality games...Well........Boy am I wrong.This gem here is a surprise! Great, clean art, beautiful UI and aesthetics...Awesome voice acting, great game play.Definitely worth your support. Help the devs out and help them make more games!!Get it get it"
,Recommended,243970,16559060,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Steve from Machete Squad,"If you like XCOM, you will enjoy this game.  The strategy elements haven't seemed as tough as I would like yet, but still a very great game."
76561198086321994,Recommended,243970,16637494,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,BLESSYOURNOSEHAIRS,"Invisible Inc. is a very intense turn-based strategy game. When I write strategy, I really mean it. This game is a rogue-like and difficult game and is totally not for everyone. If you would like a challenge, this game is for you."
76561198079289379,Recommended,243970,16881934,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,illydia_jones,"I was waiting when this game goes out of Early Access to play...One word...This game is simply wonderful. You can play in differents mode even customize your own...The graphics are nice and the turn by turn give a interesting strategy. I love to work with Internationale she so amazing! I lost two campaign but you can advance and try many combination of agent/weapon for building a survival strategy! It's worth the buy!I love this game and I like to play, I feel like I am in a Tom Clancy's novel!Well done!"
76561198032121256,Recommended,243970,19111974,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Thiridian,"Do you like roguelike games? Do you like stealth games where getting into combat is not advisable?If you answered yes to these, then this game will be for you.To sum it up, you have to manage 2 people (to start) who are very good at hiding behind small objects against guards that have the attention span of an egg timer.Combat is simple as there is no accuracy at all. You either put the the enemy to sleep, or kill them. So your rewind turn won't be wasted on accuracy checks. Also a great function is the ""pin"", where you can keep an enemy asleep as long as you hold him down.As you go through each randomly generated area, you have a hacking ability to take over electronics around the building using a limited power source. The enemy has their own viruses called Daemons that will infect you to provide random debuffs as you go.As you progress into the game, you unlock new agents to play as, and new starting hacking abilities to change out.The game has a few minor flaws, such as you will be able to easily tell which items and abilities are ridiculously useful and the ones that are so specific, they fall under: ""Why is this even in the game?""Another flaw is that without the DLC, the difficulty on Endless may get too easy once you get good at the game.With the DLC, I haven't tried Endless yet. But I'm hopeful that it'll turn out good.If you aren't going for achievements, the game can be played as ruthless, or casual to fit your playstyle. They have all the basic customizable game settings unlocked by default. So if you want to cruise through the game or go ridiculously hard, it's up to you.Just got the DLC, and very impressed by the new side quests that were added in to accumulate a new arsenal of tactics.If you still are curious, google ""Totalbiscuit Invisible Inc"" - Watching his overview sold me to the game."
,Recommended,243970,15904021,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,monosaccharid,Great game!
,Recommended,243970,15912362,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Ping Pong,You get so tense as the your very own choices start to haunt you. You're more of a ninja hacker. Good Times.
76561198060760163,Recommended,243970,16083799,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,kyina-lok,"So I just finished my first beginner campaign and I have to say, this game was worth playingIt is tense, challenging and feels rewarding, I love the graphical style, the immersion as well as the replay valueNow for the replay value it is important to know that after each campaign, failed or otherwise you gain abilities and agents to start with in future campaigns, so failure is not the end of the world, so to speak, this makes me feel far more rewarded for continuing past failure."
,Recommended,243970,16340698,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Mr_Tweed,"This game is a bloody belter, cracking wee gem.Its like Xcom with stealth."
76561198064997135,Recommended,243970,14105530,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,SylvanCyborg,"pure stealth / infiltration. every move is life or permadeath. usually stay away from early access, but this is already very playable and enjoyable. a coop mode would take it to the next level. TOO HARD!!! but that's what's great about it :P"
,Recommended,243970,14132738,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Muffy,"Awesome suspense strategy game.The gradual build up and suspense is really well delivered. Every turn you have gamble wether to continue at increasing risk, or exit to safety.A lot of fun."
,Recommended,243970,15831927,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Sugarbooger,"XCOMS meets Splinter Cell. Lots of fun, though short. Has a lot of replayability  as the maps are random and there are a lot of different characters to play as."
,Recommended,243970,15910378,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Doctor Burgers,"This game is about sneaking into your enemies base getting information, allies or weapons and equipment. The stealth is great. The guards are not OP when looking for you and hiding behind there view is really well done. The hacking is great, most the time the power points are easy to find and there are lots of things to hack but I have been on a couple of levels that have too much things to hack and points are hard to come across but as I said most of the time it's fair. I one of the things that annoyed me was that the story of the game was very short. I played though about 5 or 6 levels and it ended. The ending of the story was good and it could be carried on easily by (spoilers) fighting back against the A.I that takes over in the end and started to destroy place all over the world. The game could have easily carried on and been a much bigger and better but other than the short ending and the power points at times being unfair, it's a fantastic game and it's worth playing.I would say overall I would give this game a 8/10"
76561197965130828,Recommended,243970,15913057,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Jespeeer,"The more I play this, the more I like it. Makes me think of the Commandos series, but each level is different every time and Invisible Inc. is more forgiveable. Very clever programmed with lots of replayability."
,Recommended,243970,15975149,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Edelritter,"Charming game. Invisible, Inc. is like X-COM's little brother in terms of presentation (pick a set of agents, go do missions, move in a grid in a turn-based system), but it also reminds me of FTL in how well put-together the risk v. reward gameplay is set up. The more you stick around to crack every last safe / get every last credit, the tougher the environment becomes. If you like either of these games, Invisible, Inc. is a must-buy.While the core and best part of the game is its gameplay, its production values are also top-notch—not that I would expect any less from the devs of Mark of the Ninja. It has very stylised, very slick artwork and a smart choice of decoration that makes you feel like you're in a technobureaucratic society. It even has very well-animated cinematics that are great at setting the mood of the game.One last thing I love? I love how each agent has a personality and shtick of his or her own. It makes you want to take care of them and make sure you can evac them out of a mission. Wish that X-COM: Enemy Unknown had had this."
,Recommended,243970,16068419,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,LoaferCakes,"Alright. I bought this game in early Access. Played it for a good 20 minutes and then put it down until today. I found out it had fully released, and after seeing a youtuber play some of it I wanted to play. Honestly, had a really fun time with it. It's a really cool game, with very interesting concepts. You control your Agents and a hacking system. You use your agents to retrieve different things and complete objectives inside facilities. The hacking system allows you to take control of cameras, disable power grids, and all sorts of stuff. There are many ways to go about beating these levels, since there are lethal and non-lethal weapons. Honestly if you like the rouge-like genre, buy it. I would recommend it. When have I steered you wrong. Really? THAT many times? I don't believe it. Oh... we don't mention that time. Regardless, I'd recommend it if you ever liked playing FTL or a similar game. It is top down perspective so it's more similar to FTL than it is to Rouge Legacy. I have nothing else to say. What else is new."
,Recommended,243970,16463410,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,AncientToaster,"I haven't put that much time into Invisble Inc. but I can safely say that I am enjoying myself and I feel like I will put many hours into it as time goes on. There is a lot to like about this title. I appreciate the fact that it's a game meant for replayability. Sometimes I prefer a game that doesn't drag on, I have plenty of 50+ hour slogs in my library and this is a refreshing change of pace.The tactical, turn based system reminds me of X-Com and the newer Shadow Run games, which are both great in their own right. This game is more about stealth and careful planning. It's even a bit like a rougelike in that the missions and map layouts will be randomized each time you play, and it's possible to fail but still keep some sort of progress if things to go hell.I'd recommend this game to anyone that enjoys the following:Turn BasedSquadTacticalIsometricRPG elementsRoguelike"
,Recommended,243970,16513285,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Donkeyfish13,"Best New Game I've played this year so far, addictive"
76561198023992543,Recommended,243970,16607050,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,S1N,"This game really sticks to it's cyberpunk theme. The stealth makes sense and requires very little unrealistic ""game logic"". It has a wide array of difficulty customization options; so anything you don't like you can change (i.e., turn off frustration). Avoiding detection is methodical and planned. Careful movement is rewarded; run-and-gun is heavily punished. The UI is clean and responsive. It has a very high replay value, and I find myself getting the itch to play a round here and there. If you need a Gibsonesc/Stephensonesc fix, this is your game."
,Recommended,243970,16762565,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Fiindil,"The promise of more content to come is welcome indeed - the biggest problem with Invisible Inc is that it feels very short (assuming you skip the endless mode), which isn't exactly a cardinal sin.'Oh no, I like this game so much that it's already done with'. Definitely worth picking up whenever it's next on sale."
,Recommended,243970,17459448,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Sir Garde,....what do i say about this game its unique its fun its even got some great mods made...ailbeit only 2 or 3 its just so good i dont think i can put it in to words that would do it justice if you like the idea of a stealth x-com then i really reccomend this game the only complaint i would have is that its a bit lacking but dlc and update incoming so yea9/10-great game
76561197961852836,Recommended,243970,13858534,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,LKDragon,"This is very much a game that where winning is possible, but rather difficult. That, however, makes your victories that much sweeter.On the other hand, I find I burn myself out a bit quickly on this game. Make no mistake, I have fun doing so, but after a level or three, I'm done with it for the day and move to another game.I still recommend it, though. I look at it more like a puzzle in motion than anything, but it's a very, very entertaining puzzle."
,Recommended,243970,13882243,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Nill Bye the Guiance Scy,"Updating this review after early access. The game works, and good lord, does it work.Short version: If you are a fan of stealth games, exterior strategy games, brutally hard games, or even chess, you owe it to yourself to buy this.Long version: The release update version of the game was pushed, and my goodness, the game essentially remade itself. With new agents, new programs, and even some new mechanics, and the removal of those god-awful RNG events (or was there? A new program combination [Faust or Brimstone, or even just Faust if you're a masochist] lets you risk them, although in a less picky-choosie method], the game is incredibly fun. The initial story mode is easy enough, but each level afterwards gets more difficult, especially if you try and run the aforementioned combination. Each agent and their variants has something special about them that makes the game feel very fun, and the experience to unlock system is fun and tantalizing, encouraging you to actually finish your games instead of RQing when you're trapped. The rewind system means that basic errors you make are easily undone, although you get less of these the higher difficulty you are on. While the sudden spawning of the final mission may cut some gameplay sessions short right when you're just getting competent, an endless mode IS there to play, as well as endless plus for the true heroes.Story wise, eh. It has an incredible setup, and very diverse exposition and characterization, but the final ending is incredibly lackluster, and unfortunately, always the same. In addition, the ending is borderline sequelbaiting, which is something I never appreciate in a game.Overall, this is a serious contender for Game of the Year. Story fans may be a little dissapointed, but  the gameplay is solid, addicitng, and fun. Roguelike elements add a stress to the player without endangering the joy of victory. Overall, I rate the game 9.5/10"
,Recommended,243970,14203424,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,ButtWolf,"A bit of a mix between Shadowrun Returns and Frozen Synapse. From the bit that I have played, the game is amazing. I can't wait for a full release!"
76561198009802417,Recommended,243970,14785109,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Qmicic,"This game is fricken' amazing. Challenging, fun and interesting. It's Hard. Make sure you enjoy getting your♥♥♥♥♥handed to you from time to time before you buy. It's well worth it though. Another solid innovative game from Klai. Good job guys."
,Recommended,243970,15810607,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Matrix,"Absolutely fantastic game - tight mechanics, great aesthetics, fun gameplay, lot's of replayability.Also if you fail it's your own fault, so there is that."
,Recommended,243970,15860387,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Roy Mustang,"I've only just completed beginner mode and have only positive things to say about this game. Easy to jump into, great atmosphere, sound and voice acting. I was a bit confused at some of the AI behavior but rapidly sorted all that out. Overall, same great quality as Mark of the Ninja. Definitely recommended for a quick spy and hacker fix."
76561198049682598,Recommended,243970,15877639,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Mr Kort,"Invisible Inc. is an isometric, turn-based, rogue-like, stealth game placed in a futuristic world controlled by 4 main corporations (corps). You work as an operator for a corporate espionage company called Invisible Inc. The game starts off with your HQ compromised and your operatives MIA, KIA or worse; in a corporate deprogramming chamber. You are outnumbered, outgunned, on the run and have only 72 hours to launch a counter-attack.You start the game with 2 operatives and Incognita, an AI capable of hacking corporate firewalls and teleporting your operatives into the enemy complex. During your missions you attempt to steal credits, gadgets, and implants for your operatives to use, for Incognita new programs can be downloaded from certain terminals. Occasionally you get the opportunity to rescue one of your operatives who were captured during the raid on HQ. These additions to your team and equipment will prove to be very useful for completing the more difficult missions.The game gradually increases its difficulty by raising alarm levels during your missions, which activate more and more security measures, and globally (on the map view in between missions) as the security levels increase each 24 hours. These security levels indicate the amount of resistance you encounter while infiltrating the corps, this is also where the 4 corps differ from each other.Some corps specialize in security drones or armored personnel; preventing your operatives from taking them down, if they don't have the right equipment. Other corps specialize in tougher firewalls or Daemons, special programs which generally cause bad things to happen when hacked by Incognita. This really helps in giving character to the corps and makes you consider your loadout before choosing your missions.During the missions the key to staying alive is staying out of sight, carefully observing enemy patrol routes and using blind spots to your advantage. As the enemies you will be facing are relentless; they will hunt you down and shoot on sight, so evasion is the key here. However the real fun (and difficulty) starts once you have been detected and you have to think quick to either eliminate the threat or to extract your operatives, sometimes without being able achieve the mission objective.As you play through the game, more operatives and programs for Incognita will unlock for you to use in your next playthrough. This is a nice feature, which allows you to mix up your tactics, as the operatives are all unique in their personal starting traits. These rogue-like elements help to make the (somewhat short) campaign highly replayable. The 5 extra game modes are also a lot of fun for the more seasoned players.All in all, this game does an awesome job of delivering that ""danger around every corner"" feeling. So stay on your toes and peek around those corners to achieve your objectives and keep your people alive!I can recommend Invisible Inc. to anyone who loves stealth games and tactical turn-based games. Though for some people the rogue-like and RNG elements may be off putting, for me it adds to the replay value and challenge of the game."
76561197969282546,Recommended,243970,15878703,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,nobody,"Great tactical stealth game, quite unique as a result. Knocking out enemies is often not the best option, instead sneaking by them can be more advantageous. The game really requires thinking due to the high difficultyNo real save options are available (apart from on exit), you actually have to live with the consequences of your actions and adjust your tactics accordingly...or simply lose as a result and start over, albeit with new unlocked agents and hacking programs!Highly recommended if you're the tactical thinking sort of person and don't mind mild frustration."
76561198050683458,Recommended,243970,15908210,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Robin of Spiritwood,"Small easy to download game.Small squad espionage & infiltration missions. Gameplay similar to X-COM, Syndicate, or Shadow Watch.  RPG elements.Fresh generated new maps every mission.Cyberpunk theme reminiscent of Blade Runner & Neuromancer.Tense tactical stealth gameplay.Visually appealing, clean cartoon style. Top Notch Sound, Music and Voice acting. Highly replayable.Game is mostly stable on my system.One or two crashes, but easy to reload, and continue with minimal interruption.Found no gameplay bugs.9/10 overall. Well worth the purchase. GET THIS GAME!"
76561198009502943,Recommended,243970,16799196,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Victorinus,"This is a very good game, kind of a combination of ""Covert Action"" (if you're old enough to remember that game) and ""Syndicate"". The game has good balance and looks great, the developers did a nice job of creating an interesting game with a unique style and the procedurally generated building floors make the game interesting and replayable. Usually, I have many complaints about PC games because they often have major bugs or extremely bad AI's or are missing major components, but my only complaint about this game is that it's too short and limited in scope - I would like more of this game, which is an unusual request coming from me. Plan on maybe 30 hours of original gameplay before you finish and then replay the game. At it's current price ($20) I think it's a good deal since it's quite a fun game."
76561198045896862,Recommended,243970,14066821,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Wetshark,Excelent game and a lot of update
,Recommended,243970,14419953,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,coryroush,"Finally - the game every aspiring secret agent wanted to play when they were younger. You will easily feel the suspense and tension that this game creates. Almost every decision you make has an immediate consequence, and they've struck a careful balance between limiting your choices each turn and giving you plenty of options. There are some things they could do to improve the on-boarding process for new players; for instance, I'm still not sure what each of the mission types actually are and how they are distinct from each other, but that's hardly a deal-breaker."
76561198064697373,Recommended,243970,14545032,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,tompuce84,"Incredibly adictive, clockwork precision, even in this early access stage. Beautifull art and general design. This is a brilliant game; if you like turn base strategy and stealth mechanics in a rogue like frame, this is the game for you. And if you don't like any of the things I just mentioned, try it anyway because it will probably be the game that's gonna change your mind ;)"
76561198041132905,Recommended,243970,15079312,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Cara_Mason,"Invisible, Inc. is a bit similar to famous game Desperados: Wanted Dead or Alive.If you like Desperados probably you'll love Invisible, Inc. too."
,Recommended,243970,15825632,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Magdaki,"Klei Entertainment does it again. Another release and another great game. The gameplay is really great, it is very tense. I find that I lose usually because of my own mistakes and not because of RNG which is a real plus. Another great thing about this game is the number of options they've chosen to include. You can really customize the campaign to your preferred playstyle. Lastly, there is an endless mode, which I have no tried yet, but looks like it will add significantly to the replay value."
,Recommended,243970,15871288,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,tumbleweed,Finally stealth that makes sense and turn based combat that is not random.
,Recommended,243970,15899751,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Gozerian_Justice,"Nail-biting cat and mouse action.Great mechanics and upgrades that actually feel worth getting.Normally I am not into games like XCOM and the like, but Invisible Inc. strips out some of the complexity.  Don't let that fool you though.  This game is no walk in the park.Highly recommend it."
76561198033906198,Recommended,243970,15901670,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,freakycheeseman,"I'm not quite through the (very short) campaign yet, but I already feel like I've got my money's worth with this game.Before I go, I do have one disclaimer: The game is very short. This is closer to FTL than XCOM, and you're obviously supposed to re-play with different starting agents and difficulty levels if you want to get a lot of the time out of the game. I actually like that, as these days I just don't have the time to sink 40+ hours into any game that isn't Kerbal Space Program, but if you've got more time than money, this might not be your game.On the other hand, hour-by-hour this is a wonderful exerience. The mechanics are very simple and easy to grasp, but create a lot of strategic depth. A lot of other people are talking about those aspects, though, so I want to devote some time to the save mechanics. Rather than have either a traditional unlimited save system (which would lead to save-scumming, in a game like this) or having no saves (which would lead to either frustration or cheating and backing up the save file), you get a very limited number of one-turn ""rewinds"" per mission. These are enough to soften the learning curve and keep you out of game-ending screw ups, but not so wild that they feel cheat-y; the rewinds feel like part of the game, so I don't feel guilty about using them."
76561198002211553,Recommended,243970,15914590,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,TurtleBoy,Excellent game!  Requires careful planning and strategy - a nice change.  Reminds me of the Netrunner: Infiltration card game.  Never the same game twice even if you use the same agents.  In the top 5 of games I have ever played.  Check those corners... :)
76561197982108776,Recommended,243970,15962317,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Tominator,"Klei puts out incredible games, no matter the genre, and Invisible, Inc. is no exception.It's a rogue-like turn-based stealth game, where you maneuver your team of agents through randomly generated floors, hacking things, peeking around corners, taking out guards, stealing stuff, etc. A campaign only takes a few hours, unless you play endless mode, but there is lots of replayability and it is very much meant to be replayed over and over since you unlock new agents and programs after each playthrough (with an exp-system like in Don't Starve).Great game, can't recommend enough, need to play more now."
,Recommended,243970,15982952,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Sir Legoracer97,"The story is beautiful, the difficulty is balanced... well worth purchasing"
76561198037658599,Recommended,243970,15997449,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,전기 오실,"Off-hands off but v/ competent storytelling, tight gameplay, very intense. Not enough cute boys."
,Recommended,243970,16012172,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,thade,"XCOM meets Metal Gear. Outgunned and outnumbered, you use stealth and clever tricks to confuse, evade, or dispatch guards while getting done what needs doing.By the way: dragging a guard over an IR fence or field will disable it; dropping him on it will keep it disabled. You're welcome.This game is amazing. I'm already frothing at the mouth for any DLC they produce."
,Recommended,243970,16028019,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,pendantry,Finished beginner game.... that was SO COOL :)
76561197977804023,Recommended,243970,12702803,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,semajjalsten,Super intense fun strategy game that never plays the same way twice. I still have no great strategy for getting everything I want from a location...
,Recommended,243970,15812611,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Oblivious,"Loving this game, it has everything I loved about Shadowrun but without any of the downsides. Brilliant tactical combat and actual progression on your characters. Go buy this now!"
,Recommended,243970,15865108,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,scaper12123,"Dear god... the last 9 hours of my gaming career have perhaps been the most stressful I've ever experienced. This game is incredibly tense and i highly recommend it. I'm serious! This is one of those rare gems that is both challenging and fun, and all because you GET challenges that you have to overcome.The game is largely stealth based; you last as long in a firefight as a chicken would in a slaughterhouse. The game encourages you to watch guard patrols and stealth for as long as you can, only resorting to direct confrontation when you can either lure your enemy to you or ambush them from behind a table. You get a knack for exploring the levels and figuring out where guards will come from, where you can hide, what you can take for an escape route. Sometimes the guards can catch you by surprise, or they have special enhancements that force you to rethink your entry strategy.I do have some qualms. There are a few scenarios where I would expect guards to be able to spot me, but that in itself is nitpicking. I'd appreciate a means of acquiring a melee weapon from freed agents during detention center levels, and an ability to use recharging melee weapons at a cost of power, balanced of course by being expensive and punishing. More ways to deal with guards would be nice, like an ability/chance to bribe guards to leave you alone when nobody else is observing them (perhaps attached to anarchy).There are a few other qualms I have, but really this is just nitpicking. On the whole, it's a very solid stealth game and it's worth your time. To give an example, in my most recent play-through I had to deal with a guard who turned out to have armor. I had to move my agents all about, luring them into all different rooms while also dealing with daemons that prevented Incognita from opperating. Deker literally had two guards and a security bot pointed at him when he cloaked and ran away, and two of my agents were trapped hiding in side rooms by guards on the prowl. To make a long story short, a lot of shuffling and strategizing later, all my agents made it out. How the hell I figured that one out i'll never know, but it was all the more gratifying knowing that I succeeded in such a difficult scenario.tl;dr: buy this game!"
76561198032322161,Recommended,243970,15983820,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,pojarskiy05,"Reminds FTL very much, interesting"
,Recommended,243970,14011571,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,nabs,One of the few Early Access games worth buying.11/10
,Recommended,243970,15809275,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Crvnch,Excellent TBS with lots of options that is oozing with style. Super fun to play and quite replayable because of the randomness. Similar to XCOM.
76561197969907665,Recommended,243970,15915542,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Sir Snipeington,"This game is awesome, it feels really new and different from anything else i've played, the mechanics work really well but i feel that the game is a bit short. It's meant to be played multiple times with different agents but i was hoping for a longer campaign to be honest (3,5 hours for the first playthrough).I'll recommend this regardless... play it on expert settings to stretch the experience, it's definitely rewarding."
76561198067704420,Recommended,243970,16316005,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Lyer is the Captain,"A very good game, slightly too short imho. Klei confirms as top quality anyway, but I hope they'll make this longer someday in the future."
76561198003420249,Recommended,243970,16637656,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Handy,"Lots of fun! Stealth XCOM. The thing to understand, though, is that this is a Rogue-like, in the sense that a full run takes you a few hours, with progression between campaigns. Don't expect each campaign to run for weeks, a la XCOM, because you'll be disappointed. But the proceedural nature of the game keeps it fresh and fun.As a self admited save-scummer, they address this beautifully. Depending on the difficulty level, they provide a number of ""rewinds"" per level that allow you to go back a turn. This is plenty enough for me to keep from save-load-save-load-save-loading and accept the end with more grace when it comes."
76561198034885067,Recommended,243970,16820113,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,blackdragon2026,"The random map generation keeps you on your toes, the various starting characters and programs give you various playstyles, and managing Incognita's power resource while remembering to close all doors is quite a hassle but a fun one."
76561198145277370,Recommended,243970,14682349,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Murlin Shpurkle,This is a super fun game its hard but fun and you cant blame the game you can only blame your self if you mess upSelect your Agents and good luck... youl need it >:)
76561197962064766,Recommended,243970,15816717,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Jon,"Think X-Com, but the focus is on stealth and hacking instead of combat. Loving this game!"
,Recommended,243970,16134834,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,israphil,"I have been playing this game for a year now since early access and I enjoyed and still enjoy every minute of it, its a brilliant combination of stealth tactics, hacking and espionage in a turn based mode where a single tile displacemnet can be the difference between succsess and failure, the dev's deliverd a decent pool of characters and character's archive (like a different playstyle for a certain character) and still offer you the chance to make your own signeture on the characters through augmentations, what i feel lacking though is the personality of the characters and the Operator bond with his Agents, if only the Dev's create a unique voice-over for every Agent/Character on movement/action i think it will close the gap and delivers a depth to each Agent/Character and another thing i would love to see in the future is the backstory of the agents, sorry Central but your dialogue isn't enough to get me atached to Prism :P."
,Recommended,243970,16301483,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Gary Larson,"Invisible, Inc. is a great game I recommend, but there are a few things that could be improved on .First thing is the random generation of the map. Now the randomness of the map is the great part and can make it fun and it can be hard. The map isnt the problem but the patrols, many times I've encountered situations were the two guards are stationary in a room. At this point you have three options, go around (if possible), leave the area alone which might be the yarget or exit, or lure the guards and knock them out, which makes things more dangerous. Im hoping you can fix this so there is only one guard. Next thing is it is almost impossible to beat the last level with parasite alone and I have lost MANY games because I cant get a server farm to get more programs. My suggestion is that you maybe make it so with certain starting agents and programs different types of locations are more likely to spawnPS-Love the game thank you so much for making it and im looking forward to future updates with great content, keep doing what your doing"
,Recommended,243970,16606300,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Mahtasooma,"This is hands down the most balanced and well designed game I have played in a very very long time.The only game that is a clear 10/10 because of this.Zero RNG besides level design, which has insanely good algorithms for that because I never encountered a really impossible or unfair situation.This is basically chess in a cyberpunk setting."
76561198088777022,Recommended,243970,18421577,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Final Freefall,"Great strategy with an original approach to the genre.  If you hate suspense, interesting concepts, and  good writing avoid this game."
,Recommended,243970,18054069,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Shadowpoker,"Very nice game, one of my favorite in the first half of 2015. I would recommend starting at the “Experienced”, or you would destroy much of the game experience. The game is quite short, but if you start at the Experienced level you will learn to enjoy replay the game a few times before completing it. This will also give you the time to explore different setup to complete the mission in different ways. The Deco-punk in the game is quite enjoyable and the creators seem to have an understanding of the cyberpunk enough to have PUNK as a part of the concept. Not as some games who just make Cyber-soldiers, Cyber-assassin, Cyber-forces or… something… and call it Cyberpunk."
76561197985133829,Recommended,243970,17940622,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,thisiskevin,"I don't normally write reviews. But i've just completed this game in the easiest mode and it was freaking hard!You are playing as a group of spies trying to fight back the corporations i guess, this is a full on stealth game which means you can't go running around without planning what to do. And definitely you'll get killed if you get spotted by the guards.The artwork is really beautiful, the soundtrack is nice. The story even though it is really short, highly enjoyable.Would totally recommend to anyone who likes stealth rogue like games!"
,Recommended,243970,17950879,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,RetrogradeTom,"This game is really cool if you're into tile/turn-based strategy games, and it also throws in the ""roguelike"" components of randomized dungeons, items, and playthroughs.  My first playthrough lasted 5 hours on Beginner difficulty, which seems short, but it's meant to be played multiple, multiple times (with like 7 difficulties shown from the start).  You gain experience each time you finish the game, win or lose (so you always get credit for your work), unlocking more stuff as you move on to higher difficulties.Randomized hacks and items have been really interesting so far, with me feeling as if my limited choices and combos of those choices really matter.  You also choose what kind of missions you will undertake as you prepare for the final mission, unable to complete them all (and they're also randomized each game as are level layouts and guards/drones/etc), deciding whether you want to steal agent implants, heist a vault of credits (to upgrade your agents or buy items/hacks), rescue new agents, and more.I didn't think the game structure would be as interesting as it is until I won once and started on the second difficulty.  It was noticably harder and I failed, but felt just fine about starting up again and trying out a different agent's abilities and hacking loadout.Not to mention the awesome futuristic ""hacker"" world and art style, complete with the nice touch of ""demoscene"" music when you're buying abilities from random hacked terminals in a level.  A damn good game."
76561198060401122,Recommended,243970,17944261,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,AdventuresOf:TimTim,"Really great game. Im just waiting for this to be multiplayer over net with voip or even 2-player over LAN would actually be enough.Anyway, never regretted buying this one, and was the first of only a handful games i bothered to redownload to my steam library after a fresh OS install.If you like intelligent and challenging puzzle sized strategy games you can play for 30 minutes or 30 hours depending on your mood just buy it."
,Recommended,243970,18006638,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Caffeine Heart,The best tactical strategy game I've played in a very long time. Also very replayable.
,Recommended,243970,30439950,Posted: 10 March,all,Sunder,Should have bought this game ages ago!
76561198023507159,Recommended,243970,12689789,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,the.grognard,This game is fun!There's not much more to say about this game than that.
,Recommended,243970,15944118,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Kyouko,"This game gets me so ♥♥♥♥ing salty sometimes.It's good for a $20 game. Difficult, with levels being generated on the fly. Sometimes you get a good map where guards are humping walls like ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, or you get a map with guards that patrol into your spawn first turn.Movement is like XCOM, square tile based with a finite amount of tiles or actions you can do per character per turn. Combat is whoever shoots first assuming your weapon is powerful enough to overpower their armour rating, and you will always get a turn to react to the AI should you be spotted, unless it's on the last move of your turn, then that's your own fault.There's a ton of options to customize your campaign with, but the default settings has an alarm meter that auto increments every turn, this gives you a risk of rain type of scaling difficulty where the longer you stay on a level to collect bonus loot, the more difficult it will be to survive. I like having this on as it make's the game truly tense.So what do you do in the game? Well you pick a mission from the world map and you fly there. The distance traveled will drain your ""time to live"" which is a countdown to the final mission. You need to pick missions based on their distance in relation to you and each other, as well as the their mission reward being what you could use to improve your team for the final mission. This creates a system where you need to pick between quantity or quality of missions.Every mission you will be beamed onto a randomly generated map. All maps consist of a series of connected rooms, doors, cover and interactables (including enemies). The specifics vary but most missions are drop in, find objective, find exit, escape. You will want to explore the rooms quickly, as the alarm timer increases and activate defences for each 5 point increment. This means you need to get the most out of every movement point to explore the level quickly. You'll ideally also find safes to loot and shops to spend money at while you are in the level. This is important as you can't aquire items  outside of these levels, apart from the 1 or 2 you can get from monster over the course of the campaign.So balancing with this need for speed is the safety of stealth. When the level is fresh, you aren't being actively hunted. If you knock out or are seen by guard, he will go into hunt mode. He will now run around unpredictably, searching for you. They can still be avoided, but you can't see them all the time (unless you have the great pleasure of finding a TAG pistol). This isn't so bad until there's multiple guards running around like ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. And if they see you, you have to break line of sight or you will be shot. Which takes up precious movement points and even turns that could be used for something useful like finding the exit. So stirring the bees nest isn't too great unless you pick a team that can fight well.I get asked what you do in this game a lot so I thought I'd just write up my understanding. I could continue typing but I'm lazy.tl;dr Turn-based stealth strategy mishmash which combines time pressure and exploration to make a tense and difficult game. Pretty good for it's price though I think the game is kind of lacking in equipment options."
,Recommended,243970,11824604,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Shake Appeal,"This has the potential to be the best stealth game released in the last decade. Or longer. The core experience is in place and very solid, there are no game-breaking bugs that I've encountered, and there are already a good few hours of content. If they can build on what's here, it's going to be superb.Update: The game has been released, and it is now officially the best stealth game released in the last decade. Buy it, please."
,Recommended,243970,15935280,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Phurl,"There are very few stealth games that are actually done properly and worth playing.Invisible, Incis one of them. The game successfully combines rogue-like elements, such as randomized levels and perma-death, with the gameplay of a turn-based strategy, which results in a great experience.The campaign (although slightly short) and art style give the game a great atmosphere, while the varying difficulties, potential for themed runs, and randomized levels give plenty of replayability. Sticking with the atmosphere, the voice acting is well-done, and the soundtrack gives a good background to the game, which also seems to react based on whether you've been spotted / security level etc.Overall, this is an incredibly slick game that I can't recommend enough. Props to Klei for making something so polished."
,Recommended,243970,18008007,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,PTMentats,"Very interesting game. Sneaky future spy story with a bit of noir-steampunk feel to it. Engage situations with tactical awareness, building a team of spy soldiers while stealing from the rich rivals to give to yourself!Easy to learn, fun to play strategy game that is hard to define, as it's in a class of it's own."
76561198040980318,Recommended,243970,18062414,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,steelphantom,Maybe a touch overpriced for how short the main storyline is but very solid and well put together. Very clear goals and maps made the gameplay really enjoyable. The alarm system is balanced to encourage you go move quickly but not so much that you feel crunched for time. The story I thought was very fun and enjoyable and had some colorful characters but then it just...ended. You can beat the main story in an afternoon no problem and the only thing after that is just higher difficulties which didn't really interest me at all. If the rogue-like gameplay and challenging difficulties are enough for you then you will love this game. If a story is what keeps you hooked then you will be disappointed.
,Recommended,243970,18230991,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Keith,"More sneakily-random than most games you'll play; it rarely just has a straight up dice-roll-in-your-face. Overall, it's somewhat unique, and feels like a strategy/tactics game, even if ultimately, you don't ever really feel like you have very many viable options. A much worse problem is the fact that Invisible Inc doesn't have a clear goal, instead opting for a ""High Score"" thing.With all of that said, it's still worth a few plays, for sure."
,Recommended,243970,22082743,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Wade Wilson,MUCH HARD!MUCH INTERSTING!MUCH FUN!Still cant beat the game on NORMAL difficulty :D20/20 pwr
,Recommended,243970,21116173,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,RagsWolf,"As far as I know, this is the best top-down turn-based purist stealth game that exists.If only Klei owned the rights to Thief..."
76561198021163116,Recommended,243970,16163405,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,mpj,"If you even remotely liked X-Com and/or Splinter Cell, don't read more reviews, just buy. Incredibly well done."
76561198035755220,Recommended,243970,16288178,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Azrael,"An excellent turn-based game for a very reasonable price. The game is well balanced and keeps you constantly on your toes. Even as you get better equipment and agent upgrades, the game is never easy as the missions scale up in difficulty as well.My only complaint is that the campaign mode is too short. Would have been better if they flesh out the storyline and add another 6 - 8 missions.Am hoping they make a sequel to this game, or at least a DLC.Highly recommended. Yet another quality Klei game that I enjoy."
76561198006416682,Recommended,243970,16309116,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,DoomyDoom,"An excellent stealth strategy game that keeps you on your toes every single turn. One of those rare cases where you actively try to avoid combat, and have an actual incentive to do so - because eventually you WILL get overwhelmed. If you're into games with replayability based on procedural generation - this is probably for you."
,Recommended,243970,16439814,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,sleepyoverlord,I got the game because I enjoyed Mark of the Ninja and Don't Starve. There isn't much in the way of story and the campaign is on the short side. About 5 hours from my experience. Gameplay is fun and the game goes for replayability with unlockables and randomly generated levels. You can't unlock all the abilities and different agents in one play through. It's not for everyone but I had an ok time. 7/10.
,Recommended,243970,16467139,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,ehrgeix,"I very much enjoy grid/turn based tactical combat games (X-Com, Fire Emblem, etc). Invisible Inc is the best that I've played -- it's a low randomness valuation/appraisal skill test with impeccable design. The difficulty curve is superb, and it's clear that the devs put a lot of thought into the kind of situations players would end up in and the tools they'd have to deal with them."
,Recommended,243970,16579372,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,ik1ne,"Definitely one of the the best strategy I've seen.Warning: slight spoiler, what you're going to see in 1~2 hours of gameplay.Some appealing points:1. Incognita system: Definitely bright, brave idea on turn based strategy.With her, it's not just your agents who's doing the job - you're fighting corps in another layer, which is cyber space.Will you use more power to shut that camera this turn? Or, wait some more turn so store some power for later and cover that gap with your agents? Of course, it's not just power management simulator - Will you dare to hack a daemon-inhibitted firewall, risking serious daemon algorithms runining your plan and valuable asset(agents)?It's your selection and strategy, and it's a fresh refreshment to a might-be-boring sight range calculation strategy game.Conclusion: 10 out of 10, for the incognita2. Cover System.Yes, it's true or false. Just simple. If you're flanked, you're visible. If not, you're not visible. What is simple means it has no flaws.However, I wish it become some more complicated. After you learn how it's working, it's fascinating and fun for a while, and it gets bored (not that much, so it doesn't make the entire game boring.)Conclusion: 8 out of 10, it's little boring and too simple but at least it isn't a gamebreaker.3. ItemsWIPAlthough this game has some (minor) flaws, this game is so awesome."
76561198132915888,Recommended,243970,16660977,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,♥Pink Ravens♥,"If you like turn-based strategy, buying this is a no-brainer.If you DON'T like turn-based strategy, you should still give this a try.This game addresses the problems inherent in both turn-based strategy and stealth games by removing the ambiguity that turns people like me off, allowing total strategic thought with no guesswork.For example, in, say Fire Emblem, all your units have skills, health, multiple stats, and just countless variables that make it difficult to determine the best course of action. In Invisible Inc, units are alive, unconscious, or dead, with no inbetweens, and you know beforehand whether or not what you're attempting will succeed.It changes the traditional TBS experience of poring over hundreds of numbers between each turn into a more chess-like experience, where all the information you need is simple and readily available, allowing you to focus on strategy rather than math.Same goes for the stealth. Too many stealth games make it unclear whether or not enemies are aware of your position, and again, Invisible Inc removes all ambiguity from the equation by a) changing the common ""gradient"" scale of visibility to a binary yes or no and telling you exactly when you've gone from one to the other, and b) being turn based, which means that once you've been seen, you have all the time in the world to pinpoint the exact route you need to take to get away.I bought this game and finished the campaign on the middle difficulty the same night I bought it. I have yet to beat it on the high difficulty, but I'm loving every attempt.If you want a game that gets away from the needlessly obtuse systems of numbers that too many turn-based games fall back on, and allows you to spend your brainpower on actual STRATEGY instead of math, give this a try."
76561198004244901,Recommended,243970,16693659,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,ElekTrond,Really fun turnbased stealth-game!Highly recommended
,Recommended,243970,16713170,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,CalQL8ed-K-OS,"very unique tactical game.expertly tuned mechanics maintain tension throughout any level, and there are many emergent moments of awesome."
76561197994989169,Recommended,243970,17491127,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Groan Man,I ♥♥♥♥kkking love this game
,Recommended,243970,14361336,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Tchuli,"Since I bought this game, I can't make myself stop playing it... Sooooo addictive!Awesome strategy game and it's still only the Early Access version!Been waiting for a espionage/stealth game with a turn-based approach for quite some time (I like MGS, but turn-based feels more strategic).The characters all have a different way to deal with things and I like to try to put together a good team, with agents that complement each other (with a good Incognita ability to boost that team's abilities).Can't wait for the full game to see what they'll be able to improve...Strategy lovers... This game is for you!"
76561198007513026,Recommended,243970,25334788,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,malcolmmackay224,"After initially struggling to enjoy this game I'm beginning to like it.Unfortunately the game doesn't make it easy to enjoy. As is standard now, there is no documentation, I guess it takes too much effort for indie developers to let you know how their game works. There is a tutorial which is almost useless and a help screen which is also of little help.For the first few hours of play when I made a mistake it was usually because I didn't understand the rules. I prefer games where the challenge lies in finding creative ways to beat the AI using rules that are explained to you. Now that I have struggled to learn the rules I quite enjoy the game."
76561198025480072,Recommended,243970,20427743,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Corchopán Jack,"An amazing turn-based tactics game. Its roguelike features allow for a great replayability value. The difficulty configuration allows several very valid approaches to it (You can either keep the game's original rules or craft your own; for example, you can set the game so the ""alarm"" that is automatically raised every turn when you're infiltrating somewhere doesn't advance automatically, but in exchange you advance whole alarm levels when spotted).Also, the fact that it's a roguelike whose combat mechanics do NOT rely in RNG at all makes it extremely pleasant to play. A plan fails when it's ill conceived or you didn't take something into account. A good plan will always work, regardless of what you get on a dice roll.All in all, it's a very good game if you like stealth and/or tactics games."
76561198025067941,Recommended,243970,15181277,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,jamirokwai,"Invisible, Inc., as a round-based-game is very well done. It has a thick atmosphere, and nice, always new levels, and a well balanced skill-tree. The presentation is technical, and fits very well. If you play heavily guarded levels, you will also experience some nice RPG-reminiscents, like the floating guardian. Reminds me of Eye of the Beholder.So, what is the problem? IF you get to later levels, the guards heavily outnumber your team. It's not 2:1 or 3:1, that could be handable. But in the latest level, I played, I was outnumbered by at least 4:1, and of the guards woke up after one round already - he guarded the CEO of the company to hack. Dealing with a 3 turn cooldown on your main weapon, you are - let's say - always dead. This said, even in easy mode, which i was playing for about 12 hours now, the game always ended after 5 missions. Interestingly, by doing maps randomly, frustration about this is not as high, as expected, as you need to improvise.I know, it's supposed to be a hardcore stealth game, but the difficulty is much to high, even after playing about 30 easy missions, in said 12 hours. However, I'd recommend this game to lovers of round-based, agent, difficult missions."
76561198073313540,Recommended,243970,27372613,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ƹ̵̡Ӝ̵̨̄Ʒ BicBoi [TC] Ƹ̵̡Ӝ̵̨̄Ʒ,"I have to say, this game really surprised. I wasn't expecting it to be so damn good! I did my entire first playthrough in 1 session! This game's super addicting. Amazing Stealth gameplay, nice soundtrack, beautiful art style, as well as a great storyline. Everything about this game is 10/10Make sure to grab this gem if you haven't already ;P"
,Recommended,243970,17740983,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Red,What a game. I love it.
,Recommended,243970,27918986,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,DHoming,One wrong move could bring you to hell. And yet you always feel like you could still make it out somehow....
,Recommended,243970,17681685,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Alegis,"Mission Impossible meets X-Com, and the result is really great."
76561198043762785,Recommended,243970,17086992,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Dr. Noah Body,"Due to the misuse of the early access platform, many of us have been wary of trying any game that releases itself as early access. I first layed my eyes on this game and felt in love with the artstyle. I had to instantly get this game and give it a shot. I had no prior experience with any Klei Entertainment games before this.This game was pretty challenging when I first started out but once you get used to it then it is all about your decision making. All I would have issue with is with the zooming of the camera but it was not a big deal.The story is pretty simple, just an excuse to stealth because big corps are doing their usual business and it's time to take advantage. All the characters have their own useful abilities and can be improved as long as you stay alive.The game has incredible customization so if you took a wrong move you can re-do it. You can set yourself a limit as little as 1 per game or as many as 99. You determine your experience, just fidle around with it until you find your difficulty.There's nothing wrong with playing this game as casual as you want it to be. I just want you to know that this game is incredible and if you can play it any way you want.That said, other reviews are written more in detail and bring the real meat of this game. This is just my personal experience and look for this game. All I can say is I have become a huge fan of Klei after this and hope that they keep blowing me away with their games."
76561198056430745,Recommended,243970,17115747,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Babushka,Invisible Inc. is an excellent mix of XCOM and FTL. Easily the most fun tactical game I've played.
,Recommended,243970,17078858,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,The CZ-ining,"Loved it. You can never get into a perfect spot and even the most expeirienced players can slip up causing mass amounts of thinking to get away from 2 or 3 guards. This game makes you feel powerless but powerful at the same time. The ending i diddnt see coming the first time i played. Detention centers give you junk agents that you HAVE to spend time to armor up for at least 1 or 2 missions. when this was in the early stages, i couldnt get past mission 2... but now im able to actually beat the game and train for the next difficulty by training on the one before, but even then the game is still hard and thats what i love about it.""...We pull no punches.""-Hardest Level Description"
76561198123339526,Recommended,243970,17129596,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Steel,"Now this game is out of early access. I feel it's time for me to re-review this game:Invisible Inc is a turn based stealth game revolving around a unique hacking & power system. Used to turn the far more powerful corporations weapons against them. Think the emo teenage son of Watch Dogs & Xcom Enemy Unknown.This game is very addictive; I swear it was 8pm I thought ""just one quick runthrough."" died after 4 missions ""that was really short let's try again!"" I ended finishing the game at 10am the next day.Story;♥♥♥♥ yo story fool! You get two cutscenes! The first at the start of the game where it's all like ""Oh no's our company is being attacked!"" then some woman grabs her porn floppy disc or something & run off onto some jet. The ending is the game pulling a Skynet and saying your hacky A.I has gone rogue and is now at full control of all the worlds electronics and procedes to do... Nothing.Graphics;Very nice cartoony/comic book style. Zero performance issues even on my ♥♥♥♥♥♥ PC.Gameplay;Movement is just like Xcom EW. Except with APs instead of just two moves. You get to see the guards line of sight before you move, always helpful. When playing this game remember one thing:YOU ARE NOT Agent 47, Ezio Auditore, Sam Fisher or Solid Snake. Once spotted you can move once or use one fancy gadget before you get shot to♥♥♥♥♥♥and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by some corporate♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥in insanely OP armour.The game sports a very cool alarm system. Where by each turn your alarm level increases by one; once it reaches a certain point more guards spawn, more cameras turn on etc.Game world;You get to travel from maze of gray corridors to maze of big gray rooms 1,000,000/10In conclusion I love this game, it's very addictive, fun & punishing. I could never truely feel immersed in the story as the actual spies you use range from silent man in trenchcoat to silent man in trenchcoat with a cool hat; and all the dialogue comes from two random bell ends at the dumped into your roster at the end. Thanks game! I spent hours levelling up and equiping my spies then you just leave two of your unwanted deus ex regects (bearing in mind they are level 1 with level 1 gear) and saying ""get them across that maze of sentries traps and immortal glowing devil things for us will ya?""Plus it's impossible to stealth in a really cramped corridor with six guys you know game!"
,Recommended,243970,21647007,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,LODE,"Brilliant! Exactly what you'd expect from the makers of Mark of the Ninja - stealth at it's finest, but so much more and done with incredibly well-polished finish work. Add in XCOM and ShadowRun-level turn-based tactical combat, mix in a healthy dose of Mission Impossible and just enough Archer.....BAZINGA! Invisible, Inc is a must-play for anyone with even a passing interest in turn-based strategy games."
,Recommended,243970,15801838,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,craftycommando,"owned it almost entirely through early access, completely worth the  14 i spent, well definitelt be worth the full price of 20"
,Recommended,243970,21882659,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,dort,"I just finished beginner mode and I must say I quite enjoyed it!This game reminded me a lot of Shadowrun series by HBS. I mean, it's in the future, where corporations have taken over and there's weird technology to enhance your abilities and also a lot of corporate espionage going on..Also the vision is isometric and it's turn based. There's also a matrix-like thingy which also blends into the gameplay. OK, you don't get different races as there's only the human race available for playing, but I digress.This game is awesome.And I believe ""beginner"" mode is not as easy as one might think.I had to restart a couple of levels and rewind a few of my moves throughout my gameplay.Also, Klei is an incredible game company.Give it a try!"
,Recommended,243970,28967404,Posted: 2 January,all,Daiyamo,"While being in the excedingly niche turn-based xcom-like stealth game genre, the game provides an amazing tile based stealth system.  Set in a future where Corperations spend an insane amount of money on security and on infiltrating eachother, your organization is on the run after a raid on your HQ as you learn that your group spent the least on security.  And now your group is on the run and it begins the game with only 2 agents against all the mega corps of the world.The flow of the game itself is even xcom like with a world/planning screen where you choose missions and equipment and a tactical screen  where you execute the missions.  The design of both layers are very tight and usually when you've got a tough choice, it's usually between 2 or 3 choices rather than a complex web of things to consider and every choice feels very powerful when it works out.  Nothing feels too marginal and everything has it's use which is nessecary for a good procedurally generated game.  And building a good team adds another bit of suspense when you start to put your agents in more and more danger with the risk of any of them getting captured.  It only takes 1 shot to take out any of your characters and every 5 turns the difficulty increases in some way as the corp security close in as you run out of places to hide.  The one major gripe I can find is that the game can get pretty visually cluttered at times and can be hard to descifer whats happening and what to do if there are a lot of entities and walls/corners in a small space.Even though the RNG can get pretty brutal especially with some with mission rewards, never had any procedurally genn-ed game give such E M O T I O N S.   Lots of variety and its really good looking to boot and in a setting that I personally love.  An auto reccomend if you like netrunner, a lot of similarities in theme and in progression since the corps get stronger as time goes on making your 'runs' harder to pull off."
76561198008043989,Recommended,243970,31688460,Posted: 11 May,all,Goofus,"One of the best strategy games I've ever played. One of the best stealth games I've ever played. The game mechanics are finely tuned like a well designed board game. What I appreciate most about this game is how fair it is and how the player has access to so much information when making decisions (e.g. being able to see guard patrol routes, where guards will go next turn, etc.). One thing that always bothers me about the XCOM series is how you can pull defeat from the jaws of victory due to RNG on shots sometimes. Here, the game is extremely difficult, but the only randomization is in level design, layout, and items and upgrades. One of the most well designed games in terms of its mechanics I've ever played."
,Recommended,243970,15801960,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,TheDaemoness,An excellent rougelike stealthy strategy game. Fun for artificial intelligences of all capacities.
,Recommended,243970,19079408,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Flea.ip,"Played it during the Free Weekend on Nov 14, 2015.  I thought it was rather amazing, and definitely a lot of fun."
76561197968055402,Recommended,243970,16426820,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Giant Space Hamster,"This is a great game! I feel it's important to state up-front that this is a rogue-like game. Some people are calling it ""rogue-lite"" because there are options to allow single-turn rewinds and level replays, but expert mode (the intended mode) only gives you a single rewind per level and no level retries. This is only barely more forgiving than iron-man mode which is effectively full rogue-like mode with no rewinds. It is very well done if you like the genre.Playing this game feels like a hybrid between FTL, Dungeon of the Endless (DotE), and Monaco. Upgrading your character with augmentations and items feels very much like FTL's ship upgrades (minus the energy requirement). Level play has similarities to DotE in that room control is important and you sometimes leave a man back a room or two to keep a guard occupied. You also find ""merchants"" within levels to upgrade rather than in between levels (mostly). Evading guards reminds me of Monaco's playstyle.In other words, it's stealth X-COM in a rogue-like format. Amazing game. Very well done!"
,Recommended,243970,12602164,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,scary pasta chef,"The best way I can describe this is cyberpunk spy X-Com.You break into a corporate building, do an objective (Loot a vault, get a prototype, rescue a prisoner),and it eventually goes on until you reach the end of the day limit.The management is interesting, it's replayable, and worth a shot. Also fun."
76561198063794255,Recommended,243970,20740033,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Stakixat,"Most games that constantly kick my♥♥♥♥♥are quickly relegated to my shelf of memories, but for some reason this game keeps bringing me back. The combination of stealth and turn based gameplay intrigues me greatly. I have started a game, gotten myself into an impossible situation, and retired my agency just to restart the game again a number of times. It can drive me crazy, but I never held it against the game."
,Recommended,243970,18477506,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Coreus Symphonia,"Like stealth combined with turn based strategy, often crazy ice-chillingly tense at times? Invisible, Inc. is the game you've been waiting for.If you liked any of the high fidelity, rock solid gameplay mechanics of any other Klei game, you know what you're in for here. The experience is, all the way through, a heart-thrilling ride of sticking to the shadows, diverting enemies and just sliding past guards. Also, Gladstone, your mission control lady, adds several layers of great spy-esque vibe to the game."
,Recommended,243970,28772059,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,TripSin,"This game is a fantastic rogue-like, stealth, spy, turn-based, cyberpunk srategy game. Well polished game by Klei. Great gameplay, amazing music, interesting characters and story.The only real complaints I've seen are that this game is too hard for some people and that the game is too short.1) The game has some rogue-like RNG elements, but is almost ALWAYS beatable. If you're being beaten you have to be able to put in some effort to learn the mechanics of the game and come up with strategy to win. There are plenty of forum posts offering advice and online videos you can learn from.2) Once you've beat the story mode you should definitely try out the endless campaign mode. There is a lot of depth to the gameplay that only comes out in a longer campaign (which goes up to Day 20 in difficulty) that you don't get in the regular story mode."
,Recommended,243970,34863634,Posted: 10 September,all,Sketch Szabo,"fun unique gameplay, interesting enough story. Beat it in 5 hours though, tried some other gamemodes, but they're either easier or harder, nothing really new added with more playthrough. Good game, a short must play great for a day. A stealth game must have, buy it on sale with the dlc i heard it adds some hours to the story."
,Recommended,243970,24195617,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Poison,"Klei Entertainment continue to impress me with their games. Invisible, Inc. could best be summed up as playing the new XCOM games completely from the point of view of stealth. You /can/ take on the enemy units, but it's rarely the best course of action. Setting up distractions, traps, or flat out sneaking around when they aren't looking is usually better and far more enjoyable an experience.Campaign without the Contigency Plan DLC is a bit short, but that isn't a negative. The game is designed on playing it multiple times with different tools like you would a roguelike game, which is further enforced by the Iron Man style of gameplay. Screw up a mission? Welp, that agency is done. Try again!If you enjoy stealth games at all this should be right up your alley. Assuming you've already played Klei's other stellar stealth offering: Mark of the Ninja."
76561198031407402,Recommended,243970,24202496,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,lastblacknight,This is a clever game that is easy to learn byt tricky to master.It's turn based byt as you play you'll unlock more agents to expand your playstyle.This one is staying on my system -  lots of replayablity!
,Recommended,243970,33594798,Posted: 16 July,all,hon med två sår,"This is a great roguelike, one of the best and most varied I have played, and a great turn based strategy game, I think it has much better and more interesting mechanics than XCOM, for example. The one shot death system and vision cone system are fantastic! The choice between lethal and non lethal weapons and tactics is fantastic! It's really just so well designed and there is so much variation in strategy and gameplay based on the items and characters you get at the beginning of each run.The story is minimal and incomprehensible, but who cares, you can skip it all and even play endless mode instead if you want, although I think its more fun to work towards a winning run in story mode."
76561198055767367,Recommended,243970,11981895,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,ÇǼȘȺȐ,Played this for just a bit and im loving it already.  Seems like it has alot of potential.will add more as I play....
76561198104374389,Recommended,243970,11871440,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Mortuus,"First of all, I do not know what people are complaining about. Invisible, Inc. is challenging but it isn't difficult. On my first try I got a score of ~5000. It also isn't very buggy either in my experience. I have found some OP 1337 strats that shouldn't be there already but they'll be patched with the updates to come. This game is worth a lot more than $15 as long as you like stealth mechanics. I haven't played XCOM so i'm not sure how it compares, but if this is your first stealth-type game then it should last you a long time. Very Fun :) ++"
76561198031746878,Recommended,243970,20263180,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Sergeant Kill,"Another great and addicting game by Klei. If your looking for a challenging and strategic game this is it. This game offers no do overs, no retries and best of all no save scumming. The nature of the game makes its high stakes gameplay rewarding. You will use every item in your arsenal to survive, no chance to hoard items that you never use. This game is perfect for the OCD perfectionist who can't otherwise complete games due to obsessive reloading because it wont let you."
76561198038180227,Recommended,243970,34493595,Posted: 25 August,all,Erick,"The game is short - like, really short. I finished it in 17 hours and that´s just because my two first agencies failed.Still, it is a very smooth blend of random level generation and real story-driven plot. The characters which command the agency (and actually do the talking) are charismatic and have wonderful voice acting.The gameplay itself is a classic risk-and-reward setting: every turn inside the enemy base raises security against you - do you rush to your objective and risk being poor and unequipped on the long run? Or do you take your time to dig through enemy treasures, risking having your agents killed?"
76561197995421497,Recommended,243970,33327873,Posted: 6 July,all,Steve-O,"5 Things You Should Know aboutInvisible, Inc.What's Is It?Imagine XCOM as a hardcore stealth game and you've basically got the idea.  The story revolves around a freelance clandestine organization (the eponymous Invisible, Inc.) in a dystopian, megacorp-controlled future who have just been outed to their enemies and need to react quickly to avoid annihilation.What's The Best Part?I love stealth games and I love XCOM, so the flawless combination of these two things is Heaven to me. The campaign is pretty short, but it's intense and exciting every step of the way.  Procedural map generation helps to enhance replayability, and there's also a good number of other game modes and unlockables to keep you coming back.What's The Worst Part?I honestly have trouble finding anythingnot to likeabout this game.  For the sake of putting SOMETHING here, I'd say: my heart aches that the campaign is over so quickly.  I'd love to just delve into the setting and play a sandbox-style ""covert organization management"" game for hours on end.  That being said, the brevity DOES play an important role in keeping you on the edge of your seat, so I see why they made it this way.Will I Like It?If you like stealth games, check it out.  If you like turn-based tactical games, check it out.  If you like futuristic super-spy stories, check it out!  You will NOT be disappointed.Should I Buy It?Absolutely, yes.  Even if it's not really ""your thing"" this is one of those games everyone should experience, at least once.This has been a 5TYSK review. (#0002)"
,Recommended,243970,15931608,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Pelandes,"Brought you by the creators of Mark of the Ninja, this a rougelike which has this FTL vibe to it, but that it couldn't be played more differently.The game is set in a not-so-unbelievable future in which corporations have taken over governments and people have started to swap their body parts for cybernetic augmentations. You are part of a freelance intelligence agency which tried to screw over the corps and got busted. You barely escape with little to no equipment and two predetermined agents. And the worst of all is yet to come: the AI ""Incognita"" which was the soul of the agency is running out of battery and you have 72 hours, tops, to get as much equipment, cash and trained agents as you humanely can before the timer runs out and the final mission plays out.The mechanics are simple:  you select a mission from the world map (usually aiming for the mission types you think you are going to need in that occasion) and spend a set amount of hours from your precious 3 days to get there. Once in the mission, you must infiltrate a corporation building, do whatever you went to do there and get out alive. Of course, guards will be on the scene to kindly ask you not to take their stuff. And by ""kindly"", I mean shooting the daylights out of you.Unlike most stealth games, this is a turn-based game. You move, guards move, and then it's your turn again. Sticking to the shadows and take out the guards without attracting attention is going to be your best bet, as the enemy massively outnumbers and outguns you. If you get spotted, the guards will only hesitate for a fraction of a second and then will open fire. A single bullet is fatal, and they never miss. The alarm, rather than being a stupid ON/OFF switch, it is a threat that slowly creeps up to you, with additional measures being taken every time you reach the next level of security. Alarmed guards will never stop hunting you and KOed enemies will eventually get up on their feet again and go after you.Whether I pulled off a textbook infiltration or everything fell apart but somehow managed to get out dragging the body of a fallen agent, it felt amazing. You shouldn't miss this odd masterpiece.+ I could have never guessed that a turn-based game could be so tense. I found myself holding my breath when stuck in a particularly dangerous situation.+ Limited resource management taken to an absurd limit. Everything you do will have a consequence.+ The campaign is generated randomly every time you play, so no playthrough is the same as any other before.+ You can go either lethal or non-lethal (for as long as you don't go in guns blazing, because you'll get shredded by the guards), but either side will come back to bite you: KOed guards wake up after a short time, fully alarmed; and enemies rise the alarm as they die, plus clean-up costs.+  Even though it sounds like a hardcore difficulty game (it is), it's sorta friendly to new players, with lower difficulties and retries if you ever need them (though those are limited).- As I said, it IS a hardcore game even in its standard difficulty. It will frustrate you, since you WILL eventually fail. Multiple times.- Average campaign time is 3-5 hours. It's meant to be heavily replayable.- As with every RNG game ever, sometimes Lady Luck just hates you. Have fun when that happens.This game gets a solid 8 out of 10."
,Recommended,243970,21351572,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Fuzzball,"Klei continue to impress with a game that is once again different to what they’ve produced before, yet still recognisably theirs.Here is an easy to learn turn-based stealth system where the developer’s excellent visual design choices mean nothing is left unclear. However, it’s a real challenge to master, with rising security, randomized level design and item drops, and deadly enemies. Fortunately, this all adds up to encourage you to play through the campaign over and over again! Even better, the huge amount of customization options (and then mod support) mean this is a title with pretty much endless replay value."
,Recommended,243970,12674685,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Guyver,Shut up and take my money
,Recommended,243970,13094200,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Cypher,"Very good.Turn based stealth, reminds me of metal gear AC!D.Graphics are very high quality. (Not ""Graphicly Impressive"" but the way the game is presented is amazing.)Sound effects and music fit, same devs as Don't Starve.Overwelmingly difficult, but it makes the game that much more fun."
,Recommended,243970,15858169,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,TheBagdad,Great game!!
,Recommended,243970,13685421,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Peridot,"(I typed this at 6 am, sorry)I absolutely recommend this game to anyone who is looking to try something different, or has played previous Klei games and is willing to give this early access game a shot.It is amazing, and it hooks a person in really easily, even if you're not the one behind the wheel. My 595 hrs on record speaks for itself!It's great for tactical stealth lovers, and strategy is key, otherwise, your missions won't end well! I've had plenty to end horribly.This is a great game, and I recommend everyone to play it, even if this type of game ain't up your alley."
,Recommended,243970,15852591,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Ebenezer,"Great game, I highly recommend buying it"
,Recommended,243970,17433145,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,ShelbyTheT,this is a amazing game based off stratgy and skill i would play this if you like point and click stratgy or stealth games i would rate 10/10
,Recommended,243970,17437383,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,peritoneal pleb,Great game. Is quite hard and has infinite replayability
,Recommended,243970,15824420,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Samork,Brilliant!
,Recommended,243970,15863528,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Roflcakes Internet,at first glance this game looks simple and easy as hell since stealth games are usually pretty easyTurn Based + Stealth the most patient games ever. simple right ? WRONG !while the game is very much easy at first glance not being able to pick up on its mechanics and to use your turns as efficiently as humanly possible will put you at a disadvantage in the game REAL fast no matter your difficultyanother example of this would be that you need to pick and choose what items you should bring along with you whether it should be a microchip or an extra gun to help out and there are also penalties for hacking certain virus infected consoles which 100% of the time the benefits the terminal will be undermined by the penalties for falling for its trapoverall its great game very thought provoking and requires you make the most out of everything you can use
,Recommended,243970,12574958,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,m0s,"A turn-based stealth game, Invisble Inc. excels at both. Set in a not distant future, you have to infiltrate various procedurally generated facilities for different goals (5 different goals IIRC). One of the novelties is Incognita, your AI that can hack cameras and other security devices, as well as provide some distraction for the guards. You only start with 2 agents then you can upgrade them, free others, upgrade Incognita, etc... But Invisible Inc. is not for everybody: the game is very hard (even with the ""door exploit""). There's no go back (game saves automatically for you) and every little stupid mistake on your own can mean having to start over, which is sometimes frustrating (OMG I left that door open, ZOMG I calculated the guard trajectory the wrong way, crap this agent was selected, I thought it was the other one, etc...). There's not even an undo button for your moves, so plan carefully. But it is also where the magic of this game resides: the tension of stealth + not allowing mistakes is a good combination if you're not easily frustrated. On the other hand if you have no patience, just skip it or you will end breaking your fancy hardware.EDIT: Devs introduced a new ""Easy mode"" that is welcome for the frustrated masses :D"
76561198030781084,Recommended,243970,13454071,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Infoteq,I am really enjoying this game and look forward to future updates.
,Recommended,243970,15822792,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Shortfri,"Interesting indie game, challenging, and fun! 10/10"
76561197975156012,Recommended,243970,15880116,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Taborask,"Awesome game, highly recommended for anyone who's into XCOM and or Shadowrun: Returns style turn-based strategy"
76561198066107123,Recommended,243970,14245992,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,mimounitron,frustration simulator 2015
76561198005748025,Recommended,243970,15889261,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,portalite,"Q: Why do cybernetically enhanced hackers love tactical espionage games?A: Because they're always on the grid!Invisible, Inc. is a revolutionary isometric roguelike stealth game set in a cyberpunk future. The seamless blending of the different sources of tension in these two inspirations (the threat of discovery and permanent death) gives the kind of perpetual thrill one would more expect from a movie theatre seat.It pulls several punches that one would expect a roguelike game to follow through on, though. The beginner setting is something of a joke, and while the game gives you an almost infinite array of options to tweak difficulty to your exact liking, a few of the elements that make the game fundamentally less arbitrary than a ""true"" roguelike cannot be changed. There is no such thing as instant death; being caught in the open or making a mistake is more like being placed in check when playing chess. It is an immediate imperative that demands a response, narrows your options and drives you closer to checkmate, but is ultimately fully reversible if you're lucky and clever. More importantly, perhaps, is that upon arriving at the final mission, you are given enough tools to complete it. Not the best tools, but adequate ones. Furthermore the final mission isn't really that much harder than a regular mission, even before the sudden disposeability of your agents is taken into account. I only enjoy fairly casual games in this genre, so it's mostly a plus for me, but you will have to judge for yourself if it sounds like what you're looking for.All that, combined with its beautiful graphical flare and charming execution mean that I recommend Invisible, Inc. as an excellent choice for fans of cyberpunk and people who want to try out the roguelike genre, and as a temporary diversion to long-time veterans."
76561198019597873,Recommended,243970,15819911,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,crassadon,"Everything I want this game to be. Tactical stealth. Difficult. Good animations. It's fun to play, too.As well, they'll be adding new things to this game. Sounds like a lot of fun to be had!"
76561198019269989,Recommended,243970,15849080,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Mavinator5,"#Note: Currently haven't played since the most recent additions, last time played was pre-release. I'll update this review once I replay it with all the new features.Pros:-It's well made-It's still being improved-It has a fair amount of replayability-It's hard enough to feel like a challenge, and has different difficulty levels-Turn based stealth game (find me another good one, I'd love to try it)-Several characters, and multiple unlocks, makes it feel like there is a reason to keep going while not making you feel like you're grinding for upgradesCons:-Still needs a little work (personal opinion)-Could stand a few more features to make it more interesting during replays of the gameI enjoyed it, I think it was 20$ well spent. I'll be adding in more hours, I'm sure"
,Recommended,243970,31283249,Posted: 21 April,all,Dwight Schrute,Klei is one of the best video game developer team.
,Recommended,243970,15891716,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Coda,"Another marvelous showing from Klei, Invisible Inc. delivers on everything that makes roguelites/likes great. Its challenging, tense, and always encourages players to think outside the box and address problems in interesting ways. As normal for the studio, not only do they offer rocksolid mechanics, but also deliver incredibly in sound, music, theme, and mood. While this game is undoubtedly a roguelike (which 9 times out of 10 means a light story), the characters' banter and the overall vibe of the game really makes me wish there was more there.For the player that aren't fans of the tense gameplay, the options are versatile enough to allow lots of tweaks to suit your playstyle. For example, many negative reviews highlight that you aren't allowed to 'take your time', because every stage grows more dangerous the longer you stay there. However, you can turn off the creeping alarm completely so you can take your time. You can also make disabling guards last longer, allow yourself to find more money, or even decrease the number of guards per stage. Inversely, you can go full on masochist Iron Man, and remove the option to rewind turns, the ability to abort missions, and enforce a real time Time Attack that ends the turn if you take too long making decisions.To be honest, I was hesitant when I first read up on the game some years ago. I never thought turned-based and stealth could work together, but Klei married them together beautifully. As a design junkie, it was a joy to follow this game through early access, seeing how tiny changes completely shifts the gameplay with each update. As mentioned, the story does suffer, and comes to a VERY abrupt end (perhaps a higher difficulty allows you to go further? I don't know). However, if Don't Starve is anything to go by, we'll see more content before long, and I honestly can't wait."
,Recommended,243970,17418855,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,girls notice me,It's a good game like stealth mode activated for most people who wants stealth games.
,Recommended,243970,15811802,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Grandon,"Just bought it, because it's from Klei Entertainment without any expectations and I did not regret it so far.This game deserves a 10/10 !"
,Recommended,243970,15814866,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Solacefire,"Been playing this since Alpha, it's only gotten better!"
,Recommended,243970,15816206,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Alucardx03,https://youtu.be/nnNQJNTJqYA
76561197960454691,Recommended,243970,15816587,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,[Lord] Vader,XCOM meets Deus Ex.
,Recommended,243970,15885684,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Black Dow,"Only played the game for a few hours but it's already a firm favourite. The hide and ambush mechanic works really well, and so far the game hasn't generated any unfairly difficult levels.  The art is superb, really enjoyable to look at and I'm enjoying the character and bits of back story that the game is working in. The music direction, although not the music itself, is a bit poor and there are some jarring changes in the score, plus a couple of patchy voice acting moments.  That's really the only bad thing I can say about it, and it's not even that bad.  Definitely worth a buy if you like turn based strategy games, especially if you're into sci fi, cyberpunk etc."
,Recommended,243970,12358311,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,ExiliumA.,"In the current state this game is very enjoyable. Excited to see, where development will lead to!Can strongly recommend this game if you enjoy turn based stealth games!"
76561198152815154,Recommended,243970,26754485,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Mr_Moose,"One of the best games I've ever played, certainly in my top 5. It's the only turn-based stealth game in exsistance, and manages to combine the best of X-com and FTL. It's choice of cyber-punk as theme works suprisingly well, and meshes well with the games mechanics of hacking and sneaking around were you aren't welcome.In terms of gameplay, Klei nails the stealth aspect. The line-of-sight mechanic is amazing, the guards have areas that immedtaely put you into danger, and parts near the edge of their sight that only put them guard and make them go off their patrol. There was actaully an article on it in RPS. This combined with the fact that you can ""hear"" guards footprints with little visual bubbles means that you almost always know were guards are at most times. The challenge lies in that the game gives you limited points for action, peaking, hacking, and stealing every turn. Afer you use them up, the guards move around and the difficulty timer goes up. Are you sure that guard was going the other way? If you check, you won't be able to crack that last safe before the difficulty increases and they all get locks. Invisible Inc never punishes you without cause, you can usually trail back your losses to multiple bad descisions. You rarely get hit over the head with RNG like some other games do. Randomized rooms and endless campain mode mean you can play this game basicly forever.My only complaint is that on the easy difficulties, the guard's AI is really, really bad; start on intermedeate at least. That and the fact that you can sometimes unrealisticly juke your way out of danger by exploiting the guard's lines of sight. And as a warning, the campain's ending is really pretty anti-climatic. Other than that, this is game all rouge-like fans need to own. It won't dissapoint."
,Recommended,243970,15976048,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Kastor,"There are very few games where it is fun to lose. Invisible Inc does so wonderfully, and it makes every success all the more sweet.10/10"
,Recommended,243970,14955924,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Grsn,"This game is a lot of fun, even if you are as bad at it as I am!"
,Recommended,243970,30080905,Posted: 21 February,all,friendpatine,"One of the best stealth x strategy games I have ever played. Has great replayability, since the campaigns can be customized in a multitude of ways, there are a lot of different agents to choose from, and the levels are all procedurally generated."
,Recommended,243970,30383195,Posted: 7 March,all,Hoja Lateralus,"I like this game very much, although it started to be a bit boring and monotonnous after 60ish hours of play, having almost beaten Endless Mode. So yeah, if this is my biggest criticism for the game you can be pretty safe it's good ;)"
,Recommended,243970,30290692,Posted: 2 March,all,valfalaga,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dvPcX_70BCgI really liked invisible inc. and will definitely have a few more playthroughs on the harder difficulty settings. the art style and challenging game play is what kept me invested.
76561198019655996,Recommended,243970,30431019,Posted: 10 March,all,てモしモM口HくH口S,"love it.stealthy and techyvery good soundtrackdifferent difficulties (easy to very very hard)different unique charactersreplayable several times, because of random level building and random mission and character spawnsgood dlc as well"
,Recommended,243970,17439910,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Cobalt,"I was skeptical going in, but damn I'm seriously enjoying it."
76561198052471232,Recommended,243970,31611954,Posted: 7 May,all,brutaldeluxe09,Very addictive! I would highly reccomend adding the Contingency Plan DLC as it doubles the length of the campaign and adds more personel and items.
76561198172475191,Recommended,243970,26162899,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,dramaticpause92,"There are few games that hit a sweet spot with me like this one has.  If someone had told me that there was a game out there that merged two of my favorite genres (Stealth and Turn-based strategy) together flawlessly I'm pretty sure I wouldn't have believed them.  Invisible Inc. has done just that.  The story is smart (albiet short), the game mechanics are crisp and tight, and the level of difficulty is challenging but never unfair (if you get wiped out 99% of the time it's your fault).  The procedural map making is extremely well done.  The only minor gripe I can think of would involve the in-map decor (if you travel to New York, Rome, Tokyo, whatever, the office buildings all sort of look the same).  The missions are short but sweet, I personally play turn-based games at the speed of paint drying, agonizing over every move, but each mission still only takes me about a half hour to 45 minutes.  The voice acting is high quality, the spy gadgets are intriguing and effective, and the rather short campaign should get old for as much as i've played it but for some reason always draws me back in.  Very few Indie games make it into my personal Hall of Fame but this one is a no-doubter!"
,Recommended,243970,15852701,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,mangobrain,"A turn-based stealth roguelike. As a fan of turn-based games, stealth games and roguelikes, this was an immediate impulse buy, and I am not disappointed. I haven't played much yet, but look forward to it!"
,Recommended,243970,15837318,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Jedi Toothpaste,"A lot of changes have happened since early access when I got it, these changes have changed the game drastically, I highly recommend checking it out. This game is heavily reliant on your quick thinking, on your first playthrough you will be using rewinds (Rewinds let you re-take a turn these are limited though.) But when you master the game you'll be flying through the levels. This is a really fun game and worth the £15 it costs (Unless it has changed.)"
,Recommended,243970,21924737,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Rossi1911,"Player: ""I want a turn based strategy games like XCOM combined with a stealth game like Metal Gear Solid. I also love hacking stuffs, can you add that too?""Klei: ""Say no more."""
76561197972836426,Recommended,243970,15908709,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,IrishJim,Don't miss out on this turn based masterpiece. An absolute gem of a game.
76561197990181538,Recommended,243970,17354832,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,pony68gto,good game if you like x-com series
76561197993060918,Recommended,243970,17418308,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Aquinas,7.5/10
76561198004730679,Recommended,243970,17388621,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Tirao,Thumbs up
,Recommended,243970,17303941,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,GiveMeAllYourCats,it's a ♥♥♥♥ing great game
,Recommended,243970,15832514,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Groove Patrol Officer Scooter,Amazing strategy game with lots of replayability.10/10 would play again! (And again)
76561197960679813,Recommended,243970,15844462,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Spectator6,"A bit of XCOM, a dash of rogue-like, a few heapings of strategy... Invinsible Inc has all the ingredients of an excellent single-player game!  The attention to detail in the artwork, animations, sounds, and voiceovers is top-notch!  Way to go Klei, you've made yet another formidable game!UPDATE: The game does seem pretty short, at least in the traditional sense.  But I think the purpose of the game is to be a short concentrated effort that quickly ramps up to a grand finale.  It's something that forces the player to consider his approach and to try out new styles in subsequent playthroughs."
76561198107154420,Recommended,243970,21020232,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Alan_Gord,"Invisible, Inc. is a procedural turn-based stealth game where you control an elite group of spies, infiltrating into corporate locations for information and financial gain.LIKES-unique blend of genres: roquelike+stealth+turn-base tactics-artstyle: noir meets cyberpunk-difficulty: even on beginner you must plan carefully and watch your time or you'll be screwed-agent's customization: wide range of weapons, gadgets and programms to exuip your spies-replayability: procedural generated maps with different types of enemies, hazards and mission objectives provide unique and entertaining experience each time you playDISLIKES-sometimes map layots could be really frustraitingVERDICT:Must have for the fans of stealth and turn-based tactics genres."
76561197983467844,Recommended,243970,26756197,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Xlee,x-com/rogue with stealth
,Recommended,243970,17440570,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,seeq,One of the best turn-based games I have played since Frozen Synapse. Well worth the time and money to play.
,Recommended,243970,17031412,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Sepherim,"No se puede decir a menudo que en videojuegos se ha inventado un género nuevo, pero ciertamente es lo que ha ocurrido con Invisible Inc. Es cierto que los juegos de sigilo ya existían anteriormente, y la estrategia por turnos también, sin embargo nunca se habían fusionado y, en este caso, lo han hecho con mucho éxito. Quizá el sigilo es un poco light y la estrategia por turnos también, pero es la toma de contacto con un género nuevo y es inevitable que en sus comienzos sea un tanto rudimentario. Pero el resultado funciona muy bien en su conjunto, creando misiones donde la tensión se palpa en el aire y donde el tiempo (paradójicamente) es un elemento fundamental.Gráficamente, el juego no está mal aunque no es impresionante y el que los mapas se generen aleatoriamente hace que, en muchas ocasiones, los entornos den la sensación de repetirse un poco. A nivel sonoro las voces están bien y la música cumple, pero tampoco es el aspecto principal del juego.El resultado es que no se trata de un juego insuperable, pero si un comienzo muy prometedor para un nuevo género y la innovación, a esa escala, es doblemente valiosa. Un 8."
,Not Recommended,243970,11852807,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Medieval Nerd,"Completely forgot to update this review as soon as I figured out that the stealth element was pressed agaisnt a limited number of turn nonsense.Think you'll be hiding around corners and observing patrol patterns to figure out when to slip past the guards. Oh no you won't, beaucse time is running out! EAch level has a limited number of turns before a full blown alarm is blown.The lore states that although you managed to get in undetected, the secuirty system eventually discovers there is an intruder.This completely ruined the experience for me, in all tactics turn based games, I like taking my time, with leap frog tactics and a lot of observation. This games potential to make this a possibilty was switched to time constraints. Really wish they'd have used another mechanic to create pressure. It feels artificial for me and doesn't encompass what a stealth game means to me.Almost feels more like a puzzle turned based action game. Just wanted to have at least to update my review, as what I was expected never happened and what it was done instead is a complete turn off for me.If you are like me, stay away. Not for you."
,Recommended,243970,11813495,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Decept404,"Very cool little game. Super tense but interesting. Netrunner meets xcom meets thief meets transistor..? Really enjoying it so far, though it's punishing, and a little thin on content. Early access and all."
,Recommended,243970,15812028,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Kamakazie,It's really quite good.  Plays like an X-Com Roguelike with a focus on stealth instead of shooting.
,Recommended,243970,16749215,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Libertygeek,"Great game, it has been a while since I played the campaign.  Took me about 10 hours to complete first play through and it was a blast.  I highly recommend for turn based fans."
,Recommended,243970,23637086,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,JeBear,"It's unforgiving. It's frustrating. This is an awesome game.The learning curve is steep. You get thrown from the tutorial into the game and then you fail miserably.So you try again, without the tutorial this time (Because you know what to do now)...And you fail miserably again...But here's the thing. you won't always fail.And when you don't, you'll beat the game and start over... Either in higher difficulty or with different agents.And then, guess, what?You start failing miserably all over again :D"
,Recommended,243970,26478459,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,eeer e,"XCom: Sneaky Beaky edition. Good stealth gameplay that forces a balance of sneaking and knocking people out, as opposed to hit guard, put guard in closet, repeat. Campaign is pretty similar to XComs albeit a little less plot heavy and a little more compact. This combined with the numerous campaign modes, such as endless, make the game pretty replayable."
,Recommended,243970,17243721,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Jacobella,While it's a bit lacking in content it's already incredible as it is and future content will probably add to that.Glad I bought it. Three Thumbs Up!
76561198023188755,Recommended,243970,30434519,Posted: 10 March,all,riverfront20,It's a great turn-based stealth game.  Think Xcom for spies.
,Not Recommended,243970,26312237,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,dreizehnX,ProsGreat designCool soundtrackInteresting LevelsInteresting upgradesConsVERY shortnearly no storyIt was fun to play through the game but the shortness (and therefore no really story development) was a huge disappointment.The length of the game is less than half of what I expect for a game like this. If you play this on a weekend you are through the game in less than a day.If this game is on sale and you're interested you should try it - but according to its length I don't think it is worth its full price.
76561197994947968,Not Recommended,243970,26723184,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,AngryGermanGeneral,"I read a lot of reviews here, positive and negative and I can agree with both sides. The game is awesome, no flaws in engine or whatnot. But being punished for biding your time to see what options you have? That sucks.You wait - you get punished.You take action - you get punishedYou scout a room and a random guard walks in, well buddy that's it for you.Yes I played on beginner. I am normally fairly good at stealth games but this one...I dunno. If I wanted to play the stealth version of Dark Souls I would have done so."
,Recommended,243970,15856698,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Shell_,"10/10 Must own.This game....Makes you think,Makes you plan,Makes you kill,Makes you steal,And then,BETRAYS YOU.Deletion, Complete."
,Not Recommended,243970,23408500,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Merlin the Tuna,"Invisible, Inc. manages the rare achievement of combining two wildly disparate genres - stealth and turn-based tactics - and somehow managing to feel totally mundane. There's not really anything wrong with it, but as an experiment it seems like a failed one, and even when it works it almost feels like the sequel to a more interesting game.I realize that reviewing the plot of a roguelike isat besta questionable activity, but it's worth bringing up here. The game opens by quickly establishing a fascinating world of cyberpunk duplicity, then immediately blows it up to pit you against a monolithic alliance of evil. Then, after you beat the game, the victory cutscene reveals that whoops it turns out you got totally owned. You're then whisked back to the main menu and asked if you'd like to play - and therefore get totally owned - again. The premise isn'twrong, but it's certainly wonky.The gameplay is of course the meat of things, but it similarly smells of missed opportunity. You play as the operator of an experienced espionage organization, yet every mission involves stumbling blindly into unknown office buildings in search of unknown objectives, where even flawless victory might net you nothing of value. The world is full of advanced technology for your operatives to hack, but you do so by establishing line of sight. This makes less than zero sense, which isn't a dealbreaker on its own. But crucially, this funnels the dimension of technology into plain old meatspace. You're not exploring a level to gain access to Network A to gain access to Physical Area B to gain access to Network C and so on, you're just… walking around. It's so fundamentally bad at cyberpunk that I have to wonder why the game uses the trappings in the first place. And the actual sneaking follows suit, relying on age-old tropes of hiding behind boxes to avoid patrolling guards' vision cones, with unique agents who present a façade of individuality but nothing more.As a whole it's… fine. But the alluring premise is almost completely at odds with the gameplay, to the point that it'd work better with an old-timey detective theme than the futuristic cyberpunk one it sports. And the turn-based nature gives the stealth gameplay extra precision, but it doesn't do anything truly new to set it apart from stealth games of the past unless you're really into procedurally generated cubicle farms. Bottom line, you're better off playingMark of the Ninja(from the same devs) orDishonoredto get your stealth kick."
76561197973332706,Not Recommended,243970,31496964,Posted: 1 May,all,BobbyLeeSwagger,"I rarely write reviews on Steam, and I really wanted to leave a good one for this game.Unfortunately, I can't bring myself to recommend it, after playing it for over 30 hours and beating it a few times. It's a game that is so close to being excellent, but falls just short, making it all the more disappointing.One of the key issues is that all upgrades throughout your run rely on the same currency. Credits are what you spend on items, upgrades to your hacking system, weapons, and character stats. For this reason, a typical playthrough will leave you short-changed in one area or more, even if you loot every safe in the level. For example: even if you net yourself 1500 credits (which is definitely well above average), that will maybe buy you an extra weapon, OR a hacking ability, OR a character implant, OR 1-2 stat upgrades. And remember, all characters have 4 stat categories to choose from, making it feel like you spent all that time and risked your life for very little. The game has a nasty habit overall of feeling stressful and unrewarding. You're very lucky to scrape by with your characters' lives when you clear an entire area, and you're not rewarded proportionally. There is no such thing as an overpowered run, which you might expect every few runs in a normal procedurally generated game.The second biggest issue for me are guard behavior and patrols. You'll learn quickly that the best way to succeed in Invisible Inc. is to not KO every guard you pass, even if its stealthily--rather you're better off circumventing them completely, as that is the only way to keep them in predictable patterns. This is much easier said than done however, as many generated levels will have a single long hallway, 3 tiles wide, as the only way to proceed to the goal or exit. These areas are nearly imposible to sneak through, especially with a squad of 3-5 characters. Even when guards are in their predictable patterns, they can still easily walk right into your characters before you even knew they existed on the level. It is not uncommon for a guard to walk right into your characters' starting room the second you end your first turn, putting you in a tight or even inescapable spot immediately. ""Playing it safe"" doesn't help in this sense; even if you stack up every door and peek it, a guard has enough AP to come from 2 rooms over straight into your room before you knew they were there.Where it gets unmanagable is when you alert guard(s) to your presence. If you are spotted (and there are many ways for your enemy to do so), you are put into overwatch where your character can move one tile into safety in order to survive. it's a crapshoot if you're in a position to escape these confrontations; many times all 8 possible tiles are watched by the enemy and will result in your death. Escaping these situations can be thrilling, but the fact is that the guard(s) that spotted you will be searching the map for the rest of the level. They will never go back to patrols. There is no way to predict where they will search next; as usual you cand spend an action point to observe their movement on the next turn but the place that they choose after finishing a search is entirely random and more often than not results in another character getting found or stuck in a corner. Later levels have guards that throw search grenades instead of walking directly to the area of interest, frequently putting a character into a neverending game of cat and mouse as your character can't get far enough away each turn to prevent their location being discovered.All of this would be fine if you could spend the time learning the game's mechanics, mastering them, and getting good at the game. This is true only to the slightest extent: you can learn how to play, how to hide, how to avoid confrontation and what skills, characters, and items are useful. But after mastering the game's mechanics, You'll learn that there is no way to master the RNG related to guard behavior and level generation. These problems are only exacerbated by your complete lack of items and currency to buy the things you need to succeed. You will never have enough items, weapons, or skills in a given playthrough. And this isn't a case of ""thinking carefully where you want to spend your credits"", as there are many builds that are completely unviable and many failed runs where you looted every source of credits imaginable.Overall this lead me to constant frustration with a game that is so nearly great. It has an excellent framework and excellent mechanics that are fun to learn and thrilling when they rarely come together in a sucessful run. Unfortunately it is too rare to rely on as a fun, rewarding, and replayable rogue-like. I could recommend this game only to people as a sort of extremely difficult game to beat once, like those tough as nails platformers or something similar. But if you're expecting a rogue-like that you can replay endlessly, you'll have to look elsewhere, as this game will only leave you frustrated, exhausted, and stressed--even when you win.Hope this helps you make a decision!"
,Recommended,243970,11809984,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Jim-Jam Bongs,just finished first rounddied horribly on first missionhighly recommend
76561198009690707,Recommended,243970,15885797,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,bobby point G,"Bravo a Klei ,excellent jeu de strategie !"
76561197995667908,Recommended,243970,15873635,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,"Shifty Capwn ""B Gata H Kei""",X-com and Acher. Stop reading this and play.
,Recommended,243970,28864264,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,K-,I love this game.
76561198070202457,Recommended,243970,11789643,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Satedan,"Turn based strategy games are always good fun and this game is no different, this game is the same as XCOM: Enemy Unknown in mechanics but the style is different with the fact that the game is a stealth based game.The game is said to not be at it's final product and many patches are going to be going down from the date of this review being written but at the moment it still works great and plays well.You are forced to think tactically in your movements with the game having no problem with punishing you for wrong movements, with the different type of enemies you can simply knock out every guard you come across which forces you to think about who you take down and who you leave alone and some other opponents can't be taken down at all.It is a great game and I recommend it to any fan of turn based strategy games."
,Recommended,243970,11789577,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Luceos,Very interesting early access. Isometric gameplay combined with a stealth way of playing makes it fun to start off with. Too bad sandbox mode is not yet available.
76561197970309850,Recommended,243970,22502031,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,billy,"Another very good game from Klei . What i like most about this game is the amount of options you have to tailor the game to your liking and to make it as challenging as you want. It's also a change from most of the turn based games as it's about stealth and avoiding trouble . It also has a really good risk/reward system that tempts you into trying a bit more than you can handle to get some more loot.Though an individual campaign might not be that long there is a lot of replayability through having a good selection of stuff to unlock that can change how you play and adds variety . The game is definetly designed to be played multiple times.I like games that make me think each turn what should i be doing and how to do it and also have the tension of knowing it could all go horribly wrong if you make a mistake. It can be a challenge and you can tweak it to make it as hard or easy as you like.Definetly worth buying if you think you might enjoy it , it does what it says on the tin."
,Recommended,243970,15820649,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Ziel,"Polished. Intense. Awesome. (Hey, just like this review!)Invisible Inc is well worth the price, featuring very tightly refined gameplay moments. It feels like XCOM meet FTL meet Mark of the Ninja (another great game by Klei).The only thing I could complain is the very light storyline, but it's a worthwhile tradeoff for its high replayability. That's why it's no accident that Invisible Inc made it into the Steam Top 10 Sales within hours of it being released.In short, Invisible Inc is highly recommended!"
76561198015531498,Recommended,243970,16622161,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Eriktion,solid stealth roguelike
,Recommended,243970,24032464,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Mr. BackLog,This is almost exactly what Metal Gear Ac!d should have been.  Only luck of the draw is in the level itself.  The rest is on you.
76561198000015901,Recommended,243970,23995706,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,andy86,"Klei have yet to put a foot wrong with me. Everyone of their games has felt full of character, atmosphere and designed with engaging mechanics.Invisible Inc is no different the aesthetics work brilliantly in the setting and it challenges you with smart game-play and tough decisions. It's small squad tactical game-play is highly engaging and balances it's stealth nature with the occasionally opportunity to unleash mayhem.You'll break into vaults, steal tech pro-types, engineer your agents escape from prisons and upgrade them with cyberware. It's a glorious stealth romp that sets a new bar for the genre."
76561198028110617,Recommended,243970,24000212,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,nnovich-OK,"I'm hard to impress, but this game is really outstanding. Interesting mechanics, definitely inspired by X-COM, nice world, perfect art and quite a challenging gameplay. I'm not a great fan of stealth games, but this one caught me.Game is kind of turn based rougue like stealth on autogenerated levels and it has its charm. I desperately love ""one shot to kill, no hit points"" way of thinking along with concept ""killing is costly and troublesome, keep guards anaware/unconscious"". You won't consider difficulty easy, game is challenging and thus interesting a lot.As for disadvantages, IMHO ""Invisible, Inc"" lacks replayability a bit. Once get used to world rules, beating whole story won't take long time. Changing starting agents and adjusting difficulty adds some variability, but not that much. Beating through the game couple of times may make game predictable and not that exciting."
76561197998567877,Recommended,243970,17132580,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Temple,Excellent title with some nice depth and replay-ability.
,Recommended,243970,15833366,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Onyrac,Very good and challenging tactical turn-based stealth game. Mechanics are simple to understand yet tricky to master. Some roguelike feel mixed in. Highly recommended.
76561197998828584,Recommended,243970,15824359,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,immotus,"Marvelous game.  Well executed, the back story pulls you right in.. great mechanics, quick to learn, fun... bravo!"
,Recommended,243970,15824183,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Tomyyc,Only played an hour so far. This game is already amazing.
76561198030764067,Recommended,243970,16808731,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Viperace,"100+ hours of fun, and more"
76561197990142171,Recommended,243970,11809338,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Aqua,Wow this is funWith more agents of difrent skills and specials..wow
,Recommended,243970,16102381,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Scalarius,"Story's quite simple, i would expect more dlc or future updates and see where does it bring the characters.Get caught in a sticky situation and you're kinda in hot soup for the rest of the mission. Even if one manages to salvage and escape, the missions will only get harder and harder.Rate is a 8/10 , due to my favoritism in the strategic genre. Taken 2 off because of the story, i wished there was more to this whole game."
,Recommended,243970,15849119,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,TKR101010,"If you enjoy turn based tactical games and the TV show, Archer, you will probably like this game."
,Recommended,243970,11833081,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,undef__,
76561197966051254,Recommended,243970,15131143,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,team_kyle,"Day 1: Found a 3rd AgentDay 4: Too scared, don't want to lose my 3 guys :Dcountless more new gamesDay 4: too scared to lose 2 guys this time lolcountless more new games and all fails..Wake up.. thats it! time to lose my two guys but try none the less.. then try with the 3 of them, let do this back to back day 4!Three turns in.. Deckhard's both suits been used (poorly i might add) and dies.. hmm well Internationale with your upgraded scanner i got you, lets least find the guy before you die too, so i strip what i could from Deckhard's body (i pray). now with my 3 tasers and 2 guns + scanner..And with lots of really bad running and tons of drones following me, everything cost too much to hack, plus why do every camera if those drones are there anyways.. So I ignore every safe, 1/2 the cameras get to level 5 alarm in no time, shooting and not caring about guards at all. Find the Elevator, great now were talking but wheres buddy at? Some how as all this is going on i reversed pick pocked my empty gun for a passcard (Tho i'm sure i taz the same guard before i used it anyways lol).. Hmm chuckle after looking at what i havn't explored.. only two places he could be 1 a worst death trap then what i have made for myself as it is and the other semi close to the elevator if the guards behave how i want... found him!! die with my rewind in tack and managed to fix my mistake to win.. sorta (rewind) first try!gonna try endless before i risk the other save file of 3 agents...10/10 it's your own fault when something goes wrong there should always be enough turns and distractions in your favor"
,Recommended,243970,15334708,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Usagi,"At this time, the game isnt even done yet. And it's still wonderful!This is one of the better roguelike games out there, and with the turned based spy/stealth theme I can't help but to love it."
76561198007001853,Recommended,243970,15821693,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Dictator Gandhi,"Absolutely terrific game, takes all the best elements of roguelikes and stealth games and mashes them together into an addictive, challenging and supremely fun experience.With a massive array of custom game options and procedurally generated missions, the game lasts far longer than just one playthrough, and produces hundreds of intense, nail biting moments.The difficulty curve is steep, and the game punishes you for every error, but there's plenty of space to learn and it's not a big deal to start a new game and learn from your mistakes.Overall, wouldbang/10"
76561198050719766,Recommended,243970,15266961,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Jimmy,"Amazing game,Really good, All they need now is more agents and probably gadgets! But those 2 things do not stop me saying u should almost certainly get this amazing game,what I love about A game is stealing,sneaking,killing or knocking dudes out and gettin new weaponery and this game has all of that to offer!"
76561197960276344,Recommended,243970,28398274,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Saint Just,AI is dangerous. We must stop it.
76561198243861254,Recommended,243970,27281460,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Willy,its cool and all but i wish it was multiplayer...
76561197970309305,Recommended,243970,15820696,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Jimmus,"Great game! Artwork and style is sharp and attractive. Highly-customizable difficulty settings allow you to play the game super-easy, super-hard, or anywhere in-between."
,Recommended,243970,15891946,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Spear Deer,"One of the best games I've played in years. I've been playing roguelikes (real roguelikes like DCSS, Rogue, DoomRL) for years now, and I can safely say as a vet of the genre that this game is a genuine roguelike. Random generation, satisfying character progression, and filled with systems that are both entirely fair and brutally unforgiving.Perhaps one of this game's strengths is that it is such a beautifully crafted roguelike but at the same time it has a suite of options to help introduce the game to a less masochistic playerbase. Rewinds, tweakable campaign settings, and the beginner difficulty all mean that you can play this game at whatever level of involvement you want. I will say that you shouldn't buy/play this expecting a deep campaign. Its charming and engaging, but its just a frame with which to present these beautiful systems, and assuming you know what you're doing you can finish one successful run of the game in 3-5 hours.Easily a 10/10Already looking forward to the DLC."
76561197983327533,Recommended,243970,11785807,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Kevlar,"First impression - Awesome. The Shadowrun Returns game could have learned a thing of two from this game. It's intense. And hard, omg it's hard. Don't give up though, beating a level is very rewarding! If you like Xcom, SR Returns, and all the other old school turn based action games, this is for you!"
,Recommended,243970,16586625,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Subject Infinite,"Invisible Inc. is an intense turn based tactical espionage game which really requires you to think ahead. Try to remain undetcted, hack your way through corporations in order to steal cash, valuable items or rescue spies. Brilliant turn based game with less emphasis on combat, though it can be used to great effect. A real challenge, with countless ways to approach levels. You never play the same area twice as it generates new levels and enemies if you restart/retry so you;re always innovating new strategies,I Love the art direction, has some nice audio, really enjoyed the innovative gameplay.  Having different characters on your team each with strengths and weaknesses influences tactical play. Voice acting for main characters is very good.Overall, the premise of the story is good. It sets the scene well and the gameplay makes sense within the game world. The Storyline was ok/good but not it's strong suit - and I'm a sucker for a good story. I will return to play on higher difficulties. An addictive challenge. Great replayability, beating the game on one round unlocks characters and abilities to take on the game at higher difficulties and try new strategies. No two playthroughs are the same."
76561198033602078,Recommended,243970,16049729,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Citronvand,"A great tactical turn-based stealth game.Invisible Inc is kind of like XCOM, if XCOM was based around stealth and not combat. You start the game by selecting 2 agents and then you have 72 hours to prepare for the final mission. You see a map where you can choose the type of mission you want, for example, if you want cybernetics, credits, items e.t.c. Each mission takes a different amount of time depending on how far away it is, but there's a max cap of 12 hours. For each day that passes all the missions gets harder.If you die, or win, you will get points and unlock new agents and softwares. Note that each agent has its own backstory, skills and starting equipment.Anyway, once you start a mission, a level is randomly generated. Therefore you need to explore carefully since you don't know where everything is. Normally you're looking for the exit and the objective. This while evading guards, robots, cameras and other fun stuff. There are also objects you can interact with throughout the level, such as safes that contain money, consoles you can hack for power, a resource used by your AI, Nano-fabricatos which are basically shops where you can buy stuff and other things.Each turn you spend in a level increase the alarm meter by 1, for every 5 the alarm level goes up by 1 to a maximum of 6. It can also go up from other thing such as you're spotted by a camera or guard or you kill a guard without disabling his heart monitor. For every alarm level something bad happens. A new guard might spawn, firewalls get stronger, they detect one of your agents. None of these are random though, you know what will happen before hand. In fact, there is very little RNG in terms of game mechanics. For example if you attack a enemy you will always succeed, there is no random factor involved. This makes the game very tactical and less based on luck which is a good thing.Unlike other stealth games Invisible Inc has a big focus on staying undetected, by that I mean you don't even want to knock out a guard. Because when he wakes up he is not going to return to his patrol, moving from A to B and B to A, instead he is going to actively search for you in the entire level.I should also mention the game has several different difficulty modes and also a custom mode where you can select anything from the amount of rooms in a level to disabling the alarm meter going up by itself every turn. There's also a endless mode that doesn't have a 72 hour time-limit and a final mission.As for the game length it has taken me about 18 hours to beat the game on Beginner, Experienced and Expert Ironman. But I didn't lose once for those playthroughs so you should take that into account as well. Don't expect to rush through it like I did, the game is not easy and I had a lot of practice with old-school Roguelikes. Even if I've beaten it thrice I still continue to play it, this time with the endless mode and 2 agents I haven't tried yet.The game is really meant to be played over and over.The final verdict is a 5/5. That does not mean it is perfect, no game is perfect, but it doesn't have any glaring flaws and the mechanics is well thought out. Get this if you enjoy turn-based tactical games and you like analyzing/thinking."
76561197993925872,Recommended,243970,15885767,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Blindes Huhn,"This game has the typical ""just one more mission"" kind of feel all good games have. You sit there playing map after map and suddenly it's 3 am. Rewarding tactical challenges and lots of interesting stuff to play around with like different agents, equipment and hacking programs.The campaign story is relatively short (1 play through ~6-8 hours), but well done and it fits into the game world seamlessly. You can get many more hours of game play though with the different modes and settings."
76561198229128328,Recommended,243970,15884908,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,tomsloanuk,so addictive always one more mission
76561198012247528,Recommended,243970,15880968,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,BeanTown,"I love everything about Invisible Inc!  The cyberpunk aesthetic is right up my alley, and I'm finding the gameplay to be very fun and challenging.  The art style and voice acting are all top notch.  I'm excited to check out the harder difficulties and unlock more agents!This game really reminds me of XCOM: Enemy Unknown mechanically (tactical turn-based, squad members with different load-outs and attributes, a leveling system, strategic choices between missions, etc); so if you liked that, you might want to check this out."
76561198030860615,Recommended,243970,13134656,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,drimmalor,Fun strategy game for those that want a challenge.
,Recommended,243970,13570598,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,IndustrialSynthFreak,"Very nice tactical/stealth game with permadeath and hardcore mission generator. Played through a couple of missions, and I can tell, it wasn't easy  at all :-) In terms of gameplay, it feels like a remake of the ""Shadow Watch"" (that wasn't so cool imo), but with much better and deeper in-game mechanics combined with an attractive cyberpunk-ish setting.In other words: if you like hardcore tactics, get it as fast as you can."
,Recommended,243970,15838745,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Gilandir,"If you like stealth, interesting characters with an interesting backstory, awesome voice acting and music, stratigic and tense in games the you must buy this game I don't like turn based games but I LOVE this game. I thought no game could match mark of the ninja in the the things I mentioned above but this is as good as mark of the ninja if not better."
,Recommended,243970,15854746,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Daeja,"Absolutely a ton of fun! I love everything about how this game plays - turn-based stealth strategy, with a lot of variability on difficulty. It can be frustrating and hilarious and I cheer every time I work my way out of a tight corner.I hope there's a plan to develop additional content - I'm satisfied with what's here, but I'd be happy to pick up another story line, more mission types and so on. So basically... I love it and I want more!"
,Recommended,243970,15845583,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Ajundra,Mark of the Ninja and XCOM in one package. Brilliant! <3
,Recommended,243970,15834671,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Ȃndromeda,"As someone who is not a fan of stealth games, this one has me questioning that. Great mix of stealth and strategy."
,Recommended,243970,15845250,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,RETro,"Sharing a game structure with X-Com, this smart, turn-based strategy game is an absolute delight. The game is part rogue-like with about an 8-10 hour campaign, but the replayability is high and encouraged. After you finish a campaign, you unlock agents and AI hacking abilities that fundamentally change the way you approach missions.The game has some interesting mechanics that I'd like to discuss. FIrst, the hacking mechanic isn't like any game I've played before. It's a resource game, as you have limited power and have to accumulate it over time and draining it from consoles in the mission using your agents. Your AI can use the power to utilize her abilities, which neutralize firewalls and takeover devices, such as security cameras, turrets, corporate safes, power supplies to security measures or computers that control prison cells doors. It's just as important to the game mechanics as the stealth, although the stealth is probably the most intriguing part of the game.Unlike most first and third person games that utilize stealth, Invisible, Inc. doesn't fall apart once stealth is broken. Agents investigate open doors, or aim their weapons at detected agents. You have one extra round to respond, whether that is to duck behind cover, take out the security guard guard with a gun, or stun the guard with the agent you have hidden behind him. Guards who detect abnormalities don't go back to their routine. They investigate the entire facility. Alarms aren't an On/Off switches. It's a constantly rising status that brings with it penalties every time its status is upgraded a level. It may raise the firewall level of protected devices, add extra guards to the level, or generally cause havoc, such as resetting cameras, but it's not a 'they know where you are' button like most games inflict upon you. No matter what happens, you can always recover, or at least evacuate whatever agents you have left. On easier difficulties, you can rewind the mission on critical errors, giving yourself an extra turn to react. It's a great beginner's tool, but later it becomes more fun to just roll with it.I played through the campaign with no restarts and truly enjoyed my time. I plan to play through again to see more of the agents. I only used 4 in my first playthrough as that's all that's needed to fill out your roll call, but there are many more. I started with two and now have 4 to play on my second playthrough. I look forward to seeing what I unlock next.If you like stealth or turn-based strategies, this game might just be right for you."
,Recommended,243970,15854747,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,CptnProton,If you like squad scale turn based strategy games you really should get this.
76561198010393053,Recommended,243970,15849191,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,koz,this game is sweet.  tons of strategy and a variety of unlocks.  you feel the stress as the alarm level rises!
76561197988445850,Recommended,243970,15850116,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Akulio,Mark of Ninja was the best side scroller stealth i've ever played and this one is the best top-down. Please devs. continue doing this.
,Recommended,243970,15837765,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,TALAGAAAAAA??????,"The campaign is extremely short, and the game is not particularly difficult below expert. Expert endless runs is where the game shines, and boy does it shine :D"
76561198072284660,Recommended,243970,15853098,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Revan,This is a masterfully crafted game. Every piece of it fits together with every other piece. A true gem of a game.
76561197994203916,Recommended,243970,15847514,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,|mTF²|Darthaus,Very good game. Considering it's a rougelike it has a pretty intriguing story. Lots of customizability for endless replayability.
76561197966573552,Recommended,243970,15848445,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Spock RC,Surprisingly awesome.  Just like Mark of the Ninja surprised me.
76561197991986059,Recommended,243970,15848504,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Shaquille O'Wheel,A fantastic game that I can't stop playing.
,Recommended,243970,15844423,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Tedion,"As someone who normally doesn't like turn-based games, Invisible Inc. is amazing. It manages to keep a tense atmosphere while keeping traditional turn-based style."
,Recommended,243970,13567909,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,chicogrande,"If you are a fan of calculated puzzle solving with a little stealth gameplay sprinkled in, then Inivisible, Inc. is for you. I picked it up because I enjoy the X-COM style turn-based decision making, coupled with great art style from Klei, this is shaping up well. It's a challenging game; even on easy it can be unforgiving. All too often I find my agents essentially too far afield and unable to navigate the room maze back to the elevator. The challenge is what makes this game the most rewarding for me.  Looking forward to seeing the final product."
,Recommended,243970,15863275,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Mobgoblin,"I like any game that's about screwing people over, and any game that's about screwing me over.This game is about screwing me over while I try to screw people over.9/10."
,Recommended,243970,18937343,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,staf°,Incredible game with infinite replayability.
76561198160392172,Recommended,243970,29998958,Posted: 17 February,all,henesua,"This game is great on replay value. Reminds of the great games of the 80's for that reason despite the fact that it is a fully modern game.I love that the story is not overly dominant, and that most of the game is about solving the puzzle of each mission. Turn based so if you need to pause and come back later its no big deal. I would prefer less of the story actually. Its nice having the alternate tasks and missions that come up within that arc, but all in all who cares about the story? Just give me more puzzles.I am also not very good at it which keeps me interested. I put it down for awhile then come back to it. Addictive. Played more of this game than I normally play anything and I still am not quite finished on the middle rating of difficulty. Expert or something with only one redo allowed.Perfect game. I'll probably still be dropping in on it after I've put in the same amount of time in which other games become tired or tedious. As much as I like and have played Civ. It gets tedious after awhile. And play is more obsessive than all fun. This one is always right on that edge. Solving the puzzle. Getting in hot water when agents are knocked down and the map is flooded with enforcers. And you just get more into it trying to see if you can still pull the mission off. I'll be looking forward to the next level of difficulty and losing game after game until I develop the skill to handle more difficult situations. Its all fun. And it is refreshing to lose for a change.Great game. I wish I had designed this."
76561198013262020,Recommended,243970,15845510,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Rilke,"Great mechanics with tons of replayability! Lots of customization options when it comes to difficulty as well. My favorite missions were the ones where I ran out of rewinds and managed to pull out a win with all agents alive despite having alarms going off everywhere and guards hunting me down. The adrenaline rush was unreal. If you like turn based strategy, stealth, spies and/or cyberpunk, definitely pick this up!"
,Recommended,243970,15974004,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,YuzAsef,Great little game.
76561198092466710,Recommended,243970,29729624,Posted: 5 February,all,Menaz2Societi,"Brilliant game. Very well balanced.  Well-polished. Good art, music, story, etc.  I'm amazed by the replayability.  If you like turn-based strategy games, you MUST play this game. Klei, please make a sequel or more DLC..."
,Recommended,243970,34488554,Posted: 25 August,all,ivymike,"Everything you could want in a turn based game.It can be extremely difficult at times, so be patient!Another Klei Classic."
76561198119063245,Recommended,243970,30177626,Posted: 25 February,all,baobaum612,"Wonderful game, polished as a crystal. Love Klei Entertainment."
76561198061584869,Recommended,243970,34300543,Posted: 16 August,all,Will527,"This game is punishing and rewarding to those who play it right. It balances a mix of risk with reward, and all of it can be prevented. This is probably one of the best strategy games on steam. I highly highly reccomend it."
76561197976832084,Recommended,243970,26433392,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Cal,"Invisible Inc. is a great game with a well-designed difficulty. The ""beginner"" difficulty, for instance, is not that easy ; it essentialy allows you to rewind five times in a game, in order to try to correct your mistakes. But the core mechanics remain the same and there's not much room for improvisation.You have to try this game if you like tactical games and stealth gameplay.Piece of advice though : you should buy the expansion, but I think that, before installing it, you better finish the original game once, with the beginner difficulty. The expansion adds indeed tools and agents that are a bit too helpful for the beginners."
,Not Recommended,243970,32871317,Posted: 27 June,all,tomtom2go,"I really love the music, graphics and overall style of this game.However, I can't recommend it, since it is just awfullyfrustrating. You play missions over and over again, just to get destroyed by the RNG in every imaginable way possible. Several times it isn't even worth the effort to crack open a safe once you found the exit because guards are just going to get in your way, leading to a mission failure."
,Recommended,243970,15853917,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Thorak,What an ingenious and captivating little gem. Worth every penny. Replay value over 9000.
,Recommended,243970,17417490,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Netrunner,Turnbased stressARGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
,Recommended,243970,13874714,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Dangerous Beans,"Like most Klei games, this isn't a groundbreakingly new concept, but it is an interesting twist on existing concepts, and it's already developed to the point of being 10x better than it's nearest competitor. Klei is the same company that brought us Don't Starve and Mark of the Ninja, so you really don't have to worry about the Early Access thing in this case. This is already a solid game, and it's continually being updated with new features and content.If it looks like something you'd be interested in, just grab it. You won't regret it."
76561198032323934,Recommended,243970,34946258,Posted: 14 September,all,Timbermaw,Fun and difficult game.
76561198154927447,Recommended,243970,20779995,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,eztrap,The first good turn based and/or topdown stealth game I've seen. Very fun.
,Recommended,243970,11928669,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,«(MooP)»,"Great turned based stealth game it is unforgiving when you make a mistake. Taking your time will force more guards to spawn in with it's alarm system every 5 turns increases the alarm level from 1 to the highest level of 6 at that level the maximum amount of guards have spawned in. Forcing you on each new heist to choose either taking what you can find right away and leaving before it gets too challenging, or exploring the whole map finding everything you can loot/use before heading out while you are very outnumbered and your chances of escaping are very slim, but can be done with pure tactical patience and strategy."
76561197977484071,Recommended,243970,25809991,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Severian,One of my favorite games of the past 3 years.  Exceptional.  Except for the stupidly designed last level of the campaign.
76561197970966562,Recommended,243970,15832155,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Bushid0g*,"Genius !Pure Tactical Turn Based Goodness with a good mix of XCOM and FTL, and Netrunner for the ""Hacking/Matrix"" Part. Plays like a roguelike, maybe a shorter version of an XCOM Campaign but the idea is quite similar. Very tense missions and strategic decisions make for a LOT of fun. Several game modes provides satisfying replayability. I like very, very much.Didn't take part in early access, bought it based on Klei's reputation which once again shines of original design and down to earth game loving, for a very reasonnable price.10/10"
76561198000385268,Recommended,243970,18071566,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,[LINUX]oldrocker99,"A superior TBS, emphasizing stealth. Similar to other TBS games, it has its own flavor and some swell ominous soundtrack. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,243970,15867586,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Uglzorp,"If you like turn-based strategy, stealth and cyberpunk, you will like this game. I had my doubts as to how stealth would work in a turn-based format but Klei did a great job. As with Mark of the Ninja, the game clearly conveys everything you need to know about the stealth mechanics. This removes any ambiguity or guesswork and lets you focus solely on planning your next move.That said, if you're expecting a story-driven experience or a lengthy campaign, you'll be disappointed. The story is sparse at best and entirely forgettable. Instead, Invisible, Inc. shares much in common with rogue-likes: short playthroughs with a focus on replayability, permadeath, procedurally-generated levels and random loot, The intended difficulty setting (Expert) is pretty challenging but the custom difficulty settings let you tailor the experience to your liking. Finishing a playthrough (whether by success or failure) earns you XP, which unlocks new characters and hacking abilities. This provides incentive to continue playing even after botched missions.All-in-all, another great game by Klei and definitely worth your time."
,Recommended,243970,16079667,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,VoiD,"This excelent game has procedually generated maps, random enemy placements and strangely, it does not depend on RNG, not even one bit, every defeat in this high difficulty game is 100% the player's fault and they all can be avoided through careful planing and wise decision making.This is quite a gem of it's genre."
76561198053592429,Recommended,243970,32018965,Posted: 28 May,all,EveryDaySuperHero,"I really liked the game, wish there is more DLC and more options in ""late game"".  Waiting for extentions addons or new version"
,Recommended,243970,16842988,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Valkyrax,Absolutly amazing game!
,Recommended,243970,16843710,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Vladimir Putin,Short but good
76561198019023654,Not Recommended,243970,17052794,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,CavityCommunion,"8 hours of play time. That's it. Sure you can replay the game with different difficulty, but why bother? Each play through is about six missions and the final one. For your first play through you're not even given an intro about how items work, you're not told you can't charge your weapons/items unless your on a mission. And the team consist of characters, instead of template squad members. that do not feel like your own, Pass on this, too little for 19.99."
,Recommended,243970,16845459,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Yoko the Joko,"Fantastic combination of XCOM: Enemy Within and FTL: Faster than Light.Squad-based tactics, procedurally generated missions, permadeath, items/upgrades, and insane replayability.If you enjoy rogue-like and turn-based strategy games, you're going to love this game.Currently trying to run through on Expert mode. Wish me luck!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I9mTtFIiQMc"
,Recommended,243970,16018352,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Blanjipan,"Invisible, Inc. can be summarized in a few words.Klei, you've done it again.It is amazing. Seriously, it's amazing. Hands down, one of my favorites next to Xcom and FTL.It has the vibe of both games. On the Xcom side, you have your stan- amazing turn-based strategy game, where one miss click can put you back at the start, and you can potentially lose some one every turn. You have to be super-considerate on where you position your agents, study the patrol patterns of guards, and make it out alive. But there's a twist. Every five turns the level gets a million times harder. On the FTL side, you have completely random, completely on the spot generated, every mission/area is different every time you play, with difficulties that make Xcom's classic mode look like a breeze. Invisible, Inc. has some beautiful art styles, like FTL, and great character development like Xcom, being able to make up your own stories for your agents. Although, you can't exactly customize he agent's anywhere near the level of depth of something such as Xcom, where you have over 9000 combinations. I do have a major problem with this game though: The story mode (not including Endless) is terribly short, making it hard to maximize your agents for the final mission, such as in Xcom or FTL. I wish as well you got more punishments for aborting missions instead of completing them, such as in the Detention center missions, if you abort without saving the Courier/MIA Agent, Central Scolds you, but there is no punishment. It would have been nice to see different story lines based on your actions, such as if you go into  every mission with Shalem 11 and Archive Decker, guns blazing, you get a more evil ending, or if you go in like a ghost, never getting caught, you get an ending fitting that play style. Something to spice up the already amazing game, letting you have many different approaches to missions, unlike Xcom, where you go in killing anything that moves or looks like it can kill you, or FTL, where if it isn't a shop or special event, you're going to kill some thi- Scratch that, a lot of things. Still, this game well deserves an 8/10."
76561198018460505,Recommended,243970,16219758,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,AgrippaMaxentius,"An absolutely beautiful game, you get to rob corporations, create a mastermind spy ring. All improved with incredible graphics, gameplay as well as enemy A.I not for stealth beginners.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MeVG11tzLjg"
,Recommended,243970,12922007,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,lyravega,"Another promising game from Klei. I like these guys, so I bought the game to support them in my way as they haven't disappointed me and their games gave me hours of entertaintment. But the game is fun, unique, and challenging that I'd have done it anyway. Those people who has played Mark of the Ninja before (from the same developers again) will most likely like this game. Writing this as of Patch 6.The game is a turn-based strategy which heavily involves stealth mechanics, with ""roguelite"" elements. There are several mission types with different goals, and you are on a timer; there is an alarm level which goes up turn by turn, and more security measures are activated, making your mission even more dangerous should you stick around for long. You start with two agents out of 6, and an ""AI"" which you use to hack security systems to pave the way for your agents and/or to allow them to grab some loot on their way to allow you build a better team. Among the loot, you can buy new programs, new tools, new weapons, and you can upgrade your agents.The mission map and missions themselves are procedurally generated, no two missions are the same. RNG has a part to play, but if you are thinking carefully, you can finish most of the missions without alerting a guard/bot at all. Some of the game mechanics, like field of view can take a little bit of time to get used to.Playing in short bursts is a good idea, as paying attention is really important, and one wrong step may force you to end the mission prematurely or it may result in the loss of some/all of your agents. You cannot save/load in the missions, but there is a rewind feature, which allows you to rewind to the previous turn (limited uses) in case you step in the wrong direction. There is an Ironman mode which doesn't have this feature.Anyway, I can keep writing, but I don't think I need to. If you like turn-based strategies, and/or games with stealth mechanics, get this one. As soon as you grasp the fine points of the mechanics, you'll be enjoying it immensely."
,Recommended,243970,33070255,Posted: 30 June,all,BonChance,"Ran my agent into a room, got detected by a guard. Tried to melee him, was on cooldown. Tried to use other agent to tranq the guard, accidentally tranq'd a guard already KO'd. No rewinds left. Both agents down next turn. 10/10 would suicide mission again."
76561198272302881,Recommended,243970,35224767,Posted: 26 September,all,rwakeham27,Amazing
76561198007579261,Not Recommended,243970,17491297,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Bomoo,"This game isalmostgreat, but as with many recent indie titles, it has several crippling design flaws that turn it from spectacular, which it is agonizingly close to being, into unplayable garbage.Simply put, this is not a tactical RPG, this is a puzzle game. Why do I say that? Because the way your ""pieces"" behave makes no sense within the game's theme, which is ""tactical espionage."" Your pieces are supposedly spies, and carry tazers. Fine so far, except that none of them have the faintest idea how to throw a judo chop or put a shirt-and-trousers rent-a-cop in a sleeper hold. The absence of guns, and the hugely expensive ammo when you actually do happen to get guns is explained in the in-game lore in a satisfactory way. What isn't explained, however, is the way in which these elite spies you're meant to guide through levels are incapable of satisfactorily incapacitating threats. Taze a guard? Okay. Then leave him on the ground, gun and all. No, they don't have zip ties or knives in the future, and your elite spies don't know how to snap a neck. By the end of missions, you're invariably stuck on tiny maps with convoluted layouts and 10+ guards running around hunting for you as the ""level entropy"" rapidly increases, some of them the same rent-a-cops you've been forced to taze 2-3 times by that point. And then all your agents get killed by those same rent-a-cops you've tazed multiple times, and that any elite spy with a functioning brain would've either killed or tied up, gagged, and stashed under a desk or in an air vent.Edit: I'll add another thing: the room layouts. I get that it's procedurally generated, but, unfortunately, not in any way that makes thematic sense. These are meant to be corporate offices, yet judging by the way these rooms are laid out, only schizophrenics are allowed to be architects or interior designers in the future. It's nothing but a mad jumble of squares populated randomly by furniture or game objectives. This would make sense if we were crawling through Undermountain looking for orcs, but corporations today, and probably 60 years from now, when the game takes place, are not going to be hiring Halaster the Mad for their interior designer.This total disconnect from even the remotest semblance of verisimilitude might be understandable in a new developer, but Klei is hardly new to making stealth games. Mark of The Ninja, in fact, is one of my favourite games. Itboggles the mindthat the same people who made that gem are responsible for this near-perfect train wreck, but train wreck none the less. It's torture seeing a game so close to perfection and greatness get turned into unplayable garbage by something so small, and something that could've been caught had the developers taken a more objective look at their own game as it grew instead of adapting to dysfunctional systems and growing unconscious of the blind spots created by their own habits.Sadly, this is another title that leads me to believe that Klei, in spite of coming up with quite a few excellent ideas, is a one hit wonder when it comes to coherent and harmonious implementation of holistic game systems. Don't Starve has a crippling flaw that renders it unplayable due to its terrible inventory system, and Incognita similarly has a crippling flaw in the way it emphasizes arbitrary puzzle nonsense over even remotely realistically represented stealth, espionage, tactics, and all that good stuff.Edit2: And a moderator banned me from the Invisible Inc forums and locked my thread discussing these topics. I guess that's how Klei deals with criticism of their perfect award-winning games. Hope you're comfortable in your echo chamber, fellas."
76561198012374319,Not Recommended,243970,35327390,Posted: 30 September,all,Le Cid,"Invisble, Inc. feels to me much more like an extremely fleshed out mini-game than an actual full-fledged game. It is repetitive and the randomly-generated levels feel just like that: randomly generated. In controlling the characters, there is a general feel of a lack of features and possibilities.The alarm system, which increases every turn, and the short cooldown on guards KO incite the player not to linger nor to fully explore, which goes against my personal preferences.The last straw to me was the final mission (reached after less than 5 hours) and its sudden and unexplainable difficulty spike. All the other missions before were just a breeze, but I got absolutely shattered by the last one. Maybe I was supposed to learn from my mistakes and try again, but the fact is that the game did not make me want to play more."
,Not Recommended,243970,15968300,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,carewolf,"A fun little game. So why don't I recommend it?It is a 10€ game, not a 20€ game. Get it on sale."
,Not Recommended,243970,16400564,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Dunciboy,Not my kind of game. You can't rally stay in areas for a long time or you will be overrun by enemies. you really need to make the right moves or you will regret it. but if you like these kind of games certainly go for it.
,Not Recommended,243970,17440688,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,bloodnutxcom,It's a realy good game that just ends abruptly after 5-7 missions. How can they do that when there's an interesting story - I can not fathom. instead they want us to replay the game with different difficulties.This shenanigan leaves such a bad taste that I would recommend everyone to stay away from this game until they create a complete gaming experience.
76561197988563831,Not Recommended,243970,17455199,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,LeakySandwich,"Cool concept, difficult, and had potential.Story is utterly lacking, but gameplay makes up for that. However it is over just when you think things are getting interesting... unless you use endless mode, which is a dreary same-old repetition of missions.Had promise, but after a few hours i'm done with it."
76561198043806781,Not Recommended,243970,15962055,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,m4rw4n,Very nice game but it's really short. You can finish it in 4 hours which was really shocking and disappointing to me.
76561198004234335,Not Recommended,243970,30533659,Posted: 15 March,all,CapAp,"A turn-based stealth game with a LOT of great ideas that is unfortunately pretty much ruined by some ill-considered mechanics. Specifically, some enemies have ""Armor"" and in many run-throughs of the game, you will simply not be given access to any items which allow you to ignore Armor, meaning you often encounter literally unstoppable enemies and just have to shrug your shoulders and reset.It also suffers from ""roguelike"" syndrome, which is where a lazy developer declines to provide balance to a system and then chalks it up to ""it's a roguelike"". You might get a team of 4 awesome hackers and thousands of credits worth of equipment in your first two missions. OR, you might get a bunch of ""intel"" missions, which just tell you about other missions, giving you zero opportunity for advancement. If that situation comes up on your first day or two, you can just restart. If it comes up when you're 75% done with the game, oh well - sucks to be you! ""It's a roguelike"".I'd really like to give this a thumbs-up, the theme is awesome, the art is just gorgeous and fits the cyberpunk world perfectly, the voice acting is top notch, and there are a lot of great gameplay ideas that unfortunately just don't come together, due to a couple of bad mechanics.Keep an eye on this if you're into turn-based, and try it if it goes on sale really cheap, or they ever fix the balance problems."
76561198009022371,Not Recommended,243970,17438017,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Red Mist Clone,The campaign mode of this game is 4 missions long........ Pickup Shadow Run rather than this game.
,Not Recommended,243970,24383316,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,[bDb]Snuffles,I really wanted to like this game. The initial story mode felt really half-baked and the gameplay wasn't engaging enough to pull me back into its procedurally generated side -- and I really tried. I think this could have been a great tactics game if there was less emphasis on it becoming some kind of roguelike. This was especially disappointing as it felt like Klei failed everthing that they got so right with Mark of the Ninja.
76561198030699283,Recommended,243970,23854098,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,awesomeusernamebrah,One of a kind. Fantastic
76561197970755777,Not Recommended,243970,15982780,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,fooltron,"Not as good as everyone seems to think it is. I don't really get the fuss over this game. The progressive upgrades of the four primary attributes are ... unexciting. Other enhancements and items don't seem to change the gameplay that much. Speaking of which, the gameplay is somewhat tedious and the overall movement and mechanics are a bit awkward. Exploring a whole level feels like grind - the rewards are typically mediocre and predictable.Meh."
76561198040457997,Not Recommended,243970,16636801,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Keemossi,"3rd mission, straight corridor with armored guard patrolling. Can't get past, can't knock out. Autoloss. Yeah no."
76561198043408015,Recommended,243970,15802252,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,wizard1200,"The early access of Invisible, Inc. was great, but the release version of the game is simply amazing: The player has a lot of useful options to customize the agents and the difficulty settings. This results in an interesting character development and challenging turn based missions."
76561198008248170,Recommended,243970,17334998,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,thermopylae42,I like the game but my kids hog my computer now all the time...
,Not Recommended,243970,24586454,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Zerlot,"You know what really sucks? I tried so hard to like this game. I love stealth games and I love turn-based tactical games. I thought that combining the two would bring about a Godly game. I thought wrong. This game gets extremely repetitive and loses its luster after one playthrough. Oh, by the way there are only like 5 missions in the entire story. Snore. I'd definitely not buy this for the price it's currently out for... maybe for free, but not this price."
,Not Recommended,243970,19173906,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,HausMaus,"I don't get the hype behind this game. The gameplay is incredibly shallow and gets old after a few hours. It *seems* deep at first, but you quickly realize that there are only a few basic mechanics in the entire game, and you pick them up during the first 15 minutes of gameplay. Boring.If you're looking for a top-down cyberpunk experience, go play Shadowrun instead."
,Not Recommended,243970,17469823,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,BleedingQuasar,"This was a really fun to play turn based tactical spy game. The inventory management system and the item option were very limited and not well thought out. The items were slight variation on the same five things. I’d give game play a 6 out of 10. However, the ending is disappointing, poorly written, and feel like a complete afterthought.With the host of secondary problems this game ends up only being slightly above average."
,Recommended,243970,26229258,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Demaris_Arturo,I have played 12 hrs of this game. I am typically in and out of turn based games but this title is onesthat has me hooked.  Good but simple skill and tech system. Easy to pick up.  At this rate I'll have 100hrs logged in no time.For me this is Xcom equivalent for espionage. Everything I own from Klei is a great game experience and  Invisible Inc. is no exception :)High replay factor.
76561198026184659,Recommended,243970,13402445,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Simon_,It's an awesome Game!
,Recommended,243970,15885787,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Starosta88,True TBS-hardcore.
76561198070341303,Recommended,243970,15878575,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,KeynesTheStimulator$$$,Great game. Could use more content but i'm sure more will come as the game get's more popular.
,Recommended,243970,15820819,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,shanneng,Terrific little turn-based stealth tactical RPG set in a cold cyberpunk future..... what's not to like?!
76561198018789369,Recommended,243970,15821510,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Oddyseeh,TACTICAL ESPIONAGE!?TURN BASE STRATEGY!YES@! XCOM sz
,Recommended,243970,13601253,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,average rustmite,if you dont like strategy games then you should still buy for the music its da best
76561198166276425,Recommended,243970,16142342,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,sugarrn15,there is something wonderfull about this game but the sad thing is you only have soo much time to play but there is a mode that fixes that so i loved it you shuld get it its like x-com without aliens and more stealth
76561198138526345,Not Recommended,243970,24790965,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,cicann,"Definitely too short and too simple game.  I've passed throught main campaign in 5 hours. Certainly, it's still possible to repeat game with higher difficulty level, but what for? All missions are very similar. Invisible doesn't offer many different strategies and tactics, so gameplay is funny only at the beginning. It's OK to play it for few hours, but that's all what it offers."
,Recommended,243970,11815868,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Frozentypewriter,"3 hours of campaign play ended in one round. ""Fun."" 10/10 would sneak again."
76561198030040073,Recommended,243970,16579342,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Smooth Chocolate,this game is brutal and i'm loving it
76561198031189550,Recommended,243970,29052550,Posted: 5 January,all,ShortBusSpeshal,"Good tactical gameplay. AI is a bit dumb, and seem to operate on a bit of random chance."
,Recommended,243970,15870140,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Jace Telepath unbound,If you like Mark of the Ninja and XCom this game is definitely for you.
,Recommended,243970,13134773,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,thecheyenneing,"Really well-developed for an early access game, and at a reasonable price. Gameplay is simple, and gives the player a lot to consider when taking turns and moving to certain locations. Puzzles are challenging, and very fun. The agents have different talents, making them valuable to your team and how you tackle the gameplay. Would highly recommend!"
76561198084086732,Recommended,243970,15885595,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,pclouds,"Security system at one end, the mainframe at the other. Two agents down in a cat and mouse game in order for the other two to get across the floor. The two agents were both MIA then released, and finally died in the end. So dramatic. Banks and Salem you will always be remembered."
,Recommended,243970,15884149,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,ProxyUK,"If  X-Com  had a threesome with  Deus-Ex  and  Evil Genius, their off spring would be,  Invisible Inc."
,Recommended,243970,13311562,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,MrNinjaDrBrian,"Game was too easy, then a patch came through. Game was unforgiving, patch. Game was difficult but I somehow  beat it with one guy after my squad was eliminated (one guy easier to move and position then two+), patched. Game unforgiving, patched. Game is now patched again and will say some of the aspects that made it easier are gone or changed drasically against you (closing doors in guard's faces makes them kick them down, can't freely kill with Anatomy Analysis anymore)"
76561198086536838,Recommended,243970,13462483,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,SuperiorTaco,I think this is one of the best Early Access Game that is currently out in the Steam Store! (That means that I really like this game)
76561198121309961,Recommended,243970,26524589,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Geargoggles,"Very fun game.  A much different take on turn-based strategy as the game is extremely stealth heavy.  Different characters can be unlocked that offer different playstyles, but by in large the game is intended for stealth type play.   It is very fun though, and uses familiar mechanics to other turn-based games, like actions points for each character, which make it easy to jump into.The weapons and gadgets are interesting and different.  Stun guns that daze enemies so you can get away.  Stun darts, mobile cameras, controlling enemy robots.The difficulty settings though could use some tweaking.  You can play with different aspects of how hard the gameplay is and it doesn't seem like you can get it to a medium difficulty.  There's either hard, hardish, and easy.  But don't take that the wrong way, the game is challenging, which is good."
,Recommended,243970,17280259,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Reisgem,10/10!!
76561198055654062,Recommended,243970,32304873,Posted: 9 June,all,basilcake,Great game with adjustable difficulty levels making it accessible to all gamers and providing a welcoming learning curve
76561198053341948,Recommended,243970,25775287,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,kaoshosh,"Amazing game!If you like strategy and stealth, this is a MUST BUY!!!"
76561198042578254,Recommended,243970,30431118,Posted: 10 March,all,Krimey,perfect
76561197970529890,Recommended,243970,16143345,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Alhazred,Just wonderful.
,Recommended,243970,15868913,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,unknown14725,"This is a nice little game. It has a lot of elements from 'XCOM: Enemy Unknown', but brings in a new level of puzzle game mechanics because you do not a whole lot of ranged weapons at your disposal. The cyberpunk atmosphere is super nice, with animations and looks that are very similar toÆon Flux. This is a really a gem that all cyberpunk and sci fi should have. Hack those firewalls!"
,Recommended,243970,11801664,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,GRipley,Oh christ this game is so addictive and compelling. Klei you've done it again!
,Recommended,243970,11798085,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,-CMTV- Redwarp,Really promising
,Recommended,243970,24489079,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,afro_apple,Good.
76561198072826923,Recommended,243970,19750666,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,KOS-MOS,"Pros90/100 game you don't have much of such games even in decade perspectiveFreshUniqueWanted(the not so much good games of this genre on the market)ConsRNG is too harsh for newcomersToo short(not enough content some more artificially created missions would be good)Small Balance issues on Higher difficulties(some items are crap compared to others)Casual - 50/50(get ready for a challenge)Hardcore - Yes (if not fully scrwed by RNG, happens rarely)+ Have one of the best steam achievement(reminds me MGS1)"
76561198004296973,Recommended,243970,13415634,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Guiga,"This game is awesome! Although it is a little bit hard and it certainly has a luck factor involved, I love it! The art is incredible,so is the music! I can't wait to see it when it i done!"
76561198069579433,Recommended,243970,23564232,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Spamitor,"Loved it! Had a blast. This is a fresh, different title that makes tactical turn-based new and fun. One of those titles that makes you wish for more, and then provides it with different play modes. Highly recommend, as a gamer for 20+ Years"
76561198000566598,Recommended,243970,15819009,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Special Agent Aaron Brand,"Do you want to make a sexy lady spy sit on some unconcious dudes face while a computer hacks his brain? Do you want to see a mildly alcoholic hunk in a cool hat teleport into a building? Do you want to use a smoke grenade from something other than getting terrorists to stop shooting at you for 30 seconds in CS:GO?  Well good news! Invisible, Inc. has all these and more!ITs got a great art style, great game play, and if you are sadistic, it has a ton of difficulty options to make it nearly impossible (i.e. impossible).Not perfect and certainly not for everybody, but I would say it trancends the labels of turn-based strategy and stealth will an amazing abilty to create fast paced tension and action. Also reminds me of Neuromancer by William Gibson. I don't really write reviews so a score is bsically useless as it has no frame of reference as to how it compares to other games so I will end with this: if it seems like something you might be into-buy it, if you feel unsure about it-buy it on sale or borrow it. It is absolutely worth your time."
76561198048001693,Recommended,243970,26726898,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,nsandoval_cubed,"I love Klei. I love this game. The replay value trying different strategies is great. Every playthrough is a different game.After reading a few of the negative reviews, I am pretty sure that those people just suck at this game. I guess you can ""thumb down"" games you suck at. Its cool."
,Recommended,243970,22380508,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Rafaelinski,This game is good!
76561197973034678,Recommended,243970,22381867,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,LukeBu,Great Turn-Based-Strategy  stealth game!
76561198263214851,Recommended,243970,28888165,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,90,I'm not really into turn-based games but this game hooked me up for hours. It clears to me now not all turn-based games are suck and lame and slow...and definitely not this one.
,Recommended,243970,13856575,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Soap Box Rocket,"This game is great! it totaly recreates the feeling I get while stealing office supplies at work, now at home."
76561198014864601,Recommended,243970,16011070,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Joe Boro,After beating the first play-through my computer had a blue screen of death.  10/10
,Recommended,243970,22579559,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,freshwaterSubmarine,"Oh man. This is a great game, but other people have summed up way far better than I can. Go read thier reviews."
,Recommended,243970,27651929,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,prolog,"This is it.Stealth Strategy.Randomly Generated.Non stop fun.Just get it, would you?"
,Recommended,243970,17464732,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Panic! At The Costco™,XCOM Combat with actually Good Stealth in a cyberpunk world where you're on the run from corporations who want to hunt you down. Game owns.
,Recommended,243970,18585052,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,thelogicalghost,"It's a bit like someone started with Shadowrun Returns,then stripped out the combat to focus on stealth,then stripped out story for a linear generic-spy-group plot,then severely dumbed down the upgrade mechanics and replaced XP with money,then cartoon-ified the visuals,and then arbitrarily limited campaign length and added things that unlock via playthrough to encourage replay.For what it is, it's not bad. I remember feeling that Shadowrun Returns was surprisingly heavy on the combat and light on the core of the tabletop game, which was always espionage and stealth. Invisible has a saturday morning cartoon feel to it that keeps the tone light as your little trenchcoated minions ambush and taser unsuspecting security guards.However, don't hope for character developement, involved plot, or indeed any originality. Invisible rips off most of its language straight from Shadowrun except where it uses generic cyberpunk to avoid having to actually worldbuild."
76561198064206553,Recommended,243970,18669470,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,SneakyGunz,Very arduous stealth tactical game! Also fun. Thumbs up.
76561197968434831,Recommended,243970,21355455,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,sppeterson,"The number of times I've gone from ""Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥I'm never going to make it out of this mission!"" to ""I have no idea how I got out of that mission"" is amazing.  This game is like a skin of your teeth generator."
,Recommended,243970,30719376,Posted: 24 March,all,Jilles,"I normally don't write reviews, but I love this game.Not much to the story (kinda like XCOM), beautiful graphics, challenging gameplay.Just my cup of tea.Similar games: XCOM, Shadowrun, Hard West.I would recommend it to someone who's played some of the games mentioned above and enjoyed it. The thing that makes this game more difficult than the others is that you can barely fight back."
,Recommended,243970,24033157,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,retakrew7,"I like hard turn based strategy games, this game fully delivers on that.This is one of the few games where I actually considered the Beginner's mode.Keep in mind that when you fail your campaign you still unlock new starter agents and new starting abilites.A few tips:- make the most out of the early low hacking cost- killing people is only worth it in desperate situations- don't take characters with long range weapons at the start, when they are out of ammo you lose their biggest tactical advantage- the agent with the wireless hacking is invaluable in the early mission phase- don't buy ammo weapons, only ones with turn recharge- to slowly advance drag unconscious enemies around and stand on them to prevent the KO timer from going down"
,Recommended,243970,23994289,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,The Amazing Solomon,this game is the masterpiece art direction. i lovin it
,Recommended,243970,24010303,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,aVe,"[Edit : Suggested Strategy at the bottom]Invisible Inc is a very good surprise. I usually enjoy team-based tactical games, and this blend of stealth and hacking is really engaging for me.I think the game truly shines by the way it manages tension. During a mission, even if you can crawl and hack your way discretely to your objectives, the alarm level still rises and you're only a turn away from a very stressed situation where guards surrounds you and make you sweat like hell.  In between mission, since you have a time limit, you'll have to make tough choices between gaining access to facilities, acquiring money, items or improving your agents.Depth and replay value comes from the procedural map generation and the multiple improvements for your agents (skills, augments, items) or your IA (programs),The art direction is excellent and really contributes to the game's readability (an important feature since you have to monitor multiple agents, sometimes in different places, and also the Incognita network).Suggested Strategy (for casual play)- Choose Beginner Mode- Start with Internationale and Banks- Start with Power Drip (+1 Power / turn) and Parasite (Progressive hack)// Flow- Use Internationale to ""scout"" doors and surroundings ; Use Parasite to hack Cameras, shops (items or programs), Safes, eventually Drones - forget the sound bugs - you can walk pass them.- Use Banks to ""knock out"" guards, drag them and paralyze them ; and also, check locked doors and eventually unlock them.// Development- Augment Internationale with the ability to gain AP each time you hack a firewall (Network Download) ; equip her with a rechargeable pistol and keep a charge. Internationale should use her weapons only in last resort - her role is to uncover most of the map as fast as possible.- Augment Banks with the ability to reduce item cooldown each time you use one item (Torque Injectors) ; equip her with several neural disruptors.- Buy these programs as fast as you can : Data Blast (-1 Firewall in 5 square radius), Leash (+1 turn to control Drones), Taurus (Move Daemons) - some can be tricky to use and require good timing.// Mission Order- Free another agent as soon as you can !- Remember to buy items and programs in Shops scattered in maps- Go for : Programs, Items and Weapons in that order if possible// Third agent- You cannot control the agent you'll get, so take advantage of their augment. For example, with Shalem, he starts with a +1 Armor Ranged Weapons so I usually give him a rechargeable Rifle up to +2 Armor ; I augment him with a +1 Armor Melee Weapon so I do the same with a Neural Disruptor +2.// Misc Items & Skills- I suggest you first buy skills only when you need them ; later when you have more credits, you could add Strengh (more items, less encumberance, better drag) and Speed (more APs).// Buy & Sell- Remember that you can buy and SELL items to Monst3r, and Shops (regular and super).Well, this is not a complete strategy guide, but I found this combination quite pleasing for casual play :)"
,Recommended,243970,28605861,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,ModestyBlazed,"fantastic aesthetic, works great with a controller"
76561197987660253,Recommended,243970,28639280,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,StrongByte,Clever and fun game.
76561198028148716,Recommended,243970,28589106,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,caltrop,Hard but fair.
,Recommended,243970,30458474,Posted: 11 March,all,ThePCGamer101,"DISCLAIMER: This is a first impressions review, and NOT a full review, if you want a full review, then please read better reviews then mineInvisible, Inc. is a game developed and published by Klei Entertainment, the same people behind Mark of the Ninja. Invisible, Inc. is simply one of the best single-player games I've ever playedThe theme is evoked well and the mechanisms of play are finely tuned. The real genius though, lies in how the game handles mistakes. In many games failure just costs time, or you are forced to reload whenever you make a mistakeInvisible, Inc. also allows this, but it really shines when you set up a game without rewinds or reloads. Then you get to experience how good a game can really beThe perfectly executed stealthy infiltration can quickly become a deadly game of cat and mouse, and successfully pulling unconscious agents out of a botched operation is way more satisfying than a reload could ever bePoints of reference could be XCOM or the best roguelikes, but I think Invisible, Inc. outclasses them allMy only criticism lies with how certain equipment can make core elements of the game trivial to overcome. It's not so fun when you have a ""super agent"" able to avoid or overcome all oppositionThe relatively short campaign time-frame and random item availability prevents this from becoming a significant problem thoughRECOMMENDED :)"
,Recommended,243970,30896188,Posted: 2 April,all,Kennon,Very good game
76561197989501030,Recommended,243970,31403032,Posted: 27 April,all,badatthis,Excellent game. I highly reccomend for strategy fans. Similar to Xcom but of course very differant.
,Recommended,243970,19247779,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,FrozenFlameX,"ok. this game is awesome and a must try. The players who love heavy strategy games must try this. The game is pretty good and even fun. Each move you do changes what happens next. The game is amazing and you can customise it as you want it. The support team is extremely helpful as well. This game is a must try. If you haven't experienced the support by Klei, then you havent lived to your fullest"
,Recommended,243970,11797659,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,teamawesomecock,This game reminds me of some of my favorites from being younger.  I love the isometric look and the difficulty where a single mistake can end a game.  It's still early access and I'm really excited to see where they are going to take it.
76561198040493857,Recommended,243970,11793183,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Too much blood in my alcohol sys,This game has so much potential! Only played it a short while but it's very addictive and I hope it develops into a great game. I would like to see an endless campaign alongisde a story mode.
,Recommended,243970,11795427,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Duke,"cool setting, cool combat. love this game"
,Recommended,243970,20539919,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,MajinSoul,"This game is inc.redibly polished. It's the only game I ever bought during Early Access, and I don't regret having done so. It's another one of Klei Entertainments masterpieces.+Soundtrack+Visuals+Gameplay+Replayability+Difficulty+Cutscenes~too few of those amazing cutscenes :D~very steep learning curve- nothingI recommend this game to everyone who loves high quality games."
,Recommended,243970,19383029,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,The BDG,This game was an absolute treasure to find. I gave it a full workup and about 30 minutes of playing over here.https://youtu.be/op7pvJQMZNc
,Recommended,243970,30276294,Posted: 2 March,all,DynamiteKnight,"One of the best stealth tactical games I've played. Art direction, sound design, UI, and voice over are all phenomenal. I particularly love how the alarm level constatly goes up making a mission more intense as I stay longer.The only complaint I have of this is that the campaign is ridiculously short and that there is barely any story in it. Perhaps it was designed to be a roguelike, which is not my cup of tea."
76561198036554932,Not Recommended,243970,27939354,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Nexus-Prista,This game is good for strategy parts...but roguelike parts are sucks.
76561197991565882,Recommended,243970,28764903,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,thompson_g1,"Very enjoyable, short game."
,Recommended,243970,28794638,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,eyebrows,"Very very short main campaign, but it's built around ""rogue-lite"" mechanics, or something; once you've finished it, you start again but with some new characters and abilities unlocked, so it becomes a (potentially-) different challenge each time.The core turn-based stealth mechanic itself is fun, but the new characters you unlock as you complete the campaign each time never seemed all that great. So too for the new abilities. So after a handful of playthroughs (enough for 30+ hours, mind) I'd gotten used to the idea that nothing fundamentally new was happening each time, despite the unlocks, and after that just got frustrated with it."
76561197999643270,Not Recommended,243970,21792992,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Baalex,Completed my first playthrough within a few hours. During my second run i found myself annoyed and getting bored already. Even with the unlocks I found it shallow at best. If you love stealth then this is for you. If you love combat then you'll quickly get frustrated... There are similarities to xcom in the way it's built but don't pick it up solely because of this.
76561198068344011,Recommended,243970,30227832,Posted: 27 February,all,Devon Carr,Very fun game but once you have played for about the 5th time you have seen almost everything. Needs to be built up abit more maby a new form of campain? or even a new character would'nt go a miss.
76561197981444454,Recommended,243970,30545683,Posted: 16 March,all,Avery Cates,"Fantastic game. Each run through is quick, and when using different agents and Incognito programs, you get a different feel for the run as their starting powers are unique enough to make a difference to how to play. Also, as you can only do so many missions in the 3 days, picking which ones (and which type of mission) makes each run that more unique"
76561198053167594,Recommended,243970,30283850,Posted: 2 March,all,ColdKill,"Good game, IMO worth about 10€.Only TRUE con: Gladstone breaking your balls because a mission ended badly. ""Augmentations yadayada that you did not obtain. Congratulations."" Go ♥♥♥♥ yourself then, you filthy ♥♥♥♥♥. God pig."
,Recommended,243970,23943054,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,roboandy,"Awesome, quick little game that feels like an X-Com ""lite"". Command a small team of spies and secret agents and you do cyberpunk♥♥♥♥♥♥to complete missions within a three day time frame. Finish a campaign and unlock more cool stuff to run another compaign. Story probably takes two or so hours of straight playtime to finish, so you'll definitely run this through a few times. Great game and a steal on sale."
76561198087421094,Recommended,243970,23294230,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,undergarden,"I am firmly convinced the main feature that makes a game a Good Title is the ability to give players the chance to exploit the game dinamics in as many creative ways as possible to solve the problems u are dealing with.This game is worth every single cent bcos u are not paying for a stupid ultra graphics interactive video, u are paying for a genuine and challenging entertainment.♥♥♥♥ off AAA ""switch off the brain"" titles, THIS should be the future of gaming."
,Recommended,243970,19045968,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,OOPMan,"On of the best games I've played in the last year and one of the few games outside of WoT, War Thunder and similar stuff to get any of my time."
,Recommended,243970,20152184,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Grey!,"I may only have 15 hours on Steam as of now but I can honestly say I've played this game more than hundreds of hours. I finally caved in during the winter sales and bought the game + DLC and is currently working on the achievements. I stumbled upon this game after finishing the first two shadowrun games and SR:HK wasn't out then.This game is like SR with stealth effects. In SR the character placement doesn't matter that much since you can still get hit even while under heavy cover. In this game, every single step you take counts as the difference between being shot and being alive depends on whether you're in the right cover. You WILL fail repeatedly, as did I but the experience has been awesome. Many heart stopping moments when a single wrong step messed up the whole game. You will get better at it the more you play it and with a combination of different agents and programs will customise each game you will discover new strategies.The only thing about this game I dislike is how much the side missions are worth: almost nothing. Well, other than that, this game is very enjoyable and I'm really hoping that there will be another DLC out."
76561197991239902,Recommended,243970,24684657,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Mauseleum,"Propably the best espionage game I`ve played since Metal Gear Solid on PS1. You are free to build your own team, play as you want and the way which fits your style. This game is PERFECT!Fore warning: this game has roguelike elements, so if you dont like starting again because your gameplay failed you might wanna search for something easier."
76561197973091916,Recommended,243970,26919788,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dendrazzik,like xcom :)
,Recommended,243970,18665698,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Tjuhl,"Presentation: +- nice art style, animations, good visual feedback on important game elementsGameplay: +- Invisible Inc.'s core gameplay, sneaking a small party of agents through technology- and guard-wise protected facilities, is executed really well and all given game subsystems work well together- selectable difficulty options enable a customized challenge- thanks to procedurally generated levels, no playthrough is the same ...Gameplay: -- ... BUT I personally can't see myself in replaying the game over and over again for unlocking new agents, weapons, skills, etc. as they don't feel distinct enough to me to justify another playthrough- the game goals given after your initial playthrough (""unlock new agents"", ""beat the game in a higher difficulty"", and ""level up your agency"") feel more like a grind to me than goals that I want to work for intrinsicallyOverall, for me it was a pleasant and short (<10 hours) gameplay experience that I do not intend to repeat based on the given game goals."
76561198084079959,Not Recommended,243970,19211227,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,a.fritz,"nice looking, nice playground, but too fast, too strong difficulty rise.I had no time to enjoy the mechanisms because i always had to cope with new chalenges.and I ended the campaign in 1 week.levels are small but the emergency rise prevent longer/ bigger missions.this game deserve a long campain, especialy once you know the end ...."
,Recommended,243970,20591578,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,kawacatoose,░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░░░█░░░█░█░▄▀░█▀▀░░░▀█▀░█░█░█░█▀▀░█░░░░█░░░█░░░█░█▀▄░░█▀▀░░░░█░░█▀█░█░▀▀█░▀░░░░▀░░░▀▀▀░▀░▀░░▀░▀▀▀░░░░▀░░▀░▀░▀░▀▀▀░▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▄░░░░░░░░░░░█░░█░░░░░░░░░░░█░░█░░░░░░░░░░█░░░█░░░░░░░░░█░░░░████████▄▄█░░░░░██████▄▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█████░░░░░░░░░███████▀░░░░▀▀██████▀
76561198077622398,Recommended,243970,17609155,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Sohamkar,It is a great game to play. But I think at this price point there should be more codes and agents and some variety in hacking patterns to be provided with update patches instead of a purchasable DLC.
,Recommended,243970,31928121,Posted: 23 May,all,A Big Guy,"XCOM 2 might be flashier, but Invisible, Inc is far more mechanically robust."
,Recommended,243970,31933701,Posted: 24 May,all,flamey,"An excellent and original strategy game, whose non-linearity adds to its longevity."
76561198054855327,Recommended,243970,18023689,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,L0RD G4B3N,"Great game overall, I'd say it would be worth the money if the campaign was a bit longer but the different difficulty settings kinda make up for that. Each mission is randomly generated too which is awesome."
,Recommended,243970,25744646,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,RefugeZero,Excellent game.
76561198113958443,Recommended,243970,26018042,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Freezacan,Good gameplay Decent mods guards who actually remember you existing for more than 5 seconds and nice challenge
76561198071810195,Recommended,243970,26408609,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,hallix78,"I'm terrible at this game and it frustrates the hell out of me a lot of times, but I've come to really love it. Like any good turn-based game, every little insignificant decision and detail will end up biting you when it matters most. It's a load of fun, and when you roll the dice and take a risk that pays off, it's incredibly satisfying. Plus, let's face it, Klei's games are always worth a look. I've come to admire their work as a studio."
76561197970843709,Recommended,243970,33575421,Posted: 15 July,all,winged potato,The game is short  but makes up for it with really solid gameplay.
76561198107810115,Recommended,243970,34495306,Posted: 25 August,all,Farenheit,"It was everything the trailer called it. It's very well built as well, with no gameplay or visual glitches that I experienced. My only critisism would be that it was a little shorter than I would've liked."
76561198043991646,Recommended,243970,30432155,Posted: 10 March,all,alicececil,"I just bought my third copy of this game. I cannot truly express how great this game is.Invisible, Inc. is the perfect balance between your stealth, largely non-lethal combat, and cunning against the all powerful corporations who have black listed you. Fully random levels and make millions of different runs through the game; and the mod community is amazing at enhancing the base game even farther. The DLC is worth the extra money as it adds increased difficulty to the game while balancing out with new equipment and agents.My favorite game, buy it you'll love it."
76561197984605440,Recommended,243970,34597626,Posted: 29 August,all,JoeMutant,Pretty much the best stealth tactical game I've ever played!
,Recommended,243970,26320885,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,haymo,"Fun, well-paced XCOM-like espionage strategy game."
,Recommended,243970,26430306,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,azurra,"I adore Invisible Inc.! It really has everything you could possibly want from a cyberpunk spy strategy game -- clutch and exciting stealth mechanics, punishingly difficult high-stakes roguelike combat, widely customizable playstyles that bring high replay value, and a really lovely, immersive art direction coupled with a rewarding story mode. Invisible Inc. is a game that looks and feels great and gets better with every replay. I can't sing its praises enough! I highly recommend."
76561197987035724,Recommended,243970,26414452,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Sieni,"Highly recommended. Invisible, Inc. must be one of the best turn based strategy games I've played recently. There's a lot of possibility for customisation of play strategy. There is no damage randomisation or so, and you can calculate the outcome of your every turn. The game is quite difficult, and sometimes you can lose due to bad luck (awful gear drops), but invisible Inc. is short and it's easy to start yet another game. Play-through value is high, the levels are random-generated, and there's a lot of starting agents to choose from. With each play-through you even open new characters and in-game hacking software."
76561198057802039,Recommended,243970,17471880,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Digihuman,"Invisible Inc.What is there to say about it?Hm, well, that's the question.Invisible Inc is often described as roguelike, or in the words of TotalBiscuit ""Rogue-Lite"". Unless you're playing on a custom difficulty to unwind, expect to die A LOT.Let's break this down, then.Story;Invisible Inc has an incredibly short story, but still a fun one to watch, with 2 very nicely animated cutscenes that to me at least felt reminiscent of The Incredibles. Its cast of characters are fairly fun, for what we get to learn of them. Central in particular has to be the best in the game - not only does she have the best voice, but you also feel for her plight and genuinely feel scolded for letting agents die.Gameplay:Being a turn-based stealth strategy game, things will go wrong, a LOT. Often resulting in death. Fortunately there is a ""rewind"" option which allows you to go back to the beginning of the previous turn. Of course, while this is useful, barring custom mode, your Rewinds are limited and you may have made a mistake much earlier that caused your problems now.the stealth gameplay is really enjoyable and the combat is simple, and just a little frustrating if you don't have the ability to knock out your enemy before they shoot you, or if you are surrounded.I would criticise how hard it is to obtain enough money to keep your equipment up to date with the difficulty increase each in-game ""day"". You'll very quickly find yourself surrounded by armoured guards without armour-piercing weapons while trying to get an extra agent in a detention centre, and that certainly doesn't feel nice.Similarly, there is a ""hacking"" feature to change the sides of security features in the levels such as drones and cameras. This is absolutely vital for you to maintain a stealthy approach. However, in an endless mode, even on super-easy difficulty settings, Daemons (programs that activate upon hacking, none of which have positive effects) will begin spawning automatically at the beginning of the level, including one which adds a Daemon into ALL hackable items in the level, severely limiting your ability to do, well, anything.I do applaud it for punishing killing, however. Though despite this, there have been too many situations where killing EVERYONE is the only way to survive a level.Also, while the levels are randomly generated, this isn't necessarily a good thing. While it improves replay value, there have been too many situations where the only way to advance is to go through a room with a stationary guard who is watching the only door you can go through, meaning you will have to risk increasing security by killing or KOing him. Bonus negatives if said guard is more armoured than you have the ability to deal with at the time.Modding:Currently, there is too little in the modding scene for this game. I would really like to see some modding support for agent creation, items and missions in the future. Right now the only real mods are language packs, which is nice if you speak a different language but that's not really a mod otherwise.TL;DR:Great gameplay, nice short story, needs more modding."
76561198211089249,Recommended,243970,23452925,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Bardot,great fun
76561197983086292,Recommended,243970,23632373,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,A5tro,Turn based cyberpunk roguelike.  Fun game.
,Recommended,243970,20845091,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Ferrum Absconsum,AWESOME!!!!!100% recommended
,Recommended,243970,20757281,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,wexmajor,The negative reviews saying this game isn't replayable have no idea what they're talking about. Single-player games don't come more replayable than this. If you are interested in strategy games don't let a negative review by some dumb kid who played through once on Easy dissuade you from buying this masterpiece.
76561197977649322,Recommended,243970,20842490,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Echoic,It's a tidy collection of all the best ideas in its genre.
76561198037080732,Recommended,243970,20997536,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Gentleman,"its one of the best turn based strategy games. Also your playthrough is highly customizable, so it can fits easily to any kind of player / skill i could say. You can play in endless mode if you wihsh, so it never stops generating missions to do, or you can set that after X number of missions u ""finish"" that playthrough. Also u have to keep in mind that every single map is diferent from the last u did, u will never find the same map again (thats f... awesome for me)"
,Recommended,243970,33889314,Posted: 29 July,all,Paragon-panda,Good strategy. Good design. Great game as always from klei !
,Recommended,243970,34296270,Posted: 16 August,all,My_Monkey_Balls,This game is definetly a 10/10Best stealth game everBest turn based strategy everBest roguelike game ever
76561198017918959,Recommended,243970,34301085,Posted: 16 August,all,caspione,Great Casual Game
76561198105777534,Recommended,243970,30438991,Posted: 10 March,all,Captain KYS Scrublord//NUT,"I like the game, it's really fun, the only problem is they don't really give you a grace period where your characters' augments, upgrades, and items really show and feel like you accomplished something; instead it ramps up the difficulty scaringly fast where you NEED TO DO THAT. If you are able to get over that feeling of satisfaction upgrading your characters and feeling it, then you may like this game."
76561198005889486,Recommended,243970,25584454,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,idoru,"Turn-based tactical stealth with procedurally generated levels, variable item availability, and numerous characters.Not for everyone, but I liked it a lot."
,Recommended,243970,27862799,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,DreamCarver,"I'm writing this review coming off of the victory high from beating Experienced Mode, and as part of my task to write a review for those upcoming Steam Awards. My nomination for Invisible Inc: The ""Just Five More Minutes"" Award.I had no expectations when I first opened up this game. I only knew that it was part of the Klei Essentials collection and that it was up for cheap cheap. So I'm willing to call my first experience perfectly unhyped.And man am I happy with what I got. Invisible is an incredibly well-designed game, both graphically and technically. Each agent holds their own on the field, each Corporation has their own distinct theme which resonates well throughout their facilities, everything just seems to make sense within the context of the game. The gameplay itself is like a high-stakes chess game at its peaks, except all you've got is bishops which can't really take any enemy pieces, only slow them down (or, if you want to go lethal, END their corporate slave lives for good [YOU MONSTER]). The game teaches you with every loss and every restart: about itself, about the patterns of the enemies, about the various semi-random daemons which affect gameplay in new and interesting ways the more you hack the enemy systems.It's a glorious red-and-yellow dancefloor of danger spots that you're constantly learning to manuever without getting your shoes stomped. And I LOVE IT.Will the RNG bite you in the butt? Yes. Constantly. But never will it put you in an insurmountable situation. You will always have the opportunity to prepare for armored enemies. You will always have the ability to scout ahead before that guard walks into the spawn room on his regular patrol. You do not get to yell at the game for putting a guard in that room that you told your agent to walk into without scouting first. That's on YOU.Will it eventually get boring, having learned every enemy pattern, every room shape, every action and reaction possible by guards, drones, etc? Maybe. One day I might find myself without my classic evil mastermind cackling as I lure guards off of their patrol with the body of one of their comrades, directly into a waiting ambush by my agent behind the potted plant. I dread the day that I might grow bored of this game. But I don't see it happening anytime soon. I've logged 36 hours thus far, most of that accidental overnights as I urge my teams into the next mission, next mission, until the sun comes up and I go to eat a sad and sleepless breakfast, and I STILL find this game as fun as when I first booted it up.The plot? I'm willing to call it good. The voice acting is top-notch, animation sequences are well-done, the ending... is actually fitting when you think about it. But you're not there for the plot. You're there for the game. And the game is brutally fun.I recommend. Full force."
,Recommended,243970,26724996,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,- ̗̀ Zach the Cat🐱💕 ̖́-,"Black market dealer who sells abilities for Incognita is a cat...tenouttaten, best game, Five Stars, A+, 4 Stars!"
76561198057652638,Not Recommended,243970,15890386,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Meutapepas,"This, game is interesting but short, really short... The scenario, does not exist at all ! This game taste like  an alcohol chocolate good at first then horrible, and why that ?Well i ended the game i feel like i've just ended the introduction ! holy crap. That end is clearly all you did was for nothing.that's a shame because game play is good, characters need to be more unique but all is there except the story, and that totally ruin what could have been a great game."
,Recommended,243970,15805312,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,[.TPoA.] Ironsky,"One of the big games that make you love/hate RNGesus.Game is hard, EMPs and Stealth Rigs all the way.""Try to aim trough the heart, I want to leave a pretty corpse."" -Shalem 11"
76561197970455038,Recommended,243970,15820078,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Chicken Nugget,"God I hate this game so much its so bloody frustrating!!!!! >.<*starts new game* oh yeah the review...... great fun, challenging, tactical game with a cool art style.Buy it if you like the sound of failing over and over again."
76561198000225176,Recommended,243970,11786319,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,UID 0,"It's like X-Com IF you couldn't kill the aliens, and they will always you in one hit.10/10Would lose repeatedly in first two missions over and over again, again."
,Not Recommended,243970,16437980,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Rachin,"Too repetitive , too boring after the first hour of excitement"
76561198038968845,Not Recommended,243970,16574132,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,NicePotato,"This game has some of the least intuitive UI design I've ever seen. Normally I would just ignore it and play as is, but this is a turn-based kinda deal so I can't really ignore the UI. It's really giving me a headache.I can't even think of a good way to fix it short of just re-designing the UI. Or scrapping the additional functionalities and just going for turn-based stealth.I like the aesthetics though."
76561197997529197,Recommended,243970,17440855,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Giorgio_Freemac,Just amazing and very ethistic. But the camplain is very short. I finish it in one day :( . Pls create dlcs!
,Recommended,243970,15821676,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Boboness,Bought by mistake - was trying to purchase invisible ink
,Not Recommended,243970,19558670,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Francis,"Sure, you can be invisible. But where are the goblets? Not recommended."
,Recommended,243970,15874965,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Bad Horse,This is the game you've been looking for.
76561198075091446,Recommended,243970,15881456,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Alec Downing,"Age Of Ultron Simulator. Central (AKA Tony Stark) creates Incognita (AKA Ultron), who seems great in theory, declines into madness, and causes large scale destruction."
76561197972655851,Not Recommended,243970,19348918,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Blue Mango,"Dindt grab me within the first 15 minutes of gameplay, got a refund. Style and graphics are great however but didnt even want to bother with the rest of the game... might be a pity, might not. Give it a try yourself when it's on discount, I probably wont again though."
76561198055759960,Recommended,243970,13813102,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Crash,Very good game.
,Recommended,243970,15821929,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Zer,
,Recommended,243970,15822185,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Dinomcworld,"If you good at this game , SO FUN!"
,Recommended,243970,15882184,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,d3kr,Just... one... more... turn...
,Recommended,243970,22656707,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Jacked,"ARE YOU EXPERIENCED?Okay, this is a good game, and I've finished it on beginner in about 24hrs according to steam, I'm playing with dlc and I haven't played it with out before. All seems good.So you beat the game and then sink another 6 hrs in to experienced mode.  Two problems, one, the disconnect from coming from super powered agents way back to basic agents on a harder difficulty setting is jarring, you make too many mistakes.Second is just how hard this is with out level resets, and the difficulty seems to have been adjusted too much, what is a 2nd or 3rd mission is very hard with out the correct hack tool, which you know from beginner you get later... It's not vastly different from beginner, but the combination of disabling level restarts - so you have to start the entire campaign again - and the addition of trying new characters out is too much. Then also the difficult shield level is way out, you don't have the hack tools needed. This can be fixed by enabling level restarts - but then you're not playing experienced you're playing custom, no awards for that.On first play through most people I assume would be doing stealth and avoiding kills, the default characters are this way. You happen to get a couple of characters later which are geared around killing which would be best for a second play through - I just don't see myself playing through beginner again though to get use to it.Also on experienced, even when you ARE experienced, the shield difficulty indicators, the things which tell you how hard something is going to be, were way out. 2nd or 3rd mission in a 2 or 3 level became impossible because I didn't have the right hacking tool (area effect hack), but having played beginner I know that that tool wouldn't be got so early.(I think I got up to turn 37-45 in one map, dragging a body along a map which was basically one long corridor while 8 guards swamped around, a lot of micro. Obviously it wasn't meant to get like that and should rewind before, but it was fun enough to do.)This may be a problem of expectation. Because some in beginner which are marked as ""do not advice infiltrating"" level 5-6 aren't that hard, yet on experienced a level 2-3, what should have been easy, wasn't. I'm wondering if it would have been better to have started the game on experienced, just so the expectation was set, but even so. Or to have my suped up agents from beginner carry over, just so I could tell if it's the agents or the game.It can sometimes degenerate into a game of drag the body and sit on it, but there are other tools available (like an 8 turn ko syringe)and I'm sure I've not seen even half of them really, it will take a few more play throughs."
76561197994417329,Not Recommended,243970,24551107,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,fearmyninjas,"This game was boring. The first time I played it I seriously passed out. After getting more rest I gave it another shot but it never really got exciting IMO. I liked the spy theme of the game, but never really felt the tension of sneaking around an enemie's facility. If you're looking for that, you'd be better served by playing CounterSpy or Shadow Complex. Both are better games."
76561198002549182,Recommended,243970,22340555,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Gufubu,LOVE THIS !
76561198045966388,Recommended,243970,17491912,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Acherrum,"Took me 6 hours to finish this game on Beginner difficulty. I loved every minute of it!I bought this game yesterday at the end of the weekend sale, not too sure if I deemed it worth 12 bucks, but after finishing the campaign on the easiest difficulty in 6 hours (almost in 1 sitting). I'm sure this game is going to played and enjoyed more than you usually get for this kind of price. I tend to divide the price by playtime, to see if a game is worth it's money. GTA V kept me busy for 90 hours at 60 euro, so 0.66 euro per hour. Witcher 3 kept me, so far, occupied for 110 hours for 25 euro, so less than 25 cents per hour. This game will definitely clock in 12+ hours and thus reaching the value of 1 buck per hour - a steal!These days a lot of games are more about graphics than gameplay. This game, though the artstyle is amazing, is definitely more about gameplay. It's basically a turn-based puzzle, where the pieces get mixed after every turn. Progression feels really good and it's almost sad to start over, but the increased difficulty and the unlockables between playthroughs (another level of progression) make it worth it anyway. The random generated levels make playing through the campaign 3 times still a lot of fun.There are a few different missions, which mostly means you get a different rewards for reaching your objective, but apart from that they're all pretty much the same. The beauty in this lies in the random level design. You might get dropped in an impossible situation, where you actually have to trigger an extra alarm, just to continue, because the deactivation station lies out of reach. You will definitely have to use all of your wit combined with your spy gadgets, to finish a level - especially because some of the mechanics are very unforgiving and this gets worse as difficulty increases (a simple misclick can result in the death of an agent).The story is okay, the artstyle is brilliant and the gameplay takes this game home.The developers seem to have a love for bringing really cool games and giving you value for your money, so if you're even slightly interested in this title, definitely pick it up!Too long, did not read?Pros:- Gameplay!- Unique artstyle- Very good replay value- Workshop/mod support- Support indie-titles!- Still receives updates and bugfixesCons:- Short campaign- No multiplayer support- Unable to undo a misclick"
76561198025044985,Recommended,243970,29933107,Posted: 14 February,all,thenandback,Really well done.
76561198041733914,Recommended,243970,17454851,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Not-A-Spy,
,Recommended,243970,15899317,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Brother Pedro,GOTY 2015 or GOTY 2015?
,Recommended,243970,19528790,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,CryonicSuspension,"The year is 2074. Corporations own everything. You are part of an underground resistance unit.You break into procedurally generated, corporate buildings. You hack into computer terminals, upgrade character statistics, buy software and weapons and try not to pi** your pants. The tension is palpable.There are three difficulty levels: beginner; experienced; expert. The game is turn-based strategy, with a built-in mechanic to rewind time.""Hitman 2: Silent Assassin"" meets ""Deus Ex"" ( 2000 ) meets ""X COM: Enemy Unknown"" ( 2012 ).I've become horribly addicted to this game and have not showered in a week!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HxF-QQUsd24"
76561197985125513,Not Recommended,243970,18620399,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,zinger,"Game is over in the blink of an eye. Just when you think the fun stuff is going to start, the game is over."
76561198041868933,Recommended,243970,11865318,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Spiffo,"Don't listen to those reviews complaining about the difficulty. This game is hard as nails and it owns up to it. This is not a game for the weak of heart, or more critically, the weak of mind. This is not a game that you can sit down and play and expect to have a casual fun time. This is a game that will beat you into the ground until you have that glorious ""ah ha!"" moment when you finally figure out how to proceed in this game. Once you get over that difficulty hump, this game can be extraordinarily rewarding. That feeling you get when you just barely get your agents and the cash/intel/prisoners to safety is about as exhilerating as a game can get."
,Recommended,243970,23617585,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Revolting Slob,It's a really good roguelite turn-based stealth game. I'm♥♥♥♥♥♥at it though.
76561198022148146,Recommended,243970,24040901,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,爆殺卿,This is one of the best strategy games I've ever played.
76561198121099535,Recommended,243970,34772490,Posted: 6 September,all,Ultimater,I learned that operators are the most badass people when it comes to executing crime.
,Recommended,243970,34761730,Posted: 5 September,all,Sectaroth,"Excellent game, a real mind-blower concerning tactics, a great paradeigm of how tactical gaming should be made. I definitely recommend it to everyone."
76561197992171864,Recommended,243970,11904413,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Docsis,"this game is awesome... Looks easy at 1st, but it gets tough... you really have to plan each and every move. Very challenging. Just buy it... trust me, it is worth every penny, even if it isn't on sale. It's in Alpha, but even if they never touch the game again, it would still be worth it. It is very playable even in Alpha."
76561198076478455,Recommended,243970,25660470,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,tiefighter71,pretty gud m8
76561198081217868,Recommended,243970,25613049,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,grnwrth,"Amazin game, haves a great story, very good interactions and strategy challenges."
76561198038928797,Not Recommended,243970,12987430,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,watcher6161,"With a game in beta, it can sometimes be hard to determine whether or not to recommend it.  But Invisible Inc. has some issues that seriously need to be worked out before a full launch.I don't have an issue with hard games.  But what makes Invisible Inc. difficult in its beta has little to do with requirng practice or any skill on the part of the player.  Invisible Inc is difficult in the way that winning on a slot machine in Vegas is difficult: the player is at the mercy of sheer dumb luck.  Even the easiest of missions will have your team dead in two rounds if the random number generator (the floor layout for each mission is randomly generated) is unkind, which is more often than not the case."
,Not Recommended,243970,15863500,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Zarthrag,"In summary, Adam Jensen found a copy of X-COM ...and augmented himself with it.  The awesomeness was too much for either game, so Invisible, Inc popped back out.  You're welcome.I haven't yet beaten the game, but the *potential* for replayability is immense here.  Given the reviews, I don't expect to be satisified by the story, or even ""endless"" mode.  Hopefully, a DLC will add some on-going story elements, a campaign, or what this game really needs:A meta-game where your orginization can truly be ""Invisible"" and play a dangerous game of whittling down the power of the corporations: sabotaging projects, siphoning information, stealing money, ferreting spies, establishing assets, evil corporate DOUBLE AGENTS!, all while keeping your organization's HQ from being wiped out (again) if you leave too much evidence behind.  Lose an agent?  Find him/her and extract before they break under interrogation!  Fail, and it's back into exile w/two random agents.  Corporations, left to themselves, could have power-struggles between them that could allow them to gobble each other up, becoming even more dangerous, and more focused on you.... I could go on and on...@klei - The roots are RIGHT THERE!  I can't recommend this game until something along those lines happens.  I *really* want to.  ...so make me."
,Not Recommended,243970,26380912,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,hoi_gr,"I finished 3 campaings (easy, advanced, expert) in about 7 hours and I don't see what more the game has to offer. Sure you can pump up the difficulty to the max but as the difficulty increases it becomes more and more apparent how RNG plays a huge role to your success. It's no surprise being a rogue-like, indie title but I truly believe the game would be far superior by ditching this tired, attention grabbing strategy. Taking the wrong path to your objectives, rescuing a sub-par agent or not getting a useful item/upgrade can pretty much ruin a run. You can roll with the punches and keep going but you'll feel gimped along the way.In conclusion, the game is too short for the 20 euro pricetag. Getting it for 6 and spending a enjoyable 8 hours with it was perfect for a relaxed gaming weekend but don't expect a memorable experience."
76561198004006208,Not Recommended,243970,33575835,Posted: 15 July,all,GaiaHero,Intresting title that could become a good future franchise if they improve the level of player freedom for now its a bit too restrictive to recomend.
76561197998172729,Not Recommended,243970,15966912,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Ryvaken Tadrya,"Almost an incredible game, almost. It's hard, tense, tactical, engaging in its story, and the ending of story mode is so unacceptably dark that any merit the game had is completely destroyed. Failure is the only option, give this a pass if you don't like games that give you a kick in the♥♥♥♥♥instead of a pat on the back."
,Recommended,243970,13123576,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,anonivemolevelon,"theres always that one camera drone who just keeps getting in the way and you think ""should I use power and hack it?"" then you do, then it reboots and you think again ""should I use power and hack it?"" then you realize YOU WASTED ALL YOUR POWER HACKING THE STUPID CAMERA DRONE!"
76561198038687296,Recommended,243970,16040214,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Gamebot,"I would dare to say the combat system of this game is better than X-com. 1 square moving, 1 degree line of sight, every aspect of the combat system really makes me say ""This is A FXXXing great game."" I literally kept saying that during the gameplay.However, a really tragic thing is that there's no story here. Even if the game is great, people need some stairs to reach there. I really want to play more, I really want to try other agents, but combats without story makes this not a game, but rather a labor. I really wish Devs could consider it when they make the next game. If they had written some decent stories and integrated it with the combat system, this game definitely could have been the top 3 game of 2015.Still, system itself is really damn great. I saw another great possibility of 'Klei'. I am hopefully expecting the next game with deep stories and narratives, as a perfect art work. Think of the game 'Skyrim', the show 'Game of throne'. People are thrilled with those Arts because they have stories.Was it really hard to make more stories? I have always hated dirty companies who try scam with DLCs, but I'd gladly buy tons of DLCs of this game because the game itself is absolutely perfect."
76561198134945127,Not Recommended,243970,30529821,Posted: 15 March,all,Bri-O,Little bit Boring .... The Price's too high for this kind of gameAcceptable but not Good (for me).
,Recommended,243970,16577123,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Ryuu,roguelike Robin Hood.Very cool.+3 of [-3;+3]
76561198131571393,Recommended,243970,13378364,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Ray Robertson,Wonderful game.
76561197998710555,Recommended,243970,15823056,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Skyleaf,"Mark of the Ninja was the perfection of 2D side-scrolling stealth, this is the perfection of top down, round based stealth. Big kudos to Klei for making such great use of early access and delivering in any way possible. I highly recommend this game to anyone, since it is an unique experience which never has been realized before, and thus should not be put off with arguments like: ""I didn't like x so i won't like this."". For a description of the actual game i would like to point to either the store page itself or impressions of the game by several let's look at videos, which do the game much more justice than writing details here :)"
,Not Recommended,243970,19869081,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Gingerbread,Found it pretty boring.
,Recommended,243970,23099906,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,t0a0,"xcom is much better, but its still a decent game"
,Recommended,243970,23867374,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Yukari,I've only completed the first caampaign and I love it already.
,Recommended,243970,30341941,Posted: 5 March,all,beinbliss,Good but very short game. Too few missions. Too short story.
76561198005652350,Not Recommended,243970,18563247,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,evopanda,fun game but too short. Story mode was extremely short.... i thought the ending was going to be a transition to part 2 of the game... but nope! just the end.....
,Recommended,243970,17450259,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Pretentieux,Yes.
76561198114911512,Not Recommended,243970,20136535,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Moon_Bunny,Slow paced and frustrating.
,Not Recommended,243970,34491985,Posted: 25 August,all,Kyle,"Game's just too random for me.  I suppose they heavily acknowledge that by letting you rewind, reroll, or otherwise completely retry levels consequence free, but losing because the map rolled unwinable with the setup you've rolled so far isn't fun.Eventually it got more expensive to hack everything, and I kept getting maps without consoles.  Sitting around waiting for power also isn't fun."
76561197967643101,Recommended,243970,24037392,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,DonkeyJockey,"Originally didn't recommend because my savegame got corrupted. Emailed the devs and they rolled out a hotfix for it within a few days. Can't complain, because the game itself was great except for that one issue. 10/10 would invisible again."
76561197983301475,Recommended,243970,17450431,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,RabidUrko,A great turn based tactical spy game with random generated mission setups.Very addictive.
,Recommended,243970,32922203,Posted: 28 June,all,Амфитрион 😕⚔,"Хорошая игра для любителей стэлса, единственный минус очень быстро приедается."
76561197964406097,Not Recommended,243970,11827440,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,The Old Man,"This review is obviously just about the current state of the game.Right now I think this game is highly overprized. Although the mechanics work well and I didn't encounter any bugs there is just not much to do. The so called ""story mode"" isn't worth it's name. There's just a tiny textblock before you are thrown into a mission. And that's pretty much all you do. Start a mission get some money to level up, grab some items and leave the building.  You repeat this until you die. You unlock new characters but right now there seem to be just 4 characters (2 of which you have right from the start).The design seems to be pretty nice but it's highly repetetive as well. Most buildings look pretty much alike, although the rooms are in a different order and stuff like that.I do think this game has potential. With a well made story, FAR more things to unlock than there are right now, and some new textures for buildings and stuff like that, this could be a fun game. But even after all that I think 20€ are quite alot to ask for this."
,Not Recommended,243970,15820889,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Mendacious Calamity,"I enjoyed the first two levels. After that it's just tortuously hard, achieved by simply throwing enemies at you until you fail.It doesn't matter how careful a spy you are, the game fakes a constantly rising threat level so even if you never put a foot wrong, the game will detect you every three or four moves and send another couple of fresh and increasingly well-armed troops to find you. It becomes not so much a game of sneaking, but a game of pathetically dancing around one square on the grid that for some reason no guard ever investigates, until the game decides to send three new guards to that exact spot.Not much fun.Only get this if you actively enjoy almost impossible challenges, even on 'Easy'."
76561198012866584,Not Recommended,243970,23663662,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,ruce,this game is awesomeBut there is not enough content for the price they ask for it.it takes only about 2 hours to pass.
,Not Recommended,243970,15878441,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,GROpwel,"Weakest of the Klei title so far I think... and it hurts to say that.It's a wonderful game, but had I tried it I wouldn't buy it...You can't see crap, the graphic design is not as tight as most of their other games. Trouble seeing where the doors are, where you can or can't go, even if you rotate the view... it gets in the way of enjoyment because my turns take so long to perform... it's just so slow pace, way slower than X-Com and I felt that was slow. And everything is so small, the icons the typo...  I play on my TV so that doesn't help, but then again, all their other games were so perfect. I guess my expectations are way too high now with those guys. and the map are huge and full on difficult right from the get go so there is a lot of failure initially. It doesn't feel fun enough to really squint my eye and read the ton of text and upgrade stuff, where the core gameplay  is not that enjoyable really. It's move to, flick switch, move to, flick switch, get caught, start again...  Well, I only have 2 hours in it but yeah I got other games waiting I guess."
76561198042267552,Not Recommended,243970,17429098,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,「Randy Man Sandy Savage」,Lost interested after 3 missions.
,Not Recommended,243970,23748208,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,EvilLost,"What looks to be an incredibly polished turn based action game is actually hampered by poor UI design and incredibly boring gameplay. Most of the gameplay consisted of just walking from room to room and passing your turn (to get more AP so you can walk to another room).I am a big fan of Klei's other games, and the animation and style is clearly polished, but the gameplay and UI are lacking. I had to refund this one.PROS:-Great art-Good voice acting-Lots of modes (level generation)-Multiple agents with different abilitiesNEUTRAL:-The ""increasing alarm"" system is misguided. I assume the purpose is to make exploration a risk/reward system, but this system (combined with the excessive walk/pass, see below) got on my nerves rather quickly.CONS:-Terrible UI design (NOT intuitive at all)-REALLY boring gameplay. The distances that must be covered are too long, so you will constantly be moving all of your agents, then ending the turn to get more AP, then moving them again, then ending the turn again....SO exciting.-Although different agents existed, their differences were not very clear by reading the stat screens (crappy UI), nor is anything really explained (even starting with the easiest mode).In my first 4 missions there were a number of instances where I had to stand on a particular tile to reveal the presence of a camera across the room, but there is no way to know that ""this"" is the tile to stand on ( as opposed to all the ones next to it)."
,Recommended,243970,25919384,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,DarkVexon,"Invisible, Inc is a work of art. The superb way every attack forces you to calculate moves perfectly, the many varied tazers with hunderds of ways to taze security guards, everything comes together to make what is certainly the greatest security guard sex dungeon game of 2015."
,Recommended,243970,26688850,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Sunsuel,Absolutely in love with this game. I am very surprised by how good this is!
76561197971887513,Recommended,243970,34517709,Posted: 26 August,all,SpiderJerusalam,My video review:https://youtu.be/tmuXU0HRlPo
,Not Recommended,243970,26411858,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,*Yuki*,Heavy fps drops on attack. Saved maps get corrupted for no reason
76561198006048772,Recommended,243970,11785629,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Warr!or,"Good turn based game, Seems stable too for an Early Access Game :-)"
,Recommended,243970,21908519,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Most famous crane,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hEgcM_CzV28Do not make fun of war. You deal with different guys this time. It is not Germany of Afghanistan. George, your troops will be torn into pieces here. 250'000 of elite Iraqi soldiers are here. They will destroy everything they want, they can cross the whole desert in an hour and blow all your destroyers, journalists, diplomats. George you are a cowboy! Stop now! Forget it! Hide bullets in the warehouses away. And forget your daddy. We had one dumbass, he had revenged for his brother and the whole Glory Russian Empire crashed. And another weirdo who had revenged for his grandfather the USSR collapsed after that. And you will repeat these mistakes. Leave your father alone. He has finished his work already. Think about the future of the States, it is collapsing, young people flee from your country. Nobody wants to live in the States, NO ONE! It is a second-hand goods' store. Dollar, dollar, dollar! This is dirty green paper. Soulless! No composers, you have no writers. The whole World listens to Chaikovsky and Dostoevsky. Festivals, sport! Only in Russia. Russia here and Iraq. People love their president here and you are despised. Despised! Your predecessor — Clinton. He had his pants unzipped right in his office! Its all ♥♥♥♥ed up when some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ in the president's cabinet does a blow-job to mr. President. Is it what the USA is all about? Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥shall long. What are you doing out there? Monica! Nothing else metters — president, war, Middle East!♥♥♥♥♥♥suckers all around, handjobbers, ♥♥♥♥♥♥s! George! Watch any cowboy movie look how many dead bodies, blood. Murders here, murders there. Here… I'm talking to you from HERE! Look at the sky — it's Baghdad! Baghdad is not Berlin, is not Kabul. You will never win there as we know local people, we know this president. He is the only one on Earth who tells you to ♥♥♥♥ off. The only one! All others are too afraid in front of you, they stay in the line to bow low before you. And he is the only one who sits there for 11 years. For 11 years he's been resisting you! And you with your ""powerful"" ♥♥♥♥♥♥ economy, your million soldier army, your fleet and missiles can do nothing. You drop bombs daily, you kill children, while the Iraqi soldiers are ready to fight. You are afraid to send your troops there. And you have been afraid for 11 years, your papa had also feared. The apple never falls far from the tree. You will never win there! This will be your fatal fiasco. Napoleon has lost the Waterloo, Hitler has lost the battle for Berlin and you will lose Baghdad. Baghdad is your tomb. You hear me, George — damn cowboy? You need back to Texas, to your ranch. Drive around your empty lands in Jeep and start learning spanish. And New-York will have spoken russian already. We will send another 10 million of Russians to the States and will elect our own President for the US. And you, George, will get a good cell in the Butirka prison. Do you get me? George, you will never be victorious here. All Arabs and Muslims of the world, the whole eastern Europe, Moscow is against you. Moscow doesn't want this war and our President has clearly told you^ do not fire at Baghdad. Let's better blow up Tbilissi together or Baku, or other cities. We will find other targets on the Earth. The Earth is so large — we can sink Australia into the oceans depths if you like. Alright! Wanna see our missiles? Our weapons now… at night our scientists will change gravitation field of the Earth a little bit and your country will be under the water. 24 hours and your whole country will be under the water of the Atlantic and the Pacific oceans. Think about who you are playing with? Think! You forgot what Bonapart's end, Hitler's end was, all others? You will make a historical mistake, your father won't be grateful to you, forget him, your daddy. Your generals tell you not to start war. Still it is not too late! Today is just the 21th of June 1941! But if tomorrow morning you send your fighters to Baghdad it will be your own tomb, you will die in this war. And no one will bury you as you hit the whole country, the whole humanity. 6 billions people do not want this war to happen SIX! SIX BILLION. You ignorant, do you know how to count? One. Two. Three. Four. Five. Six billion. Whole planet is against you. You are the only one who wants war and this♥♥♥♥♥♥— Condoleezza Rice. She is a half-black ♥♥♥♥♥ who needs a good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Send her here, guys of our Taman division will make her satisfied, will make her happy in baraks in one night. She will not want war any more, she will choke in Russian sperm as it will be leaking out of her ears. She is not Monica Lewinsky who has made a single ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. There Condoleezza will be so sucked that she will creep to the US embassy in Moscow on her knees. George, STOP! George, better go to casino, Las Vegas and finish all. All quiet in Baghdad."
,Not Recommended,243970,15878922,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Neurosys420,This and recent shadowrun releases have convinced me that no one currently in game development understands what cyberpunk is.
76561198037813486,Not Recommended,243970,15861923,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Diswin,Disappointment. Stealth elements being destroyed by randomness of roguelike environment. Extremely short campaign designed for multiple replays. Do you enjoy repeating things over and over again? Try some MMO and not Invisible Inc.
76561197968690843,Not Recommended,243970,15835866,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Taserface,Save your money and buy Shadowrun Returns instead.  It's basically Shadowrun Returns minus the guns and a storyline.   Zzzz.
76561198118379814,Not Recommended,243970,11788889,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,BedBound,"Some up's in the game, some downs..+ Fun gameplay+ All the different maps feel unique+ Graphics+ Not at all hard or confusing to get into- Story took just over 5 hours for me- Once you're done with the storymode the game feels really repetitive- No difficult level which makes the game hard at first (didn't play the tutorial though..) but after some hours the game was just way too easy- If you're unlucky with the loots you can really get ♥♥♥♥ed over when you don't have anyone with armor-penetration just because it didn't drop or you couldn't afford itAll in all it's a good game but I just feel it's too expensive for the content."
76561197993638431,Not Recommended,243970,12528700,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Ninety-Three,"Don't get Early Access, wait until the bugs are fixed.The game is great, but intermittently causes rage-inducing total party kills with its bugs. This game isn't Bethesda-buggy, instead there are a few very precise bugs with gameplay. These bugs will get your team killed, on hour 60 of your playthrough, and the only mode of the game is Ironman, so no reloading.  Bugs like armour penetration upgrades not working on armoured enemies, guards shooting instantly instead of going to overwatch, and implants that don't proc when they say they will have all killed playthroughs."
,Not Recommended,243970,30104726,Posted: 22 February,all,John Wasteland,It stresses you out and you don't feel rewarded when pulling something difficult off.
76561198089948384,Not Recommended,243970,30464578,Posted: 11 March,all,RockyJoe,Played for 20 mins and got nowhere. Tutorial and turned based play not user friendly.
76561197993006518,Not Recommended,243970,14261009,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Shepherd,"Imagine turn based Metal Gear Solid - but where if you're spotted by a guard the campaign is lost. Oh, also, imagine each level is randomised so sometimes there is nothing you can do but be spotted based on the roll of a dice."
76561197989610932,Not Recommended,243970,18480398,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,nitherean,"This is a game that was on my wishlist.  I enjoyed the introduction to the game and the backdrop.  That was about as much fun as I was going to have in the game.  Highly disappointed! :(The game is beautiful artwork and runs smoothly.  It opens and gives the player a basic tutorial on actions and abilities.But what really kills the fun is the inability to take all these high tech toys and abilities and do something useful.  When you start a level, you know only that your objective is somewhere in the game area and you have to search for it.  You can hack cameras, unlock safes, and disable drones that wander around.  You know what would be useful?A MAP OF WHERE THE OBJECTIVE IS LOCATION!That way, my operatives can move quickly to the location instead of fumbling around like keystone cops.  I know, sounds like an intelligent idea; to bad people in 2074 do not have those....Then there are the guards.  How they move about reminds me of ""Commando: Behind Enemy Lines"".  Unlike Commandos, my operatives have some sort of moral streak against killing guards.  Yes, they will not kill people, but steal their stuff and beat them up, that's OK.  The operatives start off as enemies of the state.  And the guards whom your up against are more than happy to kill youer operatives.Again, the game has many nice qualities.  But not  knowing where to go quickly nor neutralizing the guards enough not to be an issue later, is more aggrivating then fun.If Steam allowed for a 'maybe' option, I'd go for that.  If someone asked, I would explain things and help with what ever questions from my limited experience.  I just did not have fun with it.  Maybe it'll be fun for them!"
76561198047947816,Not Recommended,243970,13675544,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Renewablefrog,"Not a fan, you are given so little turns to scout the area and find what you need to that oftenly I fail because the alert gets so damn high. This causes that even though turn based action could give you the time to plan you really dont get it."
76561198130268469,Not Recommended,243970,15823218,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,skyhrg,"I know this is rare and perhaps ""not the company's fault"" but I'm getting a dll error and I cannot get a refund. Literally, I cannot start the game no matter what. Something about 32bit 64bit dll compatibility error...?"
76561197971036665,Not Recommended,243970,15156063,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,john,"ran game, tutorial ran fine, once i start single player game just goes to black screen when you load a mission, looked on dev`s forum seems to be a problem for a few others aswell, seems like nice concept sadly not working for me even though i have correct specifications"
76561198243895768,Not Recommended,243970,30567965,Posted: 17 March,all,mohpish,"I have just played through the first mission after the tutoria and I must say it's vague, extremely hard and boring... with limited story, random map generations, above-average graphics at best and not an engaging gameplay it's no fun for hardcore gamers"
,Not Recommended,243970,31338167,Posted: 24 April,all,Phishfood,Not a fan of the rogue-like elements in this game. The game feels suffocating and stressful than it is fun and rewarding.
76561198047233776,Not Recommended,243970,15875944,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,44,Never seen so ugly gameplay mechanics.
76561198143166337,Not Recommended,243970,25094485,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,optoabhi,Have been looking for stealth-turn based tactics game. Have to say I really wanted to like this game.-----------------------------------[1] Extremely steep learning curve[2] Little to No documentation[3] No Adaptive difficulty[4] Interface is Ok not mind blowing[5] AI is good but should be designed to adapt to players pace (refer [3])[6] Good concept but fails to ignite the passion to give another go because of [1][7] Half baked game design there are no patterns to plan your strategy
,Not Recommended,243970,22264561,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Bob_n_Steve,"just, bad"
,Not Recommended,243970,15851589,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Cantide,words
,Not Recommended,243970,22806960,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Dano,"Game is super overrated. It's cool in a lot of regards but the whole ""it's a campaign, sort of, but your supposed to play it over and over again"" is really lame IMO. It's not a survival game like don't starve.. It should be a tactical, stealth, story driven game. I was told this was Xcom, just rogue like. It's not at all. It's a mini game with very little substance.I don't really understand why it would be that much harder for Klei to make a real campaign, with slow story developments. Perhaps DLC?It just feels totally stupid to care about your characters or make meaningful decisions when the games ends like right after you start it.. Tetris you are supposed to play over and over, I get it.. But in Tetris you don't level up and make choices just to have them all start over again anyways the next time you play..."
,Not Recommended,243970,26722778,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Τίτος Αλεπού,"Difficulty spikes like ♥♥♥♥ing crazy, even worse then in X-Com, even on the beginner it`s not easy nowhere near itAlso when you fail the last thing you hear is a ♥♥♥♥♥ from the delevoper`s team telling you that she will see you in hell♥♥♥♥ing amazing, eat my ♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,243970,30980964,Posted: 6 April,all,brian.sherlock,Would it be such a bad thing to let you customise your own character? Game might be ok but I can't get into a game where I play a pre-made.
76561198004570493,Not Recommended,243970,15858909,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,AltF4,"Game: Objectives: Get out alive.Me: Got out alive.Game: ""What the **** were you doing!? I told you to get the programs!""Me: *facepalm*"
,Not Recommended,243970,13842442,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,littlemanbmc360,IT WONT RUN
76561198082959567,Not Recommended,243970,32041906,Posted: 29 May,all,BurgerKrieg,"A 2D stealth game that relies on line of sight as one of its core mechanics. Because of the way the players view is presented, a 3 quarter view, it's actaully pretty confusing and frustrating trying to figure out line of sight.So yeah, that's a big problem. Why they went with this is probably due to thew fact that it's also a mobile title. If you want to get it to function on as many platforms as possible without a headache, that's probably a good call.The only slight issue is that it ruins the game."
,Recommended,243970,26601451,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Moderately-Sized Wayne,It's impossible to play this game without getting a massive erection. Even for girls.
76561198118906980,Not Recommended,243970,13832375,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,myke,Too hard
76561198032754383,Not Recommended,243970,12562468,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,DolanDog,I can't see much appeal for this game. The controls are average the levels feel not properly thought out and visually its nothing special at all.
,Not Recommended,243970,14614387,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Teftel,To indie to enjoy.
,Recommended,243970,23693599,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,¥.J.MäLm§†££ñ ®,───────────────────████───────────────────█████───────────────────██████───────────────────███████──────────────────████████──────────────────████████─────────────────█████████────────────────█████████───────────────█████████──────────────█████████──────────────██████████████████────────────█████████████████████───────────███████████████████████████████─██████████████████████████████████─███████████████████████████████████─████████████████████████████████████─████████████████████████████████████─████████████████████████████████████─████████████████████████████████████─███████████████████████████████████─██████████████████████████████████─█████████████████████████████████─████████████████████████████████─███████████████████████
,Recommended,243970,11842041,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Penguin Pounder,"it had pizza hut in the third level as a room 10/10 and i better get that promotion klei.... This was two years ago but now they definitly upgraded the game. this time it has neds pizza parlor, it definitly has good food and has bread sticks,thank you again for klei for giving me this great pizza sim. you play as a man that is overweight and is sneaking around town to get a pizza but not be seen by his wife or her other boyfirends(they have an open relationship)if you do grab the pizza you have to make it back to your car and play a small mini game of you scoffing down the pizza as fast as you can(i think it was copied straight out of CC) anyways it was a great game if you want to play a 10/10 pizza sim.and i really love the klei made the main character there boss! thanks for the sponsor klei see you in 2 more years."
76561198074979904,Not Recommended,243970,25783635,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,eon,"Unfortunately, I must go against the masses and say I ended up uninstalling Invisible soon after I bought it. I found the artwork and athmosphere to be too childish and naive. It's not that I dislike cartoonish style as such. But Invisible Inc was just too ""Disney"" for me. Together with a lack of a good storyline noted by many other reviewers, the game just did not have the backbone to make it worth my time. The strategic mechanics, while fun, failed to make up for complete lack of immersion in the game world. I would pick up something like Frozen Synapse over Invisible Inc any day. It is too bad since I really wanted to like this one... Sorry!"
76561197973322359,Not Recommended,243970,29553583,Posted: 28 January,all,skywalkrz,I'm sorry but any game where you cannot restart a level when you make a mistake; where you're forced to start the whole game over from scratch or lose one of your characters forever is beyond ridiculous.  Deleted game on the second level.
76561198050865043,Not Recommended,243970,30433712,Posted: 10 March,all,issssk,Frustrating. Only way to win a mission is to be psychic or rewind constantly.
,Not Recommended,243970,11818360,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Буревестник,"Despite what pro-gamers may write here, I've struggled to get into this game.The graphics and the idea is rather nice. However, it is not very accessible - very little explanation of how something works and why it doesn't.Too often you are having to click repeatitively around the screen for something which works.You are a walking by objects which look like you ought to be able to interact with them but don't.Money is used both to level up your agents and to buy equipment - does that even make sense??Equipment cannot be bought between missions, only during missions - so you go to a shop computer and instantly get your items during the mission?This is a complete RIP-OFF - I cannot believe such an underhatched, halfmade game is being sold at all. Will spend lots of my spare time making sure it gets as much bad PR through the net as possible. Do not buy this!"
76561197975037303,Not Recommended,243970,30843206,Posted: 30 March,all,kgeakin,This game is an absolute piece of crap!
,Not Recommended,243970,31797187,Posted: 16 May,all,kimkiao,AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHJHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHF GOOOOOD
76561198058925509,Recommended,243970,17684011,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Tobi59678,"If you like mission impossible and Xcom, you will love this game"
,Recommended,243970,30437828,Posted: 10 March,all,certezax,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ I found a good game
76561198008414638,Recommended,243970,30434238,Posted: 10 March,all,ricardo,Great game but way too short. Totally worth it if on sale.
76561197968229441,Recommended,243970,11846603,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,MaGiX,"...Very promising approach. Played the first tutorial mission. Players that favor turn based games will probably not be disappointed. Oldschooler, I played all X-Coms, Jagged Alliance series, The Clou and Syndicate. Invisible Inc. is a very entertaining but very hard to play game.Actually, I tried one of the first mission for three times and was not able to win the mission, instead I lost both agents, just one false move is enough and your game is spoiled. If you have time and do not need to progress in a game right away, challenging Invisible Inc. might just be the right game for you, if you are new to this genre and if you want to get some reward from playing a game, you may look on and forget about Invisible Inc.For me, I would like to recommend the game and will give it more tries. (Sums) Thumb's up :-)"
,Recommended,243970,11900733,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,chainlinkspiral,One of the more complete early access games to date. Klei has a unique winner here. Turn-based procedural squad based stealth sneak-em-up. I look forward to playing with the monthly updates and chartings its progress. Very good times.
,Recommended,243970,11891416,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Rocky,"Invisible Inc is a wonderfully created stealth game, however if your agent is dead then they are lost forever. This makes the characters fell more important and to keep them safe. This game excells in stealth, hacking procedures, and KOs to the guards. This game requires maximum planning and to be on the top of everything; miss a detail and you'll be sent to the graveyard.I give this game 9.5/10"
76561198043878459,Recommended,243970,11893015,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,crocodiledundee,"This game is freaking already great. I am looking forward to the next update, but how can you improve an awesome, freaking brilliant game?I am not a fan of turn based games. Usually I get frustrated with the slowness of the game. However Invisible inc has kept me on my toes, by thinking how can i get out of this room surrounded by guards without been caught or seen.My only complaint is that the missions are repetitive and I rather have experience for leveling up the charaters (even though it is permanate death) rather than spend my money.All and all this is a freaking awesome game that takes a lot of patients and thinking about the next move before hand. 50.934124 out of 51."
76561198108329432,Recommended,243970,11895823,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,lady2isis,"++PROS++- Interesting game concept- Alot of ""make 1 wrong move and you die"", which may appeal to some players- Graphics are crisp and clean--CONS--- Although each level is randomly generated, gameplay can get repetitive after a few hours- Game is missing that ""bond"" between you and the spies in the game- Voice over needs a bit more workFINAL RECOMMENDATION: It's a GOOD game, but 100% NOT WORTH buying at $15.99 in my humble opinion. Wait for sale!"
,Recommended,243970,11896181,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,gleb_vga,"For an Early Access game, this is very good. It's not only playable, but enjoyable for a long time. I like the visual style and the way levels are generated. The story and the ""secrets"" are yet to be seen, but I'm not very good at this game yet, maybe they'll be further along the way into the game. Still, gameplay is wonderful."
,Recommended,243970,11878866,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Ransmi,"Great game, strategic, fun, reminding of Don't Starve, one of the first games by klei, same permadeath concept."
76561198103780637,Recommended,243970,11878877,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,zachwalt,"I love this game, it is so fun. Unfortunately, as much as it is fun, it is twice as hard, and three times more unforgiving. GREAT Game. neeeds work. thats why its in beta still. LOVE it though."
76561198001782276,Recommended,243970,11878896,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,CommanderJak,"Xcom meets Mark of the Ninja.This game is a gem that is getting polished bit by bit.GAMEPLAY:Stealth Combat: Challenging but without the frustration of random number generators (abilities have cooldowns instead). Hide behind doors and desks, distract guards, and knock them out for a few turns before they regain consciousness.Hacking: Manage your energy power vs the cost of hacking into firewalls. You can gain from dispensed terminals in a level and from producing it yourself based on the particular tool you decide to use (ex. Power Drip = +1 power/turn vs Power Fusion = -5 power + 3 power for 4 turns)Fast-Paced: Every turn you spend in a level, the Alert meter fills up. There are 6 Levels in the meter with various consequences (ex. Level 1 Alert = more cameras turned on, Level 2 = added firewalls)Various Objectives: Rescue prisoners from detention cells, steal artifacts and cash from corporate vaults (my favorite), steal advanced gadgets and equipment, steal corporate intelligence; then make it back to the extraction point.RPG ELEMENTS:Characters: +4 characters to choose from each with their own unique abilities and stats (ex. cloak vs rifle). 4 Different Statistical upgrades which include Stealth, Hacking, Inventory, Anarchy. Each level of a stat gives a character an additional benefit (ex. Stealth = +1 to movement points).Incognita: Upgrade the hacking tool you use on a mission when you pull up the tactical 'incognita' map interface.ART & ANIMATION:Just look at the screenshots above. Animation is basic with more fluidity and variety to come (early access).NOW I'm just waiting on technical and balance refinements and additional story elements.9/10"
,Recommended,243970,11909201,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Achilles,This game has got me crazy hooked. mad props to the developers. One thing i'd like to note is that the 5 AP for the prisoner rescue is just ridiculous. and he has no running ability. I reached the final rescue mission. The dude was literally one move away from the elevator... AND DIED. So much rage. so so much rage.Other than that. This game is 10/10. Cant wait for the full release!
76561198065656911,Recommended,243970,11910208,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Frogurt97,"This game is hard.You control spies trying to make money and secure data by choosing where to break into through the use of a world map. You choose your spies, and the perks which each one has to be able to suceed at whatever your doing, which is very hard.A compelling game though frustrating at times when melee reaction does not work or you forget at the end of a turn the default selection resets to charachter 1 who you then make run into the gunfire of a guard thinking you were telling charachter 2, who was spotted, to run into cover.=P Lots of fun!"
,Recommended,243970,11910750,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,baalroo,"This is one of those games that you didn't know you wanted someone to make, but as soon as you see it you can't believe you haven't always wanted it to be a thing someone was making.It's a bit odd that it isn't made more apparent that this is a rogue-like, but it is. I know, right? If you weren't aware of this fact I bet your interest-o-meter just moved a notch or two in one direction or the other. If it ticked upwards, just buy the game because I'm certain that you'll enjoy it. On the other hand, if you're not a fan of rogue-likes just ignore everything I've said because my opinion is going to be of little to no worth to you anyway."
,Recommended,243970,11997826,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,DomEReapeR,"It actually kind of blew my mind how great this game turned out to be, every single mission is TENSE as hell, and it's really hard, you're probably not gonna win it on your first playthrough. But that's what's great about it, you're meant to play it several times, just like The Binding of Isaac or FTL.My only gripes as of now are that there are too few items, every map looks the same and you can't manage your inventory to give an item from one agent to another, but hopefully these things will all be adressed before or at release!What I would like is more variation in the rooms/buildings you find yourself in, and maybe even outdoor parts that vary between night and day depending on where in the world you are at what time, daytime making stealth harder in some way.Either way, for the price, even in early access, this game is absolutely worth it, I'll trust the developers to take fan opinions into consideration when adding more features to the game."
76561198107467788,Recommended,243970,11984709,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,BonBon =BMR=,"So happy to see an early access game that isn't sh!t. In fact, it's  amazing! Love the art style, UI, story, gameplay...everything."
,Recommended,243970,11987314,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Hyp3r,Really fun and insanely difficult but it gives a satisfying feeling of invincibility when you pull of the ultimate escape with 5 guards closing in! Definitely worth a buy.
,Recommended,243970,11970841,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Ridiculi,"By far one of the best experiences I've had with the Early Access Program. An incredibly unique and challenging take on the stealth genre that is quite possibly one of the best turn-based strategy games I've ever played, and I like me some turn-based strategy games, I tell you what!"
,Recommended,243970,11973313,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Jack,"The art, sound and design are all fantastic! I reccomend it now especially since there are difficulty settings."
,Recommended,243970,11974409,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,NOPper,"Interesting take on turn based stealth. I was worried before I tried it that the stealth would be too twitchy and hard to manage, but in the vein of XCOM I rarely feel like the game screwed me, and failure is always my fault. The upgrade system is cool, and there is already a nice selection of items to haul around and play with. The XP unlock of new characters/items from games I've failed is a nice surprise as well.For early access, it's already fun. Linux support promised down the road too!Also, screw security drones..."
76561197996301972,Recommended,243970,11965955,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Zaraktul,"Unexpected gameplay, very smart and it builds your blood pressure each turn you play."
76561198046986073,Recommended,243970,11966526,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Firefly,"Have good potential, but still bored and empty"
76561198049245659,Recommended,243970,21409075,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Cubano,"I recommend this game to everyone who likes tactical turn base games.In this game you lead a team of agents on their revenge on corporations, you have to chose your tagets from few available missions and then complete objectives and run away with loot.There is also endless mode in which difficulty goes up and game will never end, unless you fail and all your agents die.While on mission you have to balance between stunning/killing guards or simply avoiding them. It is a nice tactical choice, killing is easy, but raises alarm level and reduces money gains from missions while stunning will require you to carry guard bodies and watch them not to wake up too early.On top of that you have to use AI at your disposal to hack objects like cameras, drones, safes and manage resource for hacking which is Power.There is first DLC for this game but I haven't tested it yet.I haven't seen any bugs, there are a lot of options to tweak difficulty level and plenty of game modes."
76561198002123832,Recommended,243970,21379537,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,bacon,"Transport beams powering up. Prepare for disintegration. And re-integration of course.Thanks, Incognita."
76561198259503133,Recommended,243970,21405873,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,moo,"Really fun game.  It is surprisingly fresh considering the genre.  No level is ever the same and there are plenty of wrinkles to keep it interesting.  Game is well balanced.I only have one complaint.  There is no boss key!  How am I supposed to play this at work???? ;-)One thing that stands out is performance.  It always amazes me how slow games are these days.  Not Invisible Inc. , it performs as you would expect on a laptop with modest specs.  These days even crap like cardgames run slower than some website in north korea.  Thanks guys for writing this, you know, like engineers."
76561197970565750,Recommended,243970,21384649,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,FearoftheDomo-Kun,"Invisible, Inc.Just the name! Look at it! Beautiful. The entire game is so sleek. Great design. Fun gameplay. Buy it. Buy it now! Next best TBS after XCOM2."
76561198025028631,Recommended,243970,21430228,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Hoarse John,Good
,Recommended,243970,21490436,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,heRu,"Invisible Inc. was my debut on the stealth TBS game, though I'm an old fan of both plain TBS (since Final Fantasy Tactics) and stealth (since Commandos).This one is an awesome game. It has a cool and stylish visual, a good soundtrack and well worked voice acting.It packs quite a punch on the chalenge matter until you get a firm grasp on the mechanics, at which points it will be just hard, but not too much.Gameplay feels intuitive.It has a good replay value, depending on your affection for challenge, achievents and experimenting with different setups.One bad aspects of the game is the ocasional cluttered interface, that places some important buttons over a movable title, possible leading to misclicks. It can be overcame by simply rotating the camera, but it's there anyway.The other downside is that the campaing will get old really quickly, expecially if start playing on any difficulty but Expert. You will probably have all the character's lines memorized by then,,,Wrapping it up: great game, with original gameplay, nice artwork, decent difficulty and good replay value.Get it!"
76561197960884797,Recommended,243970,21437273,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,[THC] Brad,This is an amazing turn based game. Lovely. I'd buy more.
76561198023019827,Recommended,243970,16732160,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,buttonmasher,"Overall: GoodLikes:- Turn-based tactical stealth game- Each round, you are free to choose from a random selection of missions- Procedurally generated levels- Randomized loot- Difficulty settings are very customizable- Has endless mode and time attack mode- Pretty challengingDislikes:- Not quite enough variety.  Based on the mission type and difficulty level, you know what types of enemies you will encounter, and generally what to expect"
76561198121287235,Recommended,243970,28313695,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Frojoe,"Invisible Inc is an intense turn based strategy game about infiltrating corporations and staying alive. You start off with two agents (you can get more as the game progresses) who have limited resources and, quite frankly, are pretty weak. As you infiltrate facilities, you can buy new gear, augments (which are basically power ups) and programs for your AI, Incognita. For a turn based strategy, it is rather fast paced. The alarm level escalates slowly even if you aren’t spotted in your turn which adds an extra layer of pressure to the game play.PROS:The graphics are great. They are cartoony, but the style works perfectly with the darker, ominous, cyberpunk look of the surroundings.It is challenging, even on the beginner difficulty. This is a pro because it is a lot more rewarding when you complete a mission that you have previously failed.The controls are easy. It takes a while to adjust to the gameplay, but the controls are very easy to pick up and use.There is a wide variety of gear. It is not limited to guns and tasers, there is a variety of other gadgets like adrenalin shots, distraction devices and even an EMP.The gameplay outside the mission is engaging. You have to choose targets around the world, buy/sell items from your contact and manage your agents.The voice actors are great. There is no shortage of dialogue in this game and it adds a lot the ste personality of some simple animations (my personal favorite is Monst3r)As you get stronger/faster/more efficient, the guards will to. You will encounter guards with armor and augments of their own. There are even drones that you can hack.The game is very entertaining/addicting. It’s worth the money, you will come back to the game time and time again.CONS:The gameplay is relatively short. There is plenty to do in the game, but once you complete beginner difficulty, the missions in experienced mode are the same except for the added difficulty. If you buy it with Contingency Plan, you won’t have this problem.Though the worlds are randomly generated, there isn’t a huge variety of how your surroundings look. There are four very subtle changes (they vary depending what corporation you’re infiltrating) but otherwise, the setting is the same.Fundamentally, the game is phenomenal. I would highly recommend it. Put it on your wishlist and get it when it goes on sale. It’s thoroughly entertaining and worth every penny."
,Recommended,243970,30977873,Posted: 6 April,all,go_oh,"Entertaining but a bit short. I particularly like the comic graphics. I finished it on Beginner in just about 13 hours. Not sure about replay value after knowing the game mechanics. It's a turn based stealth game. There is a couple different mission types to go through until you reach the final level. Each missions increases in difficulty with time. You need to run your agents through the mission to solve a particular quest and then flee the location. The levels can have side missions. Usually you will need about 30 to 60 minutes per mission, which roughly equals 15 to 30 turns. You gain money and items on the missions to improve your agents. Or you can go on rescue missions to find more agents. I don't think anything you do during a mission has any impact storywise. At least, I did not notice anything. I feel the game could have been more if the story had been, well, a story instead of just a loose bracket around the missions. Also, the characters are a lost opportunity for making the game more interesting if they somehow would impact on gameplay. But they are basically just the same statbags. Still a good game if you can get it for a bargain price."
76561198027423165,Recommended,243970,29517243,Posted: 27 January,all,Determinor,"I feel like every single turn after the alarm level is at 2 is a turn where I get wiped out completely and get a gamer over screen.It's exhilirating.It's really hard, yet never unfair, as you yourself cause all your problems."
76561198012244065,Recommended,243970,16996259,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,oldskoolgreenie,"Addictive, intense and clever. Love it."
,Recommended,243970,17022863,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Austin,"If you've enjoyed either X-COM or Mark of the Ninja, then you'll definitely enjoy this gem. The sheer variety of interesting stealth and combat puzzles it winds up generating is amazing, giving it fantastic replayability. Plus, the different forms of hacking have fantastic theming (esp. the patience-rewarding Parasite program), of which I hope other developers will take notice."
76561198045307358,Recommended,243970,16729255,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Dracohey,GOTY
,Recommended,243970,16946769,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,christopherdknight,"I bought this game on a whim, and honestly didn't have high hopes for it.  I was blown away by how fun it is though.  The game is challenging without being frustrating."
,Recommended,243970,16431320,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Pawa,Touch support is a lot better since last patch! Thanks for this guys! This game (and KLEI) rocks!
76561198067425684,Recommended,243970,18906271,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,ThaumaturgeParrot,"Invisible Inc. is an excellent game. The cubist graphics are sleek and really fit the game style. The game allows you to set the difficulty so there's tons of replay value, especially for achievement hunters and completionists. The game has great controls and keybinds for easier infiltrations, and a cool background story as well."
,Recommended,243970,18969205,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,neostrider2003,"This game is great.  Its rules are easier to learn than most procedural games, The stealth feels more realistic than other stealth video games. Enemies who see you are so slow to forget that usually the whole map has gotten harder due the alarm level effect. I never lost a game where I felt I'd been cheated.  The characters are each interesting and memorable. The story is simple but tense. They've been updating new content into the game after release, which is very nice of them.  I cannot wait for the DLC which expands the story and adds even more to the game."
76561198089402095,Recommended,243970,30565203,Posted: 17 March,all,MegaAmpen®@youtube,"Slightly recommended.This game is turn-based and about stealth, and about break-ins to support your struggle against different companies, break-ins you do at those companies. the options available differ somewhat though, and maps seem to be generated for each run, so there's no risk running into the same map twice, not at least from what I've experienced.The agents at your disposal differ some at the beginning, upgrades (augmentations) can make them differ alot though, upgrading their skill can make them more similar if that's your choice, or make them even more specialized, should you wish for that.While playing, you have 2-4 agents, depending on earlier missions, to execute your objectives, and to help you you have some sort of AI that allows you to hack different terminals, safes etc. The game plays out really well in my opinion, and the only issue actually is the amount of missions. You should know before purchasing this game that the campaign isn't more than 7 missions or so, wich might seem a bit short.Replayability lies in playing different difficulty modes, and of course playing the different difficulties in iron man mode as well. There's also other modes in general, as some type of time trial. Although, if you're picking this up for playing the campaign, waiting for a sale might be recommended. Somewhat overpriced considering that.If you, on the other hand, won't be bothered by exploring the different difficulty levels as the way to get your game time in this game, then by all means, pick it up full price. I do however think that even for those players, waiting for a sale is a good move."
76561198024192161,Recommended,243970,18490317,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,TechnoMancer,This game is like xcom but with cartoon like graphics. Perfect for my mid-range laptop when i need a turn based rpg fixed. Thanks Klei for making another great title!
76561197982108688,Recommended,243970,18361339,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,crrraayzy banana,"Another Masterpiece of Klei Entertainment.If you like turnbased games and want to infiltrate evil megacorps in the future, this is for you!"
76561198127261472,Recommended,243970,18318677,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Amazingchedda,I'd have never thought a turn based stealth game could actually be a thing. Not to mention a thing that is as extremely well put together and fun as Invisible Inc. Every decision and mistake has weight in this game and no playthrough is ever the same. I wholly recommend it. With all my heart.
,Recommended,243970,18584875,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,ddaily,"Wow, great game. Tons of replay value on this one. The story itself is kind of short overall, but you can just keep playing with more and more interesting tech, agents, and gadgets. Highly recommend this one."
76561198348747455,Recommended,243970,30581551,Posted: 17 March,all,paulptaylor,"If you're willing to put the time in, this is one of the most rewarding games I've played on Steam. But be warned - it is brutally (brutally!!) hard and totally unforgiving.Starting from a fairly simple design, the game's complexities soon reveal themselves. The way the tension is racked up as the security level rises and more and more guards are spawned makes the whole experience a bit of a heart-pounder - good luck when the level gets to 6!I never really saw the point of roguelike games before, but this game has made me a believer. Every level is procedurally generated, making each game completely unique. If you can keep patient and not pull your hair out in frustration, there are hours upon hours of thrilling gameplay here, for a fraction of the price of the big releases."
76561198092777718,Recommended,243970,18729475,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,ShowNoMERCY,"a fantastic innovative game, loved it on my first go and my second and my third ect this game has great replay value! a very original idea which on paper sounded strange but in the end worked perfectly."
76561197975704386,Recommended,243970,18770091,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Calian1981,"It is a very well designed game in both: mechanics and art . It is thrilling and motivating, but not stressfull because of it s round-based play.A surprise in every way. Please,  more of it!!!"
76561197968831329,Recommended,243970,18576470,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Heretic_LOD,This...game...is....awesome.
,Recommended,243970,18588837,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,leafy101,Great game
,Recommended,243970,18678090,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,S37,"A seriously good turn based stealth game.Don't go in expecting something like XCOM with a long campaign, think of it more like a roguelike with a short but very challenging campaign.It takes a bit of time to get to grips with the systems behind the game, but it's worth it."
,Recommended,243970,18807169,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Noirliske,"My second most favorte game this year and again a rouge-like! Beautiful graphics, clean UI, enough story to get you invested but not enough to get you distracted from the gameplay. And the gameplay is polished, easy to learn and so much fun! Definitelly recommending this one!"
76561197973366165,Recommended,243970,18219670,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Haohmaru,"This game is absolutely fantastic and is the most addictive game I've played since FTL. I'm not even into stealth games but everything about this game, from the gameplay, graphic style, music and sound effects all come together to build a tense, edge of your seat experience.I've had so many close call heroic victories in this game and also heart breaking defeats. Highlights include having my agent surrounded by guards and using a cloak modded with an electric burst, knocking them all out. Another time on the final mission a critical character was shot by guards but I was able to purchase a med gel and revive him, all the while Shalem shot dead several of the guards. Overall it's hard to explain what's so good, it's just worth playing.Only negatives for me are as follows:- don't play on beginner difficulty it's far too easy with 5 rewinds per level- it's too easy to unlock all agents and programs! Would like to have been made to work harder.- it took me a while to get used to the action point system including the fact that opening/closing doors doesn't cost any points. It seems a bit strange and there's rarely a good reason to leave a door open. It breaks the flow of the game a bit having to close them all the time and annoying when you forget to.Overall please bring on the DLC I'll happily lap it up!!"
,Recommended,243970,18245152,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,JigglyBluff,"I fell in love with this studio when Mark of the Ninja exploded in popularity. Yet again here we are with another fantastic title from Klei Entertainment. I liked Invisible Inc. before I even played it because I'm a huge dork and a sucker for puns. The whole game feels like a giant super-spy chess match, and the charming graphics and fluid gameplay make it a must-have."
,Recommended,243970,18192104,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Sartorius,"Fun while it lasted. Unique gameplay, but could have used more variety in mission types."
76561198007409592,Recommended,243970,18250306,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Ulfgar Ardo,"This is excellent. Simple, smart, looks and plays great. Highly addictive. Stealth done very right. Also hard in the right way."
76561198071224552,Recommended,243970,19113857,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Goggle King,"I love the art, the gameply, and the format.  Godd stuff."
,Recommended,243970,19094830,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Kyslosh,"Great purchase :), almost done it on first try (final mission - advanced mode). Didnt understand hide - mechanics that well.Worth every penny! - I dont write a lot of reviews but when I do, I see ""extreme"" in this case very good game."
76561198177756078,Recommended,243970,19107418,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,cnelebi,Great game. Addicting. Challenging. Sometimes frustrating...
76561198001301946,Recommended,243970,19108569,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Arkayne,Game of the Year and then some. Incredibly well done PC game.
76561198074196220,Recommended,243970,17557260,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Grincer,"The campaign on beginner difficulty took me 11 hours, a little short but still good value for the price. Since it has a great replayability value. It's  like XCOM Enemy Unkown, but without the cumbersome base operations. Invisible Inc. just let's you focus on managing and upgrading your team. For me this is stealth tactical squad based gaming with RPG elements at it's best. And the permadeath for the team members does add that caring element to it, I just want this team to survive the mission together."
,Recommended,243970,17748005,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,zulu,"I haven't heard of Klei Entertainment ever before until I bought and played Don't Starve. I enjoyed it, but it was a grueling survival game.Then my friend showed me Invisible, Inc. at his place.I wasn't interested then. But I am now. 100.1 hours and counting.As another reviewer said, Invisible, Inc. is the love child of XCOM and FTL, two games which I thoroughly enjoyed. Get it if you like procedurally generated levels (infinite replayability) with a greatly refined turn-based scheme."
,Recommended,243970,17641050,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Gaddafi,Gr8 combat system and very addictive...
76561198209139139,Recommended,243970,17777407,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,davidhut1977,Awesome
76561198036261453,Recommended,243970,17796748,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,per.ludos.vita,"A gorgeous, well-put together blend of stealth, espionage, and turn-based strategy where every single move can mean the difference between a successful mission and failure. Highly recommended!"
76561198037663712,Recommended,243970,17816536,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,GuaranaJones,"Good game. But pretty short. Bummer. Still, good game."
,Recommended,243970,17839602,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Sabmac,"Slick, fun, charismatic. Easy to learn, hard to master. One of the best games I've played this year."
76561197964451368,Recommended,243970,17541733,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,bonega,Amazing game. Buy it!
,Recommended,243970,17542105,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Preatoria,"This game is one of the best turn based strategy game I've played in a long time.The whole sneaking element is also very well thought through.The only down side for me, is the time it takes to do a single playthrough, which is quite short."
76561197973818633,Recommended,243970,17544767,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,dubcee,I wish Xcom had this game's interface.
76561198088838022,Recommended,243970,17670901,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Idubbbz The Yoga Hoser,"This is my favorite Stealth/Strategy game. I like how it's turn based, so you're not in a rush, and I also like how you can win the game just by planning out your moves and not being seen. This is a great game. I would recommend Invisible Inc."
,Recommended,243970,17677506,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,PC3,Deus Ex: Human Revolution meets X-COM in a good way :)
76561198153594493,Recommended,243970,17856897,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,CrabNicholson,"If you like tactical games like Xcom, make sure you check this out. It's much more casual than most games in the genre, but still very fun."
76561198124152136,Recommended,243970,16607542,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,jmarekcv,"I'm a fan of roguelike and strategy games, and this game does an especially good job with its gameplay.The game features randomized levels, enemies, items, and other game elements.  Normally, after I play through similar games, I think of ways to the randomness could be changed to improve the game, but Invisible Inc balances the random elements so well that I'd rather they not change it.The gameplay overall is fun and addictive.  The main improvements I'd have liked would be a nicer user interface and an easier way to skip dialogue that I've already seen dozens of times.  With that being said, I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,243970,11938144,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Angry_Faic,"This game, even in this incredibly early beta state, is tons of fun. It is basically a turn-based stealth strategy game that involves breaking into precedurally generated levels, taking as much stuff as you can, and then escaping with some sort of new toy to make the harder levels viable. This game is punishing. If you like games like Fire Emblem or XCom you will definitely dig this and I eagerly await the finished product. Gold star to Klei for knocking it out of the park again after Don't Starve.UPDATE: The full version was released recently for pre-purchasers and I am happy to announce that the finished product is quality. The game is getting released in a couple of days and it is worth your time and money. There are stylistic cutscenes, new objectives, a cohesive story, and a custom campaign mode on top of new characters and abilities that have been trickling out since early access. Definitely worth the price of admission."
76561197965520312,Recommended,243970,16743330,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,LUMPERChocolate,"If you like XCOM, you'll like this."
76561198093518754,Recommended,243970,16743610,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Lick lick lick mah balls,for some reason invisible inc stopped working for me at the start of 2015i load it up and as soon as the tab opens it closesoverall though its a very good game. its fun and addicting
,Recommended,243970,16197384,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Rumblefish,Like turn-based and stealth games? You want this. 'Nuff said.
76561198025318503,Recommended,243970,19697994,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,VegaTron,"Great rogue-like stealth TBS team tactical. What a mouthful. It reminded me a lot of an old game, Shadow Watch.The only thing I find missing is  a story.Then again, since every map is generated, every battle is a new challenge."
76561198000801617,Recommended,243970,30646661,Posted: 20 March,all,boyd42,"This is very fun Turn Based Espionage game. It seem like a cross between “Archer”, “The Incredibles” and “Blade Runner”. Each time I play I get sucked into the futuristic “James Bond” feel. I get thrilled when the guards are just around the corner, will they see my agent? Can my agents just sneak by while their backs are turned? The game has a lot of replayability. Each level is randomly generated, kind of like Diablo, so you get a different map every time. You get to rescue agents, which gives you more team members to work with, and I hate leaving members behind. I bought it a couple days ago and I can’t stop playing. I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,243970,19645669,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,jeo,Really good
76561198042948858,Recommended,243970,19725840,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Stevie_GoodGravy,"One of the best turn-based strategy games I've come across.  If you're a perfectionist/completionist gamer, Invisible Inc. is an ideal choice due to the multitude of unlockable upgrades/characters/weapons and it's progressively challenging level of difficulty.  Well worth it's price!"
,Recommended,243970,19654973,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Deign,This has to be one of the best games I've played this year.  It is a fantastic meld of puzzle and board game style gameplay.
76561198087689958,Recommended,243970,19656862,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,zbself,"Invisible, Inc. is brilliant, excellent and brutally efficient at what it does.It is not your everyday boring time-killer, it is a ruthless time-mass-murderer!:)Highly recommended for all procrastinators and others with endless hours of free time to kill on their hands:)Must. Delete. Local. Content!:)))"
,Recommended,243970,18575620,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Soldatesque,So much fun.  Its Metal Gear Acid minus the card system.  RPG-ish turn based strategy stealth infiltration game.  Very suspenseful and challenging.
76561197978498919,Recommended,243970,19703601,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Domikaze,"Invisible, Inc. melds procedural generation, stealth, and rogue like elements so seemlessly that you'd think it had been done countless times before - but it hasn't and that's what makes this game so special. My favorite game in all three of those genres all in one. That with a fresh coat of cyberpunk to give it that nice finish? I never had a choice but to fall in love with this game."
76561197967508296,Recommended,243970,20082553,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,FuZZyNut,This is a great game if you like thinking and having fun.
,Recommended,243970,20099964,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,ShadowPulse,"♥♥♥♥♥hitting the fan simulator 2015Buy for the pun, stay for the amazing gameplay"
76561197967387058,Recommended,243970,20102148,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Chortles,Very challenging. Keeps you coming back to see how far you can get.
,Recommended,243970,20223526,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Roland Deschain,10/10 hardcore spy game
,Recommended,243970,20205521,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Hypnotoad,Its kinda weird playing a game where the best way to stealth through a place is by not KOing or killing guards. But it's a good kinda weird. Fun game.
76561198234258556,Recommended,243970,20170402,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,BlackPaw,"Buy it..  Totally recommend if you like to play the game that requires you to use brain power to think and calculate.It's really good turn based stealth game that's very challenging and very hard on higher difficulty.The Game is short indeed, but the replay-ability is pretty much so great,You can play it again and again, and again."
76561198033496142,Recommended,243970,20200182,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,nubey,"I haven't spent a huge amount of time playing this game yet, but from what I can tell I will definitely be doing so in the next few weeks. The game is so aesthetically pleasing and a simple and beautiful UI. I had tried Frozen Synapse before, but this is a much simpler version, with an interesting background story. I've found it to be quite tense and times, and it's probably the right game for you if you want a biti of a challenge whilst still having fun."
76561198045471460,Recommended,243970,20052097,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,iEatwe,I highly recommend this game if you like Turn-Based Strategy games. I've never seen a game like this before and there's tons of things you can do in the game. Lots of choices to choose from. One of my favorite things is that each level you play randomizes. So each time you play the game it's different. Never the same. Makes is more challenging and fun. Its worth the buy. The game will keep you going.
,Recommended,243970,20056995,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Portugal. The Bro,Fun sci-fi turn based strategy game.  Its biggest plus is that it has a wide range of difficulty settings so that any player can enjoy it.8/10
,Recommended,243970,20054113,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Snowfly,It's the sneaky boardgame I never knew I wanted.
,Recommended,243970,20256075,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,ignus,Game of the year 2015.
76561198043988450,Recommended,243970,22489374,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Bluescreen-Chan~~~<3,"One of the best games I've ever played, from the sound design, to the score, to the art. Add on top of that incredibly tight stealth tactical play that often feels nail-bitingly tense. Perfect."
,Recommended,243970,19880608,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Meman82,"Invisible, Inc. is a great game if you like rougue-lite games and stealth games. It can also make you tear your hair out at times when your get swamped on day 10 of endless mode just before getting the acheviment."
,Recommended,243970,19916767,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,[BoBo] AY PAPI,"Klei Entertainment knows how to make you feel like a stealthy bad♥♥♥♥♥ whether as a ninja or a spy.  In Invisible, Inc., the art design, voice work, and writing all work together to make you feel like the hacker/spy you've always wanted to be.  The gameplay is basically a stealth version of X-Com, with turn-based combat, procedurally generated maps, and customizable characters.  Even if you're not a fan of turn-based games, Invisible, Inc. is easy to learn, yet leaves plenty of challenges once you get more experience.If that doesn't convince you to get Invisible, Inc., maybe the price will."
,Recommended,243970,19925202,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,DiablosDungeon,"Loved the presentation and spy theme. The dialogue in particular is well written and very well voice acted. It is just a shame that only the primary storyline characters have voice acting. The CG cut scenes also give the feeling of low budget, but I'll let that slide because it's an indie game.Invisible Inc is a turn-based grid gameplay with easy to understand hide and seek stealth gameplay. Stay out of the enemy sights, take them down from behind, hide behind flower pots, etc. The trump card is the hacking. At any time during your turn, you can use Incognita (hacking mode) to hack cameras, drones, and safes. This is a crucial part of the game and where at least half of the decision-making is done. Hacking costs POWER, and POWER is a limited resource that you need to find by hacking consoles and slowly accrue per turn.Every turn is about putting your agents in the right position, planning multiple moves in advance, and deciding where to hack. Thankfully, the UI and graphical feedback is top notch and some of the best I've ever seen in a turn based game. Everything is pristinely clear. From spy movement, to enemy movement, to the view of the game board, etc. When you mess up, you messed up because of your decisions, and that's the best thing you can say for a turn based game.I read a few old reviews criticizing the game length, but with the expansion it took me 8+ hours to beat the beginner mode, so I can confirm that this is no longer a problem now. Any longer, and I'd imagine it'd make for a very frustrating rogue like on the higher difficulties.The game isn't perfect though. The upgrade system is not the best, and the agents you actually control lack personality and have a very samey feel. The only significant gameplay differences between them are their starting stats and a special attribute associated with each. There are no interesting skill trees to plan or look forward to. The interesting upgrades are all tucked away in random missions and are hard to come by. The missions and gameplay also lack a bit of variety, and after the first few hours, you already start to feel a sense of repetition (fortunately things do get tougher as you go).All in all, Invisible Inc scratches the turn based itch and definitely delivers what is advertised. Its theme and presentation deserves special mention and I have greatly enjoyed my time with it so far."
76561198055499616,Recommended,243970,19835721,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,canaan banana,Think Xcom with a stealth/infiltration focus.  Fun and addictive with an easy learning curve.
,Recommended,243970,19837075,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Sirmont *lop*,"This game is awesome. It's very hard: I'm at beginniners level and I always feel like I'm finishing the missions by a thread. It's very subtle, lots of depth, the whole thing is just plain fun."
,Recommended,243970,19988972,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Shigeyama,"Creators of Mark of the Ninja and Don't Starve.If you like turn-based tactics and rogue-like gameplay mechanics, then this game is for you. This is probably the funnest rogue-like style game I've played this year. If you aren't a fan or turn-based games, then this one might change your mind. A lot of Youtubers refer the style of turn-based similar to XCOM, but it's really a matter of opinion. A must buy when it's on sale, along with it's DLC."
76561198030753749,Recommended,243970,19966598,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,SGT_BASILONE,"As a big fan of turn based strategies, this game hits the spot.  My only wish is that was more content."
76561197987307911,Not Recommended,243970,20247552,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Neutral Unit,"The idea is great, the style is great, the promises are great. That is what making this game delusional in it's core.1. It's settings. They make it quite tempting to buff your initial team.2. Campaign timer. I thought 120 hours will be more than enough, but it only means around 10 missions before the end of the game! Are you serious???? This game whants to show how scarce the resources are and it is great, but in the end even with the buffed initial options I feel I am being a toy. Timing between missions are awkward and most of the time you just fly from one part of the world to another, because you first need vaul key, than money, than augmentation, etc...3. Alarm timing during missions. Me personally turned it off. There are plenty of other events in the campaign that can trigger the alarm level4. KO and stealth. I guess, I should have set up it to +99 turns. Seriously, I can't imagine an operative in the future, who can incapacitate someone just for 3 turns. They never learned how to tie someone for good? Later there will be drugs that extend the incapacitation,but still the game runs on slow pace with constant body storing. No agent even though about disarming the guards.....And thus the most serious problem - the level system. 10 rooms, that can be merged in larger ones.... it makes all the stealth useless. Passing through the back of the guard? Noway, as you have a narrow room up ahead, so either backstab/shoot him or ambush him. And sorry, dude, you will need to wait for three turns for your shocker to be recharged, martial arts are forbidden by the ethics.The whole realisation of the game is awful. With so much potential, they could have just created several prebuilt scenarious like in old Silent Storm game. Room creator is awful and I guess it is the reason for failing some quests due to some triggers not working properly."
,Recommended,243970,20283124,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Meng,"I'm really enjoying this one and wholeheartedly recommend Invisible, Inc.  Since it has great replayability, I don't know that I'll ever be done with the game.  I want to spend more time on challenges that other modes offer.The player picks two agents among team members that have different abilities. As you play the game, two more agents become rescued and are added to your infiltration missions during the current playthrough. (You will also unlock agents to use at the start of your next game when you finish your current playthrough.) The game is turn-based, with your actions being spent from the agent's AP pool. You infiltrate a procedurally generated corporation level and accomplish main and side objectives and try to escape any way you can. There is also an AI computer on your side that sees the map as you reveal it, and it can hack the enemy consoles and units, helping your agents accomplish their mission. You will upgrade your agents by spending money on their skills or by giving them items to use. The AI can be upgraded by buying programs to use against consoles and enemies.The best thing about Invisible, Inc. is the ease at which it builds tension in a given mission and makes you consider every decision carefully. When you knock out a patrol, they will eventually wake up unless you dedicate an agent to pin him, which means you can no longer use that agent for hacking or taking out others. There is an alarm tracker counter that advances each turn, and can step up when certain things happen in the game. The alarm tracker is an abstraction that signifies that the corporation you're infiltrating senses something amiss when you teleport in. Even when you are perfectly stealthy, the alarm tracker counter will go up regardless and cause some pressure and a little chaos to your game. It's best to accomplish your objectives before the counter gets too high, or you may not make it out alive. The game is at its most exciting when the alarm level is 6 and there are several guards waking up and pursuing you after you retrieved some crucial data from their servers, and you just acquired some new items to deal with them more effectively. You quickly learn that every step in the game counts, and you should always close the doors behind you when you move through the level. The game is always a nail-biter, and I love it.I love the aesthetic of the game -- the stylish graphics and the cyberpunk music. The story is surprisingly good, and it makes me want to play more and unlock more story bits as I go. I'm not a big roguelike guy, but this game is outstanding."
,Recommended,243970,20465085,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,mark.nau,Worth playing.
,Not Recommended,243970,20466785,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,barbazu,"Good things: engaging game with strategy and a minimal background to enjoy.Bad things: I was enjoying the game when I decided I wanted another different perk for the lady spy, well that was not possible so the program brought me to the first day and I had to play again another hour to reach my previous game. It should be avoided that you are easily send back to first day without more explanation. I just ""hate"" repeating scenarios. It is probably my fault but should not be that easy to erase your progress."
76561197985555292,Recommended,243970,20481790,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Sicarius,A surprisingly tense turn-based stealth game. I never finished a mission and felt like it was a cakewalk; the game is that engaging and challenging.
,Recommended,243970,20504310,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Nerf dis lol,Close the ♥♥♥♥ing door: The game
,Recommended,243970,20459963,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,LuisCannonCop,"XCOM meets Metal Gear with a little rogue like spice thrown in for good measure. That isn't the most apt comparison but it should give you a good idea of what you're getting yourself into. This is a game that rewards you for being sneaky, and avoiding conflict. The fun comes from knowing when to break those two rules. Invisible Inc. does a good job of holding your hand without being overbearing for your first playthrough, the developers were well aware that Invisible inc is not an easy game. After ""beating"" the game twice i'm still finding myself learning new things every playthrough. Give this game a shot even if you only play it on beginner difficulty, the visuals alone are worth it."
76561198089387059,Recommended,243970,20592718,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,engiltigadress,"Best in show in both the rogue, turn-based and stealth genre. For me, best game in 2015 and actually for many years."
76561198000343933,Recommended,243970,20599334,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Alexbot,"Excellent game, frequently found myself on the edge of my seat near the end of missions when I barely get out with my agents alive. I have a feeling I'm going to be playing this a lot."
,Recommended,243970,17753394,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,tabbi ᐛ,"When you were into turnbased action point games like Jagged Alliance or X-COM back in the day, you'll love Invisible, Inc. It's taking a more stealthy than combatish approch but thats excatly what sold it to me. Just give it a try, it's totally worth it."
76561198148502900,Recommended,243970,17450447,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,=Klutch= The Klutcher,"Strangely enough, among 'stealth' oriented games, I haven't seen a game better executed in terms of style and mechanics than Invisible Inc. I have not played Mark of the Ninja but after playing this one, I'm planning on picking MON as well.The grid/turn-based system works seamlessly with the spy theme. In addition to the randomly-generated level outcome, there are subsidiary, secondary objectives to complete as well. With credits earned from pickpocketing fallen guards or hacking terminals (the game makes this process very satisfying as the game offers many maneuvers to be taken thereby giving players to implement various play styles), you can customize your agents. This adds replay value immensely.The overall game, despite having a campaign, is non-linear. Each time you play, you will have different missions from different areas of the world with different agents at your disposal.The only hitch (and not a big one) is that the game adopts the ever prevalent and overdone theme of corporations taking over the world in the form of totalitarianism."
,Recommended,243970,17593842,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,coldbloodedtx,"A wonderful combination of short-range tactical and long-range strategic concerns in a futuristic corporate spy setting. The turn-based approach seems plodding at first, but it allows for delicate precision in making every move count. This is exceedingly important as the difficulty level rises.The 3/4 top-down view can be a bit frustrating to see where you're going at times (really a general annoyance of the format, not this particular title). However, the gorgeous artwork and decent storylines make it really engaging."
76561198036775336,Recommended,243970,17597217,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Spring,"I don't play many stealth games (Mostly because I'm not all that great with them) but Invisible, Inc. Hits a high note for me that none of the other stealth games could. Klei in general have made some pretty amazing games, and I think this is just another example of their talent.Random level generation may be something that certain people may dislike, but I appreciate the rogue-like elements in play here and overall I think it suits the type of game it is. I also really enjoy the sense of progression that you have with the unlocks and so forth. I think it adds a nice little dimension to the game and gives it replay value. Final thing I'd like to say is that I extremely enjoy the campaign set up, and how you can customize the campaign to how easy/difficult you'd like it to be.Overall, I think its worth a look at even for people that aren't too keen on stealth games to begin with. I think you'll be pleasantly surprised."
,Recommended,243970,17602019,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Toteemi,Really good.
76561197970496041,Recommended,243970,17609312,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,disposable,"Very cool game, with an awesome, stylish setting.  Lots of replay value with different game modes.  However, the main campaign is pretty short."
76561197993101445,Recommended,243970,17613483,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Rooster Roo,"Solid fun, puzzle to solve that is able to keep it fairly fresh with randomly generated maps and enough options to tweak just how hard a fight you want to deal with. Unique (to me) combination of turn based play for a sneaker like this refreshing. Always enjoyed the Thief titles, but this is much more of a spy squad based setup with you as the ""operator"". Hacking angle with Incognita is a fun overlay on top of several other unique additions, that I won't spoil here.Great deal on sale at $12, I'd say worth the $20 as well if you think this may appeal to you as well. And for the real crazy folks that want the hardest challenge, go Ironman (perma-death) with a 2 minute time limit per turn. I enjoy the optimizing of every move that i plan out and taking my time. Once that gets old to me, I might try some speed runs and go full lethal attacks. Oh, and a bonus for me is the ability to save the game at any time and pick it right back up. Life gets in the way some times, this is just like pausing a chess game that is by far more fun."
,Recommended,243970,17507434,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Aranor,"My new favorite stealth AND turn based game, a must play, 10/10."
,Recommended,243970,17508233,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Bob The 3rd,"An XCOM-style cyberpunk espionage game, Invisible Inc. is very addictive with its short but repeatable story and randomly generated levels. I have had tons of fun with this game, but I would not recommend it to those who don't like getting a permanent Game Over after multiple hours of play. It was definately designed for the XCOM crowd."
,Recommended,243970,17514878,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Syntarus,It gud. Fun.
,Recommended,243970,17479221,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,snauxclone,"I loved this game but was really disappointed that the story was so short, and there was almost no character development."
,Recommended,243970,17480573,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Dozer15,Classic Stealth skills and a mix of XCOM and OMERTA make this a great buy. It'll kill the OCD players out there instantly. The Music is awesome and the Art makes it unique in it genre.
,Recommended,243970,17482819,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Murlou,Too short feel like crying. :(11/10 would cry again.
76561198005693288,Recommended,243970,17483810,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,zeikooc,"The majority of the negative reviews say things from ""too short"" to ""depends on RNG""And both of these are true.But as a game about spies who have a limited amount of time to complete their objective this makes absolutely perfect sense. sometimes you realize a level is going to be awful after recon, and then leave. better to get some cash and items and have everyone alive than bash your head against the corporate structure. That being said, I haven't run across a mission that I haven't been able to beat. Andwith some creative hacking and thinking, most higher alert missions can pretty much be drawn out for ever.Sure the ""campaign"" can be repetitive, but on higher difficulties the satisfaction of waltzing around guards, hijacking robots and turrets, and the blood pumping adrealine from successfully navigating supposedly random patrol paths. For a turn based STEALTH(!!!) game, this one certainly gets the arenaline pumping as much as some big name action tiles."
,Recommended,243970,17485595,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,DJLDracio,"Invisible Inc attempts to mix the tension and tactical gameplay of XCOM and Shadowrun while removing all the random dice rolls of combat, making sure that players realise that ever action/ success or failure achieved was their decision and not the game. Coupled with the inability to save during gameplay and only rely on ""Rewinds"", makes Invisible Inc a very challenging game that will appeal to even the most discerning hardcore squad based tactical player. Expect to fail alot and enjoy the rush when you've completed that successful run while being pursued with a level 6 alarm."
76561197976821760,Recommended,243970,17487005,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Kingpin,Got this on sale for $12. It's a great game.
,Recommended,243970,17624610,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Daemirwindchan,"Well now here is an interesting diversion.Lets make one thing clear, I play a custom set of rules, mainly because I hate games that try to rush me, so I turn off the incremental alarm setting, because the hell with that. Instead I max out the alarm setting. One ♥♥♥♥up, and the corps come down like the fist of god. Much more stealthlike that the basic settings.All in all this Invisible Inc is a fun game, easy to play with plenty of replay value. My Main complaint is the lack of story, and short nature of individual campaigns."
76561198197150085,Recommended,243970,17624789,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,codog_jerry77,"This game has potential. Its gameplay is unique. I don't mind the graphics so long as the play style is good. My only problem with this game is the storyline. Its too short. I beat the game in 6, I think 7 maps including the final one. I thought that there will be s surprise in the middle of the game, like I could increase the storage capacity of my items or I would build a new headquarter after the previous base was attacked. But it didn't happen as the game was cut way too short because of its limited storyline. Over all, I score the game 8 out of 10. Ten being excellent."
76561198030756810,Recommended,243970,20337955,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Darist X1,"The best $10 I've spent in a long time! Well worth the time and money. Great tension. Lots of ""how am I going to get out of this?"" and ""I can't believe I got out of that!"" moments. Lots of replayability. I definitely recommend Invisible, Inc.!"
,Recommended,243970,20336871,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,deathfyre13,"Turn based tactical in the style of XCOM  (sort of).  Much more focused on stealth than combat. Added layer of tactics involving hacking cameras, drones, safes, etc. that makes for some interesting choices. A good story in a dystopian future with a great twist at the end.  While a bit on the short side it is very well made and well worth the price."
,Recommended,243970,20329933,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,rokbezinne,"I've always been interested in Invisible, Inc since I saw it after I Googled strategy games. Unfortunately, I didn't have the cash for it then but when I saw it on sale, I could not pass it up.I've been hooked since my first hour of playing. It's pretty rare for me to willingly spend for a game that I might not enjoy, but I'm happy to say that this was worth it.It's really pretty, it's fun, and it's challenging.IMO, it's got the makings of the perfect video game. xD"
76561197970834150,Recommended,243970,20650983,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Saracen,"Fantastic turn based game. The procedurally generated places you infiltrate keeps the replayability high, as does the new agents you can unlock as you progress. A clever game with even greater variety with the DLC. A game you can dip and out of as you wish. I put it down a few months back but have come back and really enjoyed playing it once more."
,Recommended,243970,20620182,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Paul,"I heartily recommend this game! Worth the price, solid running, no apparent bugs, glitches etc. I've really enjoyed it!Good:- very deep strategy, but not too deep or complicated.- cool style of art and conception of story, lore etc.- very replayable, because the level designs are never repeated.- 'fun' difficult from the start, but as you progress and get more equipment, levels, the AI and level difficulty increases at an even pace.- there's no going back to a resave, so it makes each mission feel more important, every decision is crucial.- upgrade your people with cybernetics, hacking tools, tranq guns, tazers, lots of cool gear.- very ORIGINAL!- you get some experience to unlock other stuff when you lose the game, more experience if you got farther.Bad- addicting"
,Recommended,243970,20366532,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Hypno,"One of the best games I have ever played. If you like strategy and stealth, you should try it!"
,Recommended,243970,18193210,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,56cool7,Unlocks Prism: Master of disguise Wow that sounds cool (Spoiler it isnt) Unlocks (Omega?) Prism An actual disguise Cool (Disguise comes off when close to guard) FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
,Recommended,243970,20417545,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,sikanzon,Soooooooooooo fun.
76561197999090318,Recommended,243970,20404188,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,wellspokenman,"Never liked rogues before, but it adds a lot to this game. Turn based tactics would get pretty stale if we could just memorise the maps. Save scumming isn't possible either so I find myself really thinking about how I can get out of a tight spot. Fantastic feeling when you pull off the seemingly impossible. This is an extremely well designed game and I am having a crapton of fun with it. Well worth the asking price."
76561198060822053,Recommended,243970,20307965,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,SuperNerdJoel,"Really interesting stealth game that plays similarly to X-com.  It's very short, but with tons of replay value.  The biggest knock against it is probably the enormous difficulty spike in the last level."
76561198010996699,Recommended,243970,20596252,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Venomous Spyder,"Hardly a bad thing to say about this game.  Even after the DLC introduced new ways to beat the game, it also upped the ante and made the game more difficult.  Love the storyline and the take on humanity's future...love the combat and the character customization.  Love the stealth system and the cover system...nothing but win."
,Recommended,243970,18753235,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Phoeque,"Pros: Brilliant, seriously stylish turn-based tactics game with a surprising amount of depth. Each playthrough is short, sweet, and rewarding. If you love games like XCOM but you frequently take breaks, forget about what you were doing and need to start over, this is the game for you. It's pretty much designed for replay value, there are many characters and loadouts to experiment with in brand new generated levels each time. The best part is adapting your tactics as you slowly notch up the difficulty to what it's meant to be played at.Con: The story mode narration and descriptions can get tiresome after a while, I would appreciate a setting that disables voice acting.EDIT: There is an endless mode that adresses some of my above complaint"
,Recommended,243970,18444505,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Miasma Toast,Like XCOM but without the aliens10/10 already restarted 3 times
76561197975436638,Recommended,243970,18463832,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,D3ηŁση,"A bit of a hidden gem. Great audio visual design, great mission variety and the stealth system is perfectly executed.  Short run gameplay similar to the wonderful FTL, the meta progression isnt as good as FTL's (but what game's is?) but the in-run gameplay is a more varied. If you're a fan of stealth games and/or turn based strategy like me, then this is a unique slice of nirvana."
76561198127345847,Recommended,243970,18462817,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Discoroo,"Excellent tactical espionage game. Klei never ceases to amaze me with their diverse yet quality products. I've owned this since day 1 and things have only changed for the better. Highly recommended if you like tactical games. One recommendation is that if you want to play this game as it truly should be, play it on, at minimum, expert mode with ironman difficulty, which was the intended difficulty and how the game must be played."
76561198109913010,Recommended,243970,18852195,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,jazebiker,"The mechanics of the game are simple, but the game is not. It's a very good turn based strategy game. With something like 100 hours in game already, I can tell you it gets addictive. The challenge ramps up considerably as you climb the difficulty ladder, and there's an endless mode if you manage to beat the story modes. Good replay value already, and there's expansion DLC in the works.It's the kind of game that makes you want to take a chance on more indie titles."
76561198146796162,Recommended,243970,19068641,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Avocado at Law,"So as you will notice, i have barely played this game, but if i am reccomending it with this little amount of time played, it means it hooked me straight away, the tutorial showed me how the game worked and that was all i needed to play to buy this game (joys of a free weekend), so i say, this game is worth your money"
76561197995570676,Recommended,243970,15936542,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Mindworm Jim,The amount of enjoyment I receive from this game is directly proportional to how high the difficulty is....This is a very hard game.
,Recommended,243970,15937337,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,bigpapirick,"This game is awesome!  TBS done very well, stealth done even better.  Roguelike and XCom.  Must Buy!"
,Recommended,243970,15944083,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Glitch,"1.0 is a stunning example of early-access done right. They took critique of an early product, and used it to make a visually perfect,Hands down the most tense campaign I've ever played. I almost welled up as in my head Decker saluted his hidden comrades and hurled himself out across four sight-beams to distract them, giving them time to run.If you want a game where each turns forces you to decide, commit to an action then reap the loos or rewards, this is for you."
,Recommended,243970,15946280,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Tardis03,"I have been a fan of this game since paying for it in Early Access. Klei did a fantastic job with their other titles (Mark of the Ninja is a personal favorite of mine) and this is another solid piece of work. The game feels very much like an advanced kind of chess while you're playing it. The fact that your agents will die if spotted and not moved immediately makes the movements feel like a complex series of steps to avoid being in ""check"", so to speak.The addition of voice-acting and some cutscenes has fleshed out the story and compliments the music nicely. The story is nothing to write home about, but moves the game along and gives you some motivation on why things are the way they are in the game.Be warned: this is a difficult game that has a steep learning curve. You will fail. Many times. But every failure gets you further along and gets you more agents, new toys, and new ways to play the game.Highly recommend."
76561197972393277,Recommended,243970,15957496,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,EmGooser,"It is like a shorter version of XCom but with stealth.  On top of that every level is generated so it has a lot more randomness to it.  9.5/10.  My only wish is that the story mode was a little longer, though there is an endless mode."
,Recommended,243970,15960400,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Fight Milk,"X-Com meets Sid Meier's Covert Action. If any of you actually played Covert Action, congratulations! You are old as ♥♥♥♥ like me.11/10 Ant Society > Gamer Society"
76561198003880852,Recommended,243970,16217154,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,[TAG]Alblaka,"THIS is Early Access done right.I first stumbled upon Invisible Inc. some months ago. Maybe even a year. Saw a very fascinating lets play of it and decided to buy myself into the Early Access.I wasn't disappointed and watched the game get regular updates with nice new content. A few dozen hours in the story mode got repetitive though and I stopped playing.Then I suddenly hear 'Invisible Inc has been released'. And I reinstall it, boot it up and WOW!!The last version I played had solid gameplay, nice mechanics and an overall catchy art style. But now it even got story, voice acting, polished interfaces... and obviously more contetn and the same great gameplay.In short, the developers did an exemplary job on this gem of a turn-based stealth game. If you enjoy solving complex puzzles, fighting against overwhelming odds and leaving no trace of you ever having entered the building...Buy this. You won't regret it.Rating: 9.5/10 - I found a single bug by abusing the interface. Otherwise, this gem is flawless."
,Recommended,243970,16220658,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,nn74,"Just perfect game in every aspect . Unique roguelike-stealth-turn based strategy concept, fantastic artstyle, huge replayability value, hard but fair game .... Klei created another highly polished diamond."
,Recommended,243970,16229007,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,aG.Tyrant,Wonderful fun
,Recommended,243970,16232444,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Whovian10ant,"This game is spectacular. It is a turn-based single-player strategy game. First off, the premise of the game. You have 72 hours to prepare your agents for the final mission. Each place you go to has a different amount of time to get there, and different rewards. It is up to you, the operator, to choose the missions and guide the agents through said levels. This is not a game for those who want an easy game that you can put down at any time; you really need to finish the run in one go. But it is an extremely well coded game. More specifically-1) The difficulty curve is perfect. Within each difficulty setting, there is a curve as you go through the 72 hour time frame which is very well balanced. And if it is too hard, or too easy, you can make a custom game with specialized settings to adjust to your taste.2) The animation is beautiful. It just works.3) The characters are incredibly well balanced. No character is better than the last- the one you use depends on your playing style. And there are just enough characters to satisfy everybody's needs, while not making a list that takes an hour to scroll through.This is one of the best games I have ever played, PC or Console. I would highly recommend this to anybody looking for a great game to lose many hours to."
,Recommended,243970,16269721,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,kiznick,"I am having a blast with this game.  For some reason, I keep feeling like I'm playing a computerized cyberpunk chess game. :P   I'm really looking forward to more and more content being released for this game. It seems like every mission I accomplish reveals more and more story and unique content. I'm also having flash backs of The Matrix Online because of all of the hacking. I hope you all enjoy it as much as I do."
76561198058156743,Recommended,243970,16270227,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Inspector Dosh,"From the makers of Mark of the Ninja, Klei has released a turn-based strategy game that emphisizes on stealth over direct confrontation. Easily comparable to X-com, but the big difference aside from stealth oriented gameplay is that it takes away random chance when engaged in combat and your agents can only take one bullet before kissing the floor making every decision you make very reliable. While you can kill guards on the level, it is heavily discouraged to do so. I would say the main complaint I have with Invisible Inc. is that the difficulty of the random level generation is a bit inconsistant at times, ranging from straight up easy to almost impossible, but it is kind of the natural downfall of using procedural generation so I can't really complain too much there. I highly recommend it for the sake of tasing guards and stealing their money."
76561198007905472,Recommended,243970,14510283,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,m.carmas,I changed my review from negative to positive. the game works fine since it has been finish. .
76561197993493091,Recommended,243970,16238813,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,ZuUzZzOoN,"If you like challenging, well designed, X-COM-style strategy games, BUY Invisible Inc.How they say? Easy to learn, hard to master.Playing this game you will:- infiltrate in enemy buildings;- hack mainframes, safes, spy-BOTs, turrets, databases, etc.;- study guards patterns to avoid bad situations: stealth is the word;- use Insp. Gadget's style gadgets;- choose your team wisely, between several different kind of spies;- cry when you will be forced to leave one of your team behind... WE WILL COME  BACK FOR YOU, BRO! q__q- enjoy different game options and difficulties;- be happy about a beatiful story of a smart software house that built a very good game asking help to the gamers.I want more X-COM-style games, I want more Invisible Inc.- style games."
,Recommended,243970,16257107,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,ShawnMcCool,"If you liked the combat + RPG elements of XCOM: Enemy Unknown then this is a no-brainer.I had my doubts. But, this is an amazing game. The gameplay is full of joy.Runs great on Linux on my Thinkpad T450s."
,Recommended,243970,16262372,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Apex,"Very smart, well-designed strategy game. Even on easy I had several moments that made me stop and think long and hard about how to turn a situation to my favour. When you beat a difficult mission in this game it feels like an accomplishment that you overcame using every single tool that you were given. Really gratifying and fun."
,Recommended,243970,16262826,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Sirkingwang,One of the best games I have played in a long time.
76561198122265869,Recommended,243970,15805714,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Classics,"Awesome game! Reminds me of one of my all time favorite games, Shadowrun for Sega Genesis (1994). Never thought I'd see a game like that again. Respect to Klei."
,Recommended,243970,15923178,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Doleful Creature,"Put in about 60 hours on Early Access, and 32 hours so far on the final release.The polish on the final release is extremely satisfying. This game keeps me up 'til 3AM on the regular. It's punishingly hard (on Expert with 1 rewind) but OH SO SATISFYING when you nail a particularly tricky escape.If you like XCOM, Jagged Alliance, Fallout 1/2/Tactics, etc...you'll probably enjoy this game. A LOT. It's tactical, turn-based, STEALTH-FOCUSE gameplay. I haven't had this much fun with a game in long while."
76561198041643151,Recommended,243970,15932642,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Vaping My Way Downtown,On my second play thru. This game has some of the best art design in a game I have ever seen. I look forward to future DLCs to continue along the story.
,Recommended,243970,15932750,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,skoop,"Cyberpunk turn-based strategy. I mean, do you really need more information? Yes?OK, so the storyline is really good. The experience is immersive, and you really want to beat them. So yeah, you need this game. Really."
,Recommended,243970,15933199,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,tcaz,"This game is a fairly unique take on the Turn Based Strategy genre. I highly recommend it to anyone that likes games like XCOM or Fire Emblem. The twist on this game compared to others in the genre is that its stealth based- instead of fighting the enemies head on, you want to try your best to avoid them. Your directly offensive options are fairly limited and you generally want to use them only in emergencies, because ammo is scarce and the enemies vastly outnumber you. That isn't to say that your options overall are limited, however. There are ways of fighting back that don't involve shooting someone with a gun in an open firefight. Setting silent ambushes and traps. Hacking the enemies security system and creating a false alert somewhere else in the building to redirect them. Turning a turret on their side to yours, evening the firepower some in a pinch.Invisible Inc is all about doing things the 'non standard' way for games of this genre, while still encapsulating what makes them great- plenty of ways to force you to think ""How do I get out of this situation with what I have right now?"", which leads to those satisfying moments when you pull off a clutch escape out of a bad situation, or the despair as you lose your best unit and need to find a way to salvage the game."
,Recommended,243970,15912902,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,MR.BIG,It great game but it will be better when they add co-op mission.
76561198055462590,Recommended,243970,15807470,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,crymrea,Great game - challenging and balanced. I enjoyed it in early access back in January and it is nicely polished upon release. I highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys turn-based games.
,Recommended,243970,15807900,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,SchruteFarms,"XCOM meets James Bond to put it roughly.very easy learning curve but it is hard to master.controls are rather basic, you'll learn the hot keys after a half hourextremely refreshing take on turn based strategies"
,Recommended,243970,15808023,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,RizzleQ,"Invisible, Inc. is an exciting, in-depth take on the turn-based strategy genre. It has an incredibly deep atmosphere of cyberpunk infused espionage that steers you towards using cunning stealthy strategies to make any progress. Although, its focus on stealth isn't so restrictive that it doesn't allow a completely different playstyle if one is so inclined. Just remember: one wrong step and it is very likely game over – forever. You don’t get any checkpoints to revert to or retries when you fail a mission. While there are customizable options like that you can enable when you start a campaign, you’re basically looking at permanent death when you make a crucial mistake in strategic judgement in the regular campaign.The short storyline is a neat and compact campaign with a well thought out and very satisfying beginning, middle and end. It has you navigating the whole globe infiltrating various corporations with the aim of acquiring high tech gear you will need on the final mission. There’s quite a variety of procedurally generated missions from which you can choose, but distance travelled matters in your choice as you run down the 72-hour in game clock every time you move to another mission. Even before you get in game you need to make strategic decisions on how you’ll tackle the order you do the missions in and how you will equip your agents. Even the levels on the missions are procedurally generated, so no two playthroughs of this game can ever go the same.When you complete the campaign for the first time it will definitely leave you wanting so much more. Klei has you covered as their expectation isn’t that you just play the campaign once. This is where the unlockables deliver on your craving for more. With each playthrough, you use your experience gained to unlock new programs and agents. With up to four power programs, up to four hacking programs and up to 10 agents to choose from, there’s ample choice at your fingertips to construct tons of unique playthroughs.When you've had your fill of the campaign in every combination you can think of, Invisible, Inc. really shines in the long-term replayability with its Endless mode. Endless mode is the same as the campaign except the mission difficulty increases past what they normally would in the storyline. That difficulty keeps on increasing as the days go by, but, of course, there is no time limit leading you to a final mission; you just keep on going for as long as you can handle it. Between the loadout combinations, procedurally generated missions and level layouts, I’ve happily put hundreds of hours into countless endless mode playthroughs. And that was before the full game was even released!With all the gameplay praise, Invisible, Inc. also does not disappoint when it comes to its graphics, animation, music and SFX. The final release of this game is an incredibly polished work of art in all of those aspects. I can’t even put into words how perfectly the music and SFX fit the atmosphere of this game. Each corporation even has their own subtly different musical theme associated to them. The animations are smooth and the graphical style is crisp.The only thing I don’t like about this game is related to the animations. My mind thinks very fast and I would like to be able to click on things and carry out orders in rapid succession. When I have to wait for every animation to finish before I can click on the next thing, I get quite annoyed. The game has a fast mode option to speed them up, but it’s nowhere near fast enough for my liking. I always feel like computer software should be the one waiting for more inputs from the end user, not the human element having to wait for the software to allow it.Despite that, the bottom line is this: Klei Entertainment did a fantastic job with Invisible, Inc. and I would recommend it to anyone who enjoys the strategy genre."
,Recommended,243970,15807841,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Based Ornstein,"Purchased an augmentation.*reads description*""blahblahblah modern combat displays...blahblahblah terabytes of information...blahblahblah angle of attack...Interpretation: Streaming terabytes of PORN into enemy displays to render them unconsious.Actuallity: Streaming terabytes of DIGITAL NOISE into enemy displays to render them unconsious.I was close...10/10"
,Recommended,243970,15842162,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Nooschwander,2 Hours in -I've only beat the first mission but all I do is think about what I could have done different for each step.I'm excited to continue playing this -Final Fantasy Tactics meets XCOM meets Monaco love child.2 Tazers Up
76561198134103543,Recommended,243970,15843517,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Majestical Hork,"Amazing, I wish they had knives and thing like that to kill guards at close range. Recommended."
,Recommended,243970,15844016,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,The White Rabbit,"Klei Entertainment did an amazing job on Don't Starve, and Invisible, Inc. is another beautiful game. To give an idea of the style of game, it is an FTL mixed with XCOM. This combination makes a very cool futuristic spy game that has a short campaign with endless replay value. The character unlock system works like Don't Starve character unlocks, and the levels are procedurally generated. Keep up the great work, Klei. Would highly recommend this game to fans of FTL, XCOM, Don't Starve, and everyone else."
,Recommended,243970,15802362,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,artificial death in the west,"A challenging turn-based stealth strategy game that pits your team of elite infiltrators against megacorporations of the cyberpunk near future. Complex gameplay, beautiful and unique art style and incredible replayability make this a worthwhile purchase. The game has progressed a lot since the first early access builds and is well polished, with lots of content to unlock and discover."
76561197969386272,Recommended,243970,15803151,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Jack Denham,"TLDR: turn-based tactical espionage action in a stilish cyberpunk setting. You will learn the importance of closing doors!In this future cyberpunk setting, you are cast as an operator trying to survive a hunt called by many corporations, hoping to last 72 hours so that you can strike back (there are custom and endless modes available too).In the strategic map, you will choose where to deploy your team between the different randomly generated mission available, each offering different objectives, enemies and rewards. Once chosen, you will proceed to a turn-based, XCOM like mission. Unlike XCOM, sneaking and not engaging the enemy is the order of they day.Despite lacking an enfasis on combat, each mission is a tense and tight affair where you are using all the tools available. The wonderful and atmosferic soundtrack enhances the gameplay.I have enjoyed this game so far, my only negative is that some of the mechanics are not covered by the tutorial or in the help section, so you will have to do some googling to find your answers."
,Recommended,243970,15803349,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Dessard,"Amazing.  Nothing to say that hasn't been said, but definitely worth the $18."
,Recommended,243970,15803474,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,nailernforce,"Extremely well put together game. Gorgeous visuals, tense tactics, and tough decision-making.The satisfaction of finishing a mission with every guard in the complex hounding you, is immense.A must play for any tactician."
,Recommended,243970,15801764,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,[OG] Tragedy15,Do yourself a favor and buy this.Just trust me on this one. You'll be glad you did.
,Recommended,243970,19131159,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Qr,"This is the turn-based stealth game I never knew I wanted.Has like a billion options for tweaking difficulty, becomes pretty much as easy as hard as you want it."
76561197983064288,Recommended,243970,19140920,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Toast,"Best turn based stealth in a long time, possibly ever."
,Recommended,243970,19098643,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Nugget,"+Great visual style.+HARDgameplay but with plenty of forgiving attributes.+Customizable difficulty.+Great level generator that actually makes levels feel different.+Lots of class and personality.+Fun looting.+REWIND FUNCTION!-Cutscenes are dull (The 3D animation as opposed to 2D animation from earlier Klei games doesn't have the same charm or quality).-Augments don't really feel like they do anything in particular.-Non-story.-Agents don't appear to ever interact or say anything as opposed to other SRPGs like Disgea or Fire Emblem.Klei Entertainment did it again, providing a stylish and unconventional game complete with aweome in-game animationa nd gampelay. Invisible Inc. is the their second foray into the stealth genre, and like the first one, it's an exceptional must play; it even went so far as to turn stealth into a turn based game,and it actuallyworks. Invisible Inc. essentially plays as a randomly generated puzzle, but not only are the ""puzzles"" cerebralandopen to experimentation, but the random generation is absolutely rock-solid.The only major issue in terms of gameplay is that the thematically famous ""augments"" are entirely boring, and while do affect player ability, they don't reallyfeellike they make a proper impact when compared to, say, Deus Ex: Human Evolution."
76561197967111839,Recommended,243970,19327647,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,sdog,"Invisible Inc is a fantastic game. Graphics and voice acting are whimsical, yet elegant (the latter is rare in games). The game mechanics are so very well thought out. The missions are surprisingly un-repetitive, and have just the right lenght for a nice little session. There is not much of a story, but a good tension arch with a not too long campaign that gets progressively more difficult.What it somehow manage to do, is that I'm getting just barely through the missions, yet I manage them. This combination of just barely dodging the bullet and outsmarting the level gives a nice sense of achievement.That this happens so often, and so many, shows that it is not a coincidence, but rather a result of a couple of well designed game mechanisms. Moreover, this happens on procedurally designed maps, that could be unfair or easy just out of luck. Somehow the game gives you enough tools to compensate it. Rock paper shotgun analysed this, and found that the flexible structure of objectives and a risk level that increases with every turn are responsible. It is up to the player how much they chose to risk, and how much reward they get. Immediate mistakes are forgiven, due to a roll-back function. However, strategical mistakes can get one in a situation where roll-back does not suffice. Here one has to improvise, accept losses and recover, or get busted. Failure is part of the game."
76561197998092822,Recommended,243970,19343397,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Dire,"This is an incredible stealth-based tactics RPG. I frequently describe it to my friends as ""the second best stealth game I've ever played."" Why second best? Because Klei already made Mark of the Ninja.It features a surprisingly deep cast of playable characters that have just enough in their one-lines and informational bio's that they have subtlely real personalities. The maps are designed in a seemless procedural generation that always leaves a mission challenging but doable. The four stat mechanic (Speed, Strength, Hacking, and Anarchy) is simple enough to understand and extremely effective in execution. The variety of weapons, items, and implants for your agents and programs for your AI buddy Incognita offers a bunch of different playstyles. And the setting... that cyberpunk noir... mmm..."
76561198147900365,Recommended,243970,19177528,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,benioan,"Just like most stealth games, this has the most idiotic security guards ever. But, I absolouterly love it! 9.5/10"
,Recommended,243970,21222069,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Malamars,I recommend this game for anyone who likes to play games that aren't garbage.
76561198063260509,Recommended,243970,18544428,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Joee,"There is a similarity with Firaxis' XCOM: Enemy Unknown. It's nicely polished turn based tactical strategy game but with shorter playthrough in compare to the second mentioned game. Understand, the shorter does not mean worse. You get to the end (win or lose) just faster. Each mission takes around 30-45 minutes and the whole game composes from approx. 10-12 missions (overall 5-7 hours).The general ""research"" element is replaced by gathering credits (in-game money) for which you can equip new items (some require a particular level of agent's stats), implant new augmentations to your agents' bodies, increase their statistics, or install new programs for hacking. Credits are gathered by stealing from safes, guards or by selling unwanted items. And like in XCOM, you are facing tough decisions and desperate situations many times. Your mission time is virtually limited by the system of increasing alert level. In each level, it all gets tougher and harder. Thus you need to balance between quick less cautious play and slow progress when you risk high alert level in the later mission time.If you like turn-base tactical strategy you should try this one too."
76561198141257690,Recommended,243970,20852359,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,LEGO_Rocket-Man,"Fun Game.Warning, Spoilers.Of course, I enjoy the turn-based tactics genre so no suprise there. But I do have one complaint. The additional story elements introduced via the expansion really should have been part of the main game, as without them the story feels rushed - incomplete. Its just - BAM! - Incognita decided to take over the world, vs a gradual build up to it with the expanded story. I think a seperate campaign that actually used young Central and Monst3r, showing them first establish Invisible, would have been much better for the expansion.Still, good game. And if they were to come out with an expansion that follows the story of Invisible's founding, I'd probably buy it."
76561198057413802,Recommended,243970,20879199,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Mizo,"Really hard, great concept, fun but deeply frustratingThis is a fun game with a good concept - turn based strategy meets stealth.  The graphics look good, the scenarios are randomly generated, complex, and require significant thought.  The story is good enough for what it is, however, I will say despite what you are supposed to be doing, it feels like you're just doing random missions, getting more buff and waiting for the game to just move on - like the missions are meaningless obstacles.  They don't really play into the actual story.What I really want to talk about is how frustrating this game can be.  Things that make this game so frustrating include not being able to see enemy vision cones - it's not very helpful when you can see what an enemy's path is, but not whether they can actually see you - you want to plan ahead but you can't.  Hacking 'power' points - saving them up is complicated, you can easily find yourself in a situation where you just don't have enough to complete a mission, and there is no way to get them.  So you automatically lose.  If you want to open all the safes and disable all the cameras, at least make it semi-feasible to do so.  As it stands at least in my game, I need to save every point, or I will easily find myself in an unwinnable scenario.  This problem sort of bleeds into the next, which is how much it costs in power to hack terminals that let you buy upgrades/weapons/etc.  You don't know what's for sale, but the out of mission shop barely carries anything, so you are encouraged to hack them and buy - but they may have nothing of value, or you may just not have enough money - wasting a ton of power points that you likely can't get back.  Lastly, getting spotted - it is very easy to die in this game.  Which is fine, we're all doing this Dark Souls-hard game thing now.  However, it is such a slog to get back to where you were, it's really depressing to lose.So, in summary - this is a good turn based RPG and gets credit for incorporating stealth in a very meaningful way, but it has balance issues when it comes to supplying you with power points, and there are some tweaks it could make to its userface that would decrease moments of death/failure that feel ""cheap"".  Also, if you want to play this game, you have to enjoy the experience of smashing your face against the wall because of frustration, because you will be doing that often."
,Recommended,243970,21257570,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,MatthewTheBarb,A very enjoyable turn based steath game. Would recomend!
,Recommended,243970,19108684,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,The Tanned Terrorist,gud stealth gaem
,Recommended,243970,17822168,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,nex,this is a pretty good game if you ask me
76561198128282119,Recommended,243970,21157397,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,kylekgh,"First reivew i've wrote on steam despite having such a massive library of games on here. Honestly i'm pleasantly surprised to how good this game is. I was hesitant for many months about getting this game and took a leap of faith during this latest sale (lunar new year or something :S ). I'm happy i did, this is a good pick up and play type of game. Do a heist, cook some food, come back do another heist , watch some tv etc. Honestly im not good at writing these things just stop reading and buy the game! You wont be dissapointed :)"
76561197968175160,Recommended,243970,21121663,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Bullet Tooth Tony,I bought this game after watching Dan play it on Extra Play/Guest Play and I have not even come close to being disspointed. This game is fantastic! I have loved every minute that I have been able to play. I cannot recommend this game enough!
76561197985257236,Recommended,243970,21184863,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Sever,"Grabbed this as part of a bundle. Good voice acting, neat game. Procedurally generated gameplay adds tons of value."
,Recommended,243970,21220120,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Archibald,"Tense turn-based gameplay with:- Lots of replayability- Lots of different builds to try- Lots of different characters- Lots of items to take advantage of- Lots of different enemies to deal with- Lots of doors to closeLots of fun.Lots of wow.Lots, lots, lots"
,Recommended,243970,21201277,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Reap,"What. Straight off. Wow!A bit about me, I'm not a fan of detective stuff or stealth games but I do love Turn Based Strats.THe fluff of this game I honestly though would bore me and I would play for 15 minutes and uninstall but I'm extremely happy to say its the polar opposite. Its a compelling game with a nice upgrade system, a story that is quite involving, beautifully animated and its extremely intuitve from the tutorial mission which poses as a real mission.I can really get behind this game. Its very nicely polished and I want to explore every room. Im only 4 levels into it and I can already imagine how the games depth of puzzles will come into it. Top marks from me.If I had some down points it would probably come down to nit picking about how some of the upgrades dont quite make  sense or how the upgrade system can look a little dumbed down, but seriously, this game is polished!"
76561198013986401,Recommended,243970,21536984,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,mdiebler,"I was really into this game. It took me a minute pick up the rhythm, but I ultimately really loved it."
76561198090716272,Recommended,243970,21469670,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,magensha,Must play for who loves tactical turn-based games. The art and the soundtrack are really really good. The stealth and the generations of random maps toguether make this game unique
,Recommended,243970,26864076,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Betonmicha,"Nice tactical Stealth Game with an always present run against the clock!Good level design, voice acting and animation and a good balance with all the different levels of difficulty.What I think is missing is a bit more space for character and equipment upgrades as this is a bit flat.Good game, though"
,Recommended,243970,26855546,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Lord Q,this is one turn-based game that you dread the turn counter for
,Recommended,243970,26843932,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Custard,"Absoultely fantastic game, well thought out, no bullsh*t other games try to implement to win."
,Recommended,243970,26844219,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Urunghai,"Clever and addictive. The campaign is, even with the contingency plan expansion, rather short - but it makes you want to play over and over again with increasing difficulty;"
76561197998000345,Recommended,243970,26851721,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,PandaCat,"I love the short amount of levels needed to complete this game.  It can be frustrating at time if you don't get the equipment you want, but in actuality, it teaches you to approach games by thinking outside of the box.  The best help is to have as many people as possible by the last mission.  Sitting on guards is very effective.  Soon I will try a harder difficulty level.  I'm scared!"
,Recommended,243970,26762373,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Yurii,"around 4h for beginner play through.interesting game, has potential of rndomly seeded maps. also has endless mode, need to try"
76561198099298971,Recommended,243970,26870438,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,CouchTotoro,This game really combines the turn-based strategy and rogue-like elements into a new high. Replay value is incredibly high with all the agents/program/settings combination. Many strategy guides will teach you to use certain agents or programs to conquer the increasing difficulties in the later game but if you wanted a challenge just go random and have a blast.
76561197993107872,Recommended,243970,26923318,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,bent_oben,"This game does so many things right. within a niche of a niche.  Stealth-rouge like-TBS-RPG.You have a small team that you can improve or grower bigger, you can lose team members and if you do you can lose all their equipment.  You have to decide is it better to invest in everyone, or to only invest  in a few party members and use the rest as sacrifices.   Lots of difficultly levels to play on.  On normal mode the game is rouge-lite and offers a certain number of “rewinds,” to cope with situations in which your rush around a corner and happen upon a guard.  On the highest level you get zero rewinds, and if you wipe that run is over.  On the lowest level you get more rewinds and also can replay missions you wipe on."
,Recommended,243970,26922446,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Audrey.Hepburn,"tactical espionage with rogue-like elements, turn-based squad match like x-comdat plot twist though"
,Recommended,243970,26960204,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MadameK,"Great storyline, though a little short."
,Recommended,243970,26957390,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,rhm,"One of the best agent-controlling turn-based strategy games out there. Think X-COM but with much more varied gameplay a greater challenge. Instead of random rolls making all the difference (often frustratingly so), it's the random floor layouts that keep Invisible Inc interesting."
76561197995679748,Recommended,243970,25402618,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,vtc,"As others have already said, a lot of love has been poured in the graphics and the details of the game mechanics which makes each mission quite enjoyable. Moreover the game offers a lot of difficulty customization options : patrol routes, number of guards, number of rooms, alarm rising rate and more.However their is little to no connection between the quite limited roster of missions. And as the story plays independantly of your missions choices, each run feels a bit like a random series of heist. This wears down the replayability of the game pretty fast.In the end the game feels a lot like a very good board game but could really benefit from a reorganisation of the global structure of a run. Something like several campains that would reveal a part of the plot with hidden objectives requiring specific agents that could lead to major revelations, each campaing beeing backed by a main agency and a simultaneous campain mecanics that would force the player to create several teams of agents and explore different play style would probably make the game much more interesting."
76561198157416833,Recommended,243970,27440800,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Ulcisernik,"Amazing gameplay, great graphic desing. I want to play more and more on the higher level. 10/10"
,Recommended,243970,27459002,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,glu,Amazing turn based strategy game. In the same vein as XCOM but with stealth instead of force. Calculated moves will reward the player and brash decisions will make things come crashing down. Great game!
,Recommended,243970,27401248,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dr. Poke,"Invisible Inc, is a turn based game along the lines of xcom enemy unknown. The story, voice acting and level details are highly polished. The story: that you're working against the big bad corporations who in the future are more powerful than government spy agencies. You get to pick your characters, load them out and undertake spying missions. The game is rerally a race against time and oodles of fun to play."
,Recommended,243970,24902546,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Druinthor,Such a well balanced game! Please make more of the story now!
76561198057194771,Recommended,243970,24871510,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,CaptainKzer,A stealthy mixture of FTL's take on an extended rogue lite experience and XCOM's masterful turn based strategy.
,Recommended,243970,24936301,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Cowan5,"If you are a fan of tactical turn-based games then this is a must-buy.Great gameplay, good story and very polished all round."
,Recommended,243970,24938545,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,thetimujin,"This is a perfect solution for a proceduraly generated turn based stealth.The game is challenging, original and fun."
76561198038121242,Recommended,243970,24973175,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,phyk_xun,"Great single player game. Beautiful concept, great design, excellent gameplay.  I only wish it were longer and open ended. I would buy this again.No, I do not work for them."
76561198083311272,Recommended,243970,24060526,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,aboe,"In a nutshell:This game is kinda like Chess... but with cool gadgets.Lots of options to customise the gameplay to suit you, loads to unlock, pleasing visuals, potentially VERY challenging gameplay thanks to Endless mode... it's a great little package - smart, and well presented.I hope Invisible Inc. returns for a second outing.Review:I came across this game as a result of looking for a decent hacker/spy title. I got a tip from somebody in a comments section on a blog so I put it in my wishlist and finally made the investment during a sale.As I play on what I guess would now be considered an outdated laptop, I was concerned that it wouldn't run that well and there'd be lots of lag and slow-down, but it plays fine actually. And I'm happy that it does, because it's a quality game, especially so considering its sale price.- As mentioned earlier, this game is kinda like Chess in that it's a turn based game - you make your move, then the opponent makes theirs, and so on... what makes it interesting, apart from all the cool gadgets and the Random Number God (more on that later) is the ever-increasing incremental alarm system, meaning that not only do you feel somewhat under pressure, but also that each turn is precious, so thinking things through before you execute is advisable if you want to avoid coming into contact with some of the better equipped enemy personnel who lurk at the higher levels. Thankfully, there are no limits to how much time you spend during each turn (unless you select this option) so you get to consider things before ending your turn.- There are lots of things to unlock (including Augments, Programs, Weapons and Items, as well as new Characters), and a few different strategies based on what equipment loadout is selected, but it's essentially a stealth game, meaning there are few rewards (but plenty of penalties, mind) for a playstyle which is geared towards being overtly offensive.- The top-down, isometric view can at times present some frustrations, but only occasionally (when trying to view a narrow passageway, for example), and is quite pleasing overall.- On the subject of views - the cell shaded art style is easy on the eye, and whilst the in-game graphics are polished, functional and without flaw (from my experience, at least), some might consider them to be lacking when compared to the realism presented in other titles nowadays, not that this is a criticism of mine as I'm grateful that my old laptop can handle the visuals comfortably enough to allow for a smooth gaming experience. Let's call the graphics 'accessible' then.- Game length is very short if you're talking about completing just one single campaign, but the replay factor is ever-present thanks to rolling XP (used to unlock those unlockables mentioned earlier) and also what seems like a Random Number Generator (RNG) type of level generator - no two levels are the same, even if you have the restart option checked. This is clever and means there is no 'practice makes perfect' approach to the gameplay in any given level, as you always need to investigate and explore in order to locate the mission objective and exfiltration point which can lead to wrong decisions being made, and this is what makes it fun..... and also why you might want to have the NOOOOOOO! button to hand, as I wish I did when I realised I left my newly purchased (and expensive) Portable Server at the other side of the level, not realising I'd need to pick it up again before I snuck away into the night - ugh... There are, however, options to customise the gameplay, meaning you can choose the number of Rewinds etc to make the game harder or easier, depending on how you feel that day - this I like.- The voice acting is well done, but due to the short span of any given campaign, there isn't much of it. Quality over quantity.I actually wish the campaigns were longer, at least in terms of the story (which hints at the cliche outcome now and again), but having said that, there is a DLC option which promises to extend the campaign mode and offers more unlocks and challenges. So I look forward to playing this as well.Recommended :)"
76561198089266958,Recommended,243970,24085096,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Lucian,Great TBS game! Kinda too short and makes you want more.Hope a sequel is in the works!
,Recommended,243970,24041616,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,WiDOWZ,"Just when I started to actually play Marvelous Miss Take after figuring out a somewhat solution to its wierd frame rate issue, comes this game and boy it didnt dissapoint in the slightest. Far exceeded my expectations while also being the exact kind of game ive been looking to play for a while. I'm hooked, with still so much to go considering I only play expert (love me a challenge). Maybe i should go for at least one finish in normal, infact i would if that part of me didnt just want to savor it as much as possible seeing as I just cant get enough. Awesome Job Klei, you guys did it again!"
76561198055393637,Recommended,243970,22802554,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Lucidspy25 (Asleep & Dreaming),"Super fun stealth / strategy game. Great gameplay, character customization, art style, and soundtrack. It's also a great brain exercise because it forces you to plan quite far ahead and think very carefully about your decisions. Different scenarios require different actions, and a simple choice may be the difference between life and death. It's your move...make it count."
76561198028064458,Recommended,243970,30771386,Posted: 27 March,all,zorkmids01,"Brilliant, just like every Klei game - this manages to create a level of tension that I would never have thought possible on a turn based game, especially one where the objective is to NOT kill anyone!Invisible Inc. creates situations that in other games would mean certain death to your squad and a restart, but here somehow it is possible to produce the most spectacular escapes as you scramble and struggle to decide if it is more important to augment your agents, buy more gadgets or hire more spies.Highly recommended."
76561198091307138,Recommended,243970,22633993,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Huon,"If you felt like XCOM 2 had great atmosphere but somehow loses it after the tutorial, it's because Invisible, Inc. took it while the developers weren't looking. Typical."
,Recommended,243970,22683504,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,GeneralHawk,Love this game!  Fans of Xcom this is a must buy!   Cannot recommend it enough!   Hoping for a sequel!
,Recommended,243970,22645396,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,varsas,This is an intimate take on turn based strategy due to the small team and care required when playing. There's a great deal of risk and reward that the player needs to keep ni mind.
76561197970901170,Recommended,243970,21071234,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Remember Politeness,"What a great combination for those of us who enjoy turn-based tactical games and stealth. So many options for the main campaign, too! That may be the best evidence of Klei's foresight and planning. Unlike other tactical games, they understand sometimes players want something longer, and sometimes they want something shorter.100% recommend."
,Recommended,243970,21023674,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Soggy,One of the best stealth games of all time. Slow and calculating. Lots of replayability as you learn the game and move up through the difficulties.
,Recommended,243970,21094362,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Talleyrand,Should you buy this game?Yes(damn I'm at more than 215 hours and about to load it up again...)
76561198044759443,Recommended,243970,20755420,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Xerberus86,"great TBS spy game, feels like a great mix of xcom + spy novel....with huge replayability :)."
76561198009277051,Recommended,243970,20743459,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Thrym,"Klei has always impressed me with their games, and Invisbible Inc. is no exception. Played as a turn based combat game (reminiscent of XCOM), you lead a team of agents to steal money, intelligence, weapons, or various technology as you seek to survive and ultimately hunt down your hunters.An excellent game to the cyberpunk genre that certainly has enough worldbuilding to justify additional content."
76561198057483405,Recommended,243970,20709375,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,ScrapGenus,♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME HOW WAS I SUPPOSED TO SURVIVE THAT?! Rage quit and swear never to play it again.An hour later...♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME HOW WAS I SUPPOSED TO SURVIVE THAT?!90 hours into the game and still have not beaten the 'base difficulty'. I guess its time to let go.An hour later...♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME HOW WAS I SUPPOSED TO SURVIVE THAT?!
,Recommended,243970,20733104,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,lykourgos,"Probably my game of the year for 2015; very tightly designed, beautiful art and sound, in every way the ideal squad strategy game. Might be better than XCOM."
76561197991391643,Recommended,243970,22048720,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,EclairZero,"A really fun game if your into turn based games, which has a good balance of possible options which keep it feeling challenging but not too many options that slows down some games"
,Recommended,243970,21994400,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Kvort the Duck [DG],"I really enjoyed this game. It's a little overwhelming when you start, but there's a ton of replayability to it. I love me some cyberpunk, so that was fun. I'm really hoping for a sequel."
76561198067697360,Recommended,243970,22177769,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,__middleman,"Exciting gameplay -- stealth and timed actions along with escalating difficulty surpasses XCOM's classic formula (I played XCOM 1 and 2, and honestly I loved the time I spent playing this game).Only thing is, its a 7-hour game (specifically referring to the story, on BEGINNER, yah). Kinda sucks, cuz I was getting really excited on what could come next and how much farther I can go. But after less than a dozen missions, your story ends. I guess when I play it on harder difficulties, my playthroughs will involve more missions.The gameplay is definitely exciting, with many variables thrown at you at first. But the length of the game is my only gripe.RPG elements are there too, albeit not as deep as a $60 game. Still fun though.Replayability is high, if you dont mind playing from the start to end again. Every new game is deeply customizable as you can have a timed playthrough or an endless run of missions.Ill be playing this game some more.Highly recommended for those who love turn-based RPG."
,Recommended,243970,22264221,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Loppy,"The main reason I love this game is just how wonderfully balanced it is. It's difficult, but not to the point where you feel like the game is trying to actively sabotage you. It's short, fun, and a wonderful take on the classic Isometric Strategy game."
,Recommended,243970,22548287,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,ScaryMagus,"Come people have said the game is content light. Those people are wrong - one of the brilliant things about this game is that it takes only a couple of hours to play a campaign, which means that when you lose (and you will), you'll happily restart immediately. Despite this relatively short campaign, the game is as god damn deep as the ocean. It will take you many playthroughs to master the mechanics and overcome what the game throws at you."
76561197974591297,Recommended,243970,22507039,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,bedlam,"This is a great game. The concept is excellent, I liked the characters, and really enjoy the gameplay. Unfortunately, I wish the developers kept building on that momentum for a much longer story arc. When the game ended, I thought it was about to start the main part of the game. Instead, I was surprised by rolling credits. I'm not as interested in continuing to play the same scenario with different characters and difficulty levels."
76561198034277209,Recommended,243970,22524244,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,dartollen,"This game is so good that I'm actually bothering to write a review of it, which I've never done before. Genuinely the best game I've played for years and years."
,Recommended,243970,22538907,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Christian_Akacro,"Great TBS/RPG with wonderful art, a great soundtrack, and well balanced procedural maps; with in-depth customization to match your playstyle.  With several campaign settings that change the game drastically as well as custom campaign generation, Invisible Inc has infinite replayability. The Contingency Plan DLC is absolutely worth it as it provides more depth to the standard campaigns and includes a large amount of new content. Highly recommended for people who enjoy one of the best Turn-Based-Strategy games ever.10/10"
76561198031273567,Recommended,243970,22380449,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,HawkofChiron,Great design and a very engaging game. I look forward to more DLC /add-ons.
76561198086791194,Recommended,243970,22485855,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Seikara,"What surprises me most about this game was how much fun I had with it. What drew me in the first place was its good looking art style and intriguing storyline. I must say the game deliver on all aspects. The gameplay was very fun and challenging requiring you to develop more complex strategies as the story progresses. This decision to whether to prioritize maximizing your team of agents, acquiring vast monetary income and obtaining valuable weapons is the core of Invisible Inc. The art style is really satisfying to look, and I have nothing but praises for it. What I think left me the most stunned was how compelling the story was, and I can't wait to see how the story develops should the game ever receives a sequel. I highly recommend this game to everybody. My rating: Buy it!"
76561198107369098,Recommended,243970,22500767,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Hellsing70,Very fun and complex game for what it is.  Rinse and repeat storyline is very interesting but a little variety in the storyline based on mission selection might have been interesting.
76561198031486819,Recommended,243970,22424030,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Explorer,Incredible!:)This game captures what X-Com (The original: UFO Defense) did...Create a suspenseful environment with excellent gameplay!Plus Nice Art and Music and engaging storyline.Invisible Inc. is a winner!Two thumbs up.
,Recommended,243970,22573401,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,_W.GW,"A very good game, with a increasing level of difficulty to maintain the challenge.Maybe lacking a bit of variety, but still a few dozen hours of play easily reached ;)."
76561198061201473,Recommended,243970,22605655,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,thepandalion,"I didn't know I enjoyed turn-based strategy until I played this game. I love the theme, the design, the atmosphere, everything. I especially love how customisable the play is, allowing you to play it in your own way. If it wasn't for the ""beginner mode"" I'm not sure I would have given a game like this a go, and I'm so glad I did because I'm addicted! The character progression, new skills/augments, items, and strategy options make it so fun, and it really feels like your agents are going from unequipped, to more awesome, stealthy badasses, thanks to the resources they've acquired. I recommend this to people even if they don't usually like turn-based strategy :D"
76561198025093178,Recommended,243970,22584728,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,ihKu47,"Invisible, Inc. is the best Tactical Espionage Action game I've played in years. In some ways it even beats Metal Gear Solid V in that field, though the two games obviously go for very different approached to the stealth genre.I've played quite a few games that randomizes their levels each play and most of them suffer from the occasional nigh impossible levels as a result. Klei has done something right with their system, however, since I remember only two or three instances where I've had to retreat from a level because I felt my agents had no chance of making it to their objective and back. Even in these cases I possibly could have pulled the mission through with more prudent upgrades to the agents and their equipment, and even though I was ill-prepared the level still gave me ample opportunity to exit it without too much of a hassle (plus you can adjust difficulty so the guard patrol paths are more infiltration friendly if you need it).And tactical retreat is truly a viable option here: You may have a harder time down the road from missing the resources you were trying to get but that doesn't mean you're out of the game just yet. 98% of the time there's blindspots to exploit in the patrol paths and even when there's not, you can usually lure guards into an ambush or just our of your way. Just take your time to observe their movement and time yours accordingly.The large roster of agents are all different in terms of their abilities, equipment and possible augmentations, lending great variety to gameplay on top of the randomly generated levels. In addition, you never know for sure what equipment, augmentations or Incognita programs you'll encounter each playthrough, or what kind of a layout of the different corporate facilities you are going to get - you'll have to adapt on the fly and choose between several alluring options, meaning no two campaigns are going to feel quite alike.On top of all that, the game has modding tools available even if they are somewhat under utilized at the moment: Most mods are language packs or graphical tweaks. One user, however, has created several new agents for the game, each with their strengths and weaknesses. I've only tried one of them out yet but it was solid work and balanced as far as I can tell, and the reviews on the other ones suggest they are of similar quality.If you're at all fond of turn based squad control games, or at all into stealth, I highly recommend you get this game."
,Recommended,243970,15909274,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Digikomori,"Worth picking up if you can get it on sale... the basic mechanics are pretty fun, has some elements of Syndicate and XCOM going on, art style is distinctive and refreshing.The campaign is short though... really, really short. After that there's not much to do except run it again with or without the difficulty cranked up, and the higher difficulty levels can get excessive fast. So... I enjoyed it, but I'm not sure how much replay value I'll get."
76561198107896640,Recommended,243970,22594829,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,FalseShepard,"Very nice game.Invisible, Inc. is similar to xcom but without combat RNG or damage scaling. The graphics is quite easy to the eyes and instructive, the music and voice acting are fairly well done, and the character design has decent depth.The storyline campaign is very short, with an average of about 6 to 10 missions. Even with the DLC (which is well worth it) missions it will only take at most a few hours to finish, which is a great shame as it would make a very dank cartoon show should there be some more effort.The real content lies in the custom campaign generation, for you can remove the 3 (ingame) day time limit to receive more missions up to endless. This allows you to explore more strategies with your agents and items of choice, and with about 20 different agents there are abundant possibilities to experiment.What really made it better than xcom for me is its randomly generated maps, even for unique storyline missions. For those who are familiar with xcom EU/EW you should know that all missions use a limited pool of fixed maps, so after a playthrough or two, the only uncertainties are the locations of the aliens (even that you can guestimate) and the mood of RNGesus. Invisible, Inc. on the other hand has no combat RNG, all aggressions either result in a KO (knockout) or kill. However the variety of the maps made gameplay weighs a lot more towards stealth, scouting and planning, qualities I appreciate from a turnbased strategy game; and across the 4 or 5 endless campaigns I barely ever feel the fatigue I felt while replaying xcom.tl;dr Great game, value purchase, short storyline campaign, surprisingly high replayablility and depth in strategy. 9/10, -1 to the unrealized lore potential."
76561198112335255,Recommended,243970,22597734,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,RunatarIGI,"Very butiful geme, yuo go unvisible and shtis."
76561198141334657,Recommended,243970,22373763,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,OdedTra,"This game is pure fun and strategy.A must have for all turn based strategy lovers, and even for those who aren't.The campaign might be a bit short, but the contigency plan (one of the best dlc that I have ever seen on a game) makes it longer.The animation is really cool and the soundtrack gets you right into the mood.Standing by itself, the game uis great, but if you add the contigency plan it becomes a hardcore stealth game with frightning escalating difficulty. Make sure to check out this game and the dlc!"
,Recommended,243970,24327357,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Hsingh,A fun and entertaining game with alot of replayability.
76561198092238363,Recommended,243970,24265955,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,roycyho,"Things I enjoy:-Interesting game mechanics, a good challenge-A good pool of agent with detailed background info to pick-Nice cutscene-Nice voice-overThings I desire:-Character-specific mission, story-Sequel-Some item description is not detailed enough.  Most of the time I need to try them a few times before I understand how it really works"
76561198149472819,Recommended,243970,24140537,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,junglecatman,"This is a great turnbased strategy game. The roguelike elements work great with the game's difficulty. The higher levels are unforgiving but beatable. If you are considering buying, do it. You will not regret the purchase."
76561198057230334,Recommended,243970,20831585,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Mechanically Separated Chicken,"Become the ultimate spy in this highly stylized, turn-based, cyberpunk masterpiece.Cloak past guards, hack into enemy turrets, and steal valuable technology right from your enemy's pocket. Escape without being detected. Or, if you're feeling blood-thirsty, equip your agent with a hand cannon, and augment them to become a stone-cold killer.Each of Invisible's agents offers unique traits and advantages, and they're a lot of fun to experiment with. For example, Sharp is a heavily augmented machine-man who can knock down even the toughest guards with brutal efficiency. Draco scans the bodies of the dead to gain his upgrades, which introduces an entirely new resource to the game.Personally, I had a great time playing through the game with Internationale and Dr. Xu:Internationale allows the player to explore each map quickly by wirelessly scanning through walls, which is a very cool effect. You don't have to risk being in sight of enemy guards to gather information, which is incredibly helpful.On the other hand, Dr. Xu's melee-range EMP ability is one of the most useful abilities in the game. Dr. Xu is a master safe-cracker,  and will make short work of corporate firewalls. He will disable enemy drones, heart-monitors on guards, and even short-circuit your opponent's advanced cybernetic armor.  Plus, Dr. Xu has a modded Shock Trap that can be placed on any door, which ignores enemy armor! This provides a perfect ""get out of jail free"" card when you're up against increasingly lethal enemy guards."
76561198166548664,Recommended,243970,20673809,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Curry in a Hurry,"Turn based stealth strategy with an impending doom timer in the upper right hand corner. The game is fantastic. It takes a simple, logical stealth mechanics, freedom to approach a level however you want, and throws it in your face in the most perfect way. This game pulls no punches. It is not easy. You will fail many times. The game really focuses on learning from your mistakes. Also, since all levels are procedurally generated, the replayability is incredible. In this game, the default difficulty setting is the 'Expert' setting. The beginner setting and the next one up are actually tuned to be much easier that the default, but when playing those, you'll still get ♥♥♥♥♥ slapped when you screw up. If you're looking for a challenging stealth game that uses a turn-based approach to emphasize forethought and strategy, play this game. If not, go play something less interesting."
76561198014940948,Recommended,243970,23086802,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,ysleen,"Cyberpunkish-like well put setting, with a light humorous touch, varied tactical approaches, real challenging difficulty levels, so...yes, go ahead : this game is fun, do has replayability (even if, the random level map generation sometimes doesn't really bring newity), challenge, and a small fun campaign on the side, with well written characters."
76561198028786265,Recommended,243970,23034568,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Doug the Head,"Brilliant game so far. Perfect for anyone who loves a good strategy game.I've read from a few other reviews that it's too short, so I'm trying to drag out my game to get more impact!Doing beginner, and it's tough. It takes a few deaths to get into the swing of how it all works, you do have to get through a bit of a steep learning curve to work out exactly what you can, and can't get away with. The whole AI thing took longer than it should to work out how it works, and it's pretty rubbish until you can level it up later on.As you level up, so does the enemies. It's always 1 level above you I've found, there is no 'easy missions' at all. It would be nice to be able to do lower levels with your leveled up characters as you go through. It only gives you the ability to do high levels the more you go on. I get that it's not meant to be a cakewalk, but you do want to dominate a mission with your characters from time to time!"
76561198126812794,Recommended,243970,23031368,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,cd745,Awesome game - still love it! The music is amazing too.
76561197997330642,Recommended,243970,23016396,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,shykta,"Get your action-movie-spy on! Invisible's headquarters have been attacked, its agents scattered, and you have 72 hours of raiding the evil corporations (for money, supplies, upgrades, and rescuing your agents) before you have to make your own counterattack.As a ""roguelike"", everything from the levels, to the extra agents you can pick up, to the items in the ""shops"" is randomized, and you have to build your strategy around what you get. You can't manually save the game, either - though you do get a limited number of ""rewinds"" to undo your last turn. It's enough to let you control the difficulty, but you can't afford to become a perfectionist.You can probably finish Story mode in about 25 hours (including the DLC), but there's a fair bit of replayability, and an ""Endless"" mode that just continues cranking up the difficulty.The minor irritations:- What locations will be in cover, and what locations will be revealed as guards walk their patrol routes, can be unintuitive at times. (My agent can hide behind what?!?) It could be handled better in the tutorial; possibly with the guard walk animation slowed down, so you can watch the tile ""noticed / watched / hidden"" highlights change.- It feels like there's a steep ramp in difficulty from finishing a ""Beginner"" game to starting a new ""Experienced"" one. Thankfully, there are rewinds (unless you choose to disable them!)- It takes several playthroughs to unlock all the agents. I haven't, yet, and I suspect if I tried it'd feel less like fun and more like a grind.Finally, you can't solve every problem with a gun. It's not that sort of movie :)"
76561197986214361,Recommended,243970,24508607,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Dangman,"Invisible, Inc. is easy to learn and hard to master.  It has great replay value.  You can get a lot of mileage out of different combinations of group members, attributes & skills, computer programs, weapons and random levels.This game makes you think out of the box.  You have a lot of options for handling different situations.  You try to use stealth and line-of-sight visibility to navigate through the levels without being detected.  Sometimes you will be detected, and you use various means to keep the situation under control.  A lot of it comes down to making smart decisions, and managing risks and resources.The game puts you in tricky situations over and over again.  Sometimes it looks like there's no way out, but I try something, and it works.  I find it very rewarding.Also, you will fail sometimes on the harder difficulty settings.  This is not so bad.  I always learn from my failures and I see myself improve afterwards.I like:-Randomly generated levels keep the game fresh-Large, diverse cast of playable characters-Stylish art design and great animation-Custom difficulty options-Balanced, chalenging and flexible gameplay-Excellent cutscenesI don't like:-The campaign feels too short-Environments and corporate guards generally look the same, regardless of which region you travel to-The heroes' ability to assassinate low-level security guards with no repercussions or impact on the story-I wanted to watch more of those great cutscenes between missions, instead of back-and-forth dialogue between the same two charactersOverall, recommended if you like something turn-based but simple, that you can pick up and play at short intervals, for a low price and a lot of replay value."
76561198047270747,Recommended,243970,24533044,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,regor2526,"i loved this game. story good enough, but the game play was very satifying.  im a huge xcom fan, and this turn based strategy game was very well thought out.  i also liked the options for leveling up characters and weapon aquisition. my only complaint was i felt like the game was too short and didn't always understand the save/reload mechanics.  all in all, great game."
,Recommended,243970,25288834,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,LonM,"A good turn-based strategy game. I'm not a major fan of the genre, but this game is fun to play. It does a good job of making it easy to learn how to play, while still providing a challenge.The levels are randomly generated which means you have to actually think about what you're doing, rather than just memorising what enemies were going to do, which is something I've seen in some other stealth games. And the tools provided, such as guessing what guards are going to do on their next move are good, as they give you some leeway in your planning.Less good is that the guards however seem to have a fairly narrow field of view though, you can sneak up to their side and they don't see you.The hacking part of the game works very well. Giving lots of incentives, potential traps to find and disable, and taking over mobile robots. I am also a fan of the fact that the game steadily ramps up the alarm level as you play. This slow increase in difficulty gives a sense of urgency and intensity which goes very well with trying to find a good strategy to complete each level.The music art style is very good, and fits the whole 'busy, complex, cyberpunk' style of the buildings you're infiltrating, while not cluttering the place too much. I do like the animations on the characters, as despite the fact the models are all very small, all their movements seem very natural (like automatically snapping to be upright against a wall). The few instances of voice acting are also good, and add some personality to the characters.Definitely a good turn based game to play, especially one if you're new to this genre."
,Recommended,243970,25221468,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,AvtrSpirit,"Klei has perfected the feel of a heist in this turn-based stealth game. Every level plays out like the second half of a great heist movie: recon, job, panic, improvise, escape. The proc-gen ensures that the levels always feel fresh without being unfair. And the variety of items and characters give it plenty of replay-value. Add to that a corpocracy sci-fi theme and a classic Klei style story, and you get a little masterpiece that's worth revisiting every so often after you've completed the campaign."
76561198108182207,Recommended,243970,25170264,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,travis.vandenberg,"I absolutely loved this game. It's a must-have for people who enjoy stealth and strategy games. It had me on the edge of my seat for entire missions while I pieced together what I needed to do to get out of crazy situations. If you're someone who loves RPG style elements of customization and building up a team, this game is fantastic. This is my third Klei game (Mark of the Ninja first and then Don't Starve) and I am astonished at how great their games are. Here are some pros and cons of the game and the DLC.Pros:-Tons of replayability due to different agents, different gear, different programs and different difficulty settings-Personalization of your own team, allowing you to choose to be lethal assassins who kill every guard in sight, brawlers who knock out guards and hide the bodies, stealthy infiltrators who leave no trace of being there, or any combination of the three-Complete customization of settings, allowing you to put more or fewer guards, penalties, cash and power-A high level of difficulty if you wish to take it on-Tons of ways to escape dangerous situations, resulting in a puzzle-like feel to the game.-Campaign is the perfect length (with the DLC that is) but Endless Mode is available for those who like to max out their teams-DLC adds cool new agents, a longer campaign and higher level gadgets that are pretty helpfulCons:-Steep learning curve (not always a bad thing) and many elements of the game such as activating/deactivating sprint, how guards' field of vision works, diagonal movement taking up square root of 2 action points and how different drones work are not well explained and take a ton of mistakes and/or forum searches to fully understand-In the DLC, level four items flood the machines later on, making it difficult to find extremely valuable items like Cloaking III and Shock Trap III while there is an obscene number of EMP IV and Stim IV that you don't need a ton of"
76561198039943671,Recommended,243970,24698535,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Dank Lord Piffy Onebang TURBO,"This game is an absolute triumph of design and I would go as far as to say the best designed game I've ever played.  It's always tense and generates some great stories of some impossible situation you squirmed out of.  Not once in my time with the game did I feel cheated or think the game was unfair, unlike other turn based strategy games.  Looking at you, Xcom.  Most importantly of all, it's great fun.If you're the kind of gamer who never replays things, you might feel the campaign is too short.  The Contingency Plan DLC addresses this by extending the campaign as well adding a lot of new items, programs, guard abilities etc.  I don't know who in their right mind would only play through this once, but you've been warned.  Invisible Inc and its DLC are easily worth the money."
76561198013594259,Recommended,243970,19799230,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,qwert628,"Have this game snice alpha, and finally have time to beat this nerve wracking game...twice, with and without DLC.Great fun game, especially the moment you pull off an impossible escape.Expert difficulty is where the fun at; not that hard once you know what to do in the story and some tricks in game. Great game but I’ll probably not gonna torture myself with expert plus mode."
,Recommended,243970,20535007,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,jamiltron,"A turn-based tactic roguelike stealth game sounds like a lot of genres smashed together, but Invisible, Inc. is an amazing take on all of them. You control several units tactically moving around a grid-based map, attempting to complete objectives without being caught. The gameplay is asymmetric, with your opponents acting differently than yours and following estimatable AI routines. The game has many levels of strategic depth, where every decisions can produce good or bad results for you, and the game often has interesting risk vs. reward setups in the map, with you pressing your luck to get more money for upgrades, or playing it safe and completing objectives quickly and then getting out. Fans of strategy games should absolutely check this out, and fans of roguelikes and stealth games should also take a look."
,Recommended,243970,20533553,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Toast Toaster,"Yes it's good. It could really go for more content though, like a big dlc (I realize contingency plan exists) or a total overhaul mod. I like it. It's fun.Also Klei made a default bindings set for the steam controller that makes sense and works well."
76561198062657315,Recommended,243970,19979370,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,pladeira,"It is great, you are going to love it!"
,Recommended,243970,20981611,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Lilphiel,"Invisible, Inc. is an amazing game. I would describe it as a turn-based stealth rogue-like. The mechanics, UI, and logic in this game are fantastic.The game has a number of agents, items, and software programs that allow for a great variety of strategies. To give you a sense of this, here are some of my favorites:My favorite agents: Internationale (who is great for scouting), Banks (who is great for quickly opening up the map), and Dr. Xu (who can open safes and take out drones without breaking firewalls, even bypassing daemons).My favorite items: I love the cloaking rigs (invisibility is simply the best way of avoiding guards, cameras, and drones). I also like the biogenic DARTs (for taking out guards from a distance).My favorite programs: Parasite is great for whittling down firewalls across the map, and Ping is a great way to distract the guards and send them in a different direction.I highly recommend this game if you find the concept appealing. This is the first game for which I have earned all of the achievements! Good luck, operator ..."
76561197961914449,Recommended,243970,24737778,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Quenchiest,"This game has quality sound and art assets, but the design of the mechanics and items are weird to shoehorn you into stealth gameplay over lethal. So you end up with guns with 1 or 2 bullet magazines or guns that can only be fired once per mission. The autogenerated nature of missions also tend to create ridiculously difficult levels in terms of goal placement and enemy patrols. Combined with the time limit, a lot of these missions are nigh unbeatable unless you are lucky enough to head in the right direction to find objectives quickly, or abuse the ""rewind"" (save scumming) mechanic. These annoyances aside, there is a lot of replayability if you like the gameplay loop it offers."
,Recommended,243970,25077490,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,mbouchar,Great game
76561198024066811,Recommended,243970,25094310,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,BpFishmonger,"I used to be the sort of gamer that has the obsessive need to play a 'perfect' game.Losing a province in Shogun 2? Unacceptable, reload previous save.Missed a ghost bonus in Deus Ex? Unacceptable, reload previous save.Now i am not saying there is a right or wrong way to play a game, each to his own but playing invisible inc. forces me to accept error, to live through them and carry on.It is almost impossible to play a 'perfect' game on higher difficulties, sooner or later you will trigger an alarm, you will be forced to take out a guard (which causes alarm), you won't be able to clear all the saves, and most of the time you will be scrambling through rooms frantically searching for the exit teleporter with elite enforcers gunning for your♥♥♥♥♥It is not a game for everyone, but I believe it is a game everyone must play."
76561197987350790,Recommended,243970,25221575,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,JoeProgram,"Loved it.  Stealth tactics roguelike set in a cyberpunk universe is just as good as it sounds like it should be.  Movement and exploration give a familiarity to other tactics games, while the stealth aspect makes it unique and fresh.My favorite detail is all the descriptions on the items - particularly the augmentations.  Having a brain augment that gives you extra actions whenever you hack something because you are using the cycles of that device to remotely think is an amazing idea.I wish there was more story, mostly because I loved the world and wanted to see more character interactions in it.Way to take design risks and still create a really solid game, Klei.  Fantastic work."
,Recommended,243970,24967248,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Cedric Nibblenutz,Sassy little stealth game. It's not the most amazing game going around and is a little short but there's plenty of additional game modes and decent replayability so I'd recommend.
76561198022827878,Recommended,243970,26315887,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,amly,"Amazing game if you like turn based and stealth games. Takes a while to learn but it's a blast, and after you beat campaign you can play endless mode forever, so you can squeeze a lot of hours out of it. Definitely buy with Contingency Plan DLC for extended campaign."
,Recommended,243970,27750766,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Flare²,"Absolutly fantastic, great art style, exhilarating gameplay and easy to use interface.10/10"
,Recommended,243970,27856186,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,HeaTernal,"Invisible, Inc. is so addicting by the time i played it for the first time. The mechanic of this game is quiet loveable for everyone that love an isometric games and stealth games. There's a hacking mechanic that requires powers, the player need to manage that powers on what's important or whats not, so that they didn't run out of power during critical circumstances like being ambushed by guards or daemons (enemy hacking programs).- Every character had his/her skills including augments, that can be upgraded  with money or by playing a mission. You can unlock other character til 4 members by saving them from a mission.- Each mission is generated, so there's no same room that you will encounter twice. There are atleast 8 types of mission (if you own Congtigency Plan, that worth the buy).- Unique mechanic like cover behind every object or walls, peeking door holes/black masked corner, hacking, looting, Alarm level that kept rising until 5 (beginning) or above.- The tools of trade is fun to play/experiment with.- The game can be difficult for new comers, even after playing the tutorials. I suggest playing or tingkering with the difficult settings until you learn the basic ropes.Other than that, it's a recommended game for me."
76561198106597287,Recommended,243970,27856504,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Lexit,"i just played the first mission in the game. but even that, i already enjoyed alot. its intersting to have the different characters and their traits. and even the possibilty to make them assist each other.i enjoy it until now, will be eager to continue the journey, and see if i am able to finish the challenge.btw.: bought the whole Klei pack with all the games. Klei does a great job with their games"
,Recommended,243970,27955309,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Seng,XCOM without guns.
,Recommended,243970,27940027,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,[NFOR] RP ?!,"What a difficult game ! Beginner difficulty is kind of tutorial, real things happens when you start again in higher difficulty. If you like challenges and high degree of replayability go ahead."
76561198053976398,Recommended,243970,27823110,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,[ betadot ],"It was weird at first, and the learning curve was a bit high. Understanding just how difficult the game was made by attacking everything in sight isn't the easiest of lessons to learn. But once you figure out the basics you start to realize there are a lot of different ways to win and trying out new things and learning when that safe just isn't worth it yield you a very well thought out game. It's really well balanced giving room for all the different ways to win. The DLC adds new dimensions to it, and there's workshop mods available. If you like real-time strategy this is a nice one to try as long as you remember that blowing stuff up isn't always the best approach."
,Recommended,243970,27807708,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Vitoon the MF,"Good stealth game,high replay value"
,Recommended,243970,27816960,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,ImmortalNights,"Great turn based stealth game with high replayability. Is very difficult and can sometimes feel like you are starting out perfectly with all the best loot, to suddenly find yourself in a near impossible mission where you loose it all and can't help but start over again, because this time, it'll be different."
,Recommended,243970,28009494,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Thexor,"Excellent game that comes highly recommended if you enjoy either stealth games or roguelikes (or both!).The stealth mechanics are consistent and predictable. When played carefully, the game acts almost like a puzzle game, as you manipulate guards to avoid detection. Pure stealth is complicated by the escalating security measures, which add a soft time pressure to the game; take too long, and added patrols will eventually overwhelm you.Roguelike mechanics are present, in the form of a short campaign designed for replayability, randomized loot opportunities, and of course permanent death and loss. The game is designed to be played numerous times, with different strategies and difficulty levels; a choice of many different agents and initial programs means that you can try out different builds and techniques with each run through the game.There are a few minor gripes. Many agents and gadgets just feel subpar compared to their alternatives. Stat breakpoints are everywhere, most obviously Anarchy 2 to unlock pickpocketing (which gives you all the loot from guards without needing to KO them, a very valuable mechanic in a game where KO'd guards will get back up and start hunting you!). The game feels less balanced the later it stretches, though the vanilla game features a time limit that'll keep the length fair.All things considered, I'd strongly recommend the game. A few flaws are overwhelmed by a slew of positive and well-executed mechanics, plus a beautiful art style and engrossing world."
76561198004951303,Recommended,243970,27909050,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Mayate,Buy it. You'll hate it but you won't be able to turn it off.
76561197961133819,Recommended,243970,27521929,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Lord Midas,"Damn, this game makes you think. Pretty and challenging. Beautifully designed."
76561198097601682,Recommended,243970,16499051,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,MrCopious,I really enjoy how the stealth and strategy elements compliment each other in the game.
,Recommended,243970,16912443,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Fahrenheit-451F,"Great game, very addictive and keeps in suspense. It is a pity that a very short game. The developers could have done 4 times longer than now."
,Recommended,243970,16929010,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Alpha & Omega,"In short Klei Entertainment always makes awesome games, if you like stealth parted with XCOM, that has a lot of replay value and you like to think about your next turn, then this is a must have for you.There isn't really any turn-based stealth games out there, at least I don't know any. So it's really something new and I love the game already.10/10"
,Recommended,243970,16929039,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,constantcompile,"Genuinely suspenseful. After a very, very close call in one mission, I could feel my heart pounding.This game is very difficult, but also very fair - you choose how much risk you are willing to take on. But when I say ""risk,"" note that I have never encountered a situation where the RNG seemed to blame for my failure - I either waited too long to form an escape plan, or acted rashly based on the information (or lack thereof) available.If you like the procedurally-generated controlled chaos of games like FTL or Don't Starve, where everything is going right until you slip up and it goes horribly wrong, there is no question that you should purchase and play this game."
76561198098495766,Recommended,243970,15924615,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Kim Jong Un,"Definitely a good game,random room generation and nice AI.Lesser Replay value thou :3"
,Recommended,243970,15925384,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Mr. Ee Man,"An interesting idea, but not enough variation or tough decisions to really have a lot of replayability. Worth giving a go."
,Recommended,243970,15925691,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Naqel,"One of the most finely crafted gameplay experience in the history of gaming, wrapped in a distinct visual aesthetic and superb audio."
,Recommended,243970,15928587,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,MrEleven,This game is very fun to play and I appreciate the fact that it is challenging.  I don't really like games that hand hold you too much and this game isn't one of those.  They do a good job of giving you the right tools that you need to figure out what to do and if you screw up you legitimately feel like it was your fault.If you like a challenge and high replay-ability then get this game.
76561198071660456,Recommended,243970,22276748,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,sakuyolaughs,it's a straight up incredible game.
76561198070559031,Recommended,243970,24118516,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Zero-Integral,"A really excellent turn-based strategy game with rogue-like elements.  The theme is unique (""It's not a dungeon crawl or fantasy combat game!"") and is really thematic.  Oh, and it's hard in a good ""we're not cheating, you just need to get better"" way.  Highly recommended!"
76561198028436082,Recommended,243970,28613799,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,inadvertance,"This game is a turn by turn strategy where a couple of spy try to infiltrate a complex, with a gameplay very close to the X-com games : you mouve a couple of guys, get info, stun enemies, then the computer play and you start again. If you like strategy and intersting micro-management, this game is for you.I really like Invisible Ink, which is for me the elegent version of X-com two. There is less content, less graphics, less super-powers, but the ones that exists have intersting interaction, and therefore the gameplay is funnier than the one in the X-com series.- first randomness is correctly managed. No unlucky shots, or bad luck when performing and action. Everything you do will work, but the enemy reaction and the level layout are randoms. This is definitively a good decision as it create the illusion that the enemy has a plan, and it makes exploration crucial.- then, exploration is fun, as it's a poker game : the more you explore, the better decision you'll take and the more loot you will gain, but the more time you will loose. And time (in fact turns) are a precious ressource : as time passes, the enemy gets stronger and you'll have more gards, more enemy programs and harder hacking to handle.- then the game is more readable : this is simple 2D, with simple cover, and simple actions. You don't have to try everything 10 times to understand how it works. Things just do what's written in the description, that's intuitive and cool. Difficulties comes from poker and interaction, not from hard to understand interface.So if you like strategy, you'll like this game.Here comes the usual paragraph about music and graphics. In fe words, they do the job. Graphics are cool, with a style that fits perfectly well in a High-tech spy game and easy to read. There is no anoying stuff (like bad rotating camera, useless details, anoying particles, fog or whatever graphics cards sellers likes, but gamers hate), and no creative or awsome things. And the music is the same way : minimal ambiant.And now, here is the paragraph about the invisible pink unicorn. She's in the game, but you cannot see her, as she's as invisible as the ink. But as she's pink, we're pretty sure that the invisible ink is pink."
76561197989906616,Recommended,243970,30986159,Posted: 6 April,all,Steboost,Tactical turn based stealth espionage. A great alternative to X-com especially for those who prefer things a bit more sneaky beaky. Short campaign designed with replayability in mind.
,Recommended,243970,28558712,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,sidav94,The best roguelike-like tactics in the whole Steam. Just that.
76561198036956010,Recommended,243970,28605268,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,billjlewis,"Incredible stealth TBS game. Difficulty ramps up at a good clip and resources are limited so you are forced to balance what you want to bring vs. what you need to bring while still leaving space for future upgrades and for objectives. Enemies are distinct and interesting, which caused me to focus on particular corporations that my team was better suited for. Despite what some negative reviews state, there is always a way to beat a level. You just may not be able to find it. I've repeatedly had all my agents down but one, max alarm, guards everywhere, etc. and still beat the level without losing anyone permanently. It's also a nice feature that if you do leave behind an agent, you can always break them out of a prison on a later mission.tldr: Brilliant game. Get it if you have the brainpower and patience for it."
76561198083574342,Recommended,243970,28533978,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Drawciawitch,"A unique and addicting roguelike experience that gives me the same good feelings I got from Pokemon Mystery Dungeon and GBA Fire Emblem as a kid. The way the game values stealth and cunning over brute force is so refreshing for the roguelike genre. Also, I love the several different difficulty modes and the custom campaign options. A nice way to make the difficulty just right for diferent kinds of players!Fell in love the first time I saw it, and am definitely still playing it for months to come!"
76561198211912976,Recommended,243970,28520739,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,tomandpug123,"I love this game! I beat the easy campaign, and now I'm hooked! I love that there is an endless mode and that you can customize your own settings, it draws me in and I feel like more roguelikes should have this feature."
76561198104940530,Recommended,243970,27922106,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,SCCCP96,"If you're a turn-based strategy nut or like gritty puzzles and systems, this is your game. People who liked the stealth element of XCOM2 will especially enjoy it, as it plays out similarly but you can remain in stealth as opposed to having your cover blown for the remainder of the level as in XCOM2 if you don't run a scout-only squad. The campaign is also shorter and offers more missions to choose from than XCOM2 at any point, although you are limited by the campaign's time limit of 72 hours. Contingency Plan adds items and upgrades that spawn in all modes as well as adding more play modes such as an extended campaign mode. Lots of replay value and difficulty scaling."
76561198027787914,Recommended,243970,27903642,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Malerick,"Very enjoyable, with fantastic gameplay and a sweet art style."
,Recommended,243970,27894724,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,The_Marve11,Truly fanatstic game - not played a better turn-based strategy game since the modern XCOM. Well worth buying.
76561197986157419,Recommended,243970,28021949,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,CaptainJoker,"Was my personal game of 2015 while it was still in early access.Also is my personally favorite game of all time with its dynamic soundtack, ingenius innovations and a Rogue Lite that is always tough but fair."
,Recommended,243970,27063584,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,weedan,"Klei has gone done it once more.  Their ability to blend a fresh graphic style with near flawless stealth mechanics and a good story is impressive.  I find myself staying up well past a respectable bed time to play ""one more mission"" which is generally a good sign of a fun game.There is this sinking feeling that the mechanics of Invisible, Inc. are very much the mechanics that I was hoping for in the first place with the ""Shadowrun"" series.  Sneaky about, avoiding patrols, disarming cameras and augmenting your agents is all very cyberpunk and it system flows very nicely.  Harebrained take notes...  reminds me a bit of Shadow Watch from the late 90s as well which I have fond memories of as well.If you are looking for a fun turn based, team tactics stealth game then look no further then Invisible, Inc."
,Recommended,243970,28026390,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,ΚΙΣΙΤΟ,"Combine stealth and turn-based element to become Invisible, Inc. If you like XCOM, you would want to get your hand on this game. The game is so intense that you might replay the level... a LOT...VERY much recommended for XCOM fans..."
,Recommended,243970,28023962,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Crashaire,Great
,Recommended,243970,28010196,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,zemdu,9/10 Very fun roguelike game. I like the randomness. Still haven't won it yet (Skipped straight to experienced)
,Recommended,243970,27022067,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Aver,I'm simply amazed. Klei did it again. Thank you Klei! :)
76561198083783063,Recommended,243970,27042834,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,HoboJewFro,"This game is really neat, blending stealth with tactial based gameplay. Pretty interesting storyline, too."
76561198005775799,Recommended,243970,15933571,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Soulvoid,"If you like the graphic style of Mark of the Ninja, and the game play of X-com and Shadowrun."
,Recommended,243970,27038769,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Edgeamacated,"Invisible Inc. is a difficult Turn-Based Strategy Stealth game set in a world of mega corperations. You play in short campaigns of a handful of levels made with randomly procedurely generated rooms. The goal is gaining enough money through the use of stealing artifacts, dosh or valuable data from a VIP's brain to upgrade your team of agents after the initial collapse of Invisible.I like to think of this game as a blend of FTL: Faster Than Light, XCOM and Mark of the Ninja (a previous game developed and plublished by Klei Entertainment). Each playthrough can be completed in 1-2 sittings and the difficulty of the game makes each run a stressful but fulfilling exercise for stategy minded players.Every turn each of the agents in play are given action points (derived from the stats of the agent; upgradable with money) to perform moves, actions with items equipped and interactions with the environment across an isometric playing field. These environmental objects must first be hacked primarily with the Incognita system, a re-purposed A.I that can break down firewalls with the spending of power which can be replenished via consoles (as you progress, items and agent abilities can also accomplish this).There are layers of stategy with the cast of agents, the spread of item variety and the different programs to equip Incognita that make this short game replayable in alternate playstyles (hidden, sneaky with tazers, tazers and sleep syringes, full-on assault with firearms etc.) This stylish gem of a game deserves to be played by more people and the developers should be proud of how polished this Early Access game turned out."
,Recommended,243970,26937621,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Z E H,HEY!.........investigating...
76561198068366996,Recommended,243970,26963808,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Hawk Lee,Quite a bit of fun and a good challenge
,Recommended,243970,26949315,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Julian V,"Original Game, like xcom and low resource consumer"
76561197984641741,Recommended,243970,26915323,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Vanish,"A roguelike stealth version of Xcom. Invisible Inc is an inredibly tense and strategic game, and after multiple playthroughs I was still finding new strategies. Must buy for any fan of stealth gameplay."
,Recommended,243970,26784113,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Robert,"This game is very simple to learn and only easy to master if you keep the difficulty low. Lots of interesting ways to complete missions, many varied styles of play and you are encouraged to seek them out. An absolute blast."
,Recommended,243970,26863849,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,twitch.tv/qBICS_tv,one of the best stealth games i have played in a long time
,Recommended,243970,26686117,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,kome360,"Invisible Inc. plays out as a stealth-focused Shadowrun Returns with limited resources and varied methods of getting past enemies.""Combat"" in this game involves masterfully sneaking, neutralizing, and outsmarting your enemy. You CANNOT take them in a fair fight. Their armor stops sniper rounds, their aim is perfect, and their allies are varied. But they are dumb muscle, and they rely on machines too much for their own good. Problem is, you only have a limited ammount of processing power to hack their stuff. And unlike most stealth games, you cannot take your time; hacking into the system leaves a trace, and as they slowly realize what is going on they will send in more forces and their own hackers to even the playfield.The base game feels constricted, as you never really get enough resources to smooth out a playstyle build. However, there are MANY different customizable game modes that you can play at your leisure to practice. As a stealth game in a world of shooters, you will likely lose from lack of experience. But as you learn the game, each failed campaign nets you experience points to unlock new starter characters and hacking tools to smooth out your developing playstyle.The only real problem I had was that the proceedurally generated levels seemed... too branched out? Without any meaningful interconnections, a level could have you jump all over the place and force you to miss out on some sweet loot because you didn't have the time or resources to hack things open and get there, even if said resources were in an adjacent room with no interconnecting door.This is a good game for varying your library."
,Not Recommended,243970,23492366,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Sogad,"Too random, too hard. I played 2 hours then I uninstalled it"
76561198026887950,Recommended,243970,22544028,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,NJlinger,"Better than XCOM! Invisible Inc is my favorite game in my 100+ title Steam library!This game took me over 100 hours to beat expert-plus mode but it was worth it! The game takes 4-5 hours for a play through and the levels are procedurely generated. There are a wealth of unique agents, programs, and rewards so every play through really is different.There is a steep learning curve- you will die a lot. This is the point and this is how you learn, don't despair! It's important to balance patience with aggressive exploration. It's ok to usually play it safe, especially in higher difficulties! Here are some hints (or rather basic mechanics that you shouldn't overlook):1. Always peak or open a door before running into a new room.2. If you peak into a room with the door already open, the whole room is visible (good for corner cameras).3. Only hack what you need to for your current situation, conserve power when possible.4. Don't kill or KO gaurds if you can help it. Let them walk in the same predictable patterns as long as possible.5. Run when enemies won't be able to hear you (within 5 paces?).6. Upgrade agents to Anarchy level 1 then steal credits and passcards without KO'ing guards.7. If you screwed up and are going to use a rewind on this or the next turn, have other agents sprint to scout the map.8. Use Alt to see a guard's vision lines. You can run in the diagonal red shaded squares to distract them.Hope this helps. Make Invisible Inc 2, Klei!!!!"
,Recommended,243970,26724001,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Klio,"A really solid strategy game.  For someone who has to get up from the computer a lot during gaming, I appreciate the simplicity mixed with complexity that the game allows.  All around recommendation.  Completed in 20 hours, see myself playing at least another 20. Catch on sale for a really strong game at discount."
,Recommended,243970,27120911,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Henny,"Surprisingly delightful concoction of a cyber-espionage turn based sneak simulator where the best addictive 'one more turn' qualities of XCOM is blended with uncompromising stealth ideals of Thief.Conscientious meticulous play is always rewarded although sometimes random elements like map layout and guard patrol patterns can and will throw your best laid plans in disarray. This encourages improvisation and is precisely why it is so satisfying to come out by the skin of your teeth when gods of the odds are stacked against you. If your agent gets caught, you will have opportunities later on to rescue them. Needless to say, agents are invaluable as later procedurally generated maps get bigger and increasingly populated with advanced security gadgets plus armoured guards.A skilled player can manipulate guards in a myriad of ways ranging from intentional agent reveals to misdirect them from one part of the map to another, footfall distractions and enterprising use of door and security cam mechanics. There are many different synergies between Incognitas’ programs and items/character builds to discover over multiple rogue like playthroughs.Ultimately Invisible, Inc is at its superlative best when that emergent gameplay moment hits you in the guts out of nowhere as you realise, for greater good of the Agency, that one agent whom you have grown so attached to over numerous close calls and mission triumphs will have to be left behind."
76561198049262437,Recommended,243970,27134271,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,(J___R),Intersting and the voice over were great the game play is good too
76561198011324384,Recommended,243970,27161360,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,The Nard Dog,Very cool stealth/strategy game.  Tons of unlockable characters make it very replayable.
,Recommended,243970,27176083,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Rupin,"A great Tactical turn-based strategy game.Core mechanics is excellent with great replayability.Feels like X-Com but more stealthy. Definitely amongthe best game I've ever played.If you like X-Com and a Turn-based fan, this one is a must."
76561198007398149,Recommended,243970,27186716,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Frozen In Ice,"Invisible, Inc offers amazing sci-fi, turn-based, stealth strategy with randomly generated levels. The situations that you get yourself into builds a lot of tension, and it feels great when you manage to save all of your operatives when it look liked not everyone was going to survive.My only critques are that the campaign was fairly short and the story pretty weak. There is a good amount of replayability to partially offset that, but I wish there was more. The DLC is also great."
76561197960284383,Recommended,243970,27126241,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,gimck,Great game as long as this is your style. Basically a Rougelike/stealh/xcom. Greed or saving your items can really screw up your day on higher difficulties!
,Recommended,243970,27139933,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Right Boob,"Best espionage game ever, hands down. I can't recommend this game enough."
,Recommended,243970,27079110,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Raynerd,"Quite fun, good for a quick round."
76561198056352408,Recommended,243970,26752794,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Mangust,"The game is very unique and interesting to play though it's a bit tough (though you can always chose simpler difficulty).I like the graphic that is very unique and distinctive style like no other game I've seen.One miuns is that there's close to none story in the campaign, like e.g. FTL, but that does not prevent interesting gameplay.I have wrote a bad review here before thinking that I lost my progress as ar result of a bug which happened not to be true, just a bit misunderstood UI on my side and I got help right away from the developer which is a nice add-on to the game :)All in all I recommend this game.P.S. Everyone who like FTL should find it the same type of gameplay here (different combination  of items that you get that you can combine to try survive the next level), though absolutely different setting."
76561197991329992,Recommended,243970,27281670,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Kr4t0s,Fun!
,Recommended,243970,27261597,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Creamium,"Klei does it again! If you're the type of person who relishes a challenge, look no further than this top-notch turn-based espionage simulator. You'll feel like a real spy - take it from me - I'm a good spy boy."
,Recommended,243970,28823161,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Ro11ingBoy,Another high quality game by Klei
,Recommended,243970,28713051,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Knu,"Very similar to XCOM, a must have if you like the genre. It's not very long (the campaign took me around 9h) but it's very well polished (as you'd expected by Klei - small team, small games, always very well polished) and enjoyable. The only downside of this game is the story which is, in my opinion, not very solid. I'd love to see more and to know more about the world of invisible inc!"
76561198037511927,Recommended,243970,29124872,Posted: 8 January,all,redjoda,Rouge-like based on sneaking...Yes please
76561198115564275,Recommended,243970,29127173,Posted: 8 January,all,vascomiranda.64,it's a fun game with infinite posibilities
76561198014519364,Recommended,243970,29127176,Posted: 8 January,all,Melkor,"Welcome to Invisible Inc, a industrial espionage agency who once belonged to a conglomerate of corporations that rules the world, after playing between the lines for hire the agency was attacked. You begin the story with the fall of Inisivle Inc, hit by a mysterious corporation that's had enough of your espionnage through the years. Most of your agents are KIA and MIA, as you progress through the campaign whether you fail or not you gain experience to unlock a numerous amount of agents who have unique augments and starting items.The Progession of the game is inherently the unlocking of hacking programs and agents that you can choose at the beginning of the campaign. This is why the campaign has replayability, lots of replayability. Though there is one ending and the story is linear between your progression the agents and programs you unlock give you a tad bit more insight into the lore, and different ways to play the game as well. There is various amounts of modes you can play whether you up the difficulty, go into a time based mode where you can't pause or whether you've become an expert at the game you can still ramp up the difficulty to ludicrous amounts.There's an Endless Mode which is truly the bread and butter of the game, as the campaign after playing it can be repetitive, endless mode had a different story and truly a endless one, as you get further in the mode it becomes difficult to the point of near impossible, it's endless potential of difficulty is what kept me playing this game.The soundtrack is astounding by my standards, I often listen to it on my own accord, the gameplay and mechanics are simple but combined with it's strategic basis it still provided moments of difficulty. The DLC is worth it and you should also download rescuable archivable agents mod to enhance the game.The game isn't without some flaws however. Some archivable agents you unlock cannot be rescued in some rescuable missions within the campaign ( Detention center missions) which means more often than not you'll only run into the traditional combination of agents that you've most likely tried before in a previous playthrough. You can solve this problem downloading the mod choose which agents spawn in the detention centers. The campaign is will only last approximately 10 hours for each playthrough so the story is short.The story is very well written and great but very scarce in it's presentation, only giving you glimpses of the story and history of it's universe through very rare dialogue between agents, or between the missions(which always happen), and through the profiles of the agents you unlock ( also their archivable versions ), but still lacks in quantity. It can leave you asking more questions than when you left with.r8ing = 8.9/10"
76561198314420297,Recommended,243970,26971186,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Lankton1012,Looking for a tactical stealth game that makes you feal like a spy team then Invisible Inc is for you
,Recommended,243970,29141875,Posted: 9 January,all,Mean Mr. Mustard,"Mean Mr. Mustard's short Invisible, Inc. review1) Essential - buy it NOW2) Recommended - buy it on sale3) AvoidTime to complete – 5 hours to complete campaign on 'Beginner' difficultyPlayed multiplayer? N/AWorth revisiting? Yes, game is designed to be replayed multiple times, with new unlocks and increased difficulty levels offered as an incentiveBest part – The way the game is designed to encourage repeat playthroughs is what makes Invisible, Inc. unique in the turn-based stealth genre and provides an addictive and satisfying gameplay loop.Worst part – Missions do not have a lot of variety and can become repetitive. I found limiting myself to one or two missions per play session helped alleviate any possible monotony."
76561197969544001,Recommended,243970,30992979,Posted: 7 April,all,T0DdL3RT1CkL3R,"This is one of the best stealth games on steam, probably second only to Mark of the Ninja, which Klei also created.This game will appeal to you if you like strategy and value challenging yourself on repeat runs on harder difficulties (the harder difficulties get quite tough without being cheap). If you are looking for depth of story you're not playing the right game. If you're looking for Klei quality stylized art assets with great sound and good tactical stealth gameplay then look no further.Imagine X-COM mixed with Mark of the Ninja and you get this gem, wonderful art that it is that I have no doubt you will love."
,Recommended,243970,28950860,Posted: 2 January,all,JayVee,Xcom with stealth mechanics!
,Recommended,243970,28963419,Posted: 2 January,all,Lorens,"I'm not found of turn-based games, but this one I tried just for the sake of being made by Klei. At the end of 4 or 5 days I've played it straight forward. The story is pretty simple but it is so well voiced and picturized, just like Mark Of The Ninja - the game that made me like Klei a lot.So, if I haven't all other ""stationary"" games waiting to be played, I would replay this one, for sure.Also, I played it on my 4th gen Core I3 Intel HD 4400 hooked up on a Full HD monitor (game running at 1080), smooth at all times."
76561198031386640,Recommended,243970,19218894,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Sonicslayer,"This game is incredible. An interesting turn-based stealth game with a fair amount of content, a good soundtrack, and distinct artstyle are present but what really sets Invisible Inc. apart is the difficulty. When you start the game for the first time, the game advises you to start with beginner difficulty, and rightly so. I struggled to beat the campaign on the easiest difficulty on my first run, which never happens. However, what Invisible Inc. does best is pushing you to think several steps ahead everytime you play. Even when you've got four, well-upgraded agents towards the later stages of the game, if you mess up one move you get **** on. Combine that with randomly generated levels and you've got possibly the best stealth game ever made. Fantastic job Devs, will be looking for more where this came from. 9/10P.S. Try not to use Internationale (good luck) >.<"
,Recommended,243970,24073201,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,PinkChocolatex,"I initially played Invisible, Inc. before having played XCOM, so I understand why people say that they're similar.This is a turn-based tactical strategy game--the movement of the units is very similar the FFTA (and other games like it).  Your main goal is to get in and out under the radar. You really don't want to be shooting it up.I really enjoyed the plot and the character backstories are also quite nice.Would recommend it to anyone looking for a slightly challenging game but casual enough to just pick it up."
,Recommended,243970,28891154,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,finnegans wake,"Absolutely brilliant, one of the best rogue-likes around. Can feel a bit punishing on the harder difficulties, specifically when you lack vision in first turn."
,Recommended,243970,29122637,Posted: 8 January,all,=T$E= Philsco,"Why did I ever uninstall this game during the ""Great Disc Purge of 2015?""It deserved to stay!  And thus, it is coming back to me, where it belongs...!Honestly, this is an excellent game.  Solid mechanics, great artwork, and gameplay that is as deep or dirty as you want!  Definitely one to try, and worth every penny at full price."
,Recommended,243970,29153191,Posted: 9 January,all,SirNosis,I wish I had paid full price for this game! Amazing!
,Recommended,243970,29119436,Posted: 8 January,all,gee,"During my first playthrough I found the game incredibly hard, even on easy! (And I was seriously considering not starting on easy as I rarely start on the first difficulty... good thing I didn't do that!). It was so hard, I had trouble enjoying it.I finished the main game by sacrificing half of my team, the initial and good members, in the brutal last mission. I tried the first DLC mission, but with only one member with a weapon and both not upgraded... I gave up.I then looked online, learned about my major mistakes and restarted from the beginning. I'm still not super good but just reached the last mission of the main game, didn't lose any mission yet and I'm enjoying it so much more!I ended up finishing the game + DLC with never losing once, and enjoying it so much more than the first time! I thought I the ending was pretty cool too, a bit open to a sequel maybe, though without spoilers it would seem to be much harder.The fact that so much of the game is randomize made it so that I didn't mind at all restarting the game right away, as it doesn't feel like I'm it redoing the same thing. It's super rare if not never seen of me replaying a game twice in a row (well to be fair, it's also because I felt I stood no chance for the DLC missions so not really replaying it for itself...).All in all I doubted my purchase for a bit but now I'm happy with the game!"
76561198157011605,Recommended,243970,28895294,Posted: 1 January,all,Rucun,"If you are a fan of the turn strategy games there is no error buying invisible inc, it's a incredible twist on the genreThis game is a small masterpiece that Im glad to have played, gameplay is superb with many interesting mechanics and the replay value is Incommensurable. You can literally have more than  100 hours in this game easily.But be adviced, altought the story is pretty good and the voicework is AMAZING this is a game that you should play mostly because of gameplay. For a game focused on gameplay the story is very well made and is a great part of it, but not the main selling point. The art is also gorgeous and fit perfectly with the setting of the world.seriously, if they made a sequel where the gameplay was the same with just a different story and minor smalls additions to maps and characters I would buy it and STILL feel happy, because this game is amazing, I really hope this gets a sequel because I regret no paying full price, this game is worth every cent.The only ""negative point"" is that the story is short, but as I said the gameplay is the focus and the replay factor very good."
76561197967695981,Recommended,243970,28585752,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,NotTheBirds,"A turn-based stealth game with heavy roguelike elements. Tense but calming. Tough and unforgiving but fair, as all enemies play by the same rules as you and practically everything that The Corporations use to hinder your team can, with a bit of planning and investment, be turned around and used instead for your benefit."
,Recommended,243970,28835765,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Tall Paul,"A very well-balanced turn-based stealth game. Higher difficulties are brutal, but rarely unfair."
,Recommended,243970,30990375,Posted: 6 April,all,Sentuis,HARD BUT GOOD
76561198053381356,Recommended,243970,28789143,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Nguyen or Lose,I love Don't Starve and Klei and their amazing games and regret that I haven't played this game earlier. It amazing and nothing  can beat leaving a pile of dead bodies behind when you find a lethal laser or turret or killer drone!
76561198084447333,Recommended,243970,28802515,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Slippery Stair,This game is right up my street so it is.Love the setting. Love turn-based stuff. Love tactical gameplay. Love stealth.Highly recommended!
76561198006412029,Recommended,243970,28808642,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,daruka2000,"Invisible is challenging and themic.It ended as abruptly as it begun.Would appeal to fans of FTL type of games.I am not the type of gamer who likes to see if he can beat the level at all odds, and yet I enjoyed this game because it felt real the whole time I was playing it."
76561198079853339,Recommended,243970,28847069,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Acenorth,A great game that requires a lot thinking and challenges you on every run.
,Recommended,243970,28711603,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,panth3reon,"With all its different agents, augments, skills, and items there is a lot to explore. Tons of replay value, as every mission is procuderally generated so you never get the same map twice.I'm also loving the alarm system. Each turn, the counter increases, so that every five turns the alarm level is raised and a new security feature is implemented. It forces you to be faster; you have to know when to leave and decide if looting that last safe over there is /really/ worth it.If you don't like that though, you can just turn it off. There is a great amount of customization options so for anyone who is failing Experienced difficulty like me - don't worry, you can simply get rid of the thing that causes you to fail. Put more power stations into each level, make the maps smaller, disable the automatically increasing alarm, place more safes to loot. Whatever it is that frustrates you; you can get rid of it with one click.10/10 would absolutely recommend if you like strategy games."
76561197971127571,Recommended,243970,26719677,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,The_Real_Black,"Nice game, hard game, like the tags say ""rogue-like"".The story is on ""easy"" in 10h over, but it is not even the important part it is the gameplay it self.Where to hide and find new items, sneak away from the NPC? #replayvalue"
,Recommended,243970,29287105,Posted: 15 January,all,Vladkins,9/10 - Very fun turn based tactical stealth game. For any fan off fftactics/stealth games/xcom+ Very cool artstyle and intuitive game mechanics make this a joy to play+ Solid game concepts and challenging enemies/alarm(time-attack) system+ Extensive customization with good balance - all concepts are well integrated and used+ To some degree this can be considered a rogue-like due to quick standard campaigns+ Excellent polish and presentation+ 10+ Re-installs due to frustration & addictive nature of the game
,Recommended,243970,29494666,Posted: 25 January,all,Esoteric,Good game.
,Recommended,243970,29737743,Posted: 6 February,all,AlmostMatt,"It's a turn based strategy stealth game where the only randomness is the map generation.  All sorts of difficult layouts and traps can be bypassed with some creativity or patience, and even the moments where you mess up and are spotted are pretty exciting."
,Recommended,243970,29738121,Posted: 6 February,all,Crioca,"Fantastic game. The gameplay is tense and suspenseful, the visuals and atmosphere are great, but what impressed me the most is the way the game breaks new ground in terms of stealth games. The developers have taken a bunch of familiar mechanics and combined them in such a way that it does something entirely new. I rate it up there with Dwarf Fortress and Minecraft as one of those games that manages to carve out a new genre."
,Recommended,243970,31037843,Posted: 9 April,all,TinTans,"I absolutely loved this game!  The storyline is intriguing and the gameplay is wonderful.  I also really liked the design of the characters and the animations - it reminded me a lot of Mark of the Ninja (surprise surprise)I only played the beginner level and that was pretty challenging!  I very quickly learnt that patience was key, and sprinting everywhere was not a good idea!  I've ended up with 10 guards in one room and a couple of my guys just hiding behind a bed before because of this - that was bad planning!This is a turn based game where you'll have 1-4 agents in the field.  Each agent gets a number of actions (starting off with something like 8 but can be more depending on upgrades) which you can use to move, hack, knock out etcSimply knocking out the enemy can be fairly limited (they wake up after a number of turns or raise the alarm if killed) meaning that this game is very reliant on actually sneaking around guards as opposed to being able to knock everyone out on the way.  This makes the game way more challenging and fun.You can observe guards though which enables you to see where they are heading, and this allows you to plan out your next move accordingly.You can find new agents, upgrade their stats, install cybernetic implants, buy items for them to use, upgrade incognito (the system that lets you hack into other devices)You can hack into their system to take down cameras, turrets, lasers, you can even hack into their robots and control them for a little while!The moment I picked up this game I was addicted and I had to keep playing.  I would definitely recommend anyone to pick this up if you like stealth and strategy."
,Recommended,243970,22546094,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,King Khalid,"If you love XCOM, you'll definitely love this!"
,Recommended,243970,29807104,Posted: 9 February,all,Haigotron,"It's a fantastic turn based stealth game. The tension is always kept high and every move seems risky. The procedural levels keeps things fresh on each mission. Furthermore, the fact that everything is out of reach (both financially and physically) makes you really feel like an underground group of hackers against a large corporation.Only drawbacks is that the levels all have a single visual look which makes it somewhat repetitive and of course the procedural levels sometimes put you in impossible situations."
,Recommended,243970,29792009,Posted: 8 February,all,Einer Von Denen,"Like Mark of the Ninja and Don't Starve, this is another outstanding game by Klei Entertainment. It takes elements of stealth games, XCOM, Shadowrun and rogue-likes and merges them together to create a tense strategy game about a secret agency that infiltrates companies in a dystopian future.While there is an enjoyable main plot in the campaign, the main focus of the game lies in it's gameplay. Its rogue-like nature, its random elements and the fact that the campaign is not too long (without the DLC at least) let's you enjoy the game multiple times even after you have beaten it the first time. IF you have beaten it. I say that because the game can be really brutal at times (in a really enjoyable way). Unlike many rogue-likes, the game is very accessible and not too complex but the depth it achieves by combining all its elements is great. While permadeath and limited ways to undo mistakes appeal to rogue-like fans, the game is highly customizable and you can enable retries and rewinds to make the game easier for you if you like.Apart from the good gameplay and the clean UI, the music is amazing and adds to the tension. Starting out relatively quite it ramps up and when everything goes down in flames on the screen, the music let's you know. And everything will go down in flames. Every game. Even if you think you have everything under control, something will happen. Part of the fun is getting out of these situations unharmed.If you dig strategic games, rogue-lites, and stealth games you should definitely check out Invisible Inc. I did not think I would enjoy the game as much as I do, but I tried it anyways because I liked Klei's previous games and was not disappointed. It does a lot of things right and checks enough boxes for me to let me do ""just one more mission""."
76561197970290721,Recommended,243970,29584230,Posted: 30 January,all,gazunka,loved it!buy it!
76561198060056937,Recommended,243970,31048399,Posted: 9 April,all,zhang.dianmu,Klei games are the best!
76561198080061765,Recommended,243970,31332903,Posted: 23 April,all,Supreme Anarch,"I very much enjoyed this game. The stealth aspects work well with the ""high information"" style of the game. Although the campaign is short, I have found it very replayable. The DLC is also quite worth it, and it adds to the already significant challenge. The game also has excellent music."
,Recommended,243970,11898123,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,parkerwoof,"A wonderful mix of clasic stealth gaming and take turn grid based strategy like Fire Emblem or X-com with less enfasis on combat. It also has procedurally generated levels and dungeon crawling mechanic's.I am a bit of a Klei fan boy, that beeing said I gave this my own personal GOTY and its has been amazing since beta. Now that it is fully release the amount of conetent is awesome."
76561198123692041,Recommended,243970,12496712,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Wasteful Dan 2000,Good game.
,Not Recommended,243970,17482258,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Pastyness,"Like any rouge strategy game you're going to get ♥♥♥♥ed from not knowing better and the rng. This game spices it up focusing on stealth, hacking and...outright tile abuse!The difficulties make you have to die a lot before you realize how you need to play in order to beat it, the game is short though. Too short actually, the game is meant to rush you but, i find it hard to build my team into anything i want by the end.There are a lot of upgrades to find and youll only have access to a select few. Thats not the problem tho, the fact is that most of the upgrades you can find are complete garabage. Now you can sell them for half price but, thats assuming you stole it, which is a let down either way.Basically its in your best intrest to browse every type of upgrade station you come across. You might get killed not having it, you might get killed trying to get it.Maybe im just too used to them but, the starting agents and programs seem to be the best starting kit. Not just easiest to play but, the most practical.The game is better than good but, its not great either, its definately missing some polishing. Hard to tell if i even want to get the dlc expansion. It looks more or less the same, add new things in, strat changes, get ♥♥♥♥ed for not knowing better.5 out of 10 dameons"
,Recommended,243970,31503510,Posted: 2 May,all,Kashiyuka's Legs,"Invisible, Inc. takes the old school hi-tech international super spy routine that Archer loves to parody and turns it into a riveting and deep turn-based strategy game.What to expect:-A world map with a selection of missions that must all be completed within seventy-two hours of in-game time.-Mission goals can involve securing loads of money, weapons, system upgrades or new party members-Mission maps are facility interiors divided into Fire Emblem-style squares. Your units (minimum of two and maximum of four) have a set number of actions in one turn, consumed by moving, peeking around corners, attacking enemies and more.-A cast of super spies with unique abilities and stats. As you progress, money that you steal can be used to upgrade them, buy them weapons, install augmentations into them or buy them tools.-Also under your control is a computer system called Incognita. This system can hack into the various consoles during missions to unlock money, weapons, upgrades, as well as disable security cameras, robots and more. Resources for Incognita hacking are limited, so be careful with your points.-Several difficulty levels and many options to customize a campaign. One campaign may involve six or seven missions before the finale.-Plot and story and characters are paper-thin. Honestly, that's just the window-dressing. Just focus on the really, in-depth strategy elements, alright?-Music consists of moody, dark spy themes that blend in with the technology and hacking theme of the game.-Art style depicts our characters and world in jagged, pointed shapes illuminated by bright colors just like computer monitors. I don't think anyone smiles once during this game. While the tone isn't unicorns-and-rainbows, it really isn't miserable and drained of life like a Zack Snyder film.In conclusion, Invisible, Inc. is a solid purchase for any strategy fan. There's a lot of depth and complexity, which is how I like my games. Prepare to spend a lot of mental energy into grasping and utilizing these mechanics to your advantage. I recommend trying out a few campaigns in the Easy mode first."
76561198019091039,Recommended,243970,32411079,Posted: 14 June,all,Nykon,How did I miss this? Creators of Mark of a Ninja made another amazing Sleuth game!! Very exciting and entertaining game.
,Recommended,243970,33695918,Posted: 21 July,all,Jinx8evr,"Invisible, Inc. is, as it states, a turn-based corporate espionage game. It's challenging, but sometimes I feel like it can be very frustrating when the game makes it hard for you to complete a mission by placing guards in certain places that force you to skip turns until you can actually move... which therefore increases security. But the game balances this by allowing you to keep exp. even after you've had to forfeit a campaign."
,Recommended,243970,33565837,Posted: 15 July,all,Azura,Turn-based strategy games.XCOM/Xenonauts games.Stealth games.Roguelite games.An absolute must play if you enjoy two or more from the above list.
76561198294103805,Recommended,243970,33529026,Posted: 13 July,all,Glycogen,"Splendid turn-based strategy game, love it!+Grapics: cyberpunk, sufficiently detailed, most importantly, klei like! This company has developed their unique comic style, detialed, exaggerate yet extremely smooth and delicate. That's one reason why DS series keep people spellbind. When this style fuses with cyberpunk, it's the only one of its kind.+Gameplay: Sophisticated, althernative. Equipped with the right agents, programs and assets, you will have your own way of hacking and infiltrating. The most unbelievable feat is that each map is randomly generated, with minimum bug. Every try is unique and challenging dispite limited enemy and aim types. (If you meet the correct map, you can humiliate the intelligence of your enemy easily :)Note: the game is designed to have minimum retries or rewinds. Many decisions are permanently made in one playthrough. Luckly, it's possible to tackle rewind options to some extent based on the difficulty you are choosing. But be sure not to add too much retry chances, making decisions is the hard core of this game and why it's thrilling.- plot: one playthrough is short. If you are experienced, 3~4 hours can settle the whole thing. The plot is not that interesting but just like DS series, the real fun is in the process.Try this and you won't regret!"
,Recommended,243970,33609598,Posted: 17 July,all,SaltyMedicine,"I personally love this game, and would highly recommend it. However, BEFORE buying, please read the reviews because this game may not be what you were expecting.Going into more detail here, this game's main aspect is stealth. It is nigh impossible to play this game with an aggressive playstyle, as you can only KO a guard for so long, and killing them will incur a cleaning cost, similar to Payday 2. You should always stay in cover and out of sight. Never stand out in the open. This game is very similar to XCOM, but can be very different from it. You want to stay away from disrupting enemies as YOU WILL DIE TO ONE SHOT.This game has procedural map generation, meaning no two mission will be alike. This is a good thing, and a bad thing. Sometimes the exit will be in a single hidden tile on the other side of the map while guards are slowly converging in on you. Other times, you'll find the exit right next to the objective.TL:DR, Great game, can be RNG based, and if you want to buy it, Here's a little tip from me. (you don't have have this influence your game though)Stay out of sight because you WILL get 1 shot killed.(I've only put this here because I'm sick of people not reading reviews, finding this in their queue and buying it only because it had a good rating)"
76561197981871762,Recommended,243970,33906750,Posted: 30 July,all,wildraid,"Awesome game, still one of the best in it's genre after all those years.The tension build-up in turn-base game is very real."
,Recommended,243970,34017547,Posted: 4 August,all,Aģents,"This game is very funI was a bit sceptical at first, seeing how not a lot of people talk about this game, but enjoying klei games in the past and present made me buy this, aswell as the dlc for it.It was definetly worth it.The game starts off with a message that tells you that : ""You WILL die"" And thats the point of it.The game starts off easy, the first mission is not difficult at all so you continue playing. For me - the next couple of levels were still fun and kind of easy, but later on in the tier 4 levels i hit the point where the game becomes unforgiving. Positioning is everything, managing alarm levels becomes harder and harder, money to spend becomes harder to find so you are not prepared for the next level or even the next room. Stealth becomes pretty much impossible with the amount of drones and guards, and in the last missions I was struggling to keep my items off cooldown just because there is so much that you have to do but so little you CAN do.I managed to beat the campaign of my first try but it was not easy.The game's replayability comes from its ""EXP"" system. Every time you die or win you gain xp, gaining  new characters and abilities for incognita.It's not as replayable as The binding of isaac for example, but it is a lot harder, and much more fun. With every playtrough, with every death you feel like you are getting better and better. Just the thing you want from a strategy heavy game."
,Recommended,243970,34205028,Posted: 12 August,all,joe01489,"Invisible Inc.is perfect for the turn-based strategist looking for a stealth challenge.The game revolves around corporate espionage. Basically, gameplay is stealing stuff with your spies, and getting them out alive. Each level is procedurally generated, and the longer you stay on a level, the harder it becomes. Stealth is of utmost importance because your spies will almost always lose fights. If you kill enemies, there is a cleanup fee upon completion, and money is not easy to get because your income comes from physically stealing it. There is no time limit during your turn, so there is never a need to rush. The levels are always possible, although sometimes very difficult.The campaign requires the player to make good decisions as to which facilities to infiltrate first so that later levels are more manageable, so decisions made during the level select screens are equally important. It is not necessary to complete the campaign in one run, because you can restart your ""agency"" to gain experience points and start again with more perks.Invisible Inc.is avery challenginggame that has endless hours of play, if you have the patience to persevere. The game quality is excellent and engaging to the last detail."
76561198079850302,Recommended,243970,34219841,Posted: 13 August,all,jeffgass20,"Great game, excellent blend of turn based tactics and stealthExpert is not ""real"" difficulty, experienced is real difficulty"
76561197999489902,Recommended,243970,34227841,Posted: 13 August,all,Galorit,A great tactics game with excellent difficulty level adjustment. The short and intense campaigns are perfect for those that don't want a 50+ hours game!
76561198009255286,Recommended,243970,34275017,Posted: 16 August,all,Father Jape,"I like the fact that, on Beginner difficulty, the missions are pretty much the perfect length — around 20-30 minutes. However, the game is perhaps a bit too difficult on Experienced."
76561198077323062,Recommended,243970,34267129,Posted: 15 August,all,Photon,"----- SUMMARY -----Grade : F D C B A<< S >>Main Pro: Rich variety of deliberate, to-the-point tacticsMain Con: Unrealized plot potential----- FULL REVIEW -----Invisible Inc. is easily the bestdoor-opening simulatorturn-based strategy game I've ever played. Why, you ask? Let's get right to it: Invisible Inc. doesn't mess around much with fluff and neither will I!Perhaps one of the most defining characteristics of this game is that it employs the use of heroes (aka agents) without using traditional RPG leveling. Instead, nearly everything (stat upgrades, skills, items) is purchased with money, and you can divy it up as you so choose. Efficiency and progression, then, is often defined by how well you complete a mission, not how much you utilized a particular hero.Why am I bringing this up? By removing the need for confrontation--and by extension the experience it normally brings,--the depth of tactics you can effectively employ becomes massive. Want to be dodgy by using cloaks and hologram projectors? Do that. Want to run a power-hungry setup so you can hack all the computers and drones? Sure. Or maybe you really do want to punch every security guard you find square in the face? Absolutely! Invisible Inc. can be such a surprise at times, as I constantly discover new nuances and ways to navigate my way through sticky situations.And believe me, things can get very sticky. Make no mistake: Invisible Inc. can get bonkers tough. Foes are predictable but lethal. An alarm tracker increases with each passing turn, periodically dropping new countermeasures on your squad. The procedural generation aspect of the game means you'll stay guessing... but that's actually another remarkable aspect of this game. As stealth can have an ""information warfare"" dimension to it, Invisible turns what can be a weakness of procedural generation into one of its greatest strengths. Suspense can run high, but threading the needle on a harrowing infiltration has almost no equal for me in the strategy genre. Watching a strategy you personally concocted ""beat the odds"" can make for some incredible moments.If I had one major complaint to throw out there, its the story. Look, story isn't a focus of this game, and you should know that going in. Despite that, I was severely disappointed in how the game ended. The basic narrative that's set up is fairly compelling but the game is content to use a very cliche, punch-in-the-face kind of ending that comes out of nowhere (although the DLC story expansion does a better job of setting things up.) I despised it so much, I felt as if I would have rather not had an ending!There are a couple of other thorns that could bother some people more than others. One of the few places the game does use RPG leveling is with starting loadout unlocks; this isn't a huge problem as you really should get one solid playthrough under your belt before you start havey-duty scheming, but I imagine some might find it frustrating. The story's endgame missions can have a sometimes startling difficulty spike, although some actually find that endearing.Either way, these low points are more like speed bumps than walls. These things are a lot easier to forget when the core gameplay loop is so stupid fantastic. I wholeheartedly recommend this game to anyone who is a fan of turn-based strategy games. And... yeah. Its amazing. That's pretty much it. Buy it and join the face-kicking... though I don't make any guarantees over which side will be doing the face-kicking initially. ;)"
,Recommended,243970,34246855,Posted: 14 August,all,alsonot,Fun game - nice balance between story and tatical gameplay. I want more!
,Recommended,243970,30459920,Posted: 11 March,all,Hero King Of Legend,"As a fan of Fire Emblem, I already was familiar with the tile based tactics kind of game. What I expected: A good challenge to keep up with. What I got: An interesting and hard challenge, with perma-death and everything, made me invest most of my time. I suggest buying it!"
,Recommended,243970,34325401,Posted: 18 August,all,rokmcBamm,"I enjoyed its first playthrough very much.The best part is that this game was better when I was playing it again years after purchase.Only then I realized the true beauty of this game. Countless, if not endless, replayability.Haven't tried the DLC, but the more I play it, the more appealing it seems."
76561198034655270,Recommended,243970,15802316,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,grimgrin4488,"I really love this game.  It all about sneaking.  Killing all the enemies in sight is a sure path to defeat.Edit:The game is functionally harder with all the junk tech added to the nanofactories and weird incognita software, Its harder to assemble the tech combos (high armor piercing and heavy firewall hacks) for to beat the game.   I find the current version more fustrating than before"
76561198346277325,Recommended,243970,34848926,Posted: 9 September,all,ace11o,"One of the best I have ever played. Dlc is necseary if you want to have the full Invisible, Inc experience without it its way to short. It has a great story, cool end twist, and fun to play around with game settings. Definatly one Kleis best games."
76561198057432773,Recommended,243970,22597376,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Woozie,"+Stages generate randomly so you won't feel like you are entering the same building twice.+On higher difficulties it is challenging, and very hard if you are not careful.+It's not very simple, but easy to get used to.+There are mods.-If you put a lot of time into it, it gets kinda repetitive. You will always see the same colors and hear the same music.-The campaign is very short. This game is suitable for you if you want to challenge yourself from time to time. Don't buy it if you are looking for a deep, interesting story.If you are into turn based strategy games you might want to try this one."
76561198003654330,Recommended,243970,34911083,Posted: 12 September,all,SardonicCynic,"A lot of fun, with pretty good replayability.  Combines the party-building RPG elements of a good tabletop game with the almost forgotten art of a great stealth game."
76561198002666133,Recommended,243970,34918274,Posted: 13 September,all,Puppy,Cyberpunk espionage. Yes please.
,Recommended,243970,34778260,Posted: 6 September,all,jettero,"I loved this game. It moves fast in all the right parts and doesn't seem to have any major drawbacks, aside from the rather short campaign. They seem to think replayability is a substitute for content. I like the replay options, but got tired of the small number of missions eventually."
76561198078867381,Recommended,243970,35161353,Posted: 23 September,all,Nugget,"One of the best games I've ever played. Stealth done right and turn-based gameplay done right. Even after the story ends, still played the game many many times in Endless mode.If Invisible, Inc 2 gets made. I'll be throwing my money at the screen."
,Recommended,243970,34985303,Posted: 15 September,all,Mister Raw,"I really like this tacticle espionage, always something new when attempting levels, strategy is a big thing in this game."
76561198230799568,Recommended,243970,35031987,Posted: 17 September,all,hicham.g,"great game. easy to grasp, difficult to master."
76561198004661075,Recommended,243970,35334545,Posted: 30 September,all,eightiesboi,"I just finished my first play through of this game. If you are fan of XCOM and XCOM 2, I'd definitely pick this one up! The pace is fine, the missions are neat, the graphics are cool, but most importantly, the gameplay is fun and involving! I kept staying up to finish one more mission in the campaign. Speaking of, while the campaign is really short, that is not at all a detriment to the enjoyment of this title. I wish it had a bit better in-game explanation for some of the items and upgrades (more than once, I was surprised when something didn't work *quite* how I figured it would, but these are minor quibbles. Highly recommended!"
