user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,243950,7742374,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Riaktion,"A good game...  Just one that is so strong in one part... And so weak in another two.... I find it difficult to recommend.. I think some will really love this game, and others will bounce off it. I am somewhere inbetween... And after 8 hours, I just felt like I'd had my fill.There are three parts to this game, the RTS battles where you can take the form a dragon to rain down fiery terror on your enemies while commanding your forces about and building a base... the strategy map where you move your forces around in a turn based environment, very much like the board game RISK.. and the part of the game that I call the Emperor simulator.For me, the RTS part of the game is the weakest, and ultimately what made me run out of steam and stop playing. I spent most of my time in RTS battles and to be fair they are half decent. The graphics are competent, the AI is good on Normal difficulty and although the units all kinda look the same they are varied in their functions and what they can do. You have land, sea and air units and coupled with the ability to change into a Dragon to help out a crucial time or go on a daring raid to destroy a key building is fun!    ....... For a while.It just becomes stale, at least in my opinion. Granted, I am not an extreme RTS player so maybe I don't have the grizzled veteran stripes that would see me through, but I have finished a few in my time. World in Conflict, a few C&C games, Starcraft 2, Dawn of War.. and similar games... so I feel qualified enough to say that the RTS element of Dragon Commander stops being fun and ends up repetitive and at times... a grind.Fighting so many similar battles, often on similar maps, repeating similar tactics over and over eventually erodes the fun for me and facing X amount more hours of it isn't something I relish. Most of the time selecting all your units and pointing them to the enemy base tends to work as a tactic, as long as you time it right.The strategy map is half decent, knowing where to spend your turn by turn income and when to commit your forces is crucial to success... and that part is engaging. No real complaints .. or specific praise about the map. It is clean, functional.. and works. So.. good!By far the best bit of the game however is playing Emperor. In between battles and troop deployments you will move around your command ship (a big airship powered by a demon) and speak with your generals, learn what makes them tick, settle disputes and do your best to people manage your commanders who are all very different and clearly have different ways of thinking and fighting. You'll also need to manage to needs of the people... in the form of approving or rejecting policies your council proposes.Things like a national health service, conscription, gay marriage and censorship of the media. The choices you make have direct influences on the war, impacting finances, morale and available troops.On top of that you also pick a princess to marry from one of the 5 races (I think) in the game, each have their own story arc, wants and needs and of course who you pick and what happens with them throughout the course of your game influence your standing with that particular race and how the others view you also.It is well voice acted throughout, the characters are well written and they are animated to be full of life and colour. It was a real pleasant surprise!I feel like I am just scratching the surface on this part of the game, but this facet of Dragon Commander is great... and for me..if they could of attached it to a more fulfilling game... like... well... I'm not sure.. .perhaps a fantasy kingdom manager in the mould of Anno 1404 or something? Rather than this repetitive RTS game... then I think this will have been a classic for me.Thumbs up ... because it isn't a bad game... however whether you'll fall in love with it or not... is difficult to say."
76561198002530703,Recommended,243950,9752993,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Ghizguth,"What do you expect from this game? Because if you are looking for a good RTS and turn based gameplay, Divinity Dragon Commander isn't the game that's going to scratch that itch for you, even though it employs those mechanics. But if you are looking for a conceptually interesting game, with emphasis on story, character and choices, then I dare say that Divinity Dragon Commander might be worth checking out, if and only if, you are willing to be patient with it and accept the shortcomings of the action phases, meaning the RTS battles.Divinity Dragon Commander is divided in three parts of gameplay: story and political decisions, turn based Risk-like movement troops on a military map and real-time strategy confrontation during which you can control a dragon. The three phases of the game influence each other in a delightful way: the political decision you make have an impact on all the areas of the map, and the level of bonuses you get from them, depending on the faction to which each county belongs. For example, if you are popular with the elves, your elven controlled regions will grant you more money and will also be more easy to defend. At the same time, it will be harder for the enemy to hold on to those elvish districts. Obviously, should you be less popular, those bonus would become penalties, making the game actually very difficult, even in the RTS sequences of the game, where the number of recruits, and thus units you can build, is tied to your popularity.But on that point, it needs to be said that the whole game is pretty difficult if you don't know its workings. The learning curve is all over the place. The game doesn't explain the consequence of your political decisions and the nefarious effects of a popularity of zero percent with one or more factions. Worse, going against the wishes of the undead faction, which is blessed by the gods, actually gives you a penalty during automatic battle resolutions, which is bound to happen sooner or later since you can only manage one battle per turn personally. This battle penalty can go pretty high as I found out, up to -26% apparently. I wouldn't necessarily recommend that particular experience. The RTS phases are a lot easier if you compromise you political stance and try to accommodate most of the factions, at least some of the time.The problems during the battles do not only spring from what the game doesn't establish in mechanics, but also from balancing issues. At the start of the game, you can choose from three dragons, but the differences aren't obvious: the mage-like dragon has more health and better mobility but deals the least amount of damage, whereas the biggest, fastest dragon has the best damage output, but the less health and mobility. The starting skills of each dragon are also different, but since you can unlock every talent for every dragon, it's really a none issue. The problem is that the mage-dragon deals so little damage, that it takes ages to kill anything while the enemy has no problem pummelling that particular dragon to death. Sure, in multilayer, it might make a difference, but for the story campaign, I see no point in going down that road.Also, on the turn based map, it is possible to build local improvements which in turn grant you cards that you can play before a battle to improve your odds of winning, or granting temporary bonuses to counties. But, from all the dozens and dozens of different cards it is possible to get, very clearly the tavern, which grants you mercenaries, is the best way to go. All of a sudden, you can attack an enemy, one unit against ten, and then just summon a whole army of mercenaries to take care of things.Besides these balancing issues, there is also the fact that it is possible to carry over gold between acts. There are three acts in the game, and while you are limited in what you can take with you between act I and II, there is no limit between what it is possible to import to act III. While the game puts an emphasis on rushing down opponents, it is well worth waiting a dozen turns at the end of each act to maximise the treasure, the research trees and the cards, stacking up on mercenary ones. The worst part is, winning or, at least for me, enjoying the game, seems to require using these exploits to gain the upper hand against the IA and avoiding most of the dreadful RTS sequences.Because there is no way around it, those sequences aren't well made. That they are functional is about the only good thing I can say about them. The RTS aspects of it are rather simplistic, and the tactics are seldom more developed than surviving, building a large army and dumping it on the enemy. The fact that it is possible to play as a dragon during those phases is refreshing, and it is nice to fly over the battlefield, helping you troops and raining down fire on your enemies. But this makes it almost impossible to control you troops, managing your army, buildings, etc. So it is constantly necessary to switch back and forth between dragon and RTS controls.As a balancing issue, -again!-, the speed of the game is a huge problem. It is possible to determine how fast, or slow, the RTS portion of the game can run. This means that everything can happen either twice as fast, or only at fifty percent of the speed. Here is the kicker: the dragon you control isn't influence by the change in pace, meaning that he still moves and attacks at the same speed, regardless of the speed of the enemies. This is completely broken since it means that enemies can dish out twice as much damage to you on higher speed, but only fifty percent on the lowest speed, which makes it also much more easier to dodge. So turning the speed to “slowest” during the RTS section is almost a vital necessity.But if, on paper, one third of the game is worth rushing through, the rest of it must be that much better, to compensate, right?From the start, Divinity Dragon Commander pulled me in: the introduction sequence, and it's music, set a refreshing tone for me, as well as the first contact with the generals under your command. The personality, characterisation and style really shines through during those moment. It is the most polished part of the game and the effort shows.The characters feel almost larger than life, straight out of a play, going through individual arcs with their quirks and personal demons, down one path or another, depending on your guidance. The voice acting is just perfect, I couldn't even think of one thing to improve on in that regard. It hits every mark! The dialogue made me think, it made me laugh, it completely mesmerized me. There is so much personality here, even in the background of the scenes where you make decision (like the amazing skeletal barmaid).The opinion of the player is asked constantly over subject which are sometimes trivial and funny, or very serious. It is sad to only have two options as choices, no matter the subject, but it does make things more straightforward. Although, you would be surprised how often the obvious choice isn't always the right one. I liked it a lot, but I suppose it requires a certain interest in political issues, if only to catch the jokes, the nudges and the parodies represented here.I was also very surprised by some of the different issues you get, depending on what you decided earlier. Turning down the imp faction looking to build a giant bomb will result in them coming back with a super soldier project, whereas agreeing in the first place, will only ask more and more of you in the search for the “biggest and badest explosion ever”. Each faction (of which there are five), each general (four in this case) and each queen (again, four) has one of these quests with a lot of multiple branching.Still, although I enjoyed my time with Divinity Dragon Commander, I cannot justify its full price tag, for what content I liked amounted to not even half of what the game had to offer."
76561198021676032,Recommended,243950,32447338,Posted: 15 June,all,Wingthor,"This game showed me how insufficient Steam's ""recommended/not recommended"" system really is. Even after spending 26 hours playing this game, I still wasn't sure what to make of it.Like in Divinity II, the protagonist is a ""Dragon Knight"", a powerful warrior that can turn into a dragon at will. Divinity: Dragon Commander acts as a sort of prequel to the Divinity series, the paper thin story is set before the other Divinity games.And unlike other games in the series, Dragon Commander is a strategy game, a TBS actually, although it contains RTS elements.Being a TBS, the game is turn based. Each turn consists of three different phases: The ""RPG phase"", the ""TBS phase"" and the ""RTS phase"".The first phase is the ""RPG phase"". During this phase you find yourself on the ""Raven"", an airship that acts as your base of operations. This is where you research units and upgrades and make political decisions. Politics are an important part of the game and have an effect on your popularity. There are five different races: Dwarves, Elves, Imps, Lizards and Undead. Each race is represented by an ambassador aboard the Raven. Every once in a while, an ambassador makes a proposal to create new laws or change existing ones. Although you can't please everyone, it's important to appease as many races as possible (which can be rather frustrating), as the decisions you make here often have a direct influence on the next phase.The second and most important phase is the ""TBS phase"". Apart from some minor problems, Larian absolutely nailed this part. This is similar to the board game ""Risk"". It consists of a world map with many small countries that can be conquered. This is where war is waged. During this phase, you can erect buildings. Each country on the map can have one building. Some buildings allow you to build units, others increase your income or generate ""cards"". Cards can be used to gain bonuses that last at least 1 turn or 1 battle. With cards, you can strengthen your troops, boost your economy or sabotage the enemy, depending on the type of card used.An important thing to keep in mind during this phase is that the AI has access to more resources than you and is able to build gigantic armies in no time, which often leads to intense battles and makes countries hotly contested. However this is less of a problem than it seems, because the AI sometimes behaves rather stupid, often moving units back and forth for no reason. Moving units into a country that is held by enemy troops will result in a battle at the end of your turn. You can choose if you want to let the computer decide the battle for you or if you want to play the battle. The latter option will lead to the ""RTS phase"".The ""RTS phase"" is entirely optional. Probably designed to be the most fun element of the game, it is actually quite the opposite. There are almost no positive aspects about this phase. The maps are so small that there are barely any tactical options other than mindlessly sending units towards your enemy, and the AI is ruthless, faster and much more efficient than any human player could ever be. Crap really hits the fan when you reach a certain point in the campaign and the enemy units become more powerful than yours. So now you have an AI that works faster and more efficient than you, and now it even has more powerful units! I stopped bothering with the RTS phase at that point, because every battle was destined to be a loss from the start.The one fun thing about this phase is the dragon. Being a Dragon Knight, you can enter the battlefield in dragon form during the combat phase. While fun, I found the Dragon to be disappointing in terms of power and it isn't as much of a diciding factor in battles I thought it would be. Hell, its main attack is so weak that it takes several shots to kill the weakest unit in the game, even when upgraded to do 33% more damage. The dragon can be a useful tool to support your troops in battle by casting spells, but that's about it.In the end, Divinity: Dragon Commander is a game that could have been much better than it turned out to be. There's so much wasted potential, it's outright frustrating. Considering its heavy flaws, I was wondering if I should recommend this game or not. But it is an interesting game that can provide lots of fun. If you ignore the RTS part, that is."
76561198069331307,Not Recommended,243950,7934989,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Beagleboy,"As pumped as I was to get this game, I can't help but feel like I should have done more research.  This game looks incredible at a glance, combining real time strategy with third person shooting action with a dragon (not enough games let play as dragons like that IMO) and all this complimented by the political decisions you have to make between each match.  So much to do, and yet none of it is as deep or thought provoking as you may think.On the plus side of things, the graphics and the voice and conversations of this game are pretty good.  While some of the unit designs seem uninspired, all the characters aboard the Raven (the hub you go to between turns) all have intersting designs.  Futhermore, these characters you converse with have their own distinct personalities and are generally enjoyable to listen too.  The political banters these guys  get into often reflects current real world problems, and getting to have your say in them can be fun.  However, the decisions you make are always either ""yes"" or ""no"".  This may work for some things, but other times I didn't like the all or nothing approach this game presented to me.  Overall though, this was still my favorite part, as it was fun to see their reactions.Unfortunately what you may consider to be the main part of the game, the RTS and turn based map sections are lacking.  On the map, too much comes down to sheer luck.  Whether it's what cards you get, which you can use to boost your advantage or cripple an enemy in some fashion, or just moving into the wrong place at the wrong time, there is just too much that can change in one turn.  Sure many strategy games are like this, but in this one it feels more like luck instead of skill.  In battle, the real time strategy elements are hardly even there.  It is difficult or sometimes even impossible to try to micro, and the macro only consists of taking over building plots and building one of a very limited number of buildings (only five different ones all things considered) and keeping them from being taken over.  It just feels like a tug-of-war.  The only fun thing is playing as the dragon, although I found that to be repetitive after a while as it was so much easier to sabatoge the enemy's attempts at expanding than it was to fight with my units as the designers probably hoped you would.Overall, this isn't a terrible game.  Though it has some good points, they aren't enough to overcome the badones.  I would certainly not recommend this at full price.  Even at 50% off, you may not get your money's worth, as much of the value of this game comes from playing it repeatedly and making different political decisions, but it's hard to go through all of those conversations a second time.  This game is worth a look ONLY if you are looking for a strategy game that tries some things different.  Otherwise, there isn't much here to warrant your attention."
76561198005466784,Recommended,243950,7750859,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,King Boossolini,"Divinity: Dragon Commander is of a unique sort. It's one part Real-Time-Strategy, one part RISK, one part RPG, and one part action game. This all sounds like a recipe for a messy disaster does it not? In most other cases, it would be, however, Divinity: Dragon Commander manages to pull off a good chunk of it's intended goals and then some, to create one of the more unique experiences of the year.The story begins by declaring that you are the son of the now deceased king who once ruled over the land of Rivellon. Now it is your fate that you must now compete with your brothers and sisters for the empty throne.Roughly 50% of the game is spent on your ship talking to your advisers and upgrading yourself and your forces. This is the stronger of the two halves of the game because it is here that the excellent writing is put on display. There is a colorful cast of characters to interact with and there are a ton fun and interesting choices to make as a ruler that directly impact the Strategy portion of the game.The other 50% of your game time belongs to the Strategy side of the game. This half sadly, is the weaker younger brother to the RPG elements I mentioned earlier, but it is by no means bad. Most of your movements will be made on a RISK-style campaign map as you claim territory from your siblings. Here you can play various cards to help you or hinder your foes in the battles to come. It's a little shallow overall, but it is very snappy and it's all very well-presented.The RTS sections are fast-paced and entertaining to play for one major reason and one of this game's main selling points: The Dragon Form. At any point in the battle, provided you have a enough resources, you can transform into a dragon and take direct control of it to support your forces and rain death upon the enemy. This form is wildly entertaining and it does a good job of making you feel powerful. It almost makes you forget the lack of unit variety between the factions, as there is technically only one army in the game. However, in the quick and brutal multi-player, the introduction of player-controlled dragons really spices things up and can lead to some really interesting experiences.So overall, Divinity: Dragon Commander is a very unique experience. It is also a very good one, not perfect, but considering the ambition present in this project, it turned out very well for Larian Studios. It shows a lot of ambition in a genre that is otherwise starting to hit a period of stagnation, and that alone is to be commended."
,Recommended,243950,11278987,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Goetia,"I can be a social justice warrior without tumblr? YesI can be a dragon? YesI can get married to a hot skeleton? YesI can sacrifice my wives to a demon? YesThis game was fun, definitely get it when it's on sale."
,Recommended,243950,17814889,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Meatbug,"Divinity: Dragon Commander is a pretty great mix of real-time straetgy, turn-based strategy, political simulation and action-packed third-person dragon fighting ^^You are playing as dragon commander and your task is to defeat your evil brothers and sisters and conquer Rivellon.""Raven"", your flagship, is your base of command from where you can access different rooms to plan your next steps.On said ship there are also ambassadors from different species (like elves, dwarfs, reptilians and the undead) and they will ask you every now and then to do a political decision, which also has a little impact on reputation, earned gold etc.Then, after you are done with talking to everyone and you want to start conquering, there is the world map, divided into several ""countries"" (ever played the board game ""Risk""? Then you know how it plays). Each of these ""countries"" can be conquered with your units and you can buy and build one of several buildings on it. Some give you more gold, some will grant you cards, which you can use to get extra units or other advantages in the combat.Once you bought your units, placed them, used your cards and you want to attack another country, then you will jump into real-time strategy part.The strategy part is rather simple. You have several fixed spots on the map, where you can build buildings on. First, you have to get your units there and wait a bit for them to capture them, only then you can build there.Over time, you gain points (i think they are called citizens) which you need in order to build your attack units and buildings.The one big diffenrece and fun thing here is, once you collected enough citizens, you can transform into a dragon, fly around in third person and attack the enemy, buff your units or debuff the enemy units.You are pretty powerful and can turn a seemingly lost battle into a victory, but you are not invincible.On your flagship you can buy new buffs, debuffs for your dragon, new units and upgrades for your units.It's a very well done mix, although it plays very simplistic and doesn't have the depth of other RTS games.The maps itself are also rather small and will repeat quite often.The characters are pretty well done, and also the political debates and decisions are quite fun. Most of the time they are split in half, wether they like a decision or not, so you can't please everyone always. But the impact of the decision isn't that big.Speaking of the political debates, the humor is quite good as well, the dialogues are fun and i found myself to have more interest in these, than in the rest of the game ^^Pretty early on, you are also given the choice to marry a woman from one of the species. The dialogues with them afterwards and the choices you make there are also pretty great and hilarious.The game itself is a great mix of different genres, which plays pretty good, although being rather simplistic, but still fun enough to entertain a lot, especially when you are soaring through the air as powerful dragon, crushing all those puny enemies ^^Can definitely recommend this to everyone even slightly interested in real-time strategy games. A very refreshing and unique game in my opinion, don't miss out."
,Not Recommended,243950,12969255,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Dark_Messiah,"Here is my review of the game:Pros:-Politics:This game has an extremely good politics system in place where you can make decisions that effect not only individuals but entire races as a whole. This phase is easily the best part of the game, it is well voice acted, well animated, and provides great enjoyment for most.Cons:-Map phase:The map phase is shallow to say the least, here you can play cards that improve empire related things, or build buildings that will allow you to improve income and recruit units or mercenaries. But that is all, there is nothing more here, no diplomacy, no trading, nothing that would make you want to spend time strategizing here.-Combat:This should be the most interesting part of the game, since this is the part where you get to be the dragon...for about 2-5 mins. Here are the problems with this phase:First the design choices, as in the way the units look, they are not only quite small(can't zoom in enough), but also look the same for all factions.Second, the speed of the combat is waaaaay too fast, if you want to play defensively, you are screwed, you want to build up bases, you are screwed. The only way to win is if you blob all over the enemy at the start of the battle in which case the battle ends rather quickly because if your draw it out, the enemy becomes too strong and usually you can no longer overwhelm them before you run out of resources, enjoy your 5 mins long battle without strategies and being the dragon for about 5 mins. This problem however also relates to being the dragon.Third, the dragon is strong at the beginning, but if you try and draw out the match to enjoy some base building, you will quickly find, that your dragon is becoming more and more useless as time passes on, since the enemy is improving their units all the time, they will take more hits and you will take less, in the end you will die extremely quickly, making becoming the dragon rather useless.Fourth, the units have way too many skills you can't micromanage on the same level as the ai, which can make some fights rather one sided.Fifth, and this is the largest problem with the combat by far. Mercenary cards. Why in the world would you even want to enter combat with such bad mechanics behind it when you can simply bypass it by spamming inns and mercenary cards and than using auto-combat?-The length of the skirmish matches:These only take anywhere from 25(min difficulty)-45(max difficulty) mins. I tested this by using only mercenary cards and lol i won all of my matches against highest difficulty ai in 45 mins max. This is a joke. Mercenary cards shouldn't be in the game or should be better balanced.-Story:What story? You mean the few cutscenes we get?The campaign can be completed in about 2-3 hours, which is extremely short for a game like this. The enemies are quite generic, have no personality, don't taunt you and pretty much act the same on the battlefield, or at least i haven't noticed that they did anything differently from eachother.To sum it up, the devs created a great politics mechanic in the game, unfortunately the game fails at the other parts, and for the title dragon commander, i was expecting to see more dragons or at least more often than about 2-5 mins in combat. I have the feeling that if they went with the original concept, instead of remaking the whole game halfway through in a single year, they could've achieved more, alas, it is not so.Do i recommend this game for the current price(40eur)? NOThis game is not worth 40 eur.But i do recommend you pick it up when it is on offer.The game is worth about 15-20 eur, carried by the politics and the multiplayer may give you a few hours of amusement."
,Recommended,243950,1575236,"Posted: 29 August, 2013",all,Daggorth,"This title makes for an interesting mish-mash of genres. It doesn't succeed everywhere, but it makes a good attempt.While there isn't much depth in the strategy portion of the game, the RPG/Political part is well-written and is pretty interesting. You'll regularly be called to make political decisions that are often based on today's social and economic issues. You'll need to balance your own beliefs with keeping the majority of your subjects happy. Your generals, counsals, and potential queens also have their own distinctive personalities and are fun to interact with.The main redeeming feature of the strategy portion is the ability to take to the battlefield as a jetpack-wearing dragon. Yeah, it's about as awesome as it sounds. Being able to turn the tide of a battle by shifting into action game territory has proven to be a great boon for people like myself who normally struggle with RTS but love turned-based strategy."
,Recommended,243950,10219609,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,LionsPhil,"It's different, it's interesting, it's disappointing.Fighting as a dragon is about as awesome as you might expect, and takes longer to get tired than you might think, especially if you set yourself a good range of skills. You have limited army control in this mode, so can at least fight with a thrash of units under you, radiant in the healing, damage-boosting auras you emit.But you can basically forget trying to play the RTS as designed, because someone put this on top of a Starcraft-y set of units with lots of manually-triggered abilities. You might occasionally switch your artillery in and out of deployed mode, or tell your tanks to use their short-range sonic burst attack, but not much more unless you forego being a dragon. And then I have to ask why you are playing a game whose main defining feature is that you are a dragon.One reason possibly being for the challenge (and inevitable achievement). The dragon is basically like spawning with a Supreme Commander Experimental right at the start. You can assert almost total control of any one point on the map. It's rare for an RTS battle to last more than a few minutes, and if you lose it's because you just got overwhelmed by the AI's ability to multitask harder, or bit off such a ridiculously one-sided starting position that you got rushed while the dragon was in its first-minute cooldown.On the strategic layer, you can only fight personally once per turn, and the rest is up to autoresolves, possibly modified by generals and cards. There's some depth here, especially in picking which fight you want to be your certain win, but nothing to get ecstatic about. Units are almost too mobile, especially naval ones which loop around the map, for territorial control to mean much more than ""keep units on every tile"". An offensive force headed by your dragon self can steamroll forward so much more effectively than any other that there's limited utility to fighting on multiple fronts.The diplomatic side is basically brilliant. Characters are well-written and well-voiced, although the fact that every choice is binary is oft irritating; there's quite often no room for moderation or nuance. You probably won't want to put up with the actual *war* part of the game long enough to play it through enough times to see everything, and savescumming a bit just to see branches not taken is confounded by several turns' worth of delays between action and consequences. Turns padded by war.The ending is flat as a pancake, however. You capture the last key territory, everyone says well done in turn, title screen.And the multiplayer side? Ridiculously crippled. Pick from one of three predefined dragon loadouts (despite loadout-building being a key fun part of the singleplayer), four players per map tops, no AI dragons, only armies. (It's not much of a spoiler to get the disappointment out of the way and say that nothing of the sort shows up to peturb the mix in the campaign, either. There is no climactic final battle here, just another identikit skirmish.)Get it in a sale, enjoy the council going at each-other's throats, and divebombing down onto massed enemy forces to unleash a huge firestorm amongst them before swooping around to gather your own army and charging forward into the enemy base with a bellowing roar. The ambience is great. Just expect by the final chapter to be looking at the strategic map with a weary, tired eye that just wants to autoresolve but knows the Imperial Army will blow a 70% chance and get driven back, and occasionally wishing your conversations didn't feel so railroaded."
,Recommended,243950,12458933,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,GarrickWinter,"I recommend this only with a big caveat: you'll like this game if you're willing to appreciate what it could have been, rather than what it really is. I found myself enjoying the game's core concepts enough that I could overlook a lot of the poor execution, but not everyone will have the same experience.First off, the bad. The RTS gameplay, which forms the bulk of the game's combat systems, is a mind-numbing clickfest of swarming units around. Everything you own dies almost instantly, to the point where it feels pointless to try to micromanage your units, or even use them wisely - it becomes about trying to get the largest horde and throw it at your enemy's weakest points. Playing across the Risk-like metamap can be a tedious slog if you're waiting around to build units, and auto-resolve usually loses you far more units than necessary. I gambled with a direct strike across the entire map to my enemy's capital in the final stage because I couldn't stand the thought of grinding away at his territory for another several dozen turns; under-prepared and outnumbered, I had to fight that last battle about 10 times before winning, but it still felt worth it to not have to play the metamap anymore.On the other hand, being able to transform into a dragon in the RTS battles is fun, especially since, after some practice, it becomes possible to win battles that are almost entirely in the enemy's favour by judicious dragon use (I easily won battles that the game's auto-resolve system gave me a 90%+ chance of losing). This ultimately ends up defeating the purpose of the RTS gameplay, though it's still pretty fun to play around with. One thing that annoyed me was the realization that the only reason the dragon is not totally invincible is because enemy projectiles will home in on you, forever, from across the entire map, which feels like a cheesy design solution.The story, politics, and RPG elements that occur between battles on the command ship are where the game really shines. The characters are surprisingly well voiced, the art style is excellent, and the storyline and dilemmas are quite compelling, both on their own as well as in terms of their impact on the game. It's sad to see how an excellent RPG/strategy hybrid is hiding in there, barred from becoming as good as it could be by mediocre RTS design. Another six months of polish and design work could have made a world of difference."
,Recommended,243950,7791460,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,year199X,"A game that tries to do a lot of things all at once. It's a little bit of Risk, Mass Effect and Panzer Dragoon, and RTS, all mixed together into a cohesive package. It's a jack of all trades, master of none, but it's still a unique mix that manages to work out just fine."
76561198092807814,Recommended,243950,10837069,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,HolyWinter 聖冬,"(Updated due to lack of helpfulness)It is really hard to say and I mean it REALLY is, but this may just be my favorite game of all time and I have played a LOT of games in my time on this Earth. Divinity Dragon Commander delivers a game with a certain charm about it. (Steampnuk Fantasy anyone?)1. Let me start with the Music. It is simply Delicious!. It is real good and pleasent to listen to and also a great motivation in battle- least I thought so. I DID NOT buy the imperial edition for the golden jetpack and dragon and concept art, No, I got it for the frickin Delicious soundtrack. (It was only like $1 more for the imperial on a sale.) It was worth it, however it only included 11 soundtracks out of the 24 and it did not include my two most favorite songs. So if you want 13 more bombasticly awesome soundtracks from this game I hope you can do some .WEM file conversion!2. Graphics are so pretty the only thought that comes to my head is that one fish from spongebob screaming ""MY EYES!! MY EYES!!"" (if you dunno what spongebob is then I can do nothing but shed a tear for you.)3. Gameplay reminds me fondly of the Total War games but with like a fantasy twist!, but wait, whats that?? You can be in the battle yourself!? and as a frickin dragon!? Moving units on the map and taking over territory to expand your empire is a thriving desire burning inside me. Build Units, Earn Income, Obtain Research, and interestingly use strategy cards to put luck into your hands!4. Decision Making. Always a plus in my book and while you can't really tell entirely how your decisions are affecting the world around you it's more or less the thought of it and if you really believe they are. Think of it as kind of reading a book. You have to immerse yourself into it. Into your imagination. IMAGINATION. (Spongebob reference) This may be personal but making these choices based on your point of view personally may just reflect on who you are...PERSONALLY.5. The Story is long and good enough to keep my attention fully. It makes feel like I really want to be the best Emperor this world has ever seen. (I got to the point I valued my troops lives more then my dragon and would always take point and showering my units with Buffs and Regen to ensure thier survival and to put and end to a battle as quickly as possible.) More then anything though I loved how it made me feel like I really impacted millions of Fantasy Creatures lives as well as humans. That alone to me was worth fighting for.I end this review with this parting message: We All Have To Face Our Demons."
,Not Recommended,243950,33624319,Posted: 18 July,all,Whiteswart,"Dragon Commander is one of those titles where the gray inbetween mark would suit the game just right.You see, basically the game does everything it promises. There is a strategy part, where you conquering provinces of some empire in the RISK style, with producing some units and building some helpful structures on the land. There are tactical battles, where you can lead your troops personally, and not only lead, but also aid in the combat, by transforming into the dragon, which feels like A-10 Thunderbolt or even AC-130, with AWACS and helluva more options on the board...Also, you have a big flying ship, which works as a command centre of your conquest - and feels almost like the SSV Normandy from the Mass Effect (or the ship from StarCraft 2, or whatever else - that's a trendy shoot), with different rooms where you can talk to people who work for you, buy upgrades, and even make love... in a way. Finally, there is a political decisions simulator, complicated with the need to choose one of 4 princess brides. But... it all is not really made well enough, and I can't sense a chemistry which made all those questionably made parts into some bigger and presumably beautiful body. There is no such thing there! The game, as full, as diverse and complete as it is - still makes an impression of beta version. Like there was something else, but they had to kill it to make at least some work done to the deadline.All the main parts, combined together, aren't really providing you with the experience you may find joyful. Well, they're trying... and in the talking-by-choosing-the-dialog-lines-and-facing-the-consequences part they almost succeeded. But. Assembled, it looks like a Smart roadster with a V6 engine, a propeller from a helicopter... and caterpillars. Where caterpillars are a bit too heavy and constantly jamming, heli-blade isn't really flying, and V6 is both too big for the car body and too small for all the installed ""enhancements"".Sorry for this cumbersome analogy, but the game is really just like this. Strategy part isn't too easy at first, especially on the hard game mode... but only until you'll learn the layout. After that - it is too generic and not even sligthly challenging. Tactical part with earth, sea and air units on one map, and you as a dragon commander over it? Well, it's not bad... but too buggy to play it for your pleasure. It crushes about 2-3 times out of 5, if I try to play it as supposed, with the dragon in the sky, and all variety of units do their things. So, to avoid crushes, I just have to play it very slow, and boring, with artillery mowing everything to pieces, day after day. Which just makes me, along so many other players, wanting to skip this part completely, by clicking ""auto-resolve"" button. Finally, the talks and decisions! They are supposed to make this game unstandard, versatile, to motivate the player to restart the game with different choices just to see the difference - and play it all through 4 times minimum to get all the brides and their specific quest lines...I don't want to do it. The main part of dialogues are still the same, they are still silly and not really vital for the fates of empire or what else. They're just a news pegs that our journalists and politics are so fond of, for a chance to show themselves on the camera. Get me right - as a supposed ruler of a mighty empire, I don't wanna feel myself just a celebrity. I want to move mountains and changing the flow of rivers, and not helping elves with the cheese copyright problem or lifting of the weed ban. If you'll tell me that it is also a part of politics, well, yes, it is. And maybe not the smallest. But, certainly, not the greatest.So, as a final line: I understand people who likes Dragon Commander for the story. For the voicing, for artwork, for multiplicity of choices... It's all there. As a visual novel - it's a really good game. Just like a Smart roadster is a cool car - for a specific audience. But, all other parts, along with stability issues, especially crushes at the end of 10-15 minutes difficult real-time battle, where I almost overcame overpowered opponent... That's not the things I'd wanted from a good leisure. I'd rather read something - 10 times out of 10.So, as of my mark for Dragon Commander, I'd go with 6.5/10. I don't want to drive a Smart with caterpillars. The fusion is not always working as an improvement. I'd better go with the non-Steam version of Space Rangers again, that's a much better fusion example, after all."
76561197972698208,Not Recommended,243950,22968787,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Lord Inquisitor,"This was a hard one to say no to.  I really enjoyed the rts aspect at first.  Later, it becomes absoultely unfeasable as enemy units are all able to use their special abilities at the same time, while you have to manually do each one.  Well Inquisitor, I hear you saying, the meat of the game is in the political sim part!   Well I would have agreed with you at first if the decisions had not been ridiculous and stupid.  You are supposed to be a dragon emperor conquering the realm and slaughtering your enemies, but the game has you concerned with dealing with a gay general.  And here comes the worse part.  There almost never is a middle ground when looking at the various decisions.  With the gay thing, its either ""kill them because they hurt a gay person's feelings"" or ""I hate all gay people because they are gay"".  This also comes into play with women's rights.All in all, it could have been a great game, but the stupid decisions and lackluster rts hold it back.5/10 Hit it once and quit it"
,Recommended,243950,18090389,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Nuuskiss,"+ Bold and somewhat successful mixture of action and strategies+ Well written dialogue and characters+ Voice acting+ Soundtrack- The main plot is dull and forgettable- The politcal affairs aren't as challenging as they might firstly seem- Strategy elements are too simple and crude- Some unbalance between unitsOwning every Larian develeoped game in steam I guess I can present myself a some sort of fan. I praise Divinity II: Dragon Knight Saga and Original Sin is IMO one of the best co-op titles in steam. Even so, Dragon Commander is difficult to like as it is also difficult to hate. It mixes so many different elements and genres together (more or less successfully) and was produced so harriedly that devs must have had some compromises.Majorly gameplay is quite much adapted from 'Total war' series combaining real-time - and turn-based strategy.The game puts player into the boots of Dragon Commander, a powerful dragonbreed, and on each turn on a world map player builds units and constructions and moves his armies to invade new areas. When player and enemy have units at the same area in the end of the turn the blood will spill. In these conflicts player deals with the enemy in real-time combat and gameplay reminds the popular rts -series. Optionally, commander can let the AI sort out the battle by paying a reward one of the generals who increase the precent of success or let the army in the location fight without support.Most of my playtime I spent on battlefields personally commanding troops and the rts gameplay has its pros and cons.Starting with the pros. There is various available land -, sea - and air units and each of them have certain special abilities. The resources are collected automatically by constructing settlements on predefined places, that add some hecticism forcing player to act quickly. The genuine feature is ability to assist your troops not just by commanding but to turning a dragon when gameplay transforms into third-person-shooter game. There is also various talents to choose from: some of them are attribute increasing buffs for your units but there is also some heavy weaponry which can blast dozens of enemies at once.And then to the cons. The biggest thing is the lack of maps, which begin inescapably to repeat themself before finishing the game. Secondly, battles are easy to win with most simple strategies and here is a typical scenario: Build units-take a defensive position if outnumbered-destroy enemy assault-build more units-take control of the nearest resource buildings-hire more units-take a defensive position-destroy the enemy assault-take all your units and march into their capital.I never felt couraged to use more sophisticated tactic because I never needed one. I didn't have any use for transport ships for an example.Among these conquests and war planning there is quite much to do and to decide in a political court also. The population of Rivellon's world is inhabited with 5 different species: Dwarves, Elfs, Imps, Lizards and Undead. As you might guess the values and preferences of these folk differ a lot from each other and it is impossible to please them all. The race which you are bowing may grant populations support on battles fought on their lands whereas the breed you are abandoning may degrace their support. Depending on case, the secondary effect of choice is how much money you make or how much units you can hire on each turn.Amusing thing is that you'll also earn a liberty to choose a wife between 4 exotic races - I chose undead Ophelia. Ehmm, I don't consider myself a necrophilic person - I did it for the empire. (lol)All these events and scandals happening outside of the battles are fun to follow. Some politcal crisis are brilliant improvising our own modern cases and the some decisions have impact how your generals relate to you as war goes by.However, dealing with all this politc jumbo is not as hard as I first imagined. I always had at least the 50% support of each race and all I needed to do was to be victoriuos in battlefields and to take a side of a majority in cases. The nightmares of crisises and political challenges faded away just too easily that partly ruined the good idea.All in all Dragon Commander deserves good rating.  Dragon Commander is a sum of many compromises and might lose a part of its potential after promising start but on the other hand it has some wonderful moments. Engaging as a dragon for your troops' support in battles was something that you don't see everyday and it was always fun to watch and hear how others were reacting when undead wanted to legalize Necromatism for an example. On its full price I can't recommend it, but on sale a fan of light strategy should give it a try."
,Recommended,243950,11017476,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Joe,Pretty much identical to every other game in the RTS + Panzer Dragoon + Risk + Crusader Kings + Fox News + Japanese dating sim where you marry a skeleton or a lizard princess genre.
76561198029584875,Recommended,243950,13184595,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Kkat,"Of all the games that I have played, the game that probably did the best at challenging my ethics was Divinity: Dragon Commander.  Admittedly, the gameplay is lackluster in both the strategy and combat phases; it was not long before I habitually skipped tactical battle for auto-resolution.  But where Divinity: Dragon Commander really shines is in the diplomacy phase – the phase of each turn where you take a step back from world conquest to deal with management of your empire through the enacting of laws and policies.  Your empire has racial factions, each with their own dominant political, social and religious sensibilities.  Sure, their representatives are largely caricatures of modern political stances, but they still manage to bring arguments to the table that push you to evaluate your choices.Every decision will have consequences – in the very least, they will alter how favorably each faction views you, and can have other (sometimes quite unexpected) impacts as well.  Displease the dwarves too often, and you might find your royal coffers running on empty.  Make the imps happy enough, and they’ll offer up the opportunity to gain a fantastic and horrible new bomb… if only you’ll allow them to mine in the one place where the mystical material they need can be found (despite, you know, the whole “sacred elven burial site” nonsense).  Divinity: Dragon Commander was surprisingly good at making me examine if and when I would embrace practicality or expediency over my personal sense of right and wrong.The diplomacy phase also includes dealing with your military generals, each of which bring their own personalities, problems and histories to the war room.  In addition, you will enjoy a diplomatic marriage that will bolster your approval rating, at least initially, with one of the races; but your wife adds an entirely new substory to navigate through, with multiple possible outcomes.The diplomacy phase of this game is rich enough to not only play the game for, but to replay it until you have exhausted all the diplomatic possibilities.  And since maintaining high enough favor with a faction will open up surprising new avenues, there is a lot of possibilites to explore and enjoy."
76561198004130756,Not Recommended,243950,20033523,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Neo,"Waited ages for the price of this game to come down, been keeping my eye on it for months because it looked like a really great game. It's basically 3 mini games in one, you have the risk style battle map, the animated and voiced interactions with your retinue onboard your flagship, which is meant to serve as the political/diplomacy portion. And then ofcourse the actual meat and potatoes of the game, the RTS style gameplay.1)Strategy map.Way too simplistic, felt very empty and lacked purpose. AI moves were predictable. I don't like the card system either, for example there is a card to commit genocide in a region of your choice. It just feels all too easy, would of been better to have raider units, which you must create and then transport to the region. But no, you just plonk down a card and suddenly the job is done.2)Ship interactions (household and military retinue)Fully voiced and looks ok. But feels more like a slide show presentation sometimes, for example, you could be talking to one of your aids, then pick one of the limited dialog options and your aid will suddenly change stance or move location slighty instead of it being a seamless animation, it feels each bit was stiched together haphazardly.3)RTS battle gameProbably the bit I was looking forward to the most, and the bit that disapointed me the most. The UI is clunky and way too large, it obstructs a large part of the screen. The actual fights are super easy, once you get to grips with buildings and managing your recruits, it very quickly becomes a snore fest. And the novelty of being a dragon in battle wears off after the first 5 minutes when you come to realise that being a dragon just made the game even easier.It might be worth playing for the story, if you like that sort of thing. But if you're looking for a totalwar style game with dragons, then this is probably going to leave you with buyer's remorse."
76561198003026615,Recommended,243950,28153986,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,RivaL[.]ReNeGaDe,"Pros:+Voice acting was well done+Music fits the game and is nicely throughout the game (i.e. in-game battle, ship, etc.)+Graphics are done well and no FPS drops+Becoming a dragon and ripping apart you enemies is an excellent feature+Political decisions that help you to an extent on the battlefield+A campaign giving some history of what Rivellon was prior of other titles (Divinity Original Sin, The Dragon Knight Saga, etc.)Cons:- The RTS combat (will go into detail)-No multiplayerLet’s start with the good. The game looks beautifully done and everything is smooth. I didn’t see a lot of anti-aliasing and I didn’t experience any stuttering.  The game is very colorful and isn’t dark or gloomy compared to its original titles (Beyond/Divine Divinity). I was running the game anywhere between 100-150 FPS at any given time – depending which room I was on the ship or in-game battle. The animation was fluid for the most part on their face when talking to the commander and you can see emotions emitting from their facial features.The Steampunk feeling for the game was done in a remarkable fashion. You knew you were playing a Steampunk game the moment you began the campaign – from units to generals to the ship you commanded from to the very foundation of the entire empire. Voice acting was done very nicely. I didn’t notice any blandness to their voices and emotions did crop up based on the political decisions that you made for a said general or country. The music was not out of place and it fit depending on if you went into combat, were on the ship inside the bar, or even at the menu. The ambient noises were done well; talking in the background, glass breaking, tinkering, etc. It just made the mood feel more live-like when inside the ship. The combat sounds were done nicely with no issues on voice commands.Political stage of this game has similarities that of real life events. We have countries that are of religion intent, those who believe nature is the answer, those who believe in a corporate unity, and those who believe they are better than the rest of the world. The choices are appointed to you that determine how a country/species of people will approve or disapprove of your choices. These choices can be anywhere from using machines over natural means or determining how a country treats their own people based on culture/traditional means. These decisions help you obtain extra units or stronger units when fighting within their own boundaries.You also have bickering between your generals. You have a rich, know-it-all, uptight sneer of a gentleman, a feminist who believes the world should be ran by women, a bi/lesbian who believes that her values aren’t wanted throughout the empire, and warlike, hot headed general that wants to have a three-way with both of the ladies, but despises anyone’s opinions and that his way is the only way. I won’t go further into details about who they are because that can be pertain to actual gameplay, but their appearances about them are well fit for who they are and how they are represented.There isn’t a lot of story/lore compared to their previous titles, but it gives you enough context to know how Rivellon began and how Dragon Knights came to exist in this in their world. There isn’t a level up system similar to other RPGs, but you do obtain upgrades by researching them that help out you (the dragon) or to obtain better units.Onwards to the cons and we’ll start with the combat. The combat is bland and I would compare it to supreme commander, but you can only build buildings at designated locations. You obtain resources through said located buildings, but you building freely similar to that of Age of Empires or StarCraft. The combat is a big zergfest. You build more units to counter their said units and you’ll win the game (most of the time). There isn’t a lot of tactical positioning since the AI just spams all sorts of units at you and you have to deal with the outcome. The combat felt limited most of the time because of these restrictions. You obtain cards throughout the campaign which help you obtain buffs to your units or debuffs to the enemy’s units. You also obtain cards that help you out (the dragon) so you can demolish your enemies.The feature that shines the most in the combat aspect of this title is the fact you can morph into a dragon and unleash pure annihilation to those who stand up against you. You gain passive abilities, auras, and abilities that can either heal units or demolish those that you fight again. Using a dragon in Third person (dragon) view was a nice touch and you can’t say no to a dragon that uses a jetpack. You also had generals that you could send out in your presence and have them auto-attack different locations. You could also give them cards to help them out in their battles against the enemies.  You also had the “Risk” phase or total war board type similarity. You would send unit pieces to different states and this would initiate combat and then pick yourself or your generals to go forth with the combat (personally or auto-attack). You also built buildings in every state that would give you more resources or help strengthen your forces.Now, onto multiplayer! Unfortunately, when I tried accessing multiplayer multiple times throughout my gaming session, I didn’t see any multiplayer games. So, I couldn’t test out to see how multiplayer is.Verdict:I would rate the game 7.5/10 only because the combat was the biggest lackluster in my opinion."
76561197960281570,Recommended,243950,16222398,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Combat Gorge,"Before this game I'd never played any of the other games in the franchise. I purchased this game simply for my love of RTS strategy and the insane(ly good) concept of dragon combat.So what does this game do right?There is an interesting research system integrated into the game, research is conducted through research points that you pick up per turn depending on the territories controlled and the buildings on those territories.The politics system is actually a lot of fun (though frustrating at times) and a large part of the game. Political decisions are made throughout the game knowingly or not.  For example if you build far many buildings in your controlled territories you can lose reputation with the elves (which are predictably nature orientated). Every turn or so you vote on some initiatives brought up by certain representatives and can lose or gain reputation points. At first you might think, so what? However, since each faction inhabits certain territories the amount of troops can build or the resources you gain per territory are highly dependent on how much that faction likes you.Additionally, also must manage your responses to your friendly generals and the princess you choose to “woo” as well. Dialogue options between these characters lead to some pretty significant outcomes during the game so it is wise to pay attention to the characters and faction personalities.Oh and by the way I can't really stress enough that each voiced character you come across has a unique personality that will develop over time with their own specific needs and wants.Dragon combat, how how I love you. During the normal RTS strategy portions you can become a dragon and blaze around the combat area using specific abilities and really punishing enemies that come against you.So what didn’t I like about this game?Combat can feel really messy without there being much strategy that just having ""more"" than the other opponent. Sure there are a ok sized amount of abilities for each class and each class has a counter class (or building) but it really feels under utilized.Combat on higher difficultly levels can be extremely punishing. Each territory can only draft so many troops before it is tapped out, this encourages you to expand into fresh territories. However if the enemy decides to attack a tapped out territory that doesn't have a large amount of troops stationed on it, there won't be much of a way to fight back.What kind of irked me as well is that no matter how many troops I had at the end of each act it seems that there is a standard set amount placed around the map when starting a new chapter.  This kind of took away from my sense of accomplishment when taking down an enemy and managing my armies.Finally, I felt the game drags a bit on the final act not really giving you much to do besides to slug it out with the final enemies until the end.  For me, this was kind of a unsatisfying conclusion and would have liked to see even more personally engaging missions involving your generals, allies, or princess."
,Recommended,243950,32145432,Posted: 2 June,all,Beast Slayer,"The Imps. It is worth the purchase price alone just to hear those blessed maniacs just speak their lines. Also the RTS is solid, the political system makes you understand how politics is an old testament god that will wreck or make you based on how much you worship it, and by the seven... you're a dragon with a jet-pack. What more could you want?"
76561198043371869,Recommended,243950,23890869,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Lung,"Medium sized review! :)Bear in mind, this game is not for everyone. This piece of gem is a mixture of several elements thus if you are a person who dislikes a game bearing different features, this one is not for you.In Single Player, you have the obligatory option to steer your political life by making decisions. I will not engage in spoilers much, all you need to know is that representatives from species will present issues and will ask for you to take a side. There will always be pro and con arguments for these issues from all the other species. Depending on what you say on the matter (or you choose not to say anything and majority vote will pass) your popularity will change reflecting on how strong they felt about the issue. If you choose to displease them greatly then their support will fall greatly, while other species will appreciate you more. Later on it will not only be the representatives that present you issues but someone else too. The way you interact with this person and how you answer will also affect your popularity.Popularity is very important when looking at the war table. On the war table  you can see the map of the world and how each and every territory is under who's influence. Aside from the territory borders you can also see what they produce better (gold, population or technical points). Now, according to how popular you are, the resources change. If you are very popular with the imps for example and you are looking at an imp territory, then you can produce your machinery for a great discount. If you displease the imps, then it may occur that the units you want to buy become expensive.So, aside from making political decisions, you will have to think about what steps you make on the war table.Now for the battle. As you could read in other reviews, the fight system is a mixture of an RTS and flying with a dragon so I'm not gonna elaborate on that. Instead, I'll talk about the AI.When there is a conflic between two countries, you may choose to take part in the fight yourself or let one of your generals fight for you or let the numbers decide the outcome of the battle. The game will present you how much of chance you have winning the battle. If it is more than 80% then there is no need for you to battle of course but if you feel like it, this is very it gets fun.Now, when I first played this game, becoming a dragon was very OP. You just had to wait until the timer goes to 0 and have 20 recruits and you basically won; you turned into a dragon and burned everyone to crisp.However since then, there were updates, big ones. Now, if I turn into a dragon and march on with my super strong army, it is still not entirely enough! You need to come up with strategies and sometimes even split push because THE GAME ♥♥♥♥ING DOES THAT TOO. FINALLY the fight is not a boring buttonmash.A few days ago for example I thought I found a small group of weak troopers so I decided to burn them. My units were still back at the base and were still producing more so I was alone.The moment I struck down those ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, the whole sky went on f*cking fire. The game AI actually KNEW I will bite the bait and it sent like 30 camoflaged (sp?) flying units and blasted me out of the f*cking world XDSo to sum up if you are up for a little change it's a good game (: The multiplayer is also fun, it is like playing a board game with dragons! :DI'd recommend buying it on a sale though as the original price is way too high!"
,Recommended,243950,12813404,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Iam3dhomer,"This game tries to do too much, but that gives it a certain amount of charm. The RTS is pretty simple, and bum rushing is basically the only strategy you need. Being able to turn into a dragon adds the needed fun action you need to keep it interesting. The Risk-like stragey board is servicible. The star atraction here is interacting with the characters on your ship. Reminiscent of the adventure game ship stuff from Starcraft 2, except here Dragon Commander actually comes out on top. The choices you have have little impact on gameplay, but just getting the reactions from the characters is worth it. The writing and voice acting is all pretty good.I wish there was a little more to the campaign mode, but the weird variability with the wives provides some replayability. I reccomend this game if you're looking for some adventuregamey character stuff and aren't too bothered by shallow RTS gameplay."
76561198067052382,Recommended,243950,13373337,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,DarknessOrLight,"I recommend this only to the extent that you pay no more than $15 for it. This game has high production values and is very polished, but it is a very very short game. There just isn't enough content. I beat the single player campaign in 12 hours on my first try on normal. There are a couple game mechanics quirks that you can exploit to make the game a breeze once you learn them.There seems to be a push to have you play multiplayer but this isn't a popular enough game to really find others to play with. The RTS controls are mostly primitive, and dragon form doesn't really last long enough (and isn't really effective enough) compared with RTS controls to really be a big part.That said, I still give it a thumbs up because the dialogue is witty, the voice acting is well done, the world is refreshing, and there are innovations here that I enjoy. It just all ended too soon. I have a general rule - each dollar of a game should last me at least 1 hour, so a $40 game should give me at least 40 hrs of enjoyment to be worth the price. This game is therefore a ""thumbs up"" at about $10-15, but not a good value after that. I will try the custom maps and maybe change my review, but given that the best part of this game is not empire management and combat, but the characters and politics engine, it really is a better fit as a single player, story-driven game."
,Recommended,243950,32781970,Posted: 25 June,all,Digitalni.ninja,"RTS part of the game is bad, just don't use it.Otherwise it is a good and humorous tactical/politics/kingdom building game.I had fun for 8 hours how much it took me to beat it (No RTS battles all autoresolve).I will probably not play it again but i have no regrets that i spent 4 bucks on it."
76561198024934003,Not Recommended,243950,32744129,Posted: 24 June,all,majesticolaf,"The RTS & strategy phases are a constant chore, it's just not very fun."
76561198136185453,Recommended,243950,30072842,Posted: 20 February,all,CheeseBurgerGuy,"When I played through this game for the first time, I auto-battled everything on the easiest difficulty setting, never bothering with the dragon gameplay simply because that wasn't the reason I bought this game. I found out about this after going through some of Angry Joe's earlier reviews and this games story and choices are what appealed to me. The Dragon Commander to me wasn't the all-powerful god of the battlefield this game makes your player character out to be; instead he was an intimidating figure given the title of emperor far more concerned about building up his kingdom's political system and keeping as many people as possible happy. Many would say I wasn't playing the game right but trust me when I say that this game was quite simply one of the most enjoyable interactive story games I had played in a while and eventually when I get the chance, I'm looking forward to seeing what other outcomes for the characters there are within this intriguing package as it's almost two different games combined into a single experience."
76561198094860186,Not Recommended,243950,32120120,Posted: 1 June,all,Dr.Mr.Von Durpington,"I honestly really want to like this game. I think it has a great consept mixing the political system with RTS and the way it is executed lets it stand apart from other titles like Total War. But with that said I can whole heartedly recommend this game because of its difficulty. I don't play RTS game all that often nor am I parrticularly good at them but I'm try harding on the easiest difficulty and I'm only barely keeping up with the AI. Don't get me wrong I like a good tough game or two, I love the dark souls series but even those feel more forgiving than this game's ""easiy"" mode. I mainly came for the political system as it looks pretty interesting but I barely have time to enjoy it before the AI snowballs me to the beginning of the game. If the events were procedurely generated this wouldn't be a problem, but they are linearly scripted so every time I play the game I go through the first few dicisions over and over again.If your really good at RTS games and this looks interesting I say go get it and I wish you me luck than I had.If your not I regretfully say skip it."
,Not Recommended,243950,8990194,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,tieio,"Not at all what I expected, I read many posts where people explained that in co-op one player would play as the ground troops and the other player would play as the dragon... this is simply not true and thus extremely disappointing for our gaming group. Sorry if bad rumors killed this one for us, but it did."
,Recommended,243950,26324051,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,caesar_ensalada,"It's a mishmash Fantasy Visual Novel with stripped-down/mediocre Total War-esque/clone gameplaythat lets you take control of an OP dragon during the RTS mode,and I can't even comment on what the multiplayer is like, since I never tried it.I recommend it though, on sale, as a time sink, as most of the characters and stories are entertainingmaking the novel side of gameplay shine (and increases replayability)."
76561197962823928,Recommended,243950,12728256,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,The Marksman Hedgehog,"While i haven't experienced online multiplayer, i can say that the singleplayer storyline is worth it on its own; the RTS elements may be considered weak as there is only one ""faction"" as such when it comes to units; and most of the units fall into basic and uninteresting roles; this is but one part of a much larger and more intracate strategy game."
76561198031275298,Recommended,243950,23941913,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,oldskoolr,"this review is from a dude who is terrible at rts so take with a pinch of salt as i played the game on easy because of my lack of skill in the genre.i enjoyed this game except for the last act, its really short and all the parts of the game i loved such as talking to your fellow commanders and councils take a back seat to the actual battles which i mostly just auto resloved.i think the game is worth it alone just for the decision making parts and story  but some might find the rts section a little lacking"
,Recommended,243950,35112784,Posted: 21 September,all,Dirk Dickbutt,"Divinity: Dragon Commander is like that friend who changed the subculture he was a part of every month back in high school.The Emperor was assassinated, and his children now war for the empire using amazing new technologies. But the wizard Maxos remembered that his emperor friend had a romp with a giant fire breathing lizard because the Emperor was a total G. You are the outcome of this little relationship, a man who can turn into a dragon, a dragon knight if you will.Maxos tells you you need to conquer the world, destroy this new technology while also using said technology, and also deal with people that can be so annoying you'd wish you could just throw them off your high powered magic airship called the Raven.Also you have a jet pack. So there's that.I'm a casual fan of the series. I managed to get my hands on most of the Divinity series, though I haven't played through Original Sin or Original Sin 2 yet. Though since everyone is raving about OS2, I may as well just swoose right in and review the game in the series nobody cares about! Yaaaaayyyyyyyy!Dragon Commander is the first game chronologically, taking place even before Original Sin. Most of the gameplay revolves around this risk style game mode where you need to build armies and invade other territories, but there are also a few choose-your-own-adventure style activities while aboard the Raven.Okay, so now it gets a bit difficult. See, the game is neat, but it's not really all that fun. The campaign mode itself is pretty barebones, and when you go into battle, you can play as yourself, the dragon commander, and personally take command of a battlefield.The thing is, you can only command on one battlefield per turn, so if there are multiple battles you have to give it to overwhelming force or a luck of the dice. You can also assign a general to command the battle you cant be at for a certain price, but usually you just end up letting the Imperial Army do the fighting and commanding since it doesn't cost anything and they're usually enough.You have four generals to choose from. The loud Henry who will later go on to voice the Roman General in Total War: Rome II. The proud and uptight Catherine, the “trying too hard to be one of the boys” Scarlet. And Edmund the genius tactician and narcissistic Lizard. That's not an insult, he's an actual lizard person.I don't like any of them.Don't get me wrong, there are some fun moments with them, but for the most part they're just annoying. Self centered, arrogant, hostile, surprisingly annoying, and a lot of the times just a piercing sound in your ear. I couldn't even stand Henry all that much even though I think his voice actor, Alistair Parker, did a pretty admirable job as the General voice in Rome II and Blackwall in Dragon Age: InquisitionEven though I wasn't that big of a fan of Inquisition.But not only are they outright hostile to you through most of the game, but you rarely have an opportunity to tell them off. At a few points of the game you can point out Catherine's hypocracy, but for the most part it just feels like the Dragon Commander is going “Yup, uh huh, alright.” Through most of their discussions.Then there's the counselors from the five races of Rivellon.Yorrick the undead, Oberon the Elf, Falstaff the Dwarf, Prospero the Lizard, and Trinculo the Imp.These people are fairly one dimensional, though I guess it kind of makes sense considering the political satire of the game. Yorrick is very religious, but then again most Undead apparently are, Oberon is a hippy, but his questionable stance on other races sometimes makes itself known, Falstaff likes money, Prospero is the “cold” oneGet it?, and Trinculo is my homie.Every now and then you have to attend a meeting in the throne room of the Raven. Here you talk to the council and discuss politics of your realm. It's kind of interesting, but you never actually see real outcomes of these events, they just kind of tell you what happens every now and then. So basically you just kind of end up picking and choosing political positions depending on what your approval rating is with each respective races. If anyone drops under 50%, then just do something they like the next meeting. No real thought behind it.Also, you have to choose a bride sometime into the game. But uh...It doesn't change much outside of cards and bonuses you can get with their events.You know, all things considered, a lot of people like to talk smack to the person that can turn into a giant fire breathing monster and eat them at any moment. I guess you could say they know that you “need” them. But I don't feel like you really do, considering the person doing all the heavy lifting is either me or the Imperial Army.Maxos is basically your only friend. Just remember that.Okay, now the combat part.When I first started playing the RTS stuff, holy hell was it ever a ball buster. There's almost no breathing room, especially when your enemy seems to be able to completely obliterate your entire attack force in just a few seconds with basic units. I'm ashamed to admit I actually had to turn down the  difficulty for a bit until I figured out you can just bring a massive amount of heavy tanks to the fight and then just rush them.The big feature of the RTS mode is that you can transform into your dragon form and wreak havoc among the enemy ranks. Not only can you just blast them with your breath, but you can also activate a few abilities to do things like cause more damage, heal yourself, or buff your units close to you. You also have a jetpack, which is radical.But it's all just so weak. The RTS is barebones, the dragon loses it's novelty quickly, the choices you make on the Raven don't really affect anything except for a few approval bars, and your generals are only necessary if you either can't be on the battlefield yourself, or your auto-resolve bar is 50/50 and you don't want to spend any bonus cards.It's all serviceable, but that's it, just serviceable. The RTS is basic, the political choices don't mean much, and your supporting cast can shove off. It's like they really wanted to make a great game, but then ran out of time.Should you play Divinity: Dragon Commander?It's all still pretty neat, but not neat enough to keep you coming back time and time again. I almost wish they went for a more traditional army thing with infantry instead of the whole magic robot route. Maybe larger scale, bigger formations, a morale system so you can just terrorize enemy armies as a dragon? It could be like that kind of okay PS3 game “Lair” except without the framedrops and with a command feature. I think it would be cool, just wailing on fools who think they can fight a dragon.But anyway, it's not bad, but it's not all that great either. Wait for it to go on the cheap and pick it up for five dollars or something. Or just pick up any other Divinity game. I'm hearing nothing but praise for Original sin and Original Sin 2, and Divinity 2 is still my favorite in the series.Divinity Dragon Commander gets a disapproving lizard out of a tank with legs.Todd Howard is a fifth dimensional being. (I'm probably lying.)The curator is going to complain to you about stuff, Commander."
76561198038045495,Not Recommended,243950,7838100,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Blazing,"fun game, would recommend on sale, RTS battle part is really dull and found myself using the ""auto fight"" a lot, the stories is par for the course this games major redeeming aspect is your choices they mater, and they treat the player like a adult many choice come are real political debates happening around the world (ex, health care & gender equality to list a few)Pros: choice with political system is very well done and has a directed impact on gameCons: RTS battle aspect is very week turns into ball up troops and run at them.Recommend only on sale"
,Recommended,243950,28500421,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Tasker 2016,This game is a terrible RTS.It's a cool visual novel.
76561197998364699,Recommended,243950,14450338,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,SavageShark,"The game itself isn't bad.  Though it can improve on a few areas.The good points are the characters, game decisions, the battle map and the story.For one all the characters are like a cross of Steam Punk with Fantacy.  I loved the Dwarven Ambassador with a wolf belt across his back with a gold pocket watch in his vest.  As well as the Lizard man who played a well educated gentleman, complete with a monicole and ego.The Princess were all hot, even the Undead princess (don't judge me).  Each one came complete with a backstory to include elements for a story development.These game choices did have an effect in the game, I will point that out.  The more a race liked you, then if you owened land with that race, they would support your war effort.The War Map was like Total War meets Risk.  Ever spot of territory gave a bonus to gold, race, research and troop production.  The way the A.I. handles itself there is a level of strategy involved.The means of RTS were unique, the only resource were the population of the map.  Generated by a specific building type.  Plus to get the building to amass new troops (Infantry, Tanks, Naval, Airships) you capture a building plot then tell it to build that specific building.The negative points however were things like the overal design of RTS combat, the dragon controls.The RTS element felt more like a zerg rush mixed with Rock, Paper, Sissors.  In the end I would just amass a huge army of varied types and let them flood into the enemy stronghold.Not too mention the designs of the troops were very poor, imo.  Nothing unique to stnd out.  Everything was Steam Punk themed, yet everything looked like it was made out of wood and 'magic'.  the only cool troop types were the blimps and the naval ships.The dragon controls took some getting use to.  Though as a Dragon, you can only fly and breath fire.  I was hoping for more abilities like going Godzilla on a base.  Or even just kicking around the enemy troops.  But you're restricted to flying and fire breath.In summation, the game is not at all bad, it has possibilities to be improved upon.  But the story and game are relatively short.  I got the game and beat it in 3 days.  That's b/c I learned to farm gold and strategy cards.It deserves a 3 out of 5, though in stead of a thumbs up I give it a side ways hand wave ""meh""."
76561198009249021,Not Recommended,243950,30451943,Posted: 11 March,all,DJ0Hybrid,"Summary:+ The fantasy designs are pleasing to the eye and something I wish I could dive more into./  If you are looking for a good game to be your first RTS, you might want to consider something else.- The political system is pretty poor and almost uninspiring.So, let me state something really important up front: before playing this game I had never played Risk nor had I played any real-time strategy games with the closest thing being Advance Wars (which was a turn-based strategy,) but I had a love for politics at the time. And I've heard from another critic that this game is actually pretty easy, so I figured this might be a great ""baby's first real-time strategy game.""Oh no, it wasn't. Sadly, I don't think I can get into any real details as to why it was not a fun first RTS on the account that I'm not experienced in the genre. What I did get hung up a lot though is that I couldn't quite figure out what certain units beat other units. Sure, there was an optional tutorial I took, but it felt like I've missed a lot of stuff. And I have no clue about the Risk-like over world as I did better in a real game of Risk than with Dragon Commander. So if you are like me with no experience in RTS, I would advise something else.And then there is the politics. In case you haven't noticed, this is set in a fantasy world. You actually play as a character who can shapeshift between a human and a dragon (hence the name.) And the fantasy aspects are actually enjoyable with at least 6 various races, with a few going beyond the standard Tolkien races, and each having different quirks and interests such as the skeletons being very religious because it was the gods who brought them back to life and goblins having a love for inventing and discovering. So we have a world where we could have some pretty interesting view points on different subjects.But instead, we get stereotypes of different political stances. Going from left to right as they are at the table: a religious fundie, a liberal, a big business owner, a libertarian, and a scientist who seems to believe that the ends justify the means (okay, so the last one is a bit more interesting.) Now pick a political topic: you know where everyone stands and it is shallow. No one ever has an opinion that goes against their stereotype. The dwarf will never say, ""You know what, the brewery industry makes a lot of money, even in war, so I think we can shoulder a bit more taxation to help rebuild cities."" Nor will the elf state, ""This addictive substance is harmful to society and, while it goes against my belief of personal freedoms, I believe that it should be outlawed."" That's it. There's no upset, no one is quite unsure, and no one seems capable of admitting that their opponents do have a ground. This is a fantasy story with you actually playing as a dragon, and they have one of the most boring politics.And the cherry on top of the politics is that the responses never use any of the fantasy elements for something a bit more interesting. At no point does someone bring up the subject of doing something like providing berserk weapons or something. ""Oh they will help our fighters for sure."" ""But wait! The side effects are really harsh, we can't do this!"" Or maybe we should draft those who are magically inclined. ""Yes! They will make our standing army much better!"" ""No, we can't! It should be their choice to fight for us or not!"" I just made those two things up, but instead the game has you discussing about stuff like legalizing (fantasy) marijuana, national healthcare, and taxes. Even worse is the game seems to be unaware of the fantasy elements. No, liberal elf, I would not advise ignoring the talking skeleton who's best explanation of why he and his kind exists is because the gods have decided to give them a second chance at life. And I know the gods exists and can be angry because I have apparently crossed them off before. So if you want to legalize gay marriage, either explain why said skeletons are alive or pull out your religious documents and start debating the skeleton guy on his turf. Because you are talking to a dragon on a fly fortress, not some guy in a building painted all white."
,Recommended,243950,22197394,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,zingmars,"It's essentially single player only, as Multiplayer's completely dead, and there's no modding/custom maps or anything. Single player's pretty entertaining though. It's essentially a politics simulator that makes you choose between every single controversial issue you can think of, sprinkled with some drama (a waifu simulator). Oh and there's this part where you conquer the world. I guess there's also the RTS part, but you can pretty much skip it if you want (even though I guess it's meant to be half of the game).This is a beautiful game, decent sound track and entertaining story dragged down by what appears to be budget issues (a lot of the stuff that was meant to be in the game was cut). I recommend it for a playthrough or two, but that's about it. Shame, because this game had a lot of potential. Get it on sale if you want to get it, as €40 for 10 hours of campaign at most (I stalled to see more political choices basically) without multiplayer is even worse pricing than CoD at this point."
,Recommended,243950,32563643,Posted: 19 June,all,Jizzle,"This is a really good game! Lot of fun with many options. Larian studios have really tried something new with RPG/RTS , and succeded with it(almost).The game gives u free reins too choose your strategy on how to proceed in the game how to play on the battle map, and how u fight your battles, either choose to go into live battle and take full controll over your troops on the battlefield. Where u can suddenly transform into a epic dragon to support your troops if need to or u can rely solely on the AI and raw power in numbers.This game has a lot of choices in between the battles that affect the world u fight in, and have some good romance rutes that makes u question yourself at times.Overall, this is a fun and interesting game, highly recommend!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bQqs0Vr0eUs&t=354sThis describe the game in a very good way!"
76561198075138125,Not Recommended,243950,26175655,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Redeemed,"The characters and voice acting are top notch.  Flying around with the dragon and roasting units is good fun too.  Unfortunately, the main game is not really that entertaining.  The units all have special abilities, but it's nigh impossible to micromanage them all and use them effectively (unless you're a computer).  Also the army and building management is really unusable in dragon mode so you either fight with the army or with the dragon.  After a while I got tired of the battle and just fought them all automatically just to get to the end."
76561197972264486,Recommended,243950,7932601,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,-=BwA=-Window,"Dragon Commander throws so many game styles and systems together that it is a little overwhelming at the start. It takes an hour or two to wrap ones head around it all. The balance of the game deteriorates the further you get into it as I found on my play-through on Normal difficulty.  It was still a very fun experience because you continuously master all of the systems and use them to utterly destroy your opponents.Everyone has been touting the game's characters and the political decisions you make based on their proposals. This is by far the best part of the game. Decision making is interesting because it often rewards you even if you thought there could have been severe detriments to your empire. Great writing and voice acting overall.The real time strategy (rts) portion of this game has a learning curve. If you have ever played an rts that relies on heavy hotkey usage like Starcraft, you should be able to master it very quickly. The best part of the rts is playing as the dragon and gaining advantages on the AI by using it to pick off units or obliterate groups with the end game abilities. There are a lot of unit abilities you can use to gain advantages as well. Two that I recommend are the warlock meteor and the trooper's spoils of war.The one main problem with the rts portion of the game is that if you have a greater than 60%+ chance to win, the battle boils down to selecting all of your units and attacking the enemy base right at the start. At that point I just started using the Auto-Resolve system whereby the Generals conduct battles automatically similar to the board game RISK. Unlike RISK, though, I've never had a significantly larger force lose because of dice rolls...Maps where you have 50% or less chance of winning actually take some strategy to beat, but the AI has flaws in its behavior that are exploitable, especially with the dragon. If you have less than 20% chance to win, then you might as well retreat and come back at a later turn.Overall it is a good thing that the game lets you skip useless or tedious battles."
,Recommended,243950,8074722,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,GorlocTheMad,"Divinity: Dragon Commander is an interesting game.  It's part RTS, part empire sim, part card game, and all these mechanics play well together.  That being said, the game's core content seems to be the combat system which is engaging as the novelty of being a dragon with a jet pack doesn't fade quickly. The scenarios are rather unispired though and I found myself skipping many battles later in the game.  Aside from that, the only flaw I can say the game has is a far too heavy handed approach of introducing real world political topics into the game.  Issues such as same sex marriage, universal healthcare, etc, all show up in the game with all the subtlety of a sledgehammer.  There's some designer bias in these topics but, for the most part, each decision is given as having pros and cons.   Ultimately the decision-making at these junctures are a bit jarring from the fantasy aesthitic the rest of the game presents and I can't help but feel the game would be better off without, or with at least more fantasy inspired controversy.   All-in-all the game is great fun and beautiful to look at but mediocre combat scenarios and blatently obvious political topic insertions hold the game back."
,Recommended,243950,23392388,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,truthwarrior,"Fun turn based strategy game.  I enjoyed playing it when it didn’t crash. Fun characters and choices. Issues in game are similar to real life issues (ex: legalizing weed, gay marriage, eco-friendly issues, etc..) and you get to make whatever choice you want. You even get to choose a bride. Fun fun.However, the one big negative draw on the game is that during turns you can play only one battle regardless of how many are on the map. So if on a turn you invade 2 provinces and get invaded in 1, you have to choose which to play and hope the computer can take care of the other two. This sucks a lot because like most turn base strategies with RTS maps you do way better than the computer. So either you hope when the computer plays you way outnumber the other team so your percentage is up. You can also let a general help in one battle regardless of how many generals you have.  Even though I have 6 generals only 1 general gets to help in 1 battle and the other battles get no general at all. The other 5 generals just sit there I guess. This puts a kink in many strategies because you really have to prepare before you do a major offensive.Even though that was a long description, which I am sure doesn’t make sense, the game is still pretty fun. However, for me the crashing became too much and I didn’t finish it. I recommend the game if its super cheap. Other than that you could probably get a better game which is similar (minus being a dragon) for a better price.Pros- Customize the dragon you play (i.e. pick your spells)- Fun choices- Cute characters- Fun achievementsCons- Game crashes a lot- Can only play one battle even though the game may have several.- Overly simplistic battles (personal preference)"
,Recommended,243950,11072181,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,RockstarCRO,"I'm fairly certain StarCraft 2 used some of the elements in this game to make it more appealing.I bought this game on sale thinking for the price it was seemed worth it. The RTS/first person action as well as the RPG elements in the game drew my attention this way. I got a lot more than a hybrid game. If someone is looking for a game to occupy their time with a ludicrous amount of content, this is it.The game layout is simple was done extremely well, which makes it easy to pick up and play.  You start off in a diplomacy room, with a bunch of different species with completely different opinions. There are many diplomats and generals that are on your main ship where you command who are there to offer advice. You can see other rooms such as your throne room (when you eventually choose a wife), research rooms, and diplomatic rooms. The dialogue itself in this game is top notch, but for some players it may be overbearing. Animations were done carefully and creatively. Some diplomats, while others were talking, would make gestures in the back. When dealing with the varying diplomatic races, you have to be careful in accepting certain laws. While some diplomats will side with the legislation, others will oppose it. Those races who oppose it, your diplomatic popularity among them will be effected due to the decision. These decisions (such as instating conscription) have direct effect on you strategy, or even your gold. Generals will also have their say and may need your intervention. On the Raven (or the mother ship), the player can decide which units to unlock (through research points) or spend those points to unlock special abilities for the dragon.Like the dragon, certain units have special abilities that can turn opponents into a lady bug (why they chose that I'm not sure). Cards play sometimes a vital part within the game. Some cards disturb opponent villages, while other cards will enable you to deploy more units within a battle. The battle RTS scheme mixed in with turns (on the main strategic map) makes the game unique. I wish other developers would look to expand their horizons in this fashion. They took it even further as to give you your own dragon to control while your units fight. After you tend to diplomatic situations, you go to the strategic map room (or the bridge). You can make or move units, as well as play strategic cards to help your struggle. If an enemy has an abundance of a certain unit, cards exist to inhibit movement of certain units. Other cards exist to boost your war party, or a boost to your economy. Once the turn is ended by the player, the computers make their moves and battles. The player observes as they plan their actions. When the battles are available, the player must choose whether to send (and pay) a general to command battle or run the war themselves. By the player choosing to fight here (the dragon commander), the player may not fight in another location as their general is left up to the task. Due to that, the games decisions can be a bit rough over time as you may run the risk of losing an area if you are not proper with your battle decisions. This is a exemplary feature in game. I find the game play overall to be a simplified version of an RTS, but none the less is fun. There are no real buildings to build in random locations, rather the building foundations are given on the map and the player needs to approach them in proximity to control it. Only by having control may a player build shortly after. Calling your Dragon into battle is cool but really requires someone to read the controls or you end up button mashing everything trying to call it in (F1-F3 buttons). I find there was a good balance put into battling, planning (on the main map), as well as the diplomatic side of what's going on on the ship. The game feels well balanced. The battles may lack for some, but others will enjoy the simplistic approach.The amount of visual effects in this game are astounding. Menu's you would find otherwise stagnant, always have something going on in the background. The characters themselves in game have awesome animations and everything from them to the environment was carefully drawn. There is no shortage of graphics here. Sounds are fulfilling and explosion sounds are varying. The dragon attack sounds may get annoying after playing a few times. Music was also extremely well done. I think when you get immersed into a game, you start feeling it's full effects when the music plays to it's tune.Overall I thought it was fun, not the best RTS out there, but gives players a different experience! If you support game diversity, and like RTS and sort of FPS mixed together, this may be for you. I would also recommend playing on easy first because damn can this game get hard. I would say that this should be a game on everyone's library (for a proper price of course :).For future DDC games, please incorporate the ability to control one of your units! When you die, you automatically jump to another unit! Also, having generals by your side is a neat feature, especially when it comes to assignment who to fight a battle. Perhaps add RPG elements so the generals are more dynamic in abilities than static. It would add another depth to the game. Also, try to get more people playing multiplayer!RATING : solid 8/10GameplayBStory / CampaignB+Visuals / User InterfaceB+Sounds / MusicBReplay-abilityB-OverallBDivinity Dragon Commander Highlights Review Video by RockstarCROScreenShots :The first thing you will see when starting campaignWhat is must feel like being the presidentAt the start of a new turn, you get a quick update of what is happening around Rivellon and your diplomatic popularityThere are no supply depots to up the unit limit, rather there is a set population you can only work withYou can bring in your dragon into battle and help your units by deploying specials to inhibit the enemiesA view of what a neutral foundation would look like (no dragon in this screenshot, only units)You can command your units and fight with your dragon simultaneouslyThe potential wives I get to pick from. Really makes one think how they come up with the character designsThe game does a really good job in mimicking real life headlinesOne of the Dwarven diplomats trying to put on his charmSome potential wives have different abilities they can contribute to your empireApparently, if you're going to party in Rivellon make sure it's with the elvesI really hope he means what he says"
76561197992801175,Not Recommended,243950,9436973,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,fabio,"Given all the different genres mashed up into this game: real time strategy, strategic board game, and conversation driven political sim, I was ready to forgive this game for each portion being weaker than any dedicated single genre title.Even then this game falls short. I got it on sale for $25 and still feel ripped off. $10 would be the max.The strategic board and RTS are shoddy and awful (again, I went into this not expecting it to be the next Starcraft). They wouldn't even be good as free flash games.So that leaves the conversational political sim. The political support you get for different decisions ends up not mattering. The support you get from each race only affects battle you manually resolve (maximum of one battle per turn) and even then it only affects your max army size which is never a limiting factor.So you're left with only reading the conversations for the dialog. This is probably the strongest area of the game, but not enough to justify the whole thing. The voice acting is uniformly excellent (surprising, giving how they skimped on the gameplay portions), and some of the characters are entertaining.But then the cracks start showing. All the political decisions are based on current political topics, but they don't even bother throwing on a layer of clever satire so it all comes off as preachy and break the immersion (would a general involved in a world wide war of genocide really care about coming out of the closet?). Heck, I'm a donating, card carrying member of the ACLU and even I found this game to be simplistic leftist preaching. Some the political views the game preaches are downright disturbing. The ""good"" path has you encouraging vigilante murder of people with backwards bigoted opinions, and eliminating due process fair trials for anyone accused of♥♥♥♥♥♥ It feels like the game was written by Tumblr users eager to shred the bill of rights in the name of a twisted form of social justice.In the end, the only redeeming aspects of the game are some of the conversations. I recommend you save your money and your time (the RTS and strategic gameplay is really really awful) and just go watch all the conversations up on Youtube."
76561198091726402,Not Recommended,243950,21702542,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Puppetmaster,"While I do love a good many things about this game, it has some rather glaring flaws. The look of this game is excellent, the characters are interesting, and the mixture of rpg and turn-based strategy elements blend nicely in many regards. That's where my compliments end.First off this game does not seem to have a pause button of any sort (Keyboard, game ui, nothing) when you are fighting the actual battles. The controls in dragon form are also rather weird in my opinion. Your dragon alos doesn't really play as big of a role in battle as one would thing. While it can help turn the tide in some cases, you are often better building regular units and dumping research into them instead of your dragon. I get this as a balance, but I expected something a bit more impressive considering it's one of the main focuses for the game.Sadly, the combat is also a bit boring after awhile. You see it less as a battle of two or more armies and more as a battle between blobs. Often your best bet is to just bull rush your enemy and kill his small initial force if possible or turtle until they can no longer rebuild units.  As a rts game, I have to say that is sucks. Which is sad since that makes up most of the game. If you can get past that, then feel free to try it."
,Recommended,243950,14408835,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Desecrated Corpse,You get to play a point capture RTS as a Dragon Knight that burns people.  If you were looking for something else WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU!  Plus you can marry a skeleton and turn her human then turn her back cause your a cool person like that.
,Recommended,243950,28223387,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,[BMC]Nos_42,"Battles: Very fun RTSLove the politic system here ... more games should take an exampleThe entire game is such a wellrounded experience.ANDYOU CONTROL A DRAGON WITH JETPACK.`Nuff said, buy it."
,Recommended,243950,23890394,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,MonaViCat [GTribe],"Over 60 hours played, i can simply say i am loving this game.+ Good graphics+ Entertaining characters+ Good story+ Combat is simple but great fun when you play as the dragon+ Replay value due to the different political decision and romance options"
,Not Recommended,243950,10969392,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Coelacanth,"The thing about Divinity Dragon Commander is it NOT a bad game, it just isn't a very good one. Everything it does, it does mediocre. It has trouble finding a true audience because if you take each of it's elements, RTS, Turn-based Strategy Maps, Unit Upgrades, Dynamic Story Progression, Politics, etc. you can easily find a better game that outmatches this one in every aspect. The real downer is that this is the only game I know of of it's kind. You'd be hard pressed to find a game that combines all of these amazing elements into one game, it's just such a pity that they didn't put more effort into them because then it would be amazing.The Real-Time Strategy battles are very bland, the map, units, and buildings are not exciting to look at, and battles are just very uninteresting exchanges of little fireballs. The ""strategy"" element is virtually non-existent, it encourages Zerg tactics of just building fast and attacking fast. There's no sense of ""going your own pace"", the way the battles are set up, if you don't push hard early on you'll lose whatever tactical advantage you may have.Using your dragon avatar in battle is very novel, but unfortunately it stops as being just a novelty, it rarely impacts the battle in a significant enough way and as the game progresses it becomes more of a tool to prevent enemy dragons from wrecking your own troops rather than an advantage you have over your enemies.The political RPG aspect has some shine to it as each character is interesting, well animated, and has a real sense of personality and their own agenda. It however falls flat as you realize that most choices you make are between two arbitrary extremes that will please one side but not another, forcing you to make decisions more on which factions you want to appease than on your own personal agenda.Finally the Turn-based tactical map is also very bland and even less interesting to look at than the first Total War game (Shogun). You can do very little, limited to building a single thing per turn, and deciding which territory to move your troops between. It's not bad per se, but basically comes down to very basic chess, moving your units between where you need a defensive line and where you expect there to be an enemy vulnerability.All in all it's not a bad game but it's very middle of the road. I can't really reccomend it to anyone but I don't want to bash it because it did take a big risk in doing what it did, combining multiple elements into a single game idea, and I personally feel it could work well if each element was given more. As it stands, it's a great concept with bland uninspired execution, but is one I feel could be done well.If you must get it, I would suggest waiting until it's on sale."
,Recommended,243950,12470500,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Tobi5797,"8/10Great game if you wanna make your own decisions, you don't get the feeling that the decisions you are making its pointless, since you gain or lose something doing the coming rounds.Great graphings this game just cool look [which is one of the major reasons why i bought this game ]a lot of maps and a lot of ways to fight them, you can fight battle with your generals, dragon form or your commander form.This game is very short, i went and conquered all the land before moving on and yet it took me about 18 hours to finish it, i played once again with another wife/queen and that is the only reason i would play this game more then once.what i mean is once you finish it once, there is nothing to do but change wife/queen, and of course change your decisions. [ 75% of the time i ended up picking the same ]this is a MOST HAVE GAME.... but wait until it's on sale."
76561197993403701,Recommended,243950,14819158,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,aarona493,"This game is fun. It's not a serious strategy game, not a serious art game, nothing too serious. Everything is really just fun. If you want to have a good time, there's plenty of good times to be had here. The only improvements would be adding fog of war so things aren't toooo easy, and polishing up the players dialog. 7/10"
,Not Recommended,243950,9912537,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Kalinin,"Tries to mash together several different gameplay styles, but ultimately all feel very shallow. The RTS part has little variety as all sides have mirrored units. As the dragon, too few of the skills are useful and it's difficult to utilize your units.For the strategy section, the luck of the cards you get has far too much influence. Hint: Have lots of Mercenary cards.And for the political, you get to make 2D political choices (With moral brow-beating by the writers) with a diverse cast such as: The Sexual stereotypes! Obvious lesbian and the man-hater. The Religious stereotypes! Religion-hating scientist and♥♥♥♥♥♥condoning zealot. The Political stereotypes! The greedy capitalist who loves to tax himself and the high-horse liberal. And the Social stereotypes! Sheltered girl and business-only lawyer lady.  The most original characters in the game are the bigot who's totally open about it and the engineer who almost worships technology."
,Not Recommended,243950,25188696,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Roxyfox,"Honestly this is the only game I wish I'd got a refund for, that's not to say I haven't played other bad games on steam, but this one is expensive and really get's your hopes up, especially if you've played divinity orginal sin which is a fantastic game.The political choices aspect feels really threadbare for me, it's always obvious which policy will gain whose favour and the characters themselves are pretty one dimensional. As for the combat, honestly I couldn't get my dragon to even fight properly, and aside from the dragon the combat feels really boring, this is no command and conquer, it's very thin on the ground, not many units and fairly repetitive. I will say however it's very pretty and I loved the opening cutscenes but honestly go play their other games, this isn't the dragon game we've all been waiting for."
76561197964460165,Not Recommended,243950,8412836,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,BigT,"Even on sale this was a waste of money.DC is obivously geared toward the impacts (political/strategic) of your decisions.  Decisions that are most readily made through dialogue.  The dialogue is smooth and the voice acting is very well done, but the game seems to skimp on the unavoidable RTS function in order to emphasize the 'consequence of decision' mechanisms.  This makes the combat feel very casual and inconsequential.Maybe this sounds like the game for you? Well..For better or for worse, I'm a gamer that thrives on story development, seeing the consequences of my decisions, affecting the game world, and thereby tailoring my experience as I desire.  So.. what am I complaining about?  I should love DC!  ..what I don't care for is a scripted experience that offers the illusion of choice.. Particularly when that type of functionality is the obvious focus of the title.  Unfortunately, this is about all that Dragon Commander offers.The problems that arise which require the use of the dialogue functions, the political issues offered up for consideration, and most importantly, the black and white decisions you are forced to choose between, (let me emphasize ""forced,""  as not making a decision is akin to selecting a predetermined default) all serve a political agenda.  This game is a kind of ""righting the wrongs"" of the world, setting the great (perceived) injustices of our time straight and then scolding/punishing the player who would dare to take an opposing point of view.. with dragons..In short;  if you're a large government minded, radical feminist, who moonlights as an LGBT advocate.  DC is for you.The rest of us are better off steering clear, there's just not much else going on here."
,Recommended,243950,7802755,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Shirome Artiste,"Time for another mini-review.This time Dragon Commander gets the ""honour"" of being reviewed, as usual it'll be split up between gameplay and game itself.So, for those that don't know the game at all, a quick summary: You're the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ son of the previous king. Said king got murdered by his own sons and daughters because he became an incompetent, weak-willed wimp. Now the lands are tossed into civil war, and that's where you come in. The court mage tells you to ""go and conquer the world, good luck kid."" Oh, and he gives you an airship that houses a demon. The game itself revolves around three chapters that tell the tale of your success. In two of the three chapters you fight your sibs, and the final chapter is you versus the demon.The game itself plays around capturing territories in a way that kind of looks like a cross between Risk and Total-War series, in which you build/get armies and move them across the board. Combat is fought either via autoresolve or manual RTS-esque battles.Now, gameplay.Good points:Dilemmas: The dilemmas are easy to understand, are of import even today and all advisors give well fleshed out reasons as to why you should vote ""yay"" or ""nay"". In addition, managing people's opinions of you does pay off during battles!Autoresolve is pretty fair, your generals cost a bit and can only be used once a turn. Quite a neat feature and in this case it's wholly possible to fairly beat the game using only autoresolve!Research is important, can be tailored to play-style and holds a key role in winning.Cards. If you've ever played Risk you know that getting a good few cards can change the game. Here the cards hold a little bit of a different role, giving you in-battle bonusses, giving the enemy in-battle negatives, giving you extra soldiers for an easy autoresolve or build/destroy on the campaign map. You'll learn to love the cards.Bad points:Manually fought battles are zerg rushes. If you don't know what zerg rushes are? Shame on you. Still, don't expect much tactical play in manual games aside from perhaps going overboard with the dragon.AI is...disappointing.There has been quite some debate about chapter 3 being overly difficult or not, but allow me to say that chapter 2 can be exploited infinitely to end up with nigh-infinite gold and all research done, taking out a large chunk of difficulty.Dragon form. You can either exploit the living toodles out of it, or never end up using it at all. I personally used the dragon occasionally to heal big armies, but never found that I could not possibly win without using the dragon.(And I autoresolved a lot).Non-gameplay related.Good:Well-fleshed out story, laced with humorous interactions, plethora of diverging storylines and choices to be made. For fans of  Mass Effect-like choice options, rejoice!You get to pick a princess, what more is there to like? In all seriousness: Princess storylines are a matter of opinion, some love them but there are those that hate them too. I personally liked the storylines I've had, but it's up to you to judge in the end.Character interaction is well-thought, you'll probably come to care about at the least a few of the side characters, and with such a plethora of personalities there's bound to be someone you like.Bad:Dilemmas at times end up being a bit to complicated to just say ""Yay"" or ""Nay"" to, and at times are worded in a way that while you actually agree with the thought behind it, the way it's set up makes you disagree.Reputation with factions are going to be near-maxed regardless of initial choices, unless you literally take EVERY opportunity to disagree with one particular faction. During my first playthrough I found myself initially disagreeing with the undead a lot, but ended up with 80% approval with them by the end of chapter 2, even though I torpedo'd almost all of their proposals.It's a bit of a debatable point, as I personally disagree, but there are quite a few people that dislike some of the side character storylines. While I do not share their opinion, I feel that I'd be remiss if I were not to warn you that there ARE people that do not like said storylines, and you might end up being one of them.Personal verdict:I had a blast with this game, well worth what I paid for it.7.5 out of 10, and a recommendation for people that like a mix between a RPG and a tactical game."
76561197979173524,Not Recommended,243950,19787829,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Korentin Black,You're a general who can turn into a dragon - how is this not amazing? Sadly by doing so in a fairly rubbish 'tactical' mini game that serves as a Zerg rush simulator and little else - which is positively criminal given how beautiful the strategic game can be and how utterly glorious the princesses and the councillors are. I just wish a little of the obvious love spent on them had been invested in the actual tactical side of things.
,Recommended,243950,8029485,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Intrepid Koala,"I really wasn't expecting much out of this game considering I've played their RPG, but wow this game is great. This game combines RTS, Card Collecting, Risk/Civ type take over the world, some RPG elements, and a FANTASTIC political system all into one game. The RTS bit is not super complicated and does not require as much strategy as I would have liked, but that is not the best part of this game and is still enjoyable. The best part of the game is talking to the ambassadors of the races in your kingdom and making choices which makes some factions hate you and other love you. The amount of Dialouge and different ways the story can branch out is astonishing. If you like great story/fantastic voice acting and being able to destroy armies as a dragon with a jetpack, you will love this game."
,Recommended,243950,16884381,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Uzumaki Naruto,"This is really cool game you can try. It will make your brain work about the complex politic situation of the kingdom, try to find the way to battle, try to lead and buy your armies. And the hardest thing of the game is you must fight with the smart enemy without mercy to destroy your last troop and your soil of your land."
76561198161820802,Recommended,243950,28741304,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,wolfgangrocksyoursocksoff,"Divinity: Dragon Commander is a fun cross between real-time strategy, turned based risk-style strategy, and fantasy role playing game. If you enjoy Warhammer 40K or Red Alert, the Total War series, the original Divinity games, or in short RPG or strategy games you should like it. It has exciting music, good character progression for the player and a great cast of varied characters, a setting which is part steampunk and part fantasy which the art team did well, fun punchy gameplay, and lots of decision making which affects the story (good but short). $50 dollars is probably overpriced unless you are really wealthy but at the $7.20 at the moment it's a bargain."
76561198003141183,Recommended,243950,13763807,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,DoctorD,"Loved this game!  Part grand strategy and part RTS with a big twist - you get to be a dragon and wreak havock!  Also, the story line is great.  The game was far more than I was expecting!"
,Recommended,243950,24839668,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Koro,The social/political system of this game is what I truly recommend to experience. Everything else leaves to be desired.
,Recommended,243950,13302212,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Dr.Shimapan,"Turn based strategic map,Real time Strategy  battles,Politics which matter.Divinity: Dragon Commander is all about planing ahead in order to regain a lost empireakin to RISK you gain cards which benefit you or puts your enemy in a bad placeinteractions with your generals and ambasadors makes for great fun and entertainment outside battlesoh right you also happen to be a dragon who can enter the battlefield should you wish to do so7/10 pretty solid"
,Recommended,243950,31550478,Posted: 4 May,all,Reinveil von Megabee,"Set in Larian's imaginative and light-hearted Divnity universe, Dragon Commander initially seems to be a heavily flawed RTS, with most skirmishes being too simple and too unbalanced in some way (entirely too easy early on, suddenly extremely difficult later).  Mind you, these sequences aren't completely without fun, as the novelty of blasting through the sky as a dragon wearing a jetpack(!) is a satisfying one during the early hours of the game.  But once that novelty wears off, what are we left with?  Quite an interesting dynasty simulator, as it turns out!  As the emperor, you'll enact new laws and social policy reforms for a variety of issues that have real-world analogues.  Will you cozy up to the various factions in an effort to please everyone, or rule according to your own personal moral code?  Do you marry for love or for political gain?  No matter what you choose, be prepared to face the press and a fickle public.  It's in these segments that Divnity: Dragon Commander really comes into its own, and why it deserves a sale purchase if you're even a little curious about it."
76561198037037478,Recommended,243950,12512024,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Romans 1:18-22,"Being a dragon in an RTS/RPG is really neat.  Graphics are good.  Stories and characters are enjoyable.  Not too cartoony/hokey either.  I like the handling of military and political issues.  Early on I find it difficult to manage gold wisely buying troops vs. having a reserve to pay your generals if you happen to need them.  I really enjoy the many mini-video clips to show you how different units and abilities works so you can better understand them before you invest in them.  That greatly reduces the trial & error aspect of skill trees of these kinds of games.The voice of demon Corvus (Alastair Parker) sounds very similar to The Mouth of Sauron (Don Messick) in The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King movie.I do wish that homosexuality wasn't as significant of a political theme - I'm barely into Act 2 and already have had like 4 turns of NPC dialogs about the issue.  Political issues are understandably familiar so that you can get into it more easily. Realistically any political decision you make will thrill and anger a portion of your population.  Dealing with religious zealot Undead, hippy eco-communist Elves, greedy capitalist Dwarves, elitist Lizardmen, and ... (something I haven't quite figured out) Imps can wear you down if you just care about conquest and not governance.  Your decisions do affect bonus and penalties in the RTS part of the game.So far the only replayability of this game lies in different role-playing choices of your wife, different decisions on political issues, and different levels of cooperation with the demon Corvus."
76561198062564056,Recommended,243950,13922397,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Norinth,"Great game, a bit short if you figure out to exploit it. But the concept is quite different and can be loads of fun, especially all the characters in the Raven."
,Recommended,243950,16579336,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,hkennyrules101,"Pros:+ Political system+ You can turn into a dragon+ Interesting plot+ Extensive romance subplots (multiple possible arcs for each princess)+ No but really, you can marry a skeleton, and its the absolute craziest romance plot ever+ Imps are great+ Entertaining characters, each of whom have interactions with the other charactersCons:- RTS combat is... bad.  Very very bad.- Dragon mode is simplistic; shoot fireballs at things until they go boom.- Exploitable overworld map structureOverall:Dragon Commander is a fun game, but it fails at being fun as a RTS game, which was its intended purpose.  The political system is meant to supplement the RTS, but ultimately ends up being more entertaining.  The overworld has plenty of exploitable loopholes that make cheese-winning the game easy.  However, the complex plot and the entertaining characters make the game fun, and there are enough vastly different story arcs for each princess that multiple playthroughs is a necessity.  Other reviews have said it, I'll say it too - Larian got confused about what they wanted to do, and made a visual novel/dating sim with some really lousy RTS thrown in.  But the plots are so good they actually make up for the game's shortcomings.Bottom Line:Probably not worth $40, but for all it's flaws, the game is still fun.  The RTS portion is awful, but the political and character plot arcs redeem the game and give it phenomenal replay value.  Buy the game on sale for the great story."
76561198102352454,Not Recommended,243950,21284120,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Countersnipe,"I purchased this game on sale for 6 dollars, but even so I cannot recommend it. I feel like this game doesn't know what it wants to be.The voice acting is great and really makes you think you're in a well written rpg. The strategy element is somewhat lacking, and the battles are quite similar from the early game even into the final stages of the game. Dragon Commander tried to tie in both RTS and RPG elements, but in doing so fell short of being a good RTS or a good RPG.For $40 this game should have been better. You can beat the main campaign in about 7 hours and feel no need to go back to it at all. I purchased it for $6 and still don't recommend it. I know that sounds harsh, but this game really let me down.Also.- The game will crash on you in battles. In order to fix this you must lower your settings to minimum even if your graphics card can run the game on max settings. Also, you must download the 2 files listed ont  he dev's discussion post. If you do these two things the game runs fine. I just don't like that I have a modern gaming PC and I need to do all of this extra stuff just to get the game to work."
76561198030285367,Not Recommended,243950,9837614,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,TrailBlazer,"This is definately a game that's hard to correctly give judgement to, as it is practially three games in one; but here goes:(Spoilers ahead)The story itself, is fairly straight forward: You are a half-dragon, one of the heirs to the throne that has not gone insane. Your job is to unite the world under your banner, and oust your siblings. A good ol' Monarchy story. Nothing really unique, nothing really special. Only one real plot twist, and its not exactly a twist.The characters are fairly interesting, and truly fill in what they were set out to fill. There's a hardy, loud, angry, general. There's an arrogant to a fault general. There's a lesiban general, and there's a general who hates men. Each one truly does feel like each seperate, but I could not for the life of me connect to them. Each one is so far into their niche, that being that far into it IS the only way to connect to them. The choices you make (I believe three each) for them will give them bonus stats and somewhat change their character to a degree, but even beyond that, I still found myself hating all but one of them.The Politicans are also very well fit characters; you have the Religious Undead, The Nature Loving Elves, The Money Loving Dwarves, Logical Lizards, and Tinkering Imps. Each unique and each bring up propositions that connect to them...most of which I found myself voting downard. Several that were proposed would only benefit that race, and all the other's would disagree with them (Two for the Undead, One for the Elves, Three for the Dwarves, Two for the Lizards, and Three for the Imps). Several major choices (Equal pay for the sexes, gay marriage, etc.), aren't even presented, but can only have your word in them by talking to certain people who are in the areas (Bridge and Bar are the most). I think in total I only passed about four or five things presented, and ended up rejecting the rest.Defining the spouse is a little tricky as I have only completed one playthrough and therefore only had one wife. Therefore I feel as though I cannot truly review this, but I can say I feel the dialouge for the Lizard Spouse is far too short (Only was about three events).(Plot Twist Spoilers)Corvus (to me) was the only really interesting character, as being a giant demon head wired to the ship. I do plan on doing a quick replay (as I had skipped Corvus' options in case of moral drawbacks), to find out what he offers, but seeing how the game itself became fairly easy when he was revealed...I'm not expecting much.Now for the gameplayOne part is a Risk type map, and a VERY small part of it is the actual RTS.You can only take phyiscal control of one battle per turn, so unless you boil each turn to one fight (highly unlikely in chapter two), then you won't be playing a RTS, but rather an easy version of Risk.You can only use one general as well per turn, so even with the choice of four, you only get the option once. If you've already used your RTS turn, and a general; then you're left the the basic % chance of victory presented to you.The Risk map is very simple and rather easy, as all it litterally is is massing an army and take over each area per turn. There is no real strategy, as every fight (including the RTS), becomes a slugfest, that you will ended up winning most of the time.For the RTS battles, are fairly easy as well. Chances are the only real trouble you will have are the Capitol battles, and even then there are only three enemies you have to be careful of: Warlocks, Imp Fighters, and Anti-Air Missles (which your opponent will build in their main base 75% of the time). Even though the game warns you that as a dragon form you can't take on whole armies at once....but you really can. After obtaining about four certain skills you can whipe armies off the map and then fly off and solo a base. I found myself simple flying over an army, fearing it, using a pillar of flame to burn them, then Eye of Patriarch to remove another army. Any damage taken is removed with either the pillar of healing or the self heal spell.Despite all my gripings I did enjoy it, as it is visually appealing, and some of the characters lines did make me laugh. Obviously it had my attention enough to beat it and obtain all of the units and dragon abilities.All in all however, I do not recommend Divinity: Dragon Commander. Is it worth its $40 price tag? No. Worth it on sale however? Yes. Just make sure you have the space for it, because the visual appeal is most of what it has going for it."
,Recommended,243950,17261709,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Arsene-Lupin,"Divinity: Dragon Commander is a difficult game to understand without playing. Most games these days fit very neatly into established genres--genres so well established that in many cases we know every there is to know about a game's mechanics and systems before we even start playing. Dragon Commander, however, is a different animal entirely.But to label Dragon Commander a hybrid-genre game is to do Dragon Commander a great disservice. While Dragon Commander is composed of elements drawn from a half-dozen or so different genres, it deftly synthesizes those elements to create something truly unique and utterly satisfying.  Imagine a fast-paced RTS game where battles unfold in minutes rather than hours, where maps are small and contained so that every single choke point matters, where how quickly you move and react to the battlefield matter just as much or more than your tactical insights. Where, at any point in the game, you can transform into a dragon and wreak havok on your enemies as though it were a 3rd-person flight combat game.Dragon Commander far from perfect. But, for all its flaws, it's one of the most deeply engaging and entertaining RTS games I've played in my life. The last RTS I found this engaging or innovative was probably Rise of Nations, way back when."
76561198009289583,Not Recommended,243950,9943369,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Waldo,"I really like the concept, but execution is lacking. The combat was RTS battles with TBS global perspectives. You are limited to leading one combat per turn and the rest are based on majority of units attacking/defending by your generals. You get married and each wife has a unique storyline which is interesting, but I did not want to run throgh the global combat a second play through just for the wifes sake. $10-15 is the most I would recommend to pay."
76561198006786167,Not Recommended,243950,10936438,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,BrianDavion,"I got this game for 10 dollars on sale and I'm glad I didn't spend more. it's not a BAD game, but it's not a good game. as a concept the game's intrigueing, combineing RTS with strategic turn based with some roleplayish elements too. unfortunatly this game doesn't do any of those particularly well. if you  want a RTS game with a stratigcic turn based campaign map, I reccomend going with the total war series or something instead. the RP aspects mostly involve playing politics, which could have been a lot of fun, but unfortunatly after the first choice (which related to conscription.  something many nations have debated during war time) the issues are transparently modern, you know it's rediculas when you're fighting a civil war for the future of the world entire, and the elves are trying to get you to legalize gay marriage. while the undead (who earlier had tried to convince you to marry a skelliton girl) are protesting because marriage is about pro-creation. the decisions re these issues are always pretty binary too. with no possiable idea of a sensable comprimise. the long and short of it is people who actually LIKE politics will find it overly simple and lacking nuiance. Long and short props to the devs for the unique and intreasting idea behind this game. but it just fell short of execution"
,Recommended,243950,28398859,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Tetris,"Great Graphics. Awesome Gameplay.A Great Balance Between Politics, RTS and TBS.Recommended for ANY Strategy Fan. Also Recommended for Action Lovers. the Dragon is not for show!Rating: 9.5/10It Feels Great to be a Dragon Commander!"
,Recommended,243950,1054796,"Posted: 11 August, 2013",all,Violet@DQN,基本はスタークラフト2+ドラゴン操作をするゲーム。凄くよくできたゲーム、だが日本語化ができないからつらいかも・・・チュートリアル親切だからどうにかなるよ！面白いけど、日本語化きてくれー！
76561198324398413,Recommended,243950,26409135,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Jake Dragontamer,Really liked this game has few things wrong and never ran into any bugs that ppl are talking about
76561198045291203,Recommended,243950,12367234,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,ensignedwards,"A very strange game, but a good one. It tries to be several things at once -- an action RPG, a turn-based strategy game, an RTS, an empire management simulator -- but while you'd think being a jack of all trades and master of none would be a bad thing, the multiple layers combine to become more than the sum of their parts and present a very compelling experience.It's also got a pretty strong story, gorgeous graphics, and a nice sense of humour that isn't too in your face.Plus, turning into a dragon and blasting the enemy's base into oblivion is pretty damn awesome."
76561198131194116,Recommended,243950,31432204,Posted: 28 April,all,Gloomreach Estates,"I personally loved this game. Easily my favorite RTS/Strategy game I've played. I'm a sucker for BioWare-style RPG games though, so be warned.I recommend this game to fans of Strategy, Grand Narrative, and RTS games. If you don't like one of these, this game may not be for you.Divinity: Dragon Commander is a three layer cake of sorts.- A dialogue and story-driven political sim plays between battles. This is, in my opinon, the 'main' game. Courting the approval of five nonhuman races is part of this layer. Approval figures are effeced by legislative decisions presented to the player by advisors of each race. I have no idea why human approval figures don't play a role.- A RISK-like strategic game with an emphasis on postioning and logistics serves as the second 'layer'.- FInally, an optional tactical fast-paced resource gathering RTS game decides the fate of individual battles. The game's auto-resolutions assume the worst in terms of tactics.The five races are the (conservative)Dwarves, (ecological)Elves, (scientific)Imps, (pious)Undead, and (liberally-minded)reptilian dragon folk.This is a very well-written game, but there are a few moments in the campaign where Larian studios' agenda seems forced and apparent.After the first act, the player character required to marry one of four princesses. This has a strong effect on approval numbers that can be changed by player decisions as it is still early game. This element of romance may annoy or turn-off some. I enjoyed the more personal sub-narrative.Summary of my experience:I married a stereotypical elf maiden, built battleships, fostered her interest in fine wines, facilitated her growing disinterest in elf culture, and we both grew(in hindsight) a littletooclose to the Dwarves. I managed to have BOTH the Imps and Undead hate me. The Elves didn't much like me either. However, the dwarves and (especially)the lizards loved the regime. I also killed the demon and united the kingdom, but the goofy elf princess and battleships were the highlights.Thanks Larian!"
,Recommended,243950,13841316,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,WhyTheFalcons,"You are a dragon with a jet pack.  Why?  Because it's awesome, that's why!  This game has a great mix of complexity, action, rts, humor, with serious topics thrown into the mix.  You have to manage your armies, research, and politics which both change how well you do in battle.  It's amazing and I highly recommend it."
76561198018407171,Recommended,243950,10419133,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Johnny,dragons
,Recommended,243950,382302,"Posted: 7 August, 2013",all,Starbuck,A dragon deserves wives.
,Recommended,243950,14515338,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Kalisto,"It's worth buying on sale if you are into politics games. It has interesting characters, good shake of funny lines here and there. Unfortunatelly not many of them are explored into greater depth, but they've got me intrigued and wanting for more.The map strategy part is kinda fun. But it's simple. And I would have prefered if it was the main combat part because:The RTS part is horrid and I am avoiding it every step of the game through auto-resolve. That whole part just doesn't fit with the rest and is obnoxious click-fest. But successfully ignoring it, I am indeed having lots of fun with this game.BUT!IT HAS A DRAGON WITH A JETPACK!"
,Recommended,243950,18788302,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,<™[-=> Cookiez <=-]™>,"Bought it on the Steam Sale in Oct 2015. I think everyone ought to try this game. It's got so many interesting features, ranging from the Strategic Cards, Dragon Abilities, tech trees to diplomatic relations. Definitely worth trying.PROS1. Interesting GameIt is both familiar and refreshing to see the Dragon Commander's characters. The standard Tolkien lineup of human, dwarf, elf, dragon and undead lets you expect certain stereotypes of the races. However, the slight tweaks and nuances of the races do make the game more interesting. E.g. The technical Imps (instead of goblins), the religious Undead (instead of a holy Ecclesiarch) and the business-like Dwarves (instead of a helmet and pickaxe rune monger).2. Strategic Map and Combat MapKudos to Larian Studios. I love the Strategic Overview and the Combat Map. The difference between macro and micro is so distinct, yet the game plays so smoothly. On the Strategic Map, the little chess pieces that you load onto the transports are so beautiful.3. Character InteractionsToo few to count but it is pretty interesting to hear the conversations and complaints.4. The RavenI love the command ship. So cool. I wish I could interact with some interesting parts of the ship. E.g. The main batteries / canons, buying a cloaking module for the ship, watching the crew have conversations and gossip.5. Interaction ChoicesI was hoping for a 4 choice table whenever a tough decision has to be made. It would be arranged in a square with 2 options on top and 2 options below. Some options might even be greyed out due to one not fulfilling certain conditions.6. Political IntrigueA bit more juicy please. So far, I get the very dry and stale decisions which can be decided with a ""flip-a-coin"" contest.7. Combat MapLove the scroll out view. Reminds me of Supreme Commander. Love not having to do Bob-the-BuilderCONS1. Jetpack DragonThere is a Chinese saying ""Drawing legs on a snake"". It is a proverb of two boys who competed to draw a snake. One was so good at art, he drew a complete snake in matter of seconds. However, in his arrogance, he added legs to the snake. This, of course, lost him the competition.2. Dragon CardsI do not like having to bind the Dragon Card Skill from the list of skills to the 0-9 keys, if there is excess space. It should be default. Imagine if you missed binding the key, you would have wasted a Dragon card for no reason.3. ShipsThere are some maps where you have 2 water bodies split by a land mass. This causes the reinforcements that you bring in to be stuck on the wrong side of the land mass, preventing you from hitting the enemy base. I think the name of the map might have been 2v2 Dragon Pass (I might be wrong on this). I know that naval units are hard to balance with the water body maps but I think you can solve it with water teleportation / Dragon transport.4. Campaign Act IIt is odd but I think that prolonging Act I is more beneficial to the player than cutting it short. If you end Act I too fast, you won't have enough research to bring over to Act II. Thus, it's actually beenficial to conquer the whole map in Act I and drag it on until you complete enough dragon/unit research.5. Combat MapThe view and orientation are horrible. The minimap and the orientation do not move in tandem. E.g. You move forward and the minimap moves right.6. UnitsIt's kind of boring attacking the same units that you have. I can see that both sides have a1. Trooper2. Grenadier3. Warlock4. Shaman5. Hunter6. Zeppelin7. Imp Fighter8. Transport9. Ironclad10. Dreadnaught11. Devastator12. Bombing Balloon13. ArmourMore asymmetry please. Add more unique units to the list? I was expecting each faction to add 13 unique units to each side, at the very least. That way, you would get 39 different units, not counting unique buildings. There's a defunct game called Naval Warfare that you could take the units from.7. No TutorialYou have to guess that you right click on the map in order to build units. You have to guess that it's a turn based game and you end your turn by clicking on the hourglass.8. Unintuitive KeysQ for Auto-attack? Why not A?SUGGESTIONS1. Racial Superweapons / SuperpowersFor example, if you became extremely friendly with the Imps, you could create a super Imp Air Fortress. If you became extremely friendly with the Elves, you could get use rare Land Magic of the Elves.2. Overcoming the Limitations of WaterScrew physics, you already have a jetpack dragon. Here's a list.a. Airship DreadnaughtsThey used to be limited by water, now they fly.b. Giant Air Transports for ShipsNow you can move ships from one water body to another, even across mountains. You could even use the Dragon.c. Ship TeleportationThe Hunter can already teleport. Why not teleport the ships? If this reduces the uniqueness of the Hunter, how about a whirlpool effect, just like Heroes of Might and Magic?3. Enemy GeneralsYou have 4. Maybe you can capture / convince more to your side?4. Arguments between the Diplomats and the GeneralsHow would that pan out?5. Unit BackstoryI know that this might sound strange but it helps to flesh out the story but engaging with a story character that signifies a certain unit. E.g. Admiral Stukov from Starcraft (Battlecruiser), Sarah Kerrigan from Starcraft (Ghost)6. Certain Major Strategic Locations for the CampaignEvery location on the strategic map is more or less the same, save for the Capital. Perhaps, Larian could include some areas where there are certain special buildings or quests? These maps would then have a special map designed just for campaign purposes. The current method of using a multiplayer map isn't as exciting.7. Co-Op CampaignThis game can be played with friends vs AI. Could you add that function in?8. Multiplayer AlliesAs far as I understand, there is no such option available. Each player takes their own position."
76561197978030322,Recommended,243950,9395389,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,l3lood_Knight,"Game has a lot of Decision making involved to the point you almost forget its a RTS. Which is a good thing since the RTS part gets kinda boring after a dozen battles, there is a auto resolve which makes it a little faster, since all sides have mirror units not much uniqueness to the battles save for the fact you can summon your dragon form and fly across the battlefield burning all your enemys almost single handedly which is generally fun.A good game to get if you like bickering politicians, rowdy generals, and a Dragon with a jetpack!Worth getting but recommend waiting for a sale."
,Recommended,243950,24364872,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Smejki,"So this game consist of 3 layer.1) Real-time strategy battles2) 4X-y turn based global map3) Stracraft2 style inter-mission pick-a-room-pick-a-person talky partThe RTS part is a subpar crap. Any strategy game with this bad battles would be doomed to die unnoticed. The strategic map is way more interesting in all aspects. This is the place where some actual strategy takes place. Yet still it is nothing to call home about.So why do I recommend this game?The talking part, seemingly least crucial one. Or it would be in any other game of this type. This game however put all the effort here and it shows. You will be rewarded with a rather wide cast of excellently written and voiced characters, with many little personal and even interpersonal stories wherein you take a part. You will also have to make many political decision on certain topic on which every race representative and often many of your enerals has opinion of their own. It helps it a great deal that this game takes itself very lightly so you are presented with many hilarious situations unlike anywhere else. I mean, you get to pick a wife. And she could be an undead skeleton. With bone cancer.Sold!"
76561198033473318,Not Recommended,243950,9799498,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Mikolaj,"I am sorry to give this game a negative recommendation, it does have good elements, trouble is, its core is not good. The game has an interesting mix of RPG, turn-based strategy, RTS and combat. RPG elements are well done, characters are colourful and the issues discussed seem well presented and real. Unfortunately they are just a background to the conquest game. This is done in turns on a Risk-like map, unfortunately it has complexity close to Risk too... When you go into combat you get an RTS during which you can transform into a dragon to blast things away. Actually the dragon part is really, really fun, probably the best part of the game, sadly RTS part suffers from the same problems as the strategic map - it is really, really simplistic. That's understandable as parts of it you will spend as a dragon, but you can't win this way, ignoring the RTS combat and it is really bland...Dragon Commander has too much put together, some of these elements are really good, some really bad, trouble is, a game like this needs to get everything right to be really enjoyable."
76561198005406191,Not Recommended,243950,30363908,Posted: 6 March,all,servvsumbrarum,"Greetings again.  I really want to like this game; it is composed of all my favorite things in an RTS:  Campaign, Hero Units, a conquest map and RPG elements.  It is just done so poorly it is impossible to really enjoy it.  I Started playing again today (I beat the campaign sometime ago) and unfortunately it is just as boring as I remember.RTS Fundamentals:  Base building is almost non-existing to anyone familiar with RTS mechanics, the base building itself isn’t bad actually.  Sometimes I want a more unit focused game or more of a ‘Brawler RTS’.  The bases are fairly simple, think of them as outposts on a map and having nearby units captures a plot that you can build a specific type of unit.  Not terrible as I said, but the issue is that the simplicity of the units make the game feel more like a Tower Defense and less like an RTS; units die and are built at speeds accentuating this style.  The maps are fairly linear feeling more like the lanes of (again) a Tower Defense.  Yes, there are sometimes side avenues but they are fairly obvious.   One thing I will say is that the controls handle well and have all the modern quality of life improvements needed.  Overall, the RTS function of this game is boring and nothing we haven’t seen before.RPG / Hero Unit:  This again, isn’t bad. You can research things (like in most RTS) either from building (in skirmish) or in the research screen (for campaign).  These upgrades are fun and enjoyable, especially on the campaign.  You also get to control ‘You’ which is actually a dragon and for the most part it isn’t bad, the issue is that the AI almost immediately auto attacks you and I felt that I really couldn’t provide more than hit and run attacks during big battles, and yes you do need to be involved in those big battles or they grind quickly to a halt with the before mentioned Tower Defense Style.Story / Campaign:  Not bad, they do a decent job at giving you interesting and well voiced characters, feeling similar to StarCraft 2 campaign but the culture, species and ships make you long for something that isn’t represented in the game itself, where are my undead units, dwarven units or anything that doesn’t feel like a robot marching along.  The campaign mechanics of conquest is kind of boring, eventually you end up just weighting a game so far in your favor that you steamroll any map before the enemy can build anything and the conquest style movements leave flanks open to having the same done to you, eventually it drags to a halt and you end up having to slowly build back up.  I eventually just started running around with a ‘kill team’ that increased my auto-chances to a foregone conclusion and found myself playing risk instead of an RTS.Overall, this game has everything I love in an RTS, but they forgot about the fundamentals and fun before the Developers starting adding the entire nuance.  I’d avoid it if were you, after attempting to replay the campaign I got an hour or two into and just said “No, I’d rather play a game I don’t like over playing a game I want to love.”  Maybe your experience will be different."
,Recommended,243950,16684077,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Klkan,"Apart from silly clishe name the game is nothing but originality.Its a suacidal mix of RPG RTS Dragon combat and an out of place card game (cause its bloody obligatory nowadays thanks blizzard)......so does this mix actually work?Well yes and no, the only element that falls flat on its scaly behind is the RTS element, the RTS part of this game is basiclly Swarm spot K Swarm spot Q to take over base B while defending base A, all you do is swarm your enemies, however its other elements are fantastic and executed extreamly well, the artstyle is fun and well..the game in itself is fun..and original the optimization is great no issues whatsoever also little to no buggs, pick it up, totally worth every penny.   Slapping an useless score for the heck of it  Dragonswithjetpacks/10..............dragons with jetpacks what more do you want! buy it! do it now!"
76561198010484052,Recommended,243950,23246868,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Phlippieskezer,"The game is difficult to recommend, due to its really subpar RTS component (which is really 50% rock-paper-scissors, 50% zerg rush), but man the dragon component is really satisfying and overall the game has an enormous amount of character and flavour (politics and negotation was really fun). If that component was brushed up, this game would be just about perfect. I had a lot of fun with it, but I don't really see myself revisiting it very often. I'd recommend it only on the caveat that you're willing to overlook its glaring flaws in the RTS side of things, because they've done everything else exceptionally well."
,Recommended,243950,16771192,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Spoony Bard,"An interesting hybrid of real-time strategy, role-playing, and dragon action. Not sure if non-Divinity fans would be interested in this, but it's not bad. It's a shame I was not able to play any multiplayer matches, but I hope that changes in the future."
76561198007313766,Not Recommended,243950,9791519,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,ShadowPrimal,"I really hoped that this game would be fun, but nothing seemed to come together and it turned out to be really boring.  Strategically, it bases you in an airship where you make political and research decisions (think Starcraft II) and the campaign uses a Risk-type board to choose battles (almost an exact rip-off of Rise of Nations).  The 'political' decisions that you make influence your relationships with the races under your control, but the decisions are so heavy-handed, unrelated to what is going on and ridiculously unsuited to a fantasy world that this entire part of the game feels like it was thrown in after the game was completed.  The actual combat is among the most generic I've seen in a RTS game. Most battles against the computer are either fighting off the equivelent of a zerg rush for the entire battle, or the computer getting stuck and letting you roll over them.  My best guess is that they rushed the battle design and AI because the big selling point was being able to join the battles yourself as a dragon instead.  In actual implementation, the dragon is interesting a few times, but more often than not I felt it was actually an annoyance.  Controls aren't great, but at times it is overpowered to the extent that you can take on a whole army by yourself.  Overall, there are a vast number of better options available on Steam."
,Recommended,243950,9829376,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,choiboy2,"Great strategy game, Has both turn based, rpg, and RTS elements that work great together. The controls are a little tricky to get used to, but it's a great set up for its complexity. 9/10 from me!"
76561197970930056,Recommended,243950,10643214,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Zogman1,like risk with RTS battles and dragons
76561198006532564,Recommended,243950,12229863,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Augustei,"Quite an Underrated Game, RTS Combat may be a bit lackluster but the story elements are quite good. Plenty of decisions to be made in how to run the Empire you are forming which can be quite interesting, engaging and amusing."
,Recommended,243950,7873612,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Darkgoozey,"Holy balls, this was on my interest list for a while, but I wasn't willing to spend the 50 dollars for it. I bought it on Steam sale and I realized I should have bought this game a while ago. The story is pretty good and there are plenty of laughs. It's more of a RTS  Bioware game. You have RTS action at times but half the time you will be spending interacting with the characters in the game. 8/10 would recomend highly."
,Recommended,243950,15222388,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,atris13,"I was concerned getting this game when if first launched because of the RTS aspect. Having played and enjoyed all other divinity games, I knew it would be good- just I would struggle with RTS. The game is phenomenal. I've gone through several play throughs just to enjoy the story. I've been successful to varying degrees in RTS (hard as well). I still am not good at RTS, but learning shortcuts and critical dragon powers easily compensates in some cases. The stories are fun and well thought out. A blast to play.I HIGHLY recommend this."
,Recommended,243950,18212056,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Enigma4you,"This game is a mixed bag, but it's a good game over all.It can be broken down into 3 parts: Politics, RTS, and Risk-like Strategy game.The politics part is pretty straight forward. You make choices on touchy subjects and risk alienating some races while getting the support of others. The characters are really unique and the story lines that you can follow are very entertaining, and definitely one of the highlights of the games. All the characters are memorable and have amazing voice acting. And you get to pick a wife.Also during this part of the game is a chance to unlock upgrades for your dragon. The upgrades turn you from overpowered dragon that destroys everything into an invincible god that demolishes anything it looks at. It also has upgrades for your RTS units but who cares about those when you can destroy everything yourself.Politics: 9/10The strategy part has your maneuvering your forces along a map as you try to defeat the enemy in a large scale campaign. You decide where to move, depending on what political infuences you have in the area and how your opponent advances, and which units to build with your limited resources. You also get cards which can give you an advantage in individual fights.Also for the less RTS-inclined, you can skip the battles and just get an outcome for each fight. This is nice if you absolutely hate the RTS part, but you learn not to do that when your dragon character is part of the fight since you can easily turn a 1% chance of victory into 100% since the dragon is overpowered.Each action counts and you have to think about where you have to send each squad. You'll quickly learn just how overpowered your dragon character is and will have to decide what the best place to send him is, more than any other factor.Strategy: 6/10The RTS part is the most disappointing part of the game. I know a lot of people are interested in this game because of it. but it doesn't live up to the expectations, at least not as an RTS.If you try to play this game like a proper RTS commanding your units, you will get destroyed every single time by the AI. It is extremely difficult to outplay the AI this way, and almost never works. However, once you understand how to use your dragon powers, you only need your units to capture each area. Your dragon will destroy everything every time. It is so broken in this mode, that you will stop sending commands to your units except to send them all the way to enemy's base, and you decimate all the enemy's units while they get there.This is the least interesting part of the game since it's completely unbalanced. That said, it's always fun to blow stuff up so it's still fun in it's own way. It's just not a good RTS.RTS:  6/10(because you can blow stuff up as a dragon mostly)Overall the game is fun to play. I haven't had a chance to play it online since I mainly just wanted to play the campaign, and I enjoyed it thoroughly. The story is not the most amazing thing ever, but the characters more than make up for it. I think this game tried to do too much and was therefore mediocre at everything. Perhaps for a future installation they'll fix the shortcomings and make an amazing game.Overall rating: 7/10This is the perfect game for anyone who likes dragons, blowing stuff up, and humourous characters.You will not like this game if you are looking for a serious, balanced RTS or strategy game."
76561198045483257,Recommended,243950,9825674,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,zealk,"so let me start this by saying i dont like stratagy games, but this is one of the greatest games i have played for a long time.first, let it be known that you have probably misinterprited the name to mean the lesser of the two images you get from it. you are not one who commands dragons, you ARE a dragon that commands. this game feels off compared to the previous divinity games. like either the old dev team is gone or they decided that they didnt want to make clunky rpgs and instead wanted to make a stratagy game that was pure awsome.first the story, your father was the emporer of all the land and has sevral children after bringing the world to peace, including you but you were not with his wife, you were with a dragoness lover of his and lived with her as a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ child. until one day your half brothers rose up and killed your father for the throne and now war over the kingdom. the court mage came to you, to give you an army to join the fight because you are the only one who was not involved in the murder so in his eyes you are the only one worthy of the throne, awsomness to follow.as an example of its greatness it has a morale choice system that has you make REAL morale choices. unlike most game that give you the choice of sing the children to sleep or burn down their house. there are five factions backing you and every now and then the come to you with a problem one would like solved. but this may upset the others, for example one that happens early is the elven ambasaror comes to you asking if he can make goverment healthcare for dwarfs (insert Obama joke here) who do very dangorus jobs that dont pay well, so if a miner looses his leg in a cave in now he cant feed his faimly. well if you do it... now the dwarfs dont like you... your wasting gold that should be used for the war effort to help people not involved in the war. not only that but now you take a pemenent penalty to all gold production in exchange for popularity with the people. almost every choice the game throws at you has real rewards and concequences like this.as for the combat itself. you earn points for having HQ buildings and use them to build troops, turrets, buildings and summoning your dragon. the troop system is really balanced, if you attack with only your strongest troop you will loose quickly because a balanced squad will work better than a bunch of tanks. also i have only played on normal but i notice the AI seems to be limited to one action at a time, to make it more like your fighting another person rather than an AI (might change at higher difficulty but its hard enough for me at normal.)oh and i promised you playing a dragon didnt i? oh i didnt not lie, at any time when you are controling battle and have 20 recrutment points you can press the R key and TRANSFORM you have one hundredpercent control of your flight and attacks, getting sevral abilites to help like sabatoging buildings, boosting your own troops and raining acid breath upon your foes. unfortunatly the coolest aspect is also where its weakpoint sits. when you transform the controls for your troops change due to now the mouse is used to aim and fire and the num keys are your dragon abilites. the problem is the controls change so radicly that its almost imposible to try to control them fully  when flying at their side. i have looked at the controls sevral times and still cant figure out how to do anything but select and move troops, even though i know you can select friendly buildings and build troops as a dragon.the last thing to talk about is the world itself, i have always hated generic fantasy and the fact that exists make me cry at night, but i love this world even though its very close to generic fantasy. its due to the fact that it takes the sterotypes of elfs and dwarfs and evolve them. dwarfs still have a scottish accent, love booze, and gold. but they dont look like dwarfs, every one is very well groomed, dressed in the fanciest silks and furs money can buy and indulge in every expensive habit available. they USE the gold, not hoard it.so lets go over this again, if you love stratagy, you will love this game, if you dont, you will love this game, if you hate fun then why are you on steam?... but you problably will like this game anyway. its a complete change from the other divinity games and as far as i can tell dont even take place in the same world and if you are a fan of it that might turn you off dragon commander, but if you can look at it like an elseworld story  then hopfuly you can look past it and give it a try, i put the value of this game at a full 60 bucks out of the charged 39.99"
76561198027870948,Recommended,243950,8031039,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Aroswing,"I enjoyed Divinity Dragon Commander despite having no prior experience with RTS's. Calling it an RTS game isn't all that fair, because it combines turn based strategy and real time strategy elements into one, and that's just for the war. The biggest part of the game I enjoy is the political desicions system and how it affects your country. I enjoy interacting with the very colorful characters aboard the Raven (your ship) and making decisions that will either give me adoration or hate.My biggest gripe with the game is that the rounds early on in the game are basicly games of who can build more units and travel the fastest to other parts of the map for more resources. If you fail early on, it can be hard to come back, as each portion of the country you don't claim automaticly is going to be a country that benefits your opponents and you have to caputre. All in all though, a very solid game with a ton of fun."
,Recommended,243950,20791713,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Slingblade,"A hodge podge of strategy games that feels oh so very right. I enjoy the way they mesh together, and nothing feels better than turning the tides of a RTS battle that you had only 1% chance to win by turning into a dragon with a jetpack, and leveling all the non anti-air units. The strategy elements aren't hard to figure out for anyone who's played any type of RTS, and is a great game to lose some time in.The politics of this game contribute by enhancing or hampering your controlled territories by the decisions you make, plus there are factions you can either appease or essentially treat like a tiny bug by crushing their hopes of ever being significant.All the characters are interesting, and you have the ability to marry someone from each of the factions, including a lizard, a dwarf, and skeleton. I never found myself wishing for different scenarios in the game outside of the ability of diplomacy which is my only real gripe with an otherwise fantastic game."
,Recommended,243950,5980969,"Posted: 6 August, 2013",all,Captcrunchjr,Excellent to surprising degree. Awesome expansive singleplayer and fun multiplayer. Definitely a recommend
76561197997540902,Recommended,243950,7324671,"Posted: 6 October, 2013",all,Rhinos are cool,"This game as great RPG elements, the main reason why I play it. Unfortunately its RTS side is too simple and lacking. But I can still recommend it because of is charm and humour. Also how it dehumanises real-world issues by placing it among a fantasy setting with fantasy races."
,Recommended,243950,7603740,"Posted: 8 November, 2013",all,skyst,"OK SO LARIAN STUDIOS IS AT IT AGAIN WITH THEM DRAGON SHENANIGANS BUT THIS AINT DIVINITY, IT'S DIVINITY DRAGON COMMANDER.  FIRST OFF DIVINITY DRAGON COMMAND IS NOT AN RPG BUT IT HAS DIALOGUE AND MEANINGFUL CHOUICE AND CONSEQUENCE, TALENT TREES AND PROB SOME ITEMS.  DIVINITY DRAGOON COMMANDERS IS NOT A RTS BUT THERE IS SOME STRATEGY CONDUCTED IN REAL TIME AND ALSO SOME LIGHT BASE BUILDING AND MOVEMENT OF ♥♥♥♥♥♥ TROOPS.  ALSO LASTLY DIVINE DIVINITY DRAGON DIETY IS NOT A FLIGHT SIM/SHOOTER BUT YOU GOTTA FLY DAT DRAGON AROUND PS PICK THE FATTY MOUNTAIN DRAGON HE RAPES FACE."
,Recommended,243950,18835397,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,シェリアス,+Dragon Theme :D++动作类结合战略类游戏。新颖的组合但没有任何操作上的阻碍。+丰富的游戏内容与强大的AI。+优秀的画面渲染。++世界观庞大而创意。游戏中拥有太多的东西值得去挖掘+++超级棒的游戏背景音乐！！--略差劲的优化。机子再好偶尔都会卡顿。--过于强大的电脑对手。往往电脑初期有一大堆战略资源可以使用而初始玩家啥都没有。拥有超强进攻性的电脑经常把新手玩家打得不知所措。-经常无法连接多人服务器:<>>喜欢策略类游戏的玩家不应该错过这个神作XD
76561198173606567,Not Recommended,243950,22228023,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,KeinSchiesse,"Tries to do too many things average, instead of a select few good. Quantity over quality."
76561198063121518,Recommended,243950,33716659,Posted: 22 July,all,Salty Turret,"I didn't love it but the story elements held my attention and I got into it long enough to enjoy it. Combat is kind of weird for a strategy game and going dragon mode has some pretty unpleasant controls, the story is however banching and there's a challenge to playing. definitely more of a sale buy than a full price buy though"
,Recommended,243950,7367526,"Posted: 12 October, 2013",all,Mcswine,"A unique game. Not perfect, but good fun. Co-op maps are great fun."
76561198027093293,Recommended,243950,9788220,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Roofstone,"In this game, you are a commander of a steampunk airship populated with undead, goblins, lizard people, humans and feminists.You are also a dragon with a jetpack.The RTS aspect of the game can be a bit lackluster here and there, but it is overall a very fun game since the dragon parts carry it very well.The meat and bone is in the politics though, every race has their own agenda, and they very rarely agree. And it is up to you to balance it all out so you can get their trust and friendship.Buy it. This game must be bought."
,Recommended,243950,7371706,"Posted: 12 October, 2013",all,Razzmann,"Dragons with Jetpacks....NUFF SAID!No, seriously. If you want a game with a really good RTS part, you shouldn´t buy this game. But this game features diplomacy, RPG gameplay, card gameplay, action gameplay and RTS gameplay. It´s just a unique awesome game. It combines these parts so well. Only the RTS gameplay is not that good, but despite this it makes a lot of fun. Also it is worth replaying and it has a great multiplayer."
,Recommended,243950,11397194,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Omnipotron,"Quite good.  This game isn't overly, thoroughly fleshed out in its three pillars of play: narrative, world strategy, and direct unit command.  Somehow, though, what they produced in each of these pillars is just enough to enjoy, particularly when the game presents them one by one every turn.The dialogue and story really surprised me.  Its premise is intriguing, and the developments are startling.  You'll receive jarring political proposals from left and right wing factions, discover a villain in hiding right under your nose, and settle matters between squabbling generals who don't immediately have your respect.  The personalities shone through brightly and the voice acting was sufficiently hammed up for what is essentially a fantasy soap opera.  But, as stated, not entirely fleshed out.  Reaching the conclusion of any story conflict, beyond some spoken words and the occassional shadow puppetry cutscene, is abrupt and unfulfilling.  It's a real shame for all the build up, so have your imaginations ready to fill in chapter epilogues.The world map isn't overly sophisticated.  Producing units and shuffling them about the board can be satisfying if you're quick thinking.  But if you get caught up pondering your next move, like my undeveloped strategic mind will often do, you wake up and realize you're staring at something that's mostly static, with hardly a thrilling flair when battles are won or lost.  More amusing is shoving units into battle knowing your odds are poor but selecting the option to directly control the battle.This phase of gameplay gives a view and functions similar to games like StarCraft, but more like Dawn of War.  Expect to manage control points for money, build units that move in real time, and eliminate the opponent's army or base.  The battle is determined by the number of units present on the strategy map that prompts this specfic battle, and this where you can turn the odds in your favor by using your dragon form.  Out of nowhere, you can materialize a dragon onto the screen and maneuver it like a character out of a third person shooter, controlling your position and height while breathing fire onto troops or activating spells to benefit allies or cripple enemies.  If you were caught off guard on the strategy map, expect to concentrate on using the dragon form very intently.  You may have to frantically fly about avoiding ground to air fire, scorching key units, and shielding your army.  All in all, not as developed as a true real time strategy game, but mixing these elements was really fun.Honestly, this game doesn't need a huge commitment to see the appeal and it was really great to get to see different genres interwoven together into something relatable for avid game players and manageable for interested players that might not be familiar with so many titles."
76561198043642585,Not Recommended,243950,8960127,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Tactical Baron,"Seems like a good game, with good ideas, but I find that the mechanics and the slow to get going turn based campaign battle map limit it.  To me, I found this game to be frustratingly slow, and the battles being rather unimportant and pointless with quick unit rushes. I wish I could get my money back, having wasted the forty bucks on a game that serves to annoy me more than anything else."
76561198068705418,Recommended,243950,13160629,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Revolver Ocelot,"great game, combines RTS, turn-based, and a political sim all into on nice package. the game has a nice depth if you really get into it making the game a bit easyer but you can also ignore it if you dont mind a bit more difficulty. multiplayer is nice for noobs and pros alike. the dragon adds a very nice tide turner to the game and adds urgency to a battle instead of just bunching up your men because of the possibility for a dragon strike. the cards also add a useful tactic. both of these combind to make every battle a nail biter. you havent won until you've won. all in all i'd say 9/10 my only complaint is that i wish my political choises had more weight to them"
76561198056906140,Recommended,243950,13012701,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Obi Wan Shinobi,"Another amazing Game From Larian Studios. Although the graphics in the combat phase are a bit lacking, it is everything you should expect from the Divinity line of games. Easy learning curve, but hard play curve. Easy is Normal, Normal is Hard, and Hard is Hard.........er. Also, a beautiful mix of 4x, map control, and RTS elements. Even though the RTS elements are extremely basic, they should not be the make or break of this game. Every decision has positive and negative effects on the game. Want to specialize with a certain race, be prepared to have lower performance when battling on a corner of the map controlled by another. Want to generalize the races, that's fine too. Just don't expect too many advantages. All in all, it is a well rounded game that I feel is under appreciated because they did not focus on any one point to shine."
,Recommended,243950,28319355,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,V.O.,It's like you're playing simplified civ and a well-okay starcraft 2the best part is you can be a dragon so why not
,Recommended,243950,1808211,"Posted: 15 August, 2013",all,Spooky Pleb,"Dragon Commander’s a bit like an over-friendly dog that jumps up at you, headbutts you in the crotch, licks you on the eye and then farts in helpless excitement when you come home."
76561198013026789,Recommended,243950,13800607,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Pi Flavored,"Imagine for a moment, if someone were to take elements from a real time, and turn based strategy. Send them out on a nice dinner together, then when they get home for their evening ""activities"" they decided to invite an empire building god game over just to make things extra freaky, and the god game brought their card game girlfriend with them, and the four of them just melded together while getting freaky. Aside from that being a rather disturbing and bizarre mental image I just gave you, those four game types mashed together is basically what Dragon Commander is.... and it does what it does quite well! Explaining the entirety of how the game works, and what you can do, would take me far too long here and I frankly don't want to type that much.I will say though, that this game has tremendous personality, is well put together, approches ""morality systems"" in a way I personally have never seen before, and is all around what I'd call a pretty deep game that is a flat out good time! It does things I've always wanted to see in strategy games, and every choice and decision you make in the game will affect how your armies and empire your building function. EVERYTHING matters in this game as far as what you do. Give it a shot. It'll be worth it I think!"
,Recommended,243950,16423459,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Q Sirius Doritos,Play on easy mode so you can have the fantasy of being an all powerful dragon burning those puny ant enemies to the ground while dealing with complex political issues in your home base.
76561198057496374,Recommended,243950,16919237,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Daltheer,You are the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ half-dragon son of the King who has been assassinated by your siblings who you are now at war with.What more do you need?
,Recommended,243950,24618343,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Rocket,A very interesting RTS game with social world building mechanics. I enjoyed the setting and the dragons much so.
,Recommended,243950,18632895,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Dragon Protector,Very Good game with some bugs and why did the developers stop supporting this game? it has dragon in it that are good
,Not Recommended,243950,11096018,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,von_Königsberg,"The main game part of this game is really boring.  The units feel like they're worthless and every battle comes down to tossing waves of guys against your enemy until someone wins.  The ability to turn into a dragon in combat is really cool and the poverarching political narative is pretty funny, but I'm not sure if that's enough to redeem a highly generic rts."
76561198058441786,Recommended,243950,14385606,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Uη¢яєαтινє кιd,"NOTE: I played this game for it's campaign only - no online play.This game is a lot of fun! It mainly plays off quite similarly to a game of risk, and you may chose to engage your enemies and fight your army against them in RTS style. I opted to auto-resolve most fights, as I find it bothersome to use unit abilities whereas the CP players will constantly be using them against you. It's not too much of a bother though... As an example, if you do not adress the cloaked units attacking you (without being revealed when they begin attacking) they will cause an amount of havoc. There are ways to easily counter this by either revealing them by taking command of the Dragon or buffing your units to detect cloaked units, but it is a bother to have to deal with that nonetheless - especially fighting uphill battles.On a whole I ended up skipping engaging in the RTS as I found a small annoyance. If you put a massive army on enemy territory to fight them by taken command of the army - NOT ALL OF YOUR ARMY WILL BE THERE. I thought I was going to spawn in with the map basically covered in my units, turns out I had a mass of transports in the bottom corner and hardly any land units WTH? Totally ruined an awesome moment I had been looking forward to.The ability to talk to your allies inbetween commanding your army was also very enjoyable - very much like SCII. The politics was sometimes boring, at other times engaging. A very nice touch in my opinion as it puts you in the position of being a bad leader to help the war effort or be a good leader and suffer in war. Balancing your decisions in favour of certain races becomes a bit troublesome especially when the undead are such extremists they disagree with everything good.The game can sometimes be unreallistically challenging but with a strong Navy and air support you can overcome most armies quite easily. I had trouble before I realized the value of a stong Navy, after that i had very little issues. By simply stopping Transports before they reach you - you can empty an army before it reaches you. With a combo of a fast moving Air force to back you up whenever you're outmatched your base can be almost inpenetrable as long as you're shutting down certain vantage points and keeping routes to you blocked.Overall 9 or possibly 9.5/10I thoroughly enjoyed this game and even moreso as I got it on 80% sale. Buy this game when on sale and play it - it's worth your money."
76561197989790284,Recommended,243950,14365695,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Nhixx,"I love this game. Politics that affect everyone. Battle on air, land and sea. Research and a crew with their own personalities. The twist of being a dragon. It's right up there with Civ5, Warlock and other games I replay when I want to kill time."
76561198015120079,Recommended,243950,14387871,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,CoolFat,"Fun RTS combat+Cool and Interesting NPCs+Tons of important decisions and concequences+Political decisions that matter to the different races=Enjoyable, believable, and overall fun world to explore and be in. 9/10 What are you waiting for?"
,Recommended,243950,14317538,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Purp Maxos von Pleijades,Very special game for people who look for crazy stuff!
,Not Recommended,243950,9771075,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Fat-ggot the Tumblerer,"This game is wrong. The mini-map is weird. You can't micro-manage properly in Dragon form. The hotkeys are wrongly placed. There's always a little something to♥♥♥♥♥♥you off when you try to enjoy the game. Too bad: the world, story and characters are amazing. I wish I could play it all. :/"
76561198028547477,Not Recommended,243950,9643329,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Bankipriel,"An otherwise outstanding game ruined for the lack of a pause button. A game of vivid characters, intriguing choices, and witty writing made frustrating and utterly unenjoyable as hours of strategy are reduced to my ability to click of stuff quickly due to a totally unbalanced Auto-calculate function on the battles making it impossible to play effictively without engaging in the idiotic RTS portion of this game. I won't waste another mintue on this game, I just wish I could get my money back."
,Recommended,243950,14373503,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Boo the Dog,you will NEVER be a dragon
76561198044195889,Recommended,243950,23217580,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,FelipeJoker,"This game is awesome!You get to play a game that is turn based, RTS + third person shooter (as a dragon!)"
,Not Recommended,243950,10933602,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,AgonY,"The game starts out really interesting and stays that way until you realize that none of your decisions matter at all. There are lots of fundamental poltical problems to deal with, armies to lead and battles to wage, but no matter the decision results of the political field are miniscule, you can hire more troops endlessly and battles are big clusterfucs that are annoying and the AI is dumb as a boot.The ending seemed really rushed."
76561197987396305,Not Recommended,243950,8320301,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Senpai,"It is an ok game, but it doesn't feel like it allows for the sort of variety i thought it was supposed to allow. Expect to make compromises and to suffer if you don't. Then again, maybe I was just bad at the game."
,Recommended,243950,7758121,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Sinkillas,This game is a fantastic game to play around with. The Campaign is my favorite highlight where there is so much diversity with the characters and ways you can progress through the story and powers.  The multiplayer is very fun and quick paced you need to be on your toes and watching all of your land. It really speaks for the more power you control the more difficult it is defend your outskirts. You will have a lot of fun!
76561198086087452,Not Recommended,243950,8688833,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,CyberDown,"An interesting blend of an RTS game, bioware style dialogue choices, and RPG skill allocation with grand strategy map.Sounds good.  But the RTS side of the game is really weak and pretty shallow, controlling the dragon is fun but makes the game totally un balanced as you can dominate with it.The dialogue part of the game suffers from heavy hot topic current politics that neither add value to the game, relate to what you are doing or the story, and are just not fun.  Kinda ruined it that i had to deal with gay marriage for a majority of the game.  So many fun and relevant topics that could have made me choose where to attack were ignored for this?Has potential but the political aspects not relating to the game, and the weak RTS aspect...i wouldnt recommend the game unless heavily discounted."
76561198106013105,Recommended,243950,14645643,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Galactic Origins,"This is a good game. The RTS is fun, and gathring recruits (resources) to build units is handled well. The units themselves are quite nice. The turn-based part is cute, as all of the people working for you have things to say. There are Generals, Politicians, an Engineer, a gnarly old Wizard and eventually a Princess to marry. You get to make decisions that have far reaching repercussions.The graphics are nice and the music is also pretty good. The music changes from turn to turn. The story itself is neat. Most RTS just put you on a map and say 'go conquer'. In Dragon Commander the story is half the fun!I played on casual my first time through and it was a ton of fun. Flying the Dragon is neat. Pretty good game."
76561198060502964,Not Recommended,243950,8703686,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Tides,"For a game that boasts being a RTS game, it has abysmal gameplay and visuals when you are in the RTS part of the game. Which is a major part of the game. Being a Dragon in the RTS missions is largely a deathwish. The RTS missions require you to spam units non-stop, with no real build order, since you can build all units at the start.I do not recommend this game for anyone. It was a utter waste of money. And it cost waaaaaaaaaaaaay more than it should."
76561197970455038,Recommended,243950,411886,"Posted: 19 August, 2013",all,Chicken Nugget,"Great roleplaying elements I got really into the story and characters of this world, however the RTS elements of the game leave much to be desired which is a shame as these section make up the majority of the game.However you are able to skip most of the RTS side of things as you can auto resolve through the combat using a leader and diffrent selection of unit cards to push the % in your favour which i was glad for and did about 90% of the fighting this way as i personally found the RTS battle tedious at times.I dont think that part of the game was implemented as well as it could of been.Overall though i enjoyed this game and loved the time i spent within the world of Riverlon, in my opinon give it a bash as the story and RPG elements of the game warrent your attention and it would be a shame for you to miss out on this game."
76561198157122087,Recommended,243950,13299556,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,aramilsianontel,"This is probably my favorite pc game for a long time now, and one of my favorites ever.I have a big thank you to say to the company, since they seemed to have pried into my head and found all the things i wanted from a game and made one with them.Graphics. The world of rivellon looks really beautiful especially from above, as does the council, the raven, your advisors.The music is also a very strong part, the melodies stick with you and put you in the mood.the characters, scenario and background, are great and well designed. The one exception is not enough to bother.The gameplay ranges, from tabletop strategy to rts to action, and its lovely.I recommend this game to anyone, and though i finished it i know i will play it again.The only thing i  was left wanting from this awesome game now that i finished it is MOAR-moar dragons, moar wives, moar councillors and glory! (and that buttefly dragon we never got to see.) Methinks its expansion time.Once more, thank you for making this game. You have made a follower from me.Do i recommend this? A thousand times yes."
76561198005919137,Recommended,243950,12858874,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Provoker,Pros:PrettyInterestingUnique in a senceTactical and Strategical componentsCons:not ballanced properlyPC sometimes acts as an epic idiot :)
76561198003428073,Recommended,243950,28859869,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Shybun,"One of the very best within its genre, I enjoyed every moment.It offered everything i'd hoped it would and the diplomatic elements felt extremely immersive, very close and personal."
76561197970712018,Recommended,243950,11390463,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Abrax894,"While the game is seriously biased as far as it's politics, the gameplay and story are pretty good. It's unfortunate that a game designer decided to take every hot political topic from the last 30 years and shove it into a game and give you 2 very biased and extreme opinions to choose from. There is no middle ground. Adding a 3rd choice would have been appreciated but otherwise very cool game."
76561198033454368,Not Recommended,243950,17933937,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Knight,"Be a good or be conservative.Those are your two options. If you're liberal, you're probably going to enjoy this, if you're conservative the game will essentially villify you.I began just detesting how it pandered to one side of the political spectrum so hard. And I did notice an incredibly cheap shot which I assume was American bashing (They ask you to sign a document stating ""All men are created equal"" which I KNOW was derived from the constitution, and then after I signed it, everyone hated me because all of a sudden everyone was taxed at the same rate, which isn't even what happens in America).My issue with the game stems into the following: The European company that made this game put their own political opinions and agenda in it. It's one thing to leave a sense of justice up to the player, it's another to say everyone who disagrees with your company is a bigot (which actually is a form of biggotry.) It's fine to have your own agenda and write your tumblr blog posts about how perfect it is, provided you keep that out of a videogame.When the skeleton (I assume represents a conservative old man) requests that you brand people with slave marks on their right hand, the dwarf (represents a corprative rich person) says it's a bad idea simply because ""A drinking hand is sacred!"" These jokes aren't funny, they're frankly unsettling.The excuses they use to insult conservatives are honestly disturbing. Their own insults ""elves are incredibly attractive tree-lovers"" are really not that insulting. The jokes they made against their own party were ""haha that elf got mad at her husband for walking into another persons garden."" The jokes they made against the conservatives were SHOTS FIRED you pro slavery greedy monsters.I decided to play to the extremes on both sides between conservative and liberal. Being fair, I actually prefer the bonuses you get from conservative choices, +% victory odds, +more gold +cheaper troopsHowever if you argue against gay marriage, the writers CLEARLY call you a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ with a very mary-sue like girl saying ""Can't you see that you're so wrong?"" over and over.Wheras it mostly applauds you for doing the opposite.The multiplayer is a bit frustrating, and when you play it rewards Zerg tactics which I consider very unhealthy.In the campaign you literally kill your siblings without a thought, it doesn't really even describe you killing them, it's like they had some plot elements together but forgot to add them. they are all at war with one another, though I've really only noticed them attacking me and my armies.There are no negotiations. Your opponent will always be at war with you, you can't request a cease fire or anything along those lines like you might in every other strategy game. I assume the devs were just too lazy.The difficulties between acts aren't the issue, the exploits are. You can easily exploit the game to give you tons of cards to one-sidedly execute the enemies. The campaign is a joke at best. If they put a cap on the mercenary cards you could get, it might be balanced, but they don't.Having said that the quality of animations, voicework, and graphics were all wonderful, but the gameplay, story, and political mary-suisms make this game not recommended at best."
76561198086112539,Recommended,243950,11175354,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Dr Van Nostrand 47,"Overview: Worth getting when on sale - solid 7/10. Brave mix of genres and gameplay styles, has a certain charm to it.If you're looking for a solid RTS, look elsewhere.If you can overlook the underdeveloped (but still serviceable and fun enough) RTS part of the game, then you'll find a refreshing mix of ""RTS + Panzer Dragoon + Risk + Crusader Kings + Fox News + Tumblr + Japanese dating sim where you marry a skeleton or a lizard princess"" to quote another reviewer. Campaign took me 20 hours on normal, and I'd happily play it through again on a harder difficulty if my steam library backlog wasn't so mighty. Replayability is good due to different choices you can make as emperor / different princesses to marry / different tactics to use. Has it's problems, but no more than a lot of other games I've sunk countless hours into. Haven't played multiplayer so can't comment on it.Good:- OK story, decent characters who have decent voice acting (rarer than you'd think)- Good research/upgrade system for troops and dragon powers- Fun dragon combat- Game components work well together- Nice colourful visual style (subjective to a degree I guess)Bad:- Weak RTS component- Poor tutorial system (there's good guide on steam you may want to check out, among others)- A few balance issues, but not game-breaking- Campaign ending is underwhelming (though the fun is in the journey, no?)In the end, the goods outweigh the bads, and the bads don't prevent you from having a fun experience with the game.Personal tips:- Change the game speed to 'slowest', this helps A LOT for RTS battles- During RTS battles, rotate the camera so it's facing North and keep it that way, this makes the mini-map more usable and navigating the map a lot easier.- Don't forget to use your dragon form, it's fun! Watch out though, you can get ripped apart fast by anti-air if you don't avoid them or dodge well.- Read a guide or two, a lot of things aren't really explained well or at all."
76561198037828119,Recommended,243950,10803334,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,DaVinci_Of_War,"First and foremost, this is not your typical strategy game. There are some interesting elements to it that can enjoyable or a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ depending on your gaming preferences. If your a fan of the Divinity series and RTS games than you will most likely enjoy this game (as I do) but if not then you either need to be a Dvinity fan or a gamer who enjoys unique RTS experiences to enjoy this game. If not, I'd recommend finding another game.The Good: A very unique experience, flying around as a god***m Dragon with a friggin Jetpack is just epic, Political choices can be interesting, straightforward RTS experience that is not overly complicated, graphics are good, steampunk feel is pretty cool, other various small thingsThe Bad: Can be somewhat buggy at times, commanding units while being dragon takes some time to get used to and still feels awkward after awhile, some dialogue is boring and not needed other than to kill time, that Lizard general ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ who I'd love to throw off the airship, world map is somewhat confusing at times, other crap.The Ugly: RTS controls can be very aggravating to work with at times, game can crash at worst times, that ugly as a bloated, mauled corpse UNDEAD SKELEON WOMAN that can be chosen as wife... SERIOUSLY WHO THE F**K WANTS THAT?!?!SCORE: 7.5/10"
76561198051408817,Recommended,243950,11045302,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Theme_winland,"I am not familiar with any of the other games in the divinity franchise, but this entry under that line of games is very fun. To put it shortly it is a game consisting of 3 different elements. A boardgame as the likes of RISK where you manage and build troops and try to take over the whole board by conquering your enemies capitals. You can also use cards that give you advantages, like prevent certain types of units from moving, lets you build a structure for free or grants you additional units. You can either auto-resolve the fights if you want. if you decide to auto-reoslve the battle you will see a small animation depicting which units are being destroyed but you can also do the battling yourself, which leads to the next portion of the game.If you decide to go to the battle yourself you will be taken to the RTS section of the game, which works similar to traditional RTS's in most regards, albeit it is bit more simple than some of the more complicated RTS games out there. You see, you can't really build freely, since each map has a certain amount of building sites on which you can build various structures, again, the structures lack a bit of variety, as there is only a few structures to choose from (3 ground unit factories, a naval factory, a aerial factory, a recruitment citadel which basically will work as your resource harvester and 3 types of turrets). However, the fun comes from acually being able to jump into the battlefield yourself as a dragon donning a jetpack. There are 3 of which you can choose from, a support type, an offensive tanky type and a middle ground from these two. I have played most of my time as the support type, so most of the time I would jump into the battle when I was making a big push into the enemy base and heal and buff my troops while they did most of the damage. It is very fun to fight as a dragon with a jetpack mind you, and totally badass as well, the controls work nicely and the animations look good for the most part. I think this would be a good time to mention the music, which I find to be fantastic. It is very epic and energetic to get you in the right mood to swoop in with your dragon and take down the enemy and when you are on the boardgame section or in your ship the music is nice and funky.Which leads to the 3rd section of the game. The political part or decision making. Once you finish the RTS part, you will be greeted with a newspaper that will more often than not make fun of our last political decision, which is always quite a bit of fun, because no matter what they will always make fun of you. Then you get to be a part of making some large or smaller scale decisions about your empire, or to be empire, like what you will legalize or abolish. You have 5 different races in the game, each with their own diplomatic representative who will either like or dislike your final decisions, not favoring a specific race is a good idea, since the more a race likes you, the easier it is to take over and defend areas that are populated by them. And if a particular race hates you it is going to be tougher to defend an area that is mostly populated by that race as you will have a shortage on recruits there. As many others have mentioned you will get to decide upon very modern problems, some of which are still discussed today or were decided upon a few years ago. This part is a lot of fun, since you get to talk to the races representatives who have very distinct and colorful personalities, which makes this part arguably the most fun. Indeed the voice acting and character models are all very well made. The lip syncing is awesome, making the characters feel much more alive. Unlike in most other RTS's where you do your unit upgrades on the field, here you do that during this this phase, when you are in your ship. Here you get to spend your tech points to upgrade your troops and your dragon with various attributes and abilities, although, sometimes it feels like some of the units may have a bit too many abilities, since I can't keep up with that level of micromanagement as I already have my set of dragon abilities to take care of.It is really a great game, a ame I wouldn't have regretted putting down the 40 euros in on its release date. It is a shame that there isn't anyone playing the multiplayer anymore though, so I really cannot say what the multiplayer feels like, oh well, maybe someday."
76561198053884542,Recommended,243950,8992637,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Happy Dictator,"Worth picking up during a sale.I've enjoyed playing this game so far. The game does a lot: there's RTS, flying and fighting as a dragon, strategy map planning, researching, political decisions, and appeasing your wife and generals.  Admitedly, a lot of these features could have been expanded upon/fine tuned but the product as it stands is not a bad one and I don't regret my purchase."
76561198061997322,Recommended,243950,24901435,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Brosef Stalin,The undead really hate me 10/10
,Recommended,243950,9910931,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Cindare,"Divinity: Dragon Commander is a real-time strategy game for people who generally don't enjoy (or, like me, are simply not very good at) RTS games.  Conscious of criticisms that D:DC lacks certain features or innovations appurtenant to the RTS genre (read: ""It's not Starcraft, uuggghh""), I gave this a go and have thus far found the game varied, delightful, and eminently playable.At its core, D:DC features three different games rolled into one.  The first is the core RTS game, wherein you fly a great big dragon with a jetpack while occasionally micromanaging troops.  The game permits letting the dragon carry a battle, because frankly I've won battles where my dudes otherwise got overrun.  I'm certain hardcore RTS gamers would balk at this as a crutch, but for a far more casual player like myself I count it as a feature.  Flying a dragon around helicopter-d*icking enemy units is just awesome, and it allows me enjoy a game that I would otherwise find needlessly frustrating.The second game is the ""Risk"" element, which is a grand strategy overland map that tracks conquests and strategic movements.  On this map, the player manages income, research, and movement of troops over the map.  With adequate planning and maneuvering, you can let your NPC generals auto-resolve battles with a probability slider indicating the likelihood of success.  Alternately, you can take a skirmish into the RTS game, which is especially helpful for swinging unlikely battles to your favor by way of your dragon stomping all over enemy units.  The game is usually won or lost on this portion of the game, though I suppose players who are generally good at RTS games will quickly master the strategic map.The third game is a political simulator.  As an upstart monarch, it is necessary to occasionally tend to civic matters.  The player's decisions on a wide variety of issues, from trade policy and conscription to women's suffrage and gay marriage.  Your decisions affect the allegiances of constituent races, which are loosely analogous to real-life political interest groups.  The elves are leftist environmentalists.  The dwarves are laissez-faire capitalists.  The lizardfolk are libertarian republicans.  The imps are mad scientists and sociopaths.  And the undead are religious conservatives.  One can either balance issues in order to keep everyone relatively happy, or forsake certain interest groups in favor of others.In all the game is varied, fluid, and fun.  I picked this up on sale, and in retrospect this is a game that I would have paid full price for at launch.  I can definitely see myself playing the heck out of Divinity: Dragon Commander in the days to come."
,Recommended,243950,25077740,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Evrae,I haven't had this much fun since the old C&C's.The combination may be strange but once you get the hang of it you'll find a solid RTS game with a dash of third person shooter.The dragon gameplay especially is an enjoyable experience when you firebomb an enemy's army and heal your own while you steamroll on their base.
,Recommended,243950,18595610,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Yang,"This is a weird mish-mash game. It has dragons, RTS elements and amazing characters. I love it. It's great! Play it! It's that gem in the indie store except it's not an indie game."
76561198013429772,Recommended,243950,22177513,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,ViyZoN,"First, this game has simply awesome kick a** music that is IMHO one the best soundtracks to a video game ever developed (surpassed only by a few other exceptional titles). Most of the time real time battles involve zerg rush tactics (or much more deeper hold and advance tactics if you can unbalance the AI) such battles are also inherently optional especially if you can collect the necessary amount of cards. The strategic over world (campaign map) battles involve the mentioned card gimmick and are obtained either via the decisions you make and/or (primarily) through buildings that you can build in the overworld (campaign) map, such buildings cost gold however and multiple buildings of the same type can quickly become quite expensive which I guess is itself a tactical choice as you can never hoard a large amount of gold.Finally the game has awesome face to face NPC interactions that often revolve around real world issues and such issues are almost always presented as a comical parody. Simply put this is one of the best games ever made."
,Recommended,243950,8825177,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Kobold Miners' Labor Union,"I wasn't sure what to expect from this game, but I was pleasantly surprised.The game is a mix of turn based and real time strategy. There's a strategic map with territories to capture and resources to manage, and each turn the player earns resources that they can use to purchase new units and tech. The units can be moved around the strategic map to claim territory, and when a battle breaks out, the player is taken to an RTS map to play out the battle, with their initial position being stronger or weaker depending on a number of factors, like the units they had present on the strategic map, their approval among the population of the region, and how long they've held the territory (if defending). The player is also able to earn (or buy) a selection of 'cards' that can be played on territories or before battles to swing the odds in their favor - things like hiring mercenaries for the duration of the battle, imposing penalties on enemy units, buffing their own units, or causing effects on the strategic map like altered population or extra gold earned.The single player campaign features 3 chapters, each consisting of a separate strategic map to conquer, but in addition, the player is frequently brought matters of state to address, or approached about the personal affairs of the generals in their army or other crewmembers of The Raven, an airship from the player commands. While I generally find this sort of thing to be rather tedious in similar games, I actually enjoyed it quite a bit in Dragon Commander. The issues are interesting and varied, and have consequences regardless of what side the player takes, so there doesn't feel like there's a clear 'right' and 'wrong' side to take in any issue. The characters have personality and it's quite easy to start caring about them - I'd say the character development is better than most RTS / TBS games.The real gimmick (from which the game derives its name) is that during the RTS battles, the player is able to transform into a dragon and fly around the battlefield killing things or assisting their own units. Research points can be spent (during the strategic phase) to gain additional abilities for your dragon form, such as massive fireballs, damage reducing shields, or stealth detection. Since, as a dragon, the player can fly very quickly around the map and generally rain death upon most units, it ends up playing a much more active role than the 'commander' unit in most RTS games (Supreme Commander, for instance), and it's quite satisfying to tear around the battlefield dishing out destruction. Otherwise completely unwinnable battles can be won by deploying some of the potent dragon abilities at key points.Overall, Dragon Commander is a fun game with a few gimmicks to set it apart from otherwise similar titles, and if you're a fan of RTS / TBS games, it's worth picking up."
,Recommended,243950,18503988,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,moonguarding,i hardly see players play this game why is that??????
76561198007012305,Recommended,243950,14200730,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Putin`s Boyfriend,Be a ruthless warmonger who pacts with evil powers whilst fighting capitalism and killing his wifes one by one once he grows tired of them? Not any different from daily routine but still fun to do.11/10 would marry the only physicly appealing women IN THE ENTIRE ♥♥♥♥ING COUNTRY again.
,Recommended,243950,19894144,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,RazzleDazzleDorito,"this game is so much fun and its fun to describe because you can say things like im a dragon with a jet pack who leads a robot army and argues with skellotons,lizards and elves10\10"
,Recommended,243950,16570079,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Eury,this is actually amazing little gem of a game ! truly glad i snached this up
,Recommended,243950,19570011,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Missile Mitch,Games ♥♥♥♥ing class
,Recommended,243950,4725927,"Posted: 6 August, 2013",all,Drill Sgt. Dornan,"Game by itself is very well made. The only sad thing that it is very short, and RTS part of it is not as great as most other RTS games. But the most fun is in diplomacy part. Where else you endorse or cancel laws that are silly, crazy or reflect our modern world's problems. From legalizing guns and mild drugs, to creation of nukes or super soldiers. Definitely worth to try."
76561198090785752,Recommended,243950,10858156,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Dogger,"This game impressed me. In the beginning I thought it was just some low budget Starcraft with dragons, but it ended up being so much more! It takes a little warming up to, but once you get to know the characters and see how beautifully crafted the story is, it is a difficult game to put down. The game is short but strong. It knows exactly what it is and is amazing in everything it sets out to do. I've never taken the time to write a steam review before but this game surprised me so much I felt like spreading the good word. This game is absolutely worth your time."
,Recommended,243950,8724488,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Cheating Chester,"You can ♥♥♥♥ a skeleton.  If tha doesn't get you to buy this game, go back to playing COD.Its basically all the great parts or risk, any game where choses can have an actul effect, ♥♥♥♥ing jet-pack dragon, warcraft 3, jet-pack dragon, jet-pack dragon and jet-pack dragon.  10/10"
,Recommended,243950,10571763,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Ekarej,Ok. review time..... Love this game.The weird mix between different game types works in this game. Very rare that a game can offer so much and yet and feel like a whole new game not just some mix and mass of genes. No this game works.10/10
76561198007814353,Not Recommended,243950,9595591,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Lord_Amber_1985,"A shallow, unimpressive game with nice visuals. The RTS component is complete garbage, zerg-rush, zerg-rush, hope you setup and are good with hot-keys.  If you are, it's boring, simplistic, and utterly predictable.  If you aren't, it's frustrating.  If you actually like any kind of strategy in your Real-Time Strategy games, this isn't the game for you.The ""Strategy"" component of the game, between the battles is very light.  It's fairly shallow, but tries to hide this behind manditory ""psuedo-RPG"" interactions where you get to be alternately insulted and sucked up to by the people supposedly on your side.  The writing for the story and dialog is weak, the characters never change or remember anything you've done in the past except as a numerical percentage that adds bonuses/penalties in in the RTS mode.The visuals and voice acting are very good, but those are not enough to save the game from itself.  Personally, I found the game incredibly boring."
76561198008899722,Not Recommended,243950,14734345,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,DragonsDeck,"I wanted to recommend this game, really did, but I can't just give it a blanket recommendation, though for certain people out there this might be the game for them, but it's not for everyone.The game is a mix of Strategy, RTS and Dragon flight/combat and I'm not sure that any one part is that great.  All of the are good/okay, but if you are looking for a good RTS there are better, if you want a good strategy(4x) game there are again other options.  And the Dragon flight/combat isn't all that great either, still satisfying, but it got stale somewhat quickly for me.I'm going to focus on the single player because after finishing it I didn't really have the desire to try multiplayer, as some minor spoilers ahead.For me there was just a lot of annoyances that just didn't make it as enjoyable as I was hoping it was going to be.  For starters the difficulty caught me by surprise.  When I first started playing I tried it on normal, this was a mistake for me.  I'm not a good RTS/4x TBS player at the best of times and the way this game starts (enemy has a ton of territory and units, you have nothing) did not help matters.  After getting my♥♥♥♥♥handed to me I gave it another shot on a lower setting (Casual makes the Dragon flying/combat part of the game incredibly satisfying).As an extension to the last point, starting the game at a big deficit isn't a bad idea and can work but the biggest problem for me was that it happens 3 times.  You start the story at a deficit and then get huge only to finish the first map/story arc and move into the second phase and start from nothing again against an enemy that holds a ton of units/territory.  It was silly enough to happen one time BUT THEN it happens AGAIN after the second map/story arc.  The third time you start with a few more territories/unit, but again you are at a huge deficit, it's okay that the game starts out that way, but to do it two more times feels lazy.Another thing was that I got hit with more than a few crashes.  But the biggest one for me was that I had finished the second arc of the game/story(With frequent saves along the way), started out the third arc and then saved/quit for the night.  When I hit the continue button, it was like I had never did any of it, all my saves gone.  I tried all the saves and found one auto save that thankfully brought me back to my most recent progress.Lastly, in the story arc you are given series of moral choices by your council.  While I enjoyed them for the most part, they didn't exactly add anything for me.  Maybe in the harder difficulties a -3 gold/+2% luck would mean a lot but for the lower difficulties it didn't really matter.  So I could easily juggle the choices and ended with all 5 factions at around 90% or above favorable making the choices feel more about math than the morals involved.  I would have liked to see the choices mean more, even at lower difficulties, maybe with revolts in territories or additional units joining or something, but for me I just seen it as a background thing and added a light fun/humorous touch to the campaign.  Also the Wife choosing thing felt unfinished.  Picked wife, had two or three conversations and nothing ever happened after that, no side quests, no challenges she put forth, just hung out in her room and said had another boring/straight forward case before her.  The generals were a nice though and added some flavor to the story, but for the most part on the lower difficulties I ignored them entirely, why would I want them commanding the army when I get to fly around as a Dragon?  Or why give up gold when I can click on the Imperial Army tab to auto finish the battle when it's at 100% or close to 100%?I think the game is an all-around good game, but if I give it my own recommendation I'd say no, because I didn't have much fun playing it.  It started out quite fun, but reusing the same mechanic and other frustrations kind of took their toll on the fun I was having."
76561198016469579,Recommended,243950,33326689,Posted: 6 July,all,Crescent☆Fresh,"I'm not particularly an RTS fan, I just picked this up on sale because it was part of the Divinity line; however, I was pleasantly surprised with how good this game was. I would recommend it to anyone."
,Recommended,243950,33730060,Posted: 22 July,all,Nobbynob,"Huh. Surprised I never reviewed this. I loved it. The gameplay was... okay... but I loved the art. Visuals, music, voice acting, story, atmosphere. I wish there were more games like this out there, willing to push the envelope."
,Recommended,243950,10368798,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Gamerwolfseven,Playing the game for the...4 or 5th time?
,Recommended,243950,24470073,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Spooky Shmoogy™,i married a lizard woman................where did my life go wrong
76561198106426030,Recommended,243950,34037918,Posted: 5 August,all,ForemostCrab7,"Divinity: Dragon Commander is a wonderful game!sure it has it's flaws, but personaly they did not bother me too much, just minor issues here and there.now i know that Dragon Commander was not made the way that was it's original plan, which angerd many a fans, i heard it was mainly going to focus on being a dragon like in Divinity 2, that was not to be for different reasons, in anycase, about the game itself.side note, will contain MINOR spoilers which will be added in the bottom, so you can avoid spoilers.Divinity: Dragon Commander...it is different compared to their other games by far, but i found it highly enjoyable, it was unfortunatly very short, i beat it in like 20 hours, but it surely was 20 entertaining hours, i do not regret the purchase.The game will seem unfair at some points in the game, but the one way myself as many others easily figured out is, when you can conqured all except for the enemies Capital city, surrond their capital with troops, then replace All the buildings you have placed, with Taverns, these will give you Mercinarie cards, they will give you more soldiers than you can for that current fight, since you can attack/be attacked at several parts at the same time, these cards will save you from having to retreat.The games learning curve might take you a couple fight's to get the hang of, but you'll get it soon enough, you Cannot pause midgame to plan out your moves (unless you are in non-dragon form and clicks the menu button located at the middle top of the screen)but the game provides you with good tutorials that you can replay over and over till you get it.also the biggest key to wining besides merc cards...Dragon Morph as much as possible.now here comes the slight spoilers (mainly for people who are achiviement hunters)As you progress into the story you will meet a Demon named Corvus, through him you can sacrifice people to gain more battlecards and council reputation, but his powers will grow by 5% each time, you can also sacrifice your Wife for more cards, the cards truly aint anything special since the majority of cards you will be using are Mercinarie cards, and no, there is NO achiviement in sacrificing all 4 princesses, beating Corvus at +200% power, or getting all council races to 100% or fully upgrading your dragon and soldiers, no achiviements what so ever...became a bit more text than i planned but there you have it."
,Recommended,243950,29285670,Posted: 15 January,all,Mizstik,"It is rare enough to see games where you make choices that matter, but it is even more rare to have role-playing choices bleed consequences into the strategic layer in an actual strategy game.Will you support state healthcare? Will you blow up a dam to save wildlife? Do you support gay marriages? How you answer these questions will affect your territories in very concrete ways, such as number of available recruits, number of simultaneously deployable units, territory income, fortification efficacy, and more. Each territory will also respond differently to your choices due to having different races in them, and it is not possible to have good approval rating with all races at once.Unlike many other games which are full of meaningless choices, in this game you are constantly making choices that are not only hard in the role-playing sense, but also hard because you have to balance their effects on the TBS campaign. The overall story might not be so complex, but it is full of opportunities for role-playing and then seeing their effects on your realm. The campaign can also be played on a variety of different maps in different settings to suit your preferences, with the choice-making mechanics intact. All of the dialogues are fully voiced.It is unfortunate that the RTS portion of the game is rather bad, but you can opt-out of it with very little penalty, if any. The game probably would've done better if it focused its efforts wholly on the TBS campaign."
,Recommended,243950,10934899,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Eternull,"Was totally worth the 75% off sale. I'm glad to have gotten this origional game with some many options. Each character has a unique personality that makes it feel all more real or truely RPG like. Not many games go that in depth any more to make characters stand out with an actual own attitude and minds' perspective. Gameplays pretty great, unique, and eventful. Multiplayer makes the game better and even has ranked that pairs you with same level players. IDK what the Imperial Edition comes with but non the less $11 something was worth it I wouldn't pay more than $20 though on the Imperial Edition or $15 for Normal Edition less I knew more bought what Imperial has to offer maybe...$16, 60% right now worth it but for me personally I'm way cheap and only buy most games 75% off anyways...so if you got $ it's worth the fun then again or you could go buy Dragon Age so...well; I highly recommend it, there is NOTHING like it as far as real time strategies go  and it has quite a unique style to it!"
76561198023262544,Not Recommended,243950,13598830,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,ahaahhahhahahahaha,"Everything except the combat in this game is really nice. I actually like the strategic game board more than most other games I've played, and the dialogue and characters all have voice acting and at least some amount of characterization, which is pretty nice.The actually battles, which unfortunetly are a large part of the game, have a user interface ad overall setup that is frankly unpleasant to deal with and not fun at all.Here are a brief list of the pros:-The dragon transformation works well and playing in dragon form is pretty fun. The transition between normal rts mode and dragon mode is mostly seamless. Given that this is a major differentiator between this and other games I do have to give some props.-The unit effects are pretty nice. General graphics are good.The cons (mostly interface related):-Scrolling is a pain, because the map orientation doesn't change with the camera rotation. You can't use the minimap because up becomes down, sideways, and every direction in between, and it is almost impossible to keep track of what else is going on when units that look like they are coming from below your base are actually up and to the left.-The above minimap issues make it very difficult to form strategies and think about what is going on, because unit and base positions are so difficult to keep in mind.-Units that are moving towards enemies will not fight back unless explicitly told to. This is actually pretty common among strategy games, and it wouldn't be a problem except that there is no obvious visual indicator to say that a unit is attacking or just moving near an enemy. It is possible to lose whole armies because you clicked near an enemy instead of on them. Attack moving is a partial solution, but unit attack ranges are so long that parts of your army can get caught attacking non-critical targets on the way to a fight.-Unit movement is slow and feels clumsy. I guess it is more ""realistic,"" but not my cup of tea.-Controlling your units in dragon form becomes even more difficult. With certain hotkeys it is possible to control your nearby units, but it feels really clumsy and there are no visual indicators to tell when units are moving or not. It is difficult to check on your units in dragon form because your camera is restrained to your moving first person view.-Probably the worst part of the dragon form controls is that you cannot produce new units while in dragon form. You are forced to either create long queues of units to make (which you often don't have the resources for) or switch between being a dragon and scrolling back to your base to issue more commands (using the mouse because the minimap is impossible).-Somewhat minor, but the hotkeys are a little strange. Q is the attack hotkey, not A, etc.-Obviously the AI has none of these problems. This creates frustrating situations where the AI is attacking on two or more fronts and you can't even issue commands to your units because the controls are so clumsy.All these may seem minor but they really build up. It's a shame because the game is almost really good, but it just isn't fun because of all the issues in the actual implementation. I might try to play the game a little more, try to figure out the controls and see if that helps any, but I doubt it. It doesn't feel like the commitment will be worth it when there are simply more fun games out there."
,Not Recommended,243950,33207974,Posted: 3 July,all,Upsilon,"!!!!BUYER BEWARE!!!!!http://steamcommunity.com/app/243950/discussions/0/846960628487393439/There is a very, very common crash that has been known by the devs for ages, and their only fix is a broken link. The game crashes about every 5 min. During the RTS phase,YOU CANNOT SAVE MID MATCH. Since every battle takes about 10 min,THE GAME IS 100% BROKEN AND UNPLAYABLE IN IT'S CURRENT STATE.DO. NOT. BUY. THIS. GAME..If anyone has a solution besides clicking ""not helpful"" and telling me I suck, I'm all ears. I reeeeaaally want to play this game, but this is the most broken game release I've ever seen.!!!BUYER BEWARE!!!!---Edit: In some dark corner of the internet, someone suggested it had to do with zooming out during gameplay. It seems to work, though it's annoying to play an RTS through a telescope.Now that I've seen more of the game, it's unimpressive. Not BAD, but not good. As they say, the devs straddled too many horses at once. Sure, you have romance options, a dragon to play in an RTS, there's cards you can play for advantages, politics to consider, and you move your units across a board Risk-style, but the game delivers a bare-bones package across all these fronts. Romances are gimmicky, the dragon feels very underpowered and anticlimactic, the cards generally are useless, politics is mostly ""troll the greedy racist dwarf"", and there is ZERO depth to the board game or RTS game. It doesn't help that the story sucks, and none of the NPC's are memorable (a shame since the voice work is top notch.) Not to mention the game is pretty short.It also took some googling to learn the game as the tutorial is poor. I even got GAME OVER on my first battle because I didn't have a f**** clue what was going on. Once you figure it out, every battle is just a few clicks and waiting for buildings to blow up in brief, 3  min skirmishes. I spammed hunters and shaman while listening to Ben Shapiro -half paying attention- and haven't lost since. It also lost points because you can't ban- er, romance the british chick. Speaking of, other than the elf princess' shoulder strap slipping down, there isn't much le sexy time to unlock, so don't expect much titilation.It also irks me that the best way to go about the game's politics is to take the most liberal-progressive way possible, and of course the only conservative on cast is a greedy racist. If this game was in the reverse, it would have never made it out of the oven.It's sort of fun. I want to get my money's worth and I'm getting desperate for a decent game to play that isn't a flavor-of-the-month, WW2 shooter, but we're in a depressing drought of good games nowadays.If the graphics were chopped way down and took more of a stylized approach and been released for 15$, it'd be a 7 or 8, but as it is, final score 5/10."
,Not Recommended,243950,23904870,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,SanMan,"This game has a beautifully rendered command ship interface and pretty detailed political choices. The game is stacked against you if you do not choose what is currently considered the liberal agenda. The combat interface and RTS element is really underdeveloped and becomes a big grind by the end. Of the wives available to choose, I believe only one of them has a really well developed and fleshed out story-line.This game was overall enjoyable, but it clearly has a blatant political agenda, which made it less enjoyable overall, especially since it was very in your face. Game makers, like artists, will realize in the end it is more timeless and universally enjoyable when they don't bog down with preaching about nature, labor unions, breastfeeding in public, and women's rights, etc. I play a game to get away from politics and other nastiness."
,Not Recommended,243950,24040161,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Dan,"The previews of this game made it seem quite complex with many different angles going on...  but I didn't see that.  I saw a very linear game .. where the dragon powers and the politics were more ""fluff"" than actual game affecting.   Full Disclosure - I lost repeatedly - even on the easy difficulty.   There wasn't a tutorial that took you step by step through the RTS component - so even with a 96% chance of success - you lose the battle.  I ended up getting armies to fight for me automatically so the success / failure became a numbers game after awhile .. but I found you just couldn't expand territory quick enough to build an economy .. and the computer player overwhealms you quickly again and again.So yeah - I can't recommend this game.  I want games to be fun and relaxing - not frustrating."
,Recommended,243950,10076382,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,toad_004,"Divinity: Dragon Commander is NOT a typical game – it takes elements from many different gameplay styles and mixes them together to create a unique gameplay experience. The well written characters and the political decisions feel like an RPG, but the map screen is more reminiscent of Risk. Then, the actual battles are fought in a real-time format, like Red Alert or Warcraft. The developers tried to stick 3 very different styles and unite them with the main character – a dragon with a jetpack.  The basic plot of the game is that the Emperor has died, and his children are in a civil war over who gets to rule the empire. The player controls the “black sheep” sibling – whose mother happened to be a dragon. Honestly, this isn’t the most exciting or original plot – “The main story of Dragon Commander is simple and doesn't really break away from your standard ""noble hero saves the day"" trope”. However, the other characters are far more interesting than the main story – first you have your generals, who include a gruff “solve all problems with violence” military man, a snobby upper-class stuck up lizardman, and a woman who used to be the Queen of a matriarchal society and shows distain for all males. Unsurprisingly, these generals don’t get along, and it’s up to the player to unite them.But the most entertaining part of the game comes from the political decisions. There are five councilmen representing each of the five races in your empire, and every decision you make effects their opinion about you. For example: the dwarf council representative proposes that the law exempting the church from taxes be repealed. The undead council representative, who is extremely religious is strongly opposed to this proposal. The player can also run into surprisingly modern issues, like copyrights, women in the military,  or gay marriage. The laws will also affect how your empire runs – passing those church taxes will increase your income, granting women equal pay increases your expenses and so on. I often felt like a real politician making the decisions, and rejected proposals I actually favor in real life either because they were too unpopular, or because they would be too expensive.However, this component of the game has one major flaw – every choice the player can make is either “yes” or “no” with no stops in between.  At one point, the player is offered a bribe to allow a murderer (who *happens* to be a member of a wealthy and high-ranking family) to go free. One of your generals (who is linked to the victims) asks permission to assassinate the murderer. The player’s only choices are “Accept the bribe and let the killer go free” or “give permission for the assassination mission”.There are two other main aspects to the game, because you need to continue fighting the war while all this is going on. Basically, you can build and move units on a map screen, in a manner not unlike Risk. This phase of the game is decently designed, and the player can also spend gold to build structures in their lands such as a gold mine to increase income, or a war factory to produce units. However, the cards come up at complete random (the player can invest in buildings to increase the quantity of cards, but not the quality) and range from near-useless to game-breaking. For example – I can draw a card that gives a bonus trooper (the weakest unit) to the next battle, and lose every battle because the AI opponent drew a card that gives 5 bonus juggernauts (the strongest unit).In addition, while the various effects of your policies are in effect, “luck” outshines them all. Luck gives a bonus or penalty to every battle, and there is no way to know what decisions will affect luck without looking them up or having played the game before.Finally, there’s the actual battles themselves. While they can be resolved on the world map automatically with the odds favoring the stronger side (or who has better cards), the player can also choose to command the troops themselves.  This sends the game into the real-time strategy component, where the most playtime is spent. But basically, you'll usually just build tons of units and throw them all at the enemy. The real time battles are more often than not dull, drawn out exercises in futility as the winner is often known before 2 minutes have passed, despite the fact that most battles last at least 10 to 15 minutes. It doesn't help that the AI opponent is generally a complete moron, repeating the same tactics over and over (regardless of whether they actually worked before) but the big problem is the lack of super-weapons, creative units, or in-battle dialog most real-time strategy games offer. I feel “sub-par” would be more accurate.  There is one upside to these battles however: the player can transform into a dragon.Using any dragon abilities the player has researched, the dragon can breathe fire on the enemy, but also curse them, heal nearby friendly units, and use the jetpack as a speed boost while flying. Surprisingly, the dragon isn’t overpowered despite the fact that the opponent lacks this ability, because anti-air units have a high priority among the AI. But even the upside has its own downside: controlling the normal units while playing as the dragon is awkward to do, and most players simply transform back before giving orders.Overall, Divinity: Dragon Commander is a decent game, though not really with its asking price of $40 – it can be finished in under 10 hours. Many players attempt to become so good at the ‘risk’ portion that they can skip the battles entirly and enjoy the politics. I -DO- recommend getting this game, but don't pay full price."
76561198004155491,Not Recommended,243950,21032402,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Xaos777,"First the good.1)This is a pretty interesting RTS. The end.2) I bought it on sale and only paid a bit over $5Now the bad.1)For a game called Dragon Commander the ""dragon"" play seems mostly like an afterthought. You are basically just an airborne hovering turret that can cast buffs and debuffs on units. This is admittedly part of what makes the RTS side interesting but a dragon flight simulator this is not. No dog fights, no barrel rolls. Most of the game can be played without ever becoming a dragon.2) The political and social side of this game is PAINFULL if you are anything other than a liberal progressive. There is no balance to the gameplay here and the developers biases bleed all over this aspect of the game. As a free-market libertarian the only time I didn't♥♥♥♥♥♥everyone off was with my support of gay rights. At the very least there should be an option to disable this aspect of the game and play it as a pure RTS.I have a love hate relationship with this game. When I am on the strategic map or in combat I love it. When I'm on the Raven I hate it. Over all though I cannot recommend this game as I can't see myself enduring too many more hours of ideological pedagogy from the uber-left. Too bad this game has real promise in the RTS department."
76561198041238796,Not Recommended,243950,20702550,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,dominion,"This is actually the very first time I've felt compelled to write a review on Steam. And I'll keep it as brief as my experience with the game.I really did have high hoped for this one. It's been sitting in my Steam library for quite a while now.I was essentially saving it for a weekend when I had the time to really sink my teeth into something enjoyable.An RTS with RPG elements and an interesting pantheon of characters -- what could go wrong?Well...It sis not take me more than 45 minutes to figuure out that this was not one of those strategy games I played and loved growing up - Command & Conquer, Warcraft etc. The learning curve is immensly steep and the user interface is down-right ugly -- as are most of the units.No - this is not in any way a full review. This is more of a gut-reaction. And my gut needs a generous helping of Pepto Bismol after this rotten treat."
76561198040412298,Recommended,243950,9790271,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,[Baal - Secundus] Heron,Dragons with jetpacks...what more could you possibly want/think of.
76561198318919043,Not Recommended,243950,29217318,Posted: 12 January,all,explodingtyphlosions,"This game literally crashes every time I zoom out too much, making it completely unplayable."
76561198055432863,Not Recommended,243950,26574676,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Towers of Hanoi,"The combat of this game was repetive and unispired. Story mode was bland, and very tropey. Despite the fact that I was greeted with Alastair Parker imediately welcoming me to this suposed rich game of politics and nuance, even he could not save it, and my love for him wore thin as he gave a less than stellar performance. Seriously, this man never stopped shouting.Decisions have no complex outcomes besides approval ratings, and by the time I reached the marraige scene I was so bored of the half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥plot and dull gameplay that I couldn't continue."
,Recommended,243950,9837194,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Revion,"I'm going to have to go with an 8/10 on this one.I have a mixed opinion on the many elements that Dragon Commander offered me. Some I liked while others I didn't. Let me start from the beginning. You are thrust into a world that is being ravaged by war. Due to certain circumstances, it is up to you to stop that war and then begin an entirely new empire. The enemies that you're supposed to defeat don't really have much background to them, only having their names said in a cutscene and also giving a reason why they would be considered crazy.The way you fight in the war is done by viewing into a world map where you summon your soldiers, invade other countries, build different types of buildings that have their own bonuses that helps out whoever is control of that country. You also have the ability to use cards that have their own effects to them on those individual countries. For example, you can increase the income of gold in the capital of your country for a certain amount of turns so that you can produce more troops. Or, you can decrease the population to the enemy faction's capital to a certain percent. There are many more as well so I did like the variety that I was given. It let me strategize my moves better for when I decided to take a country from my enemy.Now, when you do invade a country and that country is already inhabited by the soldiers of your enemy, you are given the option to fight it yourself, or autoresolve the battle by having one of the four generals that join you along the way and the imperial army. Using the imperial army is free but it offers no bonus to your chance to win while the generals each specialize in commanding different types of troops, the chances of winning varying on who you choose. If you command the battle yourself, you're put into a level with your troops already at one base and your enemy across from you in another.You use recruits to build different war factories that range from naval, aerial, ground, and heavy combat troops. You're able to move individual troops to go to an unclaimed build spot so that you can use it to make more troops or increase your recruitment speed. The enemy will do the same and it's a battle for dominance until you either kill all of their soldiers and take their headquarters or they do that to you. One really cool part during this combat that the game is rather famous for is that the player can directly enter the battle.As a dragon. With a jetpack.With this mechanic, players can help out their troops if things aren't going so well during the battle. I thought that a very creative idea by the developers. Because... who doesn't like killing enemies as a dragon that is equipped with a jetpack? The downside to this, however, is that I actually rarely needed to help out my troops. I'm not much of an RTS gamer but even I was able to figure out the way to win every single battle in this game. Spam your troops and swarm compounds. That's really all you can do in these battles. Coupled with how similar the levels are that you fight in, some even looking exactly the same, I didn't really feel a satisfaction to winning. I was never really on the end of my ropes and biting my nails, wondering how I was going to win. I literally just stared at the screen and clicked my mouse to produce more troops.Oh, another thing about the battles is that the camera isn't all too great. Whenever I was up against one of the ""invisible"" walls in the level, the camera wouldn't let me control it and I wasn't able to get the proper angle I wanted to get. I didn't really like that so it made me have to stay away from those boundaries, even if my troops were fighting against the enemy near one.Alright, I think I covered that part of the game enough. Let's move on to the other side. The side of where you're thrust into politics and everyone looks to you to decide on whether a certain policy is allowed or not. You deal with the different races in the world, the dwarves, the elves, the lizards, the imps, and the undead. You read that right. Undead. Each race has their own beliefs and how they think the world should run and they propose many different policies to you, all of them similar to issues that have been brought up or are being brought up in real life. Like, the legalization of their version of weed, or allowing government healthcare.I don't really like politics or politicians in general but it was a really interesting aspect in the game because of how different it was. I also liked how everyone was different and had their own charms to them, even if I didn't agree with their policies at all.And you did all of this inside a ship that was called the Raven. The overall design was aesthetically pleasing to me. There were various NPC's doing there own duties as you switched to the differnent rooms. I wished there was a free roam so that I could explore it more thoroughly, but I was still satisfied with what I was given. While doing this, you can access the world map, where you plan your moves in the war, talk to your generals who are also interesting with their own personalites and views. At some points, their are issues that they also have to deal with and ask you to give them permission to go deal with them. Some have consequences that you can choose to have them be tried for or to get them off scott free. It's really up to you. As it should be.Okay then, now I think I should tell my complaints that I haven't already stated.The tutorial isn't very good. As I said, I'm not much of an RTS gamer, so I've rarely played them. So it took me a while in order to figure everything out before I could do them properly. I wasn't told how to control my troops while in dragon form so I would have to jump from mode to mode to make sure they weren't dying while I was off doing my dragon thing.Then I experienced a glitch in the game where the meter that told me when my next unit would be ready did not end and that unit wasn't produced, leaving me with just the ones I had at the beginning of the battle. It happened to me once but I thought I should let that be known anyway. Also, the enemy variety isn't very diverse. All of the troops are the exact same as yours. No other countries have their own unique units that you have to fight, which I thought would've been a pretty interesting thing to have. These things don't change my opinion of the game or how much fun I had with it but I don't think it did a really good job introducing me to the RTS style.All in all, Dragon Commander is a good game. Depending on whether you want to put up with the various downsides to the rather lackluster RTS sequences is up to you. But, you will definitely enjoy getting to run an empire that is made around the policies you instate."
,Recommended,243950,8207929,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Wee Weirdling,"This game is a great mashup!I personally prefer the political and social problems over the RTS part. They did a great job making every character flawed, so that you may not love or hate them completely. That makes it so much fun. You have to play with the scales to keep everyone sort of happy, and respectful to you, or just go with a favorite, or a hated race/character. I enjoy the real life problems occouring, and the news talking♥♥♥♥♥♥about you no matter what you do :)Some issues i was unaligned with, i often found myself convinced by the councilors. It feels real.If you like social roleplay, with some strategy, this is a game for you!"
,Recommended,243950,10827091,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Arroran,There's a dragon with a jetpack flying above an army of badass warmachines.Why would you NOT play it?!
,Recommended,243950,11328383,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,The Necromancer,"It has a very indepth story, so indepth that the entire game could have been just the story. The hostile takeover system was done increadibly well although dragon combat could have been done a bit better has I found my self winning in 100% chances of faliure. But other wise I would recommend this game completely."
76561197983230062,Recommended,243950,10738439,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Justice itself!,"Despite its silly name, the game isn't all that bad.The RTS stuff needs a bit of work, as does the battle field animation, but if you are like me, you'll soon find yourself playing the game entirely for the stuff off the battlefield, where you, the Emperor, have to make political choices to determine the way your future Empire will be run. For some reason this involves a Goblins wishing to conduct genetic experiments on the womb and a rather loose Elf Princess (who never puts out) wanting to LOVE."
76561197998985008,Recommended,243950,7835653,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,cainmy,"It's a hidden gem. It's an RTS combined with 3rd dragonal shooting/flying.Pros: Nice graphicsInteresting storyInteractions with different characters on your shipGrand strategy+fast paced RTS+flying dragonsControl of your army and unit production is fairly easy in even dragon modechallengingCons: RTS portion is shallow due to implementation of dragon mode when comparing to full featured RTS (e.g. star craft 2)Difficulty curve is steep in Act 2 if you are not fully prepared in Act 1Overall, I'll give it an 8/10. You rarely see this kind of game in the past 10 yeats (battlezone in 1998 was this type of game)"
,Recommended,243950,9790568,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Necropuzo,"Nice game but not a gem. The RTS part gets repetetive and boring really fast.But I really enjoyed all the politics parts with their rich characters (kinda, colourful might be a better word) and dialogue options. Too bad they are so short and few."
,Recommended,243950,8061054,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Slyther,"RPG, strategy, RTS, and dragons! This game combined a lot of elements that I love into a game I couldn't wait to buy, one of the few I've ever preordered. I quite enjoyed Larian's Divinity II and thus had faith that they'd do well with this game as well, and they lived up to expectations. Once you finish the campaign you can make a custom one that avoids the cutscenes and seperate acts, making for a lot of replayability so you can explore the many political decisions set before you. The strategic overview is simple but funtions quite well, the units on said overview map coming with you into the RTS battles in contested territories. The RTS component itself is much simpler than most as it comprises a single resource, recruits, that is shared amoung all the players. Controlling more Citadels means you get a larger portion of this pool, and should a battle exhaust this resource it comes down to who can manage what they got from the pool better. Of course my personal favourite part of the game is entering the battle yourself as a dragon, and if played well you can significantly change the flow of battle, often strong enough to strafe around and destroy smaller groups of units. You have limited RTS control in dragon form however, and may have to exit dragon mode to execute further commands, though transitioning back and forth is quite fluid."
76561198103199389,Recommended,243950,9982715,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,uncleposey74,"Divinity is a mix of many genres,Card games, RTS,RPG,Simulation....etc.While i do feel it does a passing job with the gameplay, The story is the real reason to play this game.Thruout the game you must make many political and personal decisions. Such as outlawing a certain practice or picking a bride to marry. These decisions have a effect on how you are recieved by the politicians, but can also alter public support, gold or research per turn etc.. This is by far the best part of the game is seeing how your choices effect those around you.The game is worth several playthrus to see all the different ways you can approach a problem.. However the game is fairly short once you know how to milk the system with Mercenary cards. but the deep characters and superb voice acting bring a ton of depth to the world and will make you want to keep playing a few more turns to see what choice will be put before you next."
76561198080209179,Recommended,243950,25162102,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Kuńrad,I got in at 8 euro price.It was good price for this.
76561198001559697,Recommended,243950,25222591,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,ChaosOMEGA,"This game is fantasic, took me a while to get the hang of it once i did oh buddy was I in for a treat..I love how the combat system is in rts and civilazation mode..Plus this game has real life issues in politics you can choose how you rule you're monarchy...SIMPLY AMAZING STUFF GOD SPEED THE MAKERS OF DIVINITY KEEP MAKING GREAT GAMES!!!!! I GIVE THIS GAME 10/10 WOULD♥♥♥♥♥♥THE ENEMEY AGAIN!!!!"
76561198178827578,Not Recommended,243950,21071827,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Betatitan,Intresting storyTo bad the battle are horrible to controle and unresponsive
76561198128537339,Not Recommended,243950,33626430,Posted: 18 July,all,Ukihva,"Just bad..  I thought it would be fly around killing stuff as a dragon, more like a RTS from the 90's with a Terran campaign bridge from SC2, a gave it a go but it was just horrid."
76561198116388622,Recommended,243950,22258324,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Spirantgore,Loved this game! Perfect political simulater mixed with a fairytale storyline.Only bad thing about this game was the large amount of content that was cut from the game to meet the deadline.
76561197998508369,Recommended,243950,10731646,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,RagingFlower,"This game is one hell of a science project. The question of ""What if you mashed together a RTS, Risk, a card game, chatting with your friends on your flying ship a-la Mass Effect, political commentary, and turning into a giant firebreathing dragon all into one game"" is explored, and to a certain extent, succeeds.The dialogue is well written, and there are some interesting characters I would have loved to see in a more focused game. You'll meet a snobby lizardman with a monocle, chat about allowing gay marriage in your kingdom with a talking religious skeleton, and can even marry a talking skeleton. All of this takes place on your floating steampunk ship, powered by a living demon. This is the area of the game I feel excels, and why I would recommend this game to anyone interested in a zany fantasy story.Once you get to the Overworld map, in which you and your rivals play a turn-based style risk game, you start to realize that the game's lack of focus has left some mechanics lacking. You'll move your squads of troops to points and try to dominate the entire map, gathering resources from tiles on the map. You'll also have cards (yes, there's also a card game) that you can play to turn the edge in your favour.But wait, there's more! If you and your rivals meet on the same tile, you'll have to battle. You can sim this out (Which I ended up doing as much as possible), or go into the most flawed piece of the game, the RTS.The RTS portion is standard fare, you'll have to capture points on the map to construct buildings on them. Resource gathering is automatic, and micromanagement is limited to building troops and buildings, and using their respective abilities. This is probably for the best, because at any time, you can TURN INTO A DRAGON, essentially turning the game into Panzer Dragoon as you lay waste to the enemy. This is a unique power that only the player can use in single player, making battles slightly one sided. The controls and balance and generic look of all the units make the RTS portion difficult to swallow. RTS games, generally, do not mesh well with other genres, and I believe the game is at it's weakest when you are forced to this. I switched it to Easy mode halfway through so I could just stomp through and get back to the character dialogue.There's alot of issues with this mashup that make it hard to recommend it to everyone. But if you're willing to endure sub-par gameplay in order to get to some great character interaction and story, then you may just want to give this one a try."
76561198054476291,Recommended,243950,10320027,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Mr Skeltal,Yea I'd recommend this game i enjoyed it.
,Not Recommended,243950,25706312,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Midknight Battler,"The game is amazing, the story is good, the characters and the dialogues are amazing. However the only stupid part about this game is the fact that all of your decisions dont matter, and its easy to win over the hearts of any woman when you are already somebody.I wish there was more content and interaction but the game just ends abruptly and nothing matters. I wish they used the same story telling mechanics and expand on it, i was hoping for several DLC expansions for the content, but this game leaves you in the mud after it ends, althought this game has the potential to reach masterpiece, it feels incomplete and unsatisfying, they failed on the finishing touches and poor icing on the cake. If its cheap i suggest you buy it, but expect some dissapointments.Overall the game is fantastic in terms of animations,voices,graphics and gameplay done better than even some triple A titles, astonishing production quality. However you will feel empty when the game ends wishing there was more when there is none. Sadly i doubt even if you buy the game, there would be any more Dragon Commander sequels or content."
,Recommended,243950,21560087,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,anger management rex,you're a dragon that breathes fire on cun.ts while you tell your little munchkin shi.ts to fu.ck up other munchkins while you fuc.king INCINERATE everything
76561198018932267,Recommended,243950,8951200,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Lux,This game is awesome!! YOU MUST PLAY IT!!!
76561198058442504,Recommended,243950,10567723,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,motheaten,"In this game you get to be a dragon and you can marry a skeleton lady and legalise gay marriage. If you are like me, this is all the information you need. If you need more convincing: there are three varieties of dragon that you can be."
76561198048333273,Recommended,243950,7968290,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Bryan,"This game is an excellent combination of Turn Based Strategy, with elements similar to the board game Risk, and Real Time Strategy like AOE, Starcraft or any of those countless other similar games. However, there is one big difference. In Divinity, you also have the option of ""popping in"" and assisting your troops on the ground as a Dragon. After you get the hang of knowing when you should transform or not, the game gets pretty cool and the blend of gameplay styles proves to be very satisfying. The only thing I would change is maybe customizable Dragons and a level editor/maker."
76561198070330940,Recommended,243950,7975386,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,AstinDextor,"While the RTS elements are a bit simplistic, the political decision making and character interactrions are fantastic in this game, and offer an expereince that I haven't been able to find anywhere else. Throw in a healthy dose of the Divinity series' signature humor and the whole thing is easily one of the best games this year."
76561198028015721,Not Recommended,243950,16247527,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,werdan,Horrible as turn-based and real-time starategy
,Not Recommended,243950,14477422,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,KingWeir,"Where to start with this game....erm....I just don't know and that probably sums up your feelings of this game! Your left with a game, that you know is rubbish and yet I'm still playing it... so since I can't decide, lets dissect the game in the hopes that you can decide weather to buy it or not.Having played 50+ hours of Divinity II (RPG), was looking forward to this faster, RTS style game play of Divinity Dragon Commander….First impressions weren’t good. Opening cut scene I liked at first told through a style of cardboard cut-out 2D puppet show but when it finished, it felt like it was missing quite abit of information, I felt it should have switched to a 3D CGI cut scene going into more depths the final moments leading up to the start of the game.Instead you’re thrown into the game, with a lot of questions on what exactly is going on.At that point, it didn’t get any better, the 1st RTS battle you go into, instead of an optional tutorial mission, that you could skip, your given boring videos to watch.The battle itself, though probably not just the fault of this game, more the fault of RTS games of late, where instead of building your base and your forces (ah the days of Command & Conquer), basically all you do is spam the unit build button repeatedly, as this is a battle of numbers over tactics, the AI will quickly send its forces straight for you, literally minutes into the battle, so basically build your forces quick, until you can spawn your Dragon.After a timer, you can call your Dragon into battle, though not very effective against buildings, your Dragon can easily wipe out enemy forces by itself, using the Dodge button to avoid missiles, clearing a path for your forces to destroy the enemies buildings, in particle the Anti-Air turrets allowing your Dragon freedom of movement. In a lot of cases, once you gain the advantage the AI just gives up, though this is part of the experience, as if your near to losing a count down timer starts up, personally I'd rather go down fighting or at least given the choice to surrender or maybe retreat.Saying that, considering how rubbish the RTS experience is, it’s probably a good thing that you can finish the battle as soon as possible.So if this had been a demo I was playing, that would have been the end of it, a crappy game, not worth a 2nd glance.However, I had bought this game (luckily on sale), so I pressed on and found, the characters you interact with, the politics side of the game most interesting, so that I was willing to suffer an RTS battle to see what would happen next and what choices you might have to make.Sadly these choices only really effect who likes and dislikes you and apart from a newspaper article at the start of each turn you don’t see any lasting effects of these choices, though the choices don’t always have the most obvious of outcomes. MAYBE these choices will have some dramatic effect on the end of the game, if you can suffer the RTS to get there.But saying that, there is also conversations choices and these, since you interact with, have more impact, if only in witty comebacks or outcomes, I found myself when given one choice, saving my game and then choosing the option I would of least gone with and hitting the end turn button without actually playing the game, to see the result, which just gave me another interesting choice and found myself, just hitting the end turn button for least 10 turns to see what would happen next!So if the politics sided of the game, combinded with the RPG choices interests you AND you think you can cope with the boring RTS, give it a go but only on sale, besides you do get to fly as a Dragon, lol."
76561198098647632,Recommended,243950,13098902,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,skips,its ok
76561198024339647,Recommended,243950,10757475,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,JNDARK,great game
76561198073064577,Recommended,243950,10773067,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Candalf the Waxy,"I have to alt tab  just to load in the damn game, fix your♥♥♥♥♥♥I wanna play."
,Recommended,243950,10933437,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Misfiring,Fancy becoming a dragon and own the battlefield? Fancy picking an undead wife and turn her into a robot? Fancy enecting gay rights? Get this game.
,Recommended,243950,14136940,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Nigel,"The RTS part of the game is VERY weak but the Role Play is pretty good. The part where you are a dragon is fun, too."
76561198070411870,Recommended,243950,13951270,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Julfjr,Sacrificed my wife for pokemon cards.10/10
,Recommended,243950,22228873,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,(d^u^b),Really rather good
76561197995177754,Recommended,243950,10256080,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,GrusGuleM,You can legalize erotic behavior forced upon women by men and in turn make a femenazi really mad...10/10 must buy.
76561198055367497,Recommended,243950,22103107,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Vododovoodvod,Have no idea why people leave negative reviews.
76561198018914449,Recommended,243950,11697453,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Sircool,"Ever want to give gays total rights and flip off the religious/industrial jerks while doing it? Ever want to deny gay rights and♥♥♥♥♥♥off the hipies that whine and moans about it? Ever want a semi-understand of why nothing ever gets done in government because you don't want to♥♥♥♥♥♥people off too much because you still need their help on other matters? This is the game for you. The strategy part of it is simple, a bit too quick and a tad confusing, but it's alright. it's not horrible, but it's not that great. No, the real fun of this game is the deciding rulings you make between turns. Allow the elves to smoke weed? Let imps dig up a grave site to make bigger bombs for your army? Or even ban nudest beaches, all these and more are choices you'll make in this game."
76561197990406921,Recommended,243950,17685984,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,MMG Man,this is a really great RTS hyrbid!
76561198054614014,Recommended,243950,21368048,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Neofenris,Awesome
76561198041995956,Recommended,243950,9201371,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,bahamut66,"While I do have a few gripes with Dragon Commander, I'd be lying if I didn't say it was a blast.  Fantastic voice acting, meaningful moral choices that...actually aren't totally black and white, and an interesting bit of RTS and table top strategy, with a Dragon wearing a jetpack mixed in for good measure, make this a mess that shouldn't work...but it does.  IT DOES WORK!  This game is glorious for any fans of strategy.My major gripes are with the rather blah main story, you'll get most of your story fix from just interacting with your crew and friends than the ""plot"" as it were, some moral choices and characters that ARE as stupid and pointless as they seem, a lack of differentiation between the hero and enemy on the field of battle, and generally being a pain to actually get going...it took me three days to make it work on my laptop.That being said, once this game gets rolling, it is supremely fun.  I've found myself thinking ""Just five more minutes"" on this until I've spent an hour longer than I wanted to playing.  Highly recommended, in spite of my gripes."
,Recommended,243950,12212819,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Brock Berlin,overlooked but still dang good
76561198110970932,Recommended,243950,28763565,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,ratlly,Great game
76561198046160195,Recommended,243950,30954196,Posted: 4 April,all,Mad Chieftain,75/100
,Recommended,243950,8322619,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,robgw3,"The game sounds very interesting at first, and I am sure it would be very fun to play. However I still haven't been able to attack anything and cant figure out how to do so. The game could benefit from a bit more explanation before leaving you on your own."
76561197995158485,Not Recommended,243950,9844975,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Searanox,"This game is amazing. Its beautiful, interesting, political, and a strange mix of several types of game. Its everything I could ever want!But it is too damn difficult.I turned it down to casual mode and still got my♥♥♥♥♥handed to me. You'd better approach this game with an ""attack attack attack!"" mindset, because otherwise it'll cave your freaking skull in. I conquered an entire map, save for one providence, then sent everything I had at the last territory. He (the AI) proceeded to fend me off with 2/3 the number of units, pulled upgrade cards, and wiped out everything I had. Next turn, he sent guys in every direction and took back 2/3 of the world map, took my capital, and overthrew all the progress I'd made.The game does NOT hold your hand when introducing new concepts like the RTS portion, it does NOT tell you that games can turn on a dime, and it does NOT let you know that numbers mean nothing. ""strong against"" and ""weak against"" rule the entire game in a rock-paper-scissors fashion, so don't get too attached to any certain type of unit. Also, how does one become a dragon and fight, as advertised? It doesn't tell you, just drops you into a battle. Goodluck!In short:It needs tutorials.The easy mode needs to be EASY.""Attack-attack-attack"" is the ONLY way to winEven the first map will ♥♥♥♥ing destroy you if you idle for one or two turns.Superior numbers mean NOTHING.Its gorgeous! Its interesting! I want to love it so much, I do!But its ♥♥♥♥ing terrible when it gets going! Avoid it!"
76561198051496029,Recommended,243950,30541247,Posted: 16 March,all,Azkâria,"A wonderful addition to the rts genre despite some combat section fails and wtf moments(nothing that cannot be fixed with a reload), the game offers an enticing story along with an ok rts troop control model. Laid back and fun to mess around with political segments make the game a nice edition to the avid gamer's collection!"
76561197987002353,Recommended,243950,30435855,Posted: 10 March,all,Ryloz,"Distinctly multifaceted gameplay breaks up ever getting bored with it, and a multitude of possibilities makes each play-through at least a bit unique. The setting is, overall, charming and tends to be well written. Definitely worth a try, and possibly a few more."
,Recommended,243950,30710165,Posted: 24 March,all,Sparkadus,"What a game. Divinity: Dragon Commander is an Action/Strategy game set in the Divinity universe. You play as a half-dragon who needs to defeat his crazed siblings and restore order to the land of Rivellon.Combat works as a sort of mini-RTS with the twist of being able to join the battle in dragon-form.In addition to the war, you must also deal with politics, which will affect several aspects of the war depending on your decisions."
76561198115120642,Not Recommended,243950,21566844,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,CrackerjackTiming,This game is a mess.
76561197968014529,Recommended,243950,298584,"Posted: 6 September, 2013",all,{Op4}Havoc,"Divinity series always likes to get my attention one way or another but when I sit down to eat at the dinner table it only serves boiled radishes and gravy. At that point in time I remove myself from said table and promptly exit the premises reminding myself never to be duped again.So as I am eating the radishes that is Dragon Commander I find I am served with actual food, graham crackers. Dragon commander has a pretty interesting way of mixing empire managment, a card game, RTS, 3rd person (DRAGON) combat and some simplistic relationship building between your queen and generals. All of it is solid, except the RTS that's terrible and not just because I don't do RTS...it's bad.Overall it's a well rounded experience though replayability isn't that great unless you have other player dragons to torch..but eh...what can you say.3 out of 5 Chiliwigs"
,Recommended,243950,3988756,"Posted: 13 August, 2013",all,redleif,"This game comes as close to my idea of a dream game as possible: You are a ruler with the responsibility to unite the land against your foes, all the while managing your army and dealing with your military and diplomatic staff.Military desicions are made from a world map à la risk, and all your political and diplomatic interactions will occur aboard your flagship 'The Raven', which contains a vast secret. Your political standings and the opinions and behaviors of your generals react to the decisions you make, which in turn reflect on the battlefield, whether it be increased favor from the gods, or a high popular opinion with the common people of the lands."
,Recommended,243950,25601020,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,kome360,I played this for two reasons:1) Risk-Style Overgame2) The hilariously ♥♥♥♥ed-up debates
,Recommended,243950,15765877,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Niteowl33,This is a fun RTS game with an interesting twist. You are a dragon with a jetpack. If you aren't sold already I don't know what the hell will sell you. Being a dragon is great fun and the strategy is alright but not that difficult. Another interesting thing is the fact that it's a RPG where you make decisions that influence your empire. It's an interesting system but it lacks too much depth. Overall great game that's fun to play but the RPG and strategy elements are lacking.
76561197970281251,Not Recommended,243950,19139601,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,jmzero,"A compilation of a bunch of games, all of which are fine, but none of which are great.. and are all made weaker by their proximity to each other.  Lame setting."
76561197992171864,Recommended,243950,7373924,"Posted: 12 October, 2013",all,Docsis,pretty fun game...
76561198007087836,Recommended,243950,21117898,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,TonyDragon,"Recommending it because why not but man, the rts sucks. I just can't play it this low quality rts. Everything else looks good. I only played 38 mins so I cant judge. Voting favorably for this to help the devs out and because i got it for dirt cheap...i'm not gonna be a jerk."
76561198029182088,Recommended,243950,9654204,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,MrROBINKONG,Money Well Spent
76561198017687314,Recommended,243950,9817015,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Seremedy,:D
76561198022932216,Recommended,243950,9939708,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Dazzy892,"A good mix or RPG and RTS in one package, i got hooked from the moment I was on the airship. A great game to play."
,Recommended,243950,9861716,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,兴XING,10/10 LOL
,Recommended,243950,9804373,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,KhAS,"The RTS feels a little off for me.  Mostly because I'm♥♥♥♥♥♥at RTS.  So yeah, just fly around and blast♥♥♥♥♥♥with the dragon."
76561198129101111,Recommended,243950,13211782,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,unknown.notregistered,"A very entertaining game to play.Ever play a RTS and wish you could just be the massive, neigh-unkillabnle monster to wreck it all? Well, here's your chance.In the midst of battle you can transform into a mighty dragon and just lay waste to your enemies.Or heartily buff your allies and watch over your armies as they overwhelm the enemy with ease.True, the RTS is a bit dodgy at times, difficult at best to control, with its fair share of issue - but it helps blend and interesting action sequence between the Turn-Based planning stages.The diplomacy system in the game is by far one of the more enjoyable ones I've encountered. A bit random, but fun - you'll never know which topic is up next. As you gain - or loose - favor with a faction it ends up helping or hindering your own conquest tasks at hand with the fighting. underlying polocies intertwine with how well your strategy auto-resolves with generals act out, or how well you can build or defend a battlefield. It mixes well in the gameply to open up a host of opportunities and a vast array of replayability as you can shape and reform how you rebuild an empire from ruins.The diplomacy and actions intertwine with your generals and how they learn their skills. But its all relative. Fighting boils down to a basic turn-based build up to a RTS brawl of sorts. Its fun, entertaining and well worth the run. Or two, I've still got other routes I could have gone, different choices to make and see how well it can play out in the end..."
76561198126783889,Recommended,243950,34069686,Posted: 6 August,all,Jumbos Jimbo,not my cup of tea but still kool
76561197975841833,Recommended,243950,35123254,Posted: 22 September,all,bateluer,One of the most underrated games I've ever played. Somehow it meshes several genres together into a highly functional system.
76561198012858074,Not Recommended,243950,18814361,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Coilzz,"I picked this up on sale and had fun. Pretty short campaign if you don't actively play out the battles, and the battles are not all that fun to me. It's kind of a pain to select specific units and a little too easy to dragon form and blow everything up."
76561198050225342,Not Recommended,243950,10279228,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,painsponge,"I loved this game when I saw the first ads for it on Steam, it looked like incredible fun.As Larian Studios made me a fan of their games with earlier releases when this went on sale I bought it.That is where the fun ended.With close to a quarter century of RTS games under my belt (Yep, Herzog Zwei was that long ago) this one just doesn't work. You fire it up and lose. Then you lower the dificulty and lose again. Then you are at lowest difficulty and after your generals lose every battle the game is quickly over. The game allows you to reload to your last save, saying the game didn't end horribly but that just lets you send you general to lose bad again and again and again.Why not take my dragon in and run the battle myself? That is how the game plays out. Defend you capital every turn. Same map again and again and again. You make enough money (7 gold) each turn to buy 2 of the cheapest units or 1 of the next level up. Better units than that you will never afford. each turn the AI snuffs them with its endless firehose of units and you start again.With my limited time playing the game there is nothing that makes me want to waste any more of my time playing it. I have close to 400 Steam games to beat so a casual play through is good to see if I want to paly again at a higher difficulty. Here a casual play through (easiest mode) is a short game that ends in loss before the game really gets to develop towards anything you see in the ads.The easiest mode (casual) feels like playing Total Annihilation at max difficulty against 9 allied enemies... only when you tried that you had been playing TA for ages. Here it starts out at that level on the stratigic map; RTS map wise you will just loop the same ""defend your capital"" battle forever. It feels like the game made the mistake of setting difficutly to what their devs and game testers though was appropriate after thousands of hours of play. Fail you way to victory is never fun. Having a game with only one specific rush move to start or you lose.. also not fun.Maybe I missed something in the tutorials after looking at them 2x. Maybe there is too much luck required. Either way the game is an incredible disappointment."
,Not Recommended,243950,10596775,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Indrid Cold,"Really unrefined and unpolished. Any battle can be won with any amount of soldiers so long as you yourself lead the charge.The games idea of strategy is to zerg-rush the player mindlessly. Being a dragon doesn't make the player feel powerful at all, rather you just spit AoE attacks."
,Not Recommended,243950,10960554,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,feedbackdude,"This is really more like 3 games roled into one--real time strategy, turn based strategy, and RPG--with the lemon twist of card collecting.  The strategy parts of the game really don't work very well while the rpg and story part does.If you really want to play a good rpg with nice storytelling elements, there are games that do it better. If you really want an ""old-school"" mass and assault RTS, there are games that do that better too.There's really nothing to recommend this game. It's decidedly mediore in every aspect."
,Not Recommended,243950,11093108,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,applebaps,"I really wanted to like this game.  And for a while, for like 2 chapters or so of the game, I did!  Then, like so much other AAA bullcrap that comes out these days, the game ran out of steam and stopped being interesting.  Don't get me wrong, it looks amazing and all that, and the concept is a great one.  Even the first part of the execution is very well done.  It's just that it never really gets any meat on its bones.  It's all surface, all shell.  No center.Examples:  You get the ability to turn into a dragon wearing a jetpack during the RTS battles and help out your troops.  Sounds great, but all your dragon abilities are weak and stupid, you die really quickly, and while you're in dragon form, controlling your troops is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥You get to choose which woman to marry (it'd be nice if I could've PLAYED as one, maybe they'd have some husband options or given me the choice to be gay one way or the other, or anything other than what's there), but then after she has like, one sidequest that takes place entirely in dialogue, that's it.  Your queen does exactly 1 thing.  Well, two things.  She's got a quest that does nothing, and she's got clothed boobs for you to look at as she says the same goddamn thing every time you visit her chamber.  That's it.The RTS portions lack strategy.  Good board positioning between battles is about as tactical as it gets.  The story starts off sounding interesting but never really goes anywhere.  And then just when you think it's over, a stupid thing happens, not for any good reason mind you, and then you're still playing it, but nothing interesting is happening apart from just... more game.  Your generals all have maybe one interesting quest that they do, as well.  The political decisions were a nice concept, but then they have VERY minimal impact on gameplay.  It's all just shuffling around numbers.  Show me some CONSEQUENCES!  I consistently just did whatever I wanted, politically, and everyone loved me at the end of the game anyway.  I never had to change the way I played the game outside of the room where you Make The Pointless Decisions.  That shouldn't happen.  There's not enough tech or dragon abilities to research, either.  You'll have them all, easily, well before the end of the game.  It's like it was developed by lots of people, none of whom were talking to each other, and they all had like a page of notes at most to work from for content.Very disappointing.  Lots of potential, utterly wasted."
76561198014666590,Recommended,243950,10010722,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Warstrich,"The RTS battles might not be very deep and it is a bit too easy to just tear through battles using the dragon form. But what makes it simple is also what makes it accessible and somewhat charming. Although it is quite possible to find yourself in a battle in which the opponent has the clear upper hand, due to the maneuvering of units on the tactical map before battle. In these fights you need to a little bit tactical and know when and where to strike with your dragon.What sells this game though, is not so much the battles, but the social political interactions you'll make between fights. The story is not very deep, but the characters are so endearing that they make up for it. The voice acting is stellar in 95% of the cases and the writing very witty and often clever. I basically play this game for the sake of the characters. And because I'm quite fond of the Divinity universe."
,Recommended,243950,8167151,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,FFSoul,Waifu Simulator
76561198012833532,Recommended,243950,23454789,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Awesomo 2000,"It is an RTS, also tactic turn based strategy, adventure, and dragon flying action simulator all in one. It may seem weird at first, but slowly you will really get into the world and story of the game and will like it. The overall story might not be one of the best, but conversing with characters and revealing their personal stories is interesting, interacting with diplomats from other nation, deciding new decrees, trying to please your wife (who is either elf, dwarf, lizard or undead) is just topping of the game. Then you get into RTS battle and everything changes, it is fast paced and not that you are ordering dozens of troops around, you also fly around as almighty dragon spewing your fiery rage on enemies. Oh yeah."
76561198136306969,Not Recommended,243950,35246705,Posted: 27 September,all,adanac96,"I see myself as a bit of an RTS veteran but this game is no fun. If you go into the game you might as well wave the white flag as soon as you enter because the AI NEVER loses. The diffuculty might as well change itself to Lose, Get the White Flag Ready, and When Do You Want Your Butt Kicked? You barely start and the AI sends an army that would put the US and China to shame about 3 seconds after you hit go. The Dragon power is cool but you might as well be flying a paper airplane in a rain storm throwing the enemy pencil shavings, because if you try to shoot the enemy you would be lucky to hit the target let alone kill it, and you're supposed to be an all powerful king/dragon yet you have the equivilent of a black hole for the bullets. As soon as you enter the field every enemy would zero in on you and drain your health before you even get to move 1 cm. For those who want this game. Here's a way you can experience it far better. Go stand in front of a tank and threaten the driver to shoot you while your only defence is a toothpick."
,Recommended,243950,33920758,Posted: 30 July,all,Ich,<3
,Recommended,243950,7568240,"Posted: 4 November, 2013",all,Vox Chaotica,"""Henry IIOops, you've imprisoned your wife.""GAME OF THE YEAR, ALL YEARS."
76561198027360900,Recommended,243950,9789261,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Krynin,"While the RTS part of the strategy is somewhat lacking, the game as a whole is excellent. If you are a fan of RTS, Grand Strategy, and RPG's, then you will love this game. Action fans have something to enjoy too; wreaking havok as a dragon is loads of fun."
76561198037408573,Recommended,243950,9817294,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,GamersResolve,"I can understand some of the reviews comments about this game falling short in some areas however it's of my opinion that this is a great game. The RTS is a bit lacking agreed, it isn't a Total War but it's style of base building, recruiting units reminds me of a comand and conquer game. However the real gem of this game isn't the campaign map or RTS but your life aboard the Raven. Talking to your generals, one's a stuck up lizzard, a firey girl, a feminist and a big brute. However when you arn't talking to ethier of those, you will evidently be resolving one of your kingdoms issues with diplomats from each species. Sometimes it will be impossing church taxes, the undead dont like it but most of the other races agree, so its up to you how you want to rule. If that doesn't catch your fancy you could be buying upgrades for your army or dragon, there is also your wife which you can try and do everything for or just annoy her when she asks for help.I would say that if you want a good game to pass the time then this is it or if you love people/politics or intrigue. If you are looking for a hardcore RTS with campaign map then this isn't for you.100/100."
,Recommended,243950,9791364,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,EverydaywestrayfurtherfromGod,"bought it on sale for what, 10 dollarS? Came for the politics, it's a good one, I like the effort they put into dialogs and choices, and I'm glad the whole game looks polished. that said, the RTS elements are lacking, it almost would have been better just being a more grand strat type game, but they're solid enough on their own. The problem is your dragon is incredibly powerful, and you can just fireball everything to death very quickly. luckily it's countered by you only being able to participate in one battle per turn.It's a good one, I'd say it's worth at least 25 dollars, get it if it's on sale. It doesn't hold back when it comes to politics either, so be prepaired to get some pretty dificult decisions."
,Recommended,243950,9801166,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Dapper Prinny,"While I do recommend this game, it's very hard to recommend. In reality, I'd suggest it on a whim, while warning that it really should be bought when it's on sale... Or free...The gameplay is interesting, though a bit annoying at times. The political simulation bit, involving marriage of princesses and keeping relations high with various races is interesting. Yet at the same time it's time consuming and provides very little to the actual strategy and flow of the rest of the game.The combat is nice, flows very easily when you are in the Dragon Commander role. Flying through the sky, blowing up every little thing that gets into your path is always nice. The controls for it are simple, and work very well. On the other hand, the real time strategy part is lacking. Once you get a steamroll going, your opponent can't stop you. Likewise, the computer/other player can do the same to you. If you lack a strong army to start the round off with, then you will get dominated.The cards add useful effects, but are a bit limited in variety. Mostly they add units, make units cheaper, or sabatoge the enemy.The graphics are very nice, very lifelike with the animations. But not enough to keep you distracted from the annoying aspects of the game.All in all, I give it a 3/5. It's not great, but it isn't horrible. Buy it at your own risk."
76561198012130747,Recommended,243950,9796930,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Salver,"A hidden gem of a game, especially if you enjoy role-playing from a leadership and strategy perspective. The world and cast is very colourful and genuinely engaging. The campaign strategy and RTS elements are quite simple but enjoyable nonetheless.The highlight is without a doubt role-playing an Emperor in a fascinating and hilarious steampunk fantasy world. The dialogue is well written and the voice acting is terrific. The choices you confront can be pretty tough and interesting. In future I would love to see an even more in-depth version of just the ""emperor simulator"", or a game focussing on just that aspect with even more detail."
76561198047616746,Recommended,243950,29128516,Posted: 8 January,all,isthispragmatic,"Wow, what a unique grouping of game types. So very wonderrful!"
76561198101873935,Recommended,243950,29578105,Posted: 29 January,all,French Spiderman,"The actual RTS gameplay was a bit lack luster. Really enjoyed everything else however. The game gave you choices that mattered, and i really liked that, but i was dissapointed to find out that their is only one ending. 7/10 Buy it while it's on sale if you are intrested."
,Recommended,243950,29683389,Posted: 3 February,all,Avacyn,7/10 I liked it.
,Recommended,243950,3363427,"Posted: 12 August, 2013",all,Sir Zalensto,"Gutes, aber einfaches gameplay im einzelspieler, wird wohl im multiplayer besser sein. Kampange ist awesome.Good, but easy gameplay in singleplayer, must be harder in multiplayer. Campaine is awesome."
76561198071061138,Not Recommended,243950,15912339,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Zongetsu,"Cons~RTS aspect completely blows.~Combat graphics blow.~Campaign is short without much replayability.Pros~Political decision making is interesting. They need about triple the ammount of them tho, with a non campaign mode where you can make RNG selected politcal choices.As is the game is not nearly worth the pricetag."
,Recommended,243950,9821634,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Wally,It's like Skyrim but with dragons
76561198015796648,Not Recommended,243950,9809606,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Baeil,"This is a poor, confusing, awkward game."
76561198035273657,Not Recommended,243950,9815807,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Feawen,Worst game ever. I regret the second I bought this game.
,Not Recommended,243950,23474692,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Mac Like-a The Potty,"Eventually got around to completing the campaign after having it in my gamelist for over a year.Now I can say it's pretty dull and feels like an unfinished game. Lacks all kinds of meaty bits to make it worth buying.The political descisions are just boring. All they do is give a slight buff to certain areas like money, tech or approval. I prefer my choices on potentially world changing decisions to impact more than numbers on a spreadsheet.A large portion of the characters are impossible to like since they go out of their way to make sure you understand you can't do anything right no matter what you choose. Halfway through the second chapter I stopped caring who I♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off since they are all forgettable. They aren't there to enhance the immersion, the story, or the gameplay. They're just there to yell at you when you choose option A over option B or visa versa, makes no difference in the long run."
,Not Recommended,243950,8390165,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,shadowclasper,"While I love the concept of Dragon Commander, the game is obviously rushed and the writing is the most cliche thing I've ever read.The game play is passable. A nice mashup of total war and dawn of war, but after that? It all goes down hill.The characters are almost universally 2 dimensional. Once you've spoken to them once or twice, you know immediately how they'll react to any given situation without even having to talk to them. They're purly defined by their sterotypes. The bigotted lizard is always bigotted, the sexist ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ general is always a sexist ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, the icequeen manhating general is always an icequeen manhater and that's the only thing that ♥♥♥♥ing defines her decisions. It's infuriating. The two most believable characters from the 1st chapter are the ♥♥♥♥♥♥vixen' general, and the Imp Ambassador. While both are probably meant to come off as 'lol random!' they actually come off as believable because they have reasons for their beliefs and decisions that are above and beyond simple sterotypes. I mean, come on. A character has to be VERY badly written when the mad scientist character and the token wildcat female party member are less formulaic than said character is.Also the stuff in anachronystic. A lot of the political decisions make NO sense in context. There's a world war going on. While some of these decisions would make sense when you own more than one country, or even more than one province, when you're just trying to get a foot hold, making a call on gay marriage, for example, is simply not what people are going to be concerned with, at least not on the highest levels of government. Your ambassadors are going to be more worried about the impacts of war on their populations, refugee populations, criminal♥♥♥♥♥♥ Getting the FOUNDATION of your new empire running would take precedence. Establishing public order, getting laws established, all of those things.Finally, the game shows some obviously lazy programming, art, and UI managment. THe game resets the difficulty to normal between games rather than switching it, so you need to check on the difficulty every time you reopen Dragon Commander. The Undead are literally skeleton textures pasted onto humanoid body skeltons and polygons, so that you have bones and jaws moving as if they were made of flesh and muscle, not solid calcified bone.I -really- wanted to like Divinity: Dragon Commander. It was SUCH a cool concept. But it failed so badly in execution on the small things, such as writing and art, that I'm having a hard time suspending my disbelief. Every time the dwarf acts like a neo-con ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ over incredibly stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥during a time of ♥♥♥♥ing war, every time the undead is an intollerant ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, every time the elf is a hippie even when it would probably cost the lives of his own dudes. All of it just takes me out of the experience.They also could have used a more robust system of imperial politicing. Allowing us to have multiple choices, accepting proposals in part or in full, or even tacking on things to it. Making compromises and settling the thing fully. Not just a simple yay-nay system, with all of the decisions inevitably being 'are you liberal or conservative!'What if I don't want to deport convicts? What if I want to send them to Imp war foundries to help the war effort? What if I want to have limited conscription or at the very least incentivise joining the war effort rather than just ripping people out of their houses and homes?There was so much potential in Dragon Commander. And it feels wasted on this subpar, rushed game."
76561198019961735,Recommended,243950,8235708,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,提督Artemis,"What can I tell about this game... This is RTS that is great in everything except for RTS batteles themselves. It has dozens of great characters, lots of good humor and awesome style (sereously, just look at how awesome map is, with it's animated detailes and wooden figures, representing units), but lacks in it's RTS component. I'm not telling that it's horribly bad, RTS battles were really exiting at first with turning into dragon stuff and all, but I quickly got borerd of them and started to use autoresolve as frequently as possible, because AI can't present even a little challange, after you get hang of things, more or less (and I played on hard difficulty btw). Yes, RTS has some depth to it, but you won't need most of units and their abilities against AI. Online play is a totaly different thing. With real opponent you can have more than one fun battle and even play a full compain. Yes, and bugs, lots of bugs.Despite  those minuses, I still think thats it's a great game and will recommend it to anybody who won't be scared with concept of RTS-RPG-TBS hybrid. Where else you can decide to allow or not having citizen giant bears for pets, marry an udead princess and turn into a dragon and fly into the sunset? But here's my advice: put diffuculty settings to casual and enjoy great story. And if you want RTS, don't look for it in solo compain, go straight online, or better try another game, seriously."
,Recommended,243950,10214872,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,StumpyKitten,"Fantastically entertaining blend of strategy and political RPG.The writing and voice acting went way above my expectations, easily AAA quality. Most people will find the dialogue excessively wordy, but it's pretty rare to ever hear that comment about a game. Dialogue choices do impact the game, and I made multiple save points so that I could go back and explore the other outcomes. The game very frequently forces you to make the best choice out of several bad choices, and tries to really punch you in the morals at every opportunity. It leans heavily on real-world allegory, and reminds me a lot like being in a commanding role on Deep Space 9 or Babylon 5, but in a fantasy/steampunk setting.The rest of the game is fairly standard turn-based overmap strategy, and real-time tactical combat. The overmap game is very simple, although you'll feel burned by some of the ""rules"" in your first playthrough - the map expands and resets your assets, which can leave you in awkward positions at the start of the next story phase. The tactical combat is generic, however the dragon-mode spices things up. I found myself frustrated at all the limitations on the dragon game mechanics, especially since it's one of the most unique (and heavily advertised) features of the game.Overall I recommend the game to any RTS, RPG, or moral dilemma fan. This game has left me dreaming of a perfect world where the Divinity RPG/story components are married with the solid strategy of a game like StarCraft II."
,Not Recommended,243950,16540562,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Cohj,"So Close, but no cigar,There are aspects of this game that look really good and inviting replayability and but unfortunately the majority of the game drags this down more then a little bit. Units have to be everywhere and it's a mess.  The research and units are lack luster. The ""Auto-Resolve combat"" is a joke. You get 3 commanders and can only use one of the 3?And the combat, this is where it really sucker punches you and where I drew the line after having to do it for the upteenth time because it's one of the core parts of the game. First thing is that you have a few units that you start with followed by a mad rush to the recuritment centers and usually within the first 2 minutes. The units aren't interesting. They don't look cool or have fun abilities.  Enmasse seemed the best way to use them anyways. It kind of feels like a half finished total conversion mod inplanted in a game.But wait, you're a dragon! With......a jetpack. That right there kinda angered me. You're supposed to be this huge majestic dragon in the sky breathing fire on everyone and instead it's almost a comical unit. The Dragon is powerful enough but not overly powerful. His abilities are cool but you felt like this annoying random air unit that went everywhere then some commander.I don't know, I wanted to love this game. I love dragons, I love RTS but going through boring combat/strategic phase over and over again to get a chance to advance the politics. I played 12 hours, paid 10 dollars. I'd say stay away if I were you."
,Recommended,243950,10236843,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,ploik21,RTS: goodDiplomatic decision making: greatDRAGON COMBAT: NUFF SAID
,Recommended,243950,8761248,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,sarquindi,"Political intrigue, dragons, raining destruction down upon your enemies, and a little bit of role playing.  What's not to love?"
,Not Recommended,243950,16481418,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Nova,The interactions are fun the actual combat is stupid as♥♥♥♥♥♥ D:
,Recommended,243950,8981764,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Marlech,"This is a game where you get to pick your favourite wife and make political decisions. The dialogue is clever and the characters are fun. The political decisions are interesting and there are multiple branching paths. Beyond that, there isn't very much to say. It's quite fun to play, even if at the end of the day the good parts amount to what is essentially a VN with many choices.PS: This game is supposed to be an RTS too but the RTS part sucks and it is better to auto-resolve the battles so you can get back to your fun charactersPPS: You get to play as a dragon with a jetpack in the RTS parts though and that's pretty ♥♥♥♥ing cool"
76561198021559677,Recommended,243950,9793333,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Malaficus Shaikan,"Suprisingly good.I expected a spam fest.What i got was a game that is like a good book.You read it once and never look at it again.While this game has multiplayer and skirmish the real fun is in the story line.It is your stander background:You the iligitment child of the recently killed king and must now ensure your rule by beating the snot out of your legitement batshit crazy brothers and sisters.Yet there is where the cliche ends.The rts part of this game is the least interesting one.I enjoy my time about the revan(your flagship) where you make politcal decisions that has consequencesEverything from your forced marriage(yes you are forced into marriage, not the otherway around)To the mathers of court to how you threat your employees is a mather of action and consequence.It gives the game replay value.There are some minnor complaince ofcourse.Rts is shallow(just above spamm fest really)The Cards you get can make or break you.And just like real life politic's there is no right answer.I was playing as a liberial(i think)My interest where about the little man.This made me populair with the hippy's....sorry i mean elves.But hated with the undead and dwarves.Atleast the dwarves i can agree with from time to time as they are capatalists.But the undead are religous zelaots.They make christains look reasonable in compairasion.Then you got your race over overhyped psycho engineers(imps)And lizards with a superiority complex, who accauly have the best idea for the most time.Ofcourse if you want to be an slaver of a leader that you can do to.Just agree with the undead on everything."
,Recommended,243950,9811850,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,only ghouls and horses,My Skeleton Wife Has Bone Cancer
76561197975480054,Not Recommended,243950,9793962,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,GhostMak3r,ugh! this game is horrible.  very disappointed.    its a weak rts game.
,Recommended,243950,33231542,Posted: 4 July,all,AndyLaFourrure ~FrenchGuyXD~,T H I C C dragons <3
,Recommended,243950,11058881,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Bucket Rockjaw,"Another RTS that fails to shine, the gameplay is lacking but thats not what people like Dragon Commander for people like it for the politics and diplomacy (also the waifus, dont forget about them waifus).The gameplay is somewat like risk  you use troops to control a overworld, putting a troop in a land that has no enemys protecting it becomes yours/theirs  In the battlefield you have a varity of different unit types to fight with (standard Light, Heavy, Air and Sea) which some are better aganist different types some are better vs air some better vs heavy. You do not build bases rather have a troop capture it then build one of 5 buildings ( One for Light, heavy etc) creating units is fast with it being five seconds at most to create a unit. The main ponit of dragon commander (and downfall) is the dragon mode you can take in battle allowing you to turn into a dragon with skills to use on the enemy, instead of building a balanced army of troops and using tactics you instead Ram all troops you have into the enemys and turn into a dragon to push. Every battle turns into a wait game to use dragon mode then attack and unless the enemy has a huge amount of counter air you will auto win within the first attack. [Side Note: While dragon form breaks the RTS element you still get to ♥♥♥♥ING BE A DRAGON AND NOT A WYRM OR SOME♥♥♥♥♥♥ DRAGON POWERS]Now the non RTS part is the more intresting part of the game and shows the writing of the game, you do your best to appease the NPCS making desiscions that affect your campain (like reduced cost of hiring units for the rest of the campain at the cost of max population in your army). Now about the waifu/love instrest there are four different ones each with there own questlines and have different endings depending on choices you make that will also affect the campain.The game does come with skirimish mode but I would rather play another RTS for a better experaince, replayablity is mainly on the choice side of things.Overall rating would be 7/10  from a team that is used to RPG's the game shine's on the writing it lacks the main ponit of the genre the strategy. I would also recommend only getting this on sale  I dont recommend full price."
76561198044800534,Not Recommended,243950,9721242,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Kurodius,"Dragon Commander is a relatively sub-par RTS with some elements of Risk. Its most notable aspect are the political side of the game, in which you must decide on issues presented by ambassadors for each race. Most Choices simply adjust a few statistics for the RTS/Risk section of the game, and have very little story relevence. Not quite worth the regular price, but when on sale it may be worth some interest."
,Recommended,243950,7354348,"Posted: 10 October, 2013",all,ComradeWinston,"The actual gameplay is generic. The story however, that is where the heart of the game is."
,Recommended,243950,16460043,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Etherandir,Awesome
,Recommended,243950,9102085,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Trolling Thunder,"Jetpacks, dragons and skeletons. Get it now.PS. When you do get it, check out the skeleton barmaid.. she's got the best produce rack ever."
,Recommended,243950,9966261,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Yelawolf,A uniquely fun game that combines the thrills of an TPS with the strategic thinking of a RTS and lastly the game play that just sucks you in from the RPG factor.  All in all this game is just amazing.
76561198051384646,Recommended,243950,8642030,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Shepard-Commander,"I have never heard of the Divinity series before but after this game, I believe I'm going to try my hand out on more of them. I just bought the Divinity Anthology and I am currently waiting for it to come in the mail. Divinity: Dragon Commander was enjoyable. This is the first time I've ever seen a strategy game like this. It has included all of my faviorte elements of games I enjoyed today, such as Mass Effect, Risk, the Total War series, and put them together into one big pot. The RTS battles were a bit difficult though, even on casual. With the enemy troops constantly zerg rushing, camera controls being awful, and with not the best computer out there, I found the RTS battles extremely difficult, so I avoided them during the campaign part of the game. The controls in RTS will probably take some time getting use to, especially for new players playing RTS games for the first time. Just using the turtorial alone to get a feel of the game isn't enough, you'll need to pratice a bit with skirmish battles., that and the tutorial is very lacking. I wish they included much more useful tips in it.Playing as a dragon with a jet pack is really fun in the RTS battles, my only complaint is how difficult it is to handle your troops and micro manage as a dragon. Not to mention selecting them is a bit difficult. I died quite a few times when I attempting to get the hang of things. The dragon can be a life savor though if you're inexperience. Overall, I enjoyed the Risk like board in the campaign mode, and I really enjoyed the politics and how it affected your army, gold, and troop morale. I attempted to play the game as a good character and it was difficult having to pick the higher road when in return you had to sacrifice resources. Sometimes, the high road can hit you badly with its outcomes. This is perhaps the first time I've seen a stratagey game with rpg elements, I really enjoyed the different characters and their personalities. It's important to interact with your generals as much as you can, seeing as finishing their stories will improve your chances on the battle field. I didn't realize unil the end of Act II that your actions can affect the personality changes in your generals, and that there is more than one ending for them, and the princessess that you can marry which makes the replay value in this game high, seeing as the choices you make can lead to different outcomes. With the Imperial pack, there is a chart/diagram that can show you the different outcomes for each character, not to mention some behind the scene stuff, concept rp, and a dlc.I highly recommend this game for others; this is something refreshing in the strategy genre. There were a few things that I had quirks about, like the rewarding for zerg rushing, how insanely powerful your dragon can become when maxed out and control issues, but overall, I believe the good parts of the game out weigh the bad part. I wouldn't give it a ten out of ten, but it's a lovely game to have in your library. Hopefully, the other Divinity games will be too. For certain, I'll have to make a guide and indepth review for this game in the future."
,Recommended,243950,10299680,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,legobumpus,"I love this game. having said that its not the best game on the market, and I wouldnt recomend spending the $40 on the game when its being sold at full price. Dragon Comander combines political decisions and large scale conquest. a decision you make in your throne room can have huge effects on the battle field whether its making units absurdly cheap or making the inhabitants of a cretian country give you less aid. often I found my self in a situation where i could make a decision i agreed with and would offend one of the five races or one that would gain me support even though i disagreed with it. And I like being put in that kind of situation, it really brings the game to life."
76561197993494233,Recommended,243950,9974286,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Mr. Mass,"Awesome game, a new take on the RTS genre. It plays well, with minor bugs, but has the potensial for many hours of awesome gameplay and replayability. I would recommend this for the RTS nerd that wants a little extra to bring in the mix. It's more simplistic in the main RTS part of the game (reminds me of the CnC series in a way) and mixes it with both turnbased terretory expansion (ala Total war series) and a 3rd person shooter within the main battle. And on top of that is a very interesting RPG element that makes awesome choises with different outcomes.The AI would be awesome if it was a little better balanced, for new players can easly plow through both easy and normal, but once you start on hard, it quickly become way to hard, and all AI target you, rather then each other.This game is very cool to show of, and the multiplayer shows the true potential of it. tons of fun, and a great intro to something that might become an Multiplayer classic.would like to see more map variety, and factions. other than that it hits a solid 9/10 for me."
76561198015235569,Recommended,243950,9805289,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Vapor666,"Having played Divinity II - Ego Draconis, I was thrilled to see they had created another game. Game is very fun, with the best part being the political choices and impact they will have. You also have to chose a wife, with the choices being quite funny (But holding a big political impact) The battles are awesome, and if you are getting tired of them you can always have your imperial army or one of your generals battle for you. (For a cost) Having beaten the game, I just wish the campaign was a wee bit longer. All in all, great game. Would give it a solid 4 out of 5 stars. The only gripes I had with the game is that research points become useless fairly quickly (You can max out almost everything before you even hit the second map) and a lot of the dragon abilities seem useless. I would of enjoyed it more if I could of spent research points on existing skills to make them a bit stronger. A idea, have the dragon skills start off weaker. Then allow you to slowly upgrade them in exchange for research points. Think I ended the game with over 450 research points I couldn't do anything with.Haven't tried the multiplayer yet, waiting for a few friends to pick up the game. (Hint hint)"
,Recommended,243950,25413728,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Cyber Ortek,"It is when your wife smile at you and says ""Do take a bath first though, you still reek of burnt flesh and jet-engine oil.""9/10 For the first time I feel like a real dragon."
,Recommended,243950,8790278,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,THEBIGFIGURE,"This game is 3 games roled into one. Base building RTS, Grand stratagy and a Ruling style sim. The latter 2 are functional and enjoyable, especially the charicter interactions and dialogue. Your actions in that area matter and has a colourful and unique setting. The RTS element is lacking, unit spamming and grinding, but the dragon combat is fun and makes a change from the norm. In short this game needs a bigger, better longer developed successor to be a complete package, but given how good the other 2 main elements are I have to reccomend this as a unique gaming experience and and an original idea in practise."
76561197973801195,Recommended,243950,25259415,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,[Acumen] CaptN3mo,"The game:Divinity: Dragon Commander is a blend of different genres – Realtime strategy (RTS), Turn Based Strategy (TBS) and 3rd (Dragon)Person Shooter:3 different dragons to choose from, representing different styles of play1)Turn based political and tactical game with a 2)RTS part between rounds that has a 3) 3rd Person shooter built into it ^.^Yeah, that’s what it is really , don´t look so confused !Your decision in the story/campaign mode influence the course of the game (to a point) and also give you different positive or negative effects for the battles and the global war effortResearch in different areas like dragon powers, units or buildings is possibleConverse with your Generals to plan the next move in the war effort.Try to manage relations with different factions that inhabit the lands you are waging your warFirstLook at Dragon Commander on mytwitch channelLarian studios put a lot of effort in to make a game that is not only a RPG but also a turn-based game and has FPS parts. We get a solid RTS game with a twist. You can transform and fly as dragon into the enemy armies and breathe fire down the enemies steam-punky robot necks. The dragon steering in the RTS part takes getting used to while speeding with your winged killing machine through the enemies base. But after that – it is pure fun, and also nicely balanced. The AI is reacting nicely to the use of dragon powers by the player and can apply different tactics accordingly. 3 different game styles in one game demand some more concentration and ability to absorb information than I am used to though.The gameplay consists of turns in which you converse with your different generals. These generals offer some dialogue options and insight into their tactical opinions. The generals are fully voiced and that is very well done. Furthermore you plan your moves on the strategy map, where you decide which enemy territory to attack or which neutral island you want to conquer next. This is also where you build one specific building per territory and use most of you commander skills (represented by game cards). If you choose to invade / move to a country that is occupied by an enemy, you will have a battle before your next strategy turn. (That would be the RTS part) Furthermore you have to manage relations with the different factions of people living in the lands you wage war in. Those are also fully voiced, very well done representatives of some well known fantasy world inhabiting races.Look and feel and sound:Visually the game is good-looking  except maybe for the RTS part which seems a bit clunky. The Camera controls need to be mastered and you need quite a bit of orientation to actually know where you are after speeding through the battlefield as a dragon. Some of the dragons abilities sound a bit flat and could have used more “ooommph” but that is maybe just me needing more feedback from those abilities to enjoy them to the fullest.Captains Orders:If you can enjoy an experiment and don´t expect the RTS part of the game to be on par with, for example, Starcraft you are in for a treat. I found the game very entertaining and well worth a second look after my first mission. Especially the ”dragon-regent-simulator”, basically a turn based mix of Roleplaying and Empire management is very well done!Verdict: (Introducing the new 3-Tier rating system “Treasure/Cargo/Over board”)Divinity Dragon Commander isCargo– Kept for further shenanigans! Check myTwitchChannelfor streams of dragoncommander and other games."
76561198032415486,Not Recommended,243950,11087836,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Hazukichan,"The music is amazing. The storyline and political intrigue are fascinating. All of this will fade into a bitter, crusted memory, however, once you realize just how utterly ramshackle the balancing is, how precognizant you'll need to be to devise a workable strategy and how massively unfair the battles can get, even after you figure out how to slow the game down enough to actually strategize during the real-time sections. And you will need to go into those, or you'll literally have no chance of winning -which, incidentally, is the same chance you'll often have even if you do fight the battle in real-time, only with a heaping helping of frustration on top. Then if you survive long enough to summon yourself -that's odd, isn't it? Having to wait for yourself to arrive!- ...Then you'll realize that if you breathe too much fire, as in enough to actually dent half the units in the game, then you'll overheat and have to cool down. So in short, this game is a terrible, atrocious waste of a magnificent OST and a choice-studded storyline; more than anything, it makes one wish the devs had had at least some clue as to how one creates fun gameplay."
76561198201613371,Recommended,243950,23772318,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Vhaj'suna,"I would buy it again if I could. Run your own government, the choices you make are actually importiant and could have consequenses or benifits. Command huge armies and turn into a dragon on the battlefield! Controls are a little difficult at first, but when you get used to them it's just SO COOL."
76561198047657219,Recommended,243950,13172707,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,NukaBoy,I ate a hamster. 11/10.
,Recommended,243950,9989033,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,The Snacrifice,"Divinity: Dating Sim is a far better description for this game, because you don't do a lot of commanding. 6.5/10As someone who plays RTS's relatively frequently, Divinity comes up short outside of the campaign map. There's a ton of units to choose from, all with well-animated steampunk flavor, but many of them are locked by out-of-map research options. I quickly realized that the first 2-3 units can do almost all the work I ever needed, and that was boring.And that's really the problem with DDC. the core RTS fighting is just booooooorrrrriiiiiing. I think at some point the developers realized this, as they seem to have spent quite a bit of development time coming up with ways for me to avoid the boring top-down play. Hence they have the 'dragon' mechanic, allowing you to turn into a dragon with a jetpack(cool idea I guess), and an MMO-esque hotbar of powers to roast enemies with, as well as allowing your generals to auto-resolve the combat for you, giving you a % boost depending on their particular skills to the outcome.But even that gets old quick. The RTS play is your standard(ugh, I hate that this is standard now) click specific spots to build from a radial tree of buildings(ala LOTR's RTS, etc. So no starcraft base building). I -do- like the 'population' mechanic, in that both sides have an upper number to how many units can ever be built in a single match(and once you run out, no more units can be built) Though it did help me find the boring, but incredibly effective style of 'sit in my base as a dragon, roast enemies until the timer goes down, rinse, repeat' that allowed me to defeat any army the enemy threw at me as long as I managed my resources even half decently, up to and including enemy capitals with significantly larger starting forces then my own. There's no time limit that I can see while being a dragon other than being defeated and well, you're a hyper-powerful dragon. Using a few units as bait you can divebomb enemies essentially at will, since their AI doesn't have very good threat detection.The game really shines in the parts of it that have nothing to do with combat. Every Dragon Commander gets to make policy among your advisors, generals, and general hanger-ons. The characters are larger then life and incredibly hammy in terms of writing, but it works for the sparking super-steampunk atmosphere the game cultivates. Prissy elves that demand you rever nature and gay rights, Dwarves that are all about money and booze, hper-religious undead, scientific, war-hungry Imps and socialistic, upper-crust lizardfolk  all vie for your attention and favor, which supposedly changes how certain territories produce gold and research for your in-combat gameplay. Unfortunately, it didn't really seem to do much other then I lost out on a gold piece or two, and with how easy the combat was I didn't miss it at all.There isn't ANY option to play a female commander, which is a let down, so if you're into playing a pretty empress you'll be sorely dissappointed. This is surprisingly bizarre not just because we've come to expect options for faceless main character customization before(the only character model you as emperor even have is a giant, scaled monster after all), but because the game makes constant attempts to have you influence policy for gender equality(for or against). You can't even make the argument that only a male heir can become the emperor, since in the campaign itself your 'sisters' are also attemptingto take the throne, so clearly that isn't a barrier for rule.You also get to choose a 'princess' to marry from the other races(Wierdly, your advisor declares you'll be a racist for choosing a human mate, despite being a half dragon. Probably because there's no human politician you get a bonus to, since humans oddly have no bearing on the civilian happiness-index, yet appear everywhere on your ship and were the species where the last emperor came from).Despite my sadness at them not allowing you to choose an Imp princess(they're really the best faction IMO- science and pragmatic explosions are fun, and having sex with an undead animated skeleton is apparently more ok for the Devs then a tiny pink goblin), I found the princess options rather fun, since only one of them really even cares about you as anything other than a money-sink or political tool. This starts a dating-sim esque setting that pops up over the course of the campaign, which I honestly found myself way more interested in, to the point I started auto-resolving every fight and skipping turns to keep going.All in all I found DDC a sub-par RTS, but a hilariously over-written political dating sim. I think if they ever make a sequel, axing the combat in favor of making choices for your generals to hand out would be far more enjoyable, since the combat just sucks all fun out of the campaign, even when auto-resolving, since it wastes time I could have been making social decisions over things like gay rights, animal control, and government scholarships. Since none of the good/bad writing makes it over into the campaign map, it also sucks the flavor out of the game as well. If you like RTS play, skip this title, ut if you like quirky storylines and don't mind the lack of a female main character option, it's worth it on sale."
,Not Recommended,243950,11785828,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Stangryn,A sold out use of the Divinity franchise to make a subpar RTS.
,Recommended,243950,8155785,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Irish Reactance HeadcrabRommel,Very fun game once you get use to it. Its different from a lot of the RTS games I am use to
,Recommended,243950,32812726,Posted: 26 June,all,Fifty Shades of Gandalf the Grey,This game is suprisingly fun.Try it.
76561198293376245,Not Recommended,243950,22101485,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Carpenter_656,its a complete random unbalanced game it was a waste of money
76561198050798949,Not Recommended,243950,13310715,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Guntram von Ratsmasher,A ppor addition to the Divinity franchise...I expected much more
76561198071560440,Not Recommended,243950,26313332,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Seymour Bot,"The combat part of the game is very flawed, however the story part and empire management part is very interesting and fun. Hard to recommend this one."
76561198076743854,Not Recommended,243950,24603178,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Nokirin,This and Divinity 2 are the reasons i never again buy a game of the Company ever again.It has nothing to do with Taste. this game is just awfull. the concept is great and the RPG elements are VERY GOOD.But the combat and overall Empire Managment is so simple even a newborn baby can play it.It also not worth playing it Again after u done with Campaign/ or Custom game the political questions are ULTRA repetitive.to bad i played this game so long because i couldnt belive how bad it was.U get by far better games for 40 Euro then this. this price is completly unrealistic for how less content you get.
76561197970729969,Recommended,243950,9157732,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Rahal,Fantastic game.
,Recommended,243950,9775005,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Zarizav,Very fun turn based strategy game. Steam-punk theme and you get to fly around as a dragon blowing things up!
,Recommended,243950,10184222,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Arkaethen,"So, you like games like Civilization, Total War, or Age of Empires?  End of story, at least give Dragon Commander a try, it has an amusing blend of RPG which reminded me of Star Craft, but allows you to fight toe to toe with your enemy while also managing an entire field of combat.  It's hard to get used to, with the fast paced RTS battles, but it is easily possible to get used to.  I would not pass up at least looking at this game if you're a strategy gamer."
76561198089957868,Recommended,243950,8539666,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Pashmir,"A GREAT game, you should get it i really do love it, this is a new twist on an RTS."
76561198023789665,Recommended,243950,8539611,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Greg Bumplekin,You can marry a skeleton 10/10
,Recommended,243950,9786430,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,orionAD6,"Brilliant Game, Not enought people noticed it"
,Recommended,243950,9787429,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,TheLhix,"Really fun game. Has a slight learning curve but nothing to extreme. The music is nice and, the graphics and game quality are crisp. Though, it is very put-downable. I can see myself playing this for about 30 mins a day or so. Very nice casually but I dont see it as something more personally.7.9/10"
76561197992396762,Recommended,243950,9797147,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Shaunas,Maybe I just suck but this game is incredibly difficult! May have to try and play it on easy mode.Apart from that fantastic game.
,Recommended,243950,9864095,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Ralyn,"Surprisingly fun, plays similar to Total War, although with less depth and RTS and more story/humour."
,Recommended,243950,9882671,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,[85th] Mjr Silence Dogood,"There are plenty of real-time, turn-based, and combination strategy games out there, but none quite so excellent and in-depth as Divinity.Take a look at the second trailer for yourself; that essentially sums of my review of this game.Bloody Brilliant, if a bit challenging.8/10"
76561198057274364,Recommended,243950,10113945,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,GameFreak2X9,"8.5/10. I really enjoyed it! It's political challenges were more than awesome! Being able to turn into a dragon was really fun, it added a nice touch to the game. However managing the battle map was bit hard at times due to a lack of a proper tutorial within the story mode. Overall it was a good, and well worth what I paid! I would recommend it to anyone looking for game that is 50% Political choices and 50% combat."
76561198008994971,Recommended,243950,9060846,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,dead_dreamer11,SmeKER!!!
76561198044203858,Recommended,243950,23994704,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,fuTURE,would sacrifice my wife to a demon10/10
76561198045607508,Recommended,243950,20450433,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Ouiaboo,I am a dragon with a jetpackI like.
76561197996139967,Recommended,243950,18128582,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,The Mushroom King,RTS is completely serviceable and everything else is awesome.
,Recommended,243950,17514773,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Synex,"Turn your camera into a dragon, shoot a nuke from your mouth and watch as the only player that's still active on the game says ""Dragons OP"".10/10 would shoot a nuke from my mouth again."
,Recommended,243950,20571235,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Lone Wolf,Its an RTS in which you are a Dragon with ♥♥♥♥ing Jetpacks!!!
76561198124707160,Not Recommended,243950,21325954,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,dcmccann11,The game crashes constastly. The tutorial is aweful. The game play is boring. Story is fair.
,Not Recommended,243950,25882015,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,daemonykos,"the graphics, story, and  dragon are cool, however the gameplay is not. horrible gameplay, what were they thinking? was cool playing as a dragon but allso stupid OP. very unbalanced and meh game. nice story/graphics when not in combat tho."
,Recommended,243950,28717166,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,47Haven,"I get to tell a raging SJW to sod off10/10I have to say that if you're buying this for the RTS element, don't buy this one. Dragon Commander's RTS element is quite weak, either you get easily overwhelmed, or dominates easily. The decision making and the politics part is the one that you should be looking for in this game.Also you get to be a flying dragon in the RTS section. Heck of a fun time"
,Recommended,243950,33784450,Posted: 25 July,all,Jambatti,something is missing there
76561198147407667,Recommended,243950,27747711,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,same,Real good
76561198025410191,Not Recommended,243950,8156096,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Xeon,RTS part is a joke.
76561198070220354,Not Recommended,243950,7855729,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Belal,"I wish I could get a refund on this game.... the combat is very generic, game should be $5, I bought it on sale half price and still feel ripped off..."
,Not Recommended,243950,10777091,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,AetherRose,"This game attempts to fuse three different styles of gameplay (RTS, TPS, Strategy) and they do a terrible job of every single one of those. The game also throws you into battle with hardly any advice or instruction on how to play, not to mention the overwhelming amount of micro and macro management right from the get-go. I don't often write reviews, and they're usually about four words. This game, however, did the especially terrible job."
,Not Recommended,243950,7761231,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Firecrest,"Did not like.  The concept was interesting, but the implementation was horrid.  The RTS portion of the game is probably the worst I've ever seen.  Really really wanted to like this game, but couldn't."
,Recommended,243950,10280901,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,✯𝕁𝕆ℍℕ 𝕎𝔼𝕊𝕂𝔼ℝ✯,"First of all let me say i was reluctand to buy this game because of the price tag but it seems i was wrong this game is far from perfect but its very good a solid purchase.As you may have heard the game splits into three sections one political simulation the second one a Risk strategy map and the last is the rts battles.I will start from worst to best,the worst part is the rts section the battles play too fast (believe me when i say this im an rts vet)couple this with the lack of a proper tutorial and a difficult unit management and you have a mess fortunately the game has auto resolve feature you select your generals to represent you in the battles.Risk style map lets you play good ol Risk with a new addition cards,cards can bolster your forces for the upcoming battles sabotage the movement of your enemies double your recources for a short while etc.Then you have buildings with strategic advantages more gold more cards per turn you need to think in this mode your enemies are smart and they gonna try get your undefended territories so you need to think a step ahead.The political simulation part  is where the game shines the most you are an emperor and you need to rule your empire its not an easy task you have to make choices such as homosexual couple marriage,tax the church,draft peasants etc your decisions will affect your standing with the races such as elves dwarves lizards imps undead but wait there's more every good emperor needs a wife to carry your offsprings and all that so you can choose one of the four princesses each with a completely different personality and carry out her wishes submit her to your will or even sacrifice her more power.RTS Score:5Risk map:7Political simulation:10Overall Score:8"
,Not Recommended,243950,9798915,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Chun Soo,Please dont buy this gameReally.... Dont
76561198103478128,Not Recommended,243950,8747830,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,almightypmj,"A lot of work was put into the character interactions, but I found the battles to be lacking both in playability and design."
,Recommended,243950,10009008,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Remco32,"Even though it falls weak in the RTS department, the diplomacy gameplay makes up for it.It really is an interesting game, that needed more polish and balancing. Halfway through the game, the only tactic you will use is to spam as much units as you can into enemy territory, and win."
,Not Recommended,243950,8751742,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Tia,"Repetitve simplistic rts, somewhat amusing flight sections, entertaining political scheming.4/10."
,Not Recommended,243950,9463449,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,herio,ya i think with this one the words  pc master race only  come to midit needs a lot of power knloalge i ran a lap top and it felt like it atavaly hate me  a good of how to play thses  kinds of games and a lol of   patience as it crashes and the carma seems to acat werid   this game is to big heavy and not frendly to enny one not in the pc master race ad its a shame it looked like a grate gamei recomend if the makers of this game plan to make more make a lighter vearson that loses the part  were you get to play as a dragon  as i found it   a inposable to eaven  to  work on my lap top
76561198047472235,Recommended,243950,8438812,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Shinrei,awesome gamemust play
,Recommended,243950,8649285,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Atom,"Good game but really wished it had lasted longer, it was two short for me."
76561197979953840,Not Recommended,243950,10074178,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,PRDi*Longmatys,The game lacks a tutorial. I played it for 3 hours and I did not enjoy it at all.
,Recommended,243950,8729701,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Tephlonx5,"I love it. I'm not particularly amazing at strategy games, but this game is great from all sides. The story is compelling, as well. Also, love the steampunk aesthetic they slipped into this game."
,Not Recommended,243950,34853240,Posted: 9 September,all,dEwidgeT,"I like well written political quandries in my games. But, when you are a few hours in and realize the game is going to beat you over the head with a certain narrative over, and over, and over, and over, and over, sometimes, that makes it unbearable.This game is an unbearable/10, and thats coming from a fan of the majority of this studios games.Not to mention the combat is trash."
,Recommended,243950,8311425,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Zintix,"A nice mix of RTS, politics and breathing down fire when you morph into a dragon, a lot of fun is to be had in this game"
76561198044010747,Recommended,243950,10931562,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Deandog2012,no
76561198066022068,Not Recommended,243950,29996420,Posted: 17 February,all,BOBTHEBUILDER,"Neat concept, poor execution.Bottom line is the RTS gameplay is bad and its the bulk of the game."
,Not Recommended,243950,31078229,Posted: 11 April,all,gutleib,"Concept is interesting.I'm not familiar with the setting, so, I didn't have any expectations.But whereas politics is erm... nice, the gameplay in overall is infuriating.Interface is buggy and slow, and in ""Dragon mode"" I've found myself struggling with keyboardmore than with enemy.tl;dr. Looks nice, doesn't deliver."
76561197990684404,Not Recommended,243950,7852403,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,TheCrazyness,"One of the worst made games ive ever played. Great dialog and story, horrible gamplay and execution."
76561198032707250,Not Recommended,243950,24723835,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Stoerfaktor,"This is one of the many games that tried to be a strategy game and a shooter and edingt up being bad at both.- Other than most of those games, it can be fun for a fiew battles and even has a good difficulty for pros and beginners.- The Camapain is a conquest mode that is filled with some interesting characters that build up your councils. Every now and than you have to solve ther issues or make politics between the battles. At first i really loved that, there are a few very distinct characters and the voice actors did a brilliant job. But there is a big issue in that:- THIS GAME IS PUSHING AN AGENDA: In the way the characters act and present their oppinions as well as in the Issues that are presented is a very clear undertone of regressive left feminism. i don't talk about the advocacy of womens rights feminists. I talk about that free speach hating mob, that denies facts and spread out lies like all man are sexist, all whites are racists and die 'killallwhiteman thing.- To be clear the games gives you everytime the option to choose otherwise, but the presentations makes it very clear what ""should be"" the right choice.Hopefully dragons will be flying free in the future and not being missused for toxic agendas."
76561197991793598,Recommended,243950,8055310,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Dcreeper,awesome.
76561197971954162,Not Recommended,243950,28192737,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,ShuRugal,"Massively annoying game.On the strategic level, the enemy starts off in control of all territories and, despite the story of many conflicting siblings, as a unified oponent.  Enemy has the resources to throw overwhelming numbers of troops into the fight each turn right from the start of the game.On the tactical level, when manually managing a fight, the enemy is almost perfectly efficient.  The AI is able to direct many groups of units simultaneously to accomplish different objectives, while at the same time managing troop construction and resources across the map.  The player, on the other hand, can only be in one place at a time, doing one thing at a time, and attempting to keep up with the AI in terms of capturing buildings and resources is impossible, by the time you have selected a unit, moved the camera across the map to the first thing you want to capture, moved the camera back and selected another unit, the enemy has placed troops on three sites.The only possible way to win a battle at any level is to steamroll the AI with vast numbers and/or overwhelmingly superior units.  Unfortunately, the AI starts off the game better equipped to do this than the player."
,Not Recommended,243950,16264628,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,^1Rust Host,♥♥♥♥♥peli 0/5
76561198104411931,Not Recommended,243950,20259064,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,localfriendly,"This game is dysfunctional, don't buy it. The RTS has gamebreaking bug renders the game not-playable. And you can't save mid game. All RTS games have save option, but this hybrid of bull♥♥♥♥♥♥has not, somebody was high while doing the hole redneck style.Please find the link herehttp://larian.com/forums/ubbthreads.php?ubb=showflat&Number=474590The bug aside, even if the game works, this game still sucks, there is no fun in it. Only a freak of a gamer enjoy all three gameplays in one single game. Beside, the interface is not self-explaintory The tutorial does little to explain the tatics, sim and real time strategy gameplay.In the Realt time strategy, the unit available work with rock paper scissors logic, much like in age of empire II. But the graphic and the gameplay mechanic makes it very uninteresting to track what your foe is producing to attack you. The whole experience is like learning to write musics without singing and playing an instrument.DON""T BE FOOLED BY THE FIRST PERSON DRAGON CONTROL in PIC, it plays very little role in the whole game. AND once you have it summoned in the game, you lose control of all your other units - unlike control mechanism in Warcraft 3 where you can control the hero unit AND all other unit at the same time.If you enjoy tatics, but don't like RTS, this sucks. If you like RTS, but can't do tatics, this game is a false promise. If you think that dragon is cool to look at, let it be clear that it's a porn actress which used to be a hairy man to straight men audioences - the hole is unfertily fake of digging and the boobs don't squirt milk.Don't buy this, unless you want to be screwed in mind and wallet."
76561198073357730,Not Recommended,243950,30910967,Posted: 2 April,all,capsized30,"wow, i feel like i am playing a strategy game that they imported the graphics and AI from a game made in the 90's."
76561198164930869,Not Recommended,243950,24413051,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,foobloo,"This is in my worst three strategy games I've ever played. The game was pitched to me as the off the field decisions were amazing but the strategy was lack luster. After playing the game for as long as I have, I'd say the off the field decisions are boring and clearly favor one way of thinking and the strategy (where the meat of the game is) is a disgraceful, tedious, afterthought.Don't buy this game! Not even on a sale."
76561198089308211,Not Recommended,243950,22288993,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Dark Wanderer,"Great game, but too damn difficult."
,Recommended,243950,7913967,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Doctorshaggy,Just get it. It was just amazing. Much fun. So wow.
,Not Recommended,243950,11299265,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Unsolicited Duck Pics,"Played for an hour, the game explains next to nothing about how to play or what's going on. Eventually decided it's not worth the time and frustration to figure it out, after it forced me to retreat without explaining why."
,Not Recommended,243950,26208950,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,gg unit,Have never been able to get the game to work on my PC. The game will start but the graphics glitch to the point you're just clicking at random.Haven't deleted it yet but I am also unfortunately optimistic.
76561198123937643,Not Recommended,243950,13195631,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Bash,Words cannot discrib how disappoited with this game i am. Dont get this game onsale or for anything.  The movie part of the game you can watch youtube for free and even that isn't good at all.  The RTS or lack of RTS is so dry unless you have never played rts games then you might enjoy it but for those that have you will be disappointed.  My advice is to click the tab where it says NoT Interested in the game queues and turn tail and run after reading this review.Don't get it onsale either not worth it 2/10 the points are the voice actors
76561197969458289,Not Recommended,243950,33593622,Posted: 16 July,all,Charok,boring
76561198041565318,Not Recommended,243950,8497004,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Alphamule,"Out of combat storyline and graphics are good, but the actual combat part is the worst I have ever seen. You have limited troops/resources, the AI does not. If you do not win each battle in the first 3 mins or less, you lose to overwhelming numbers. Horrible."
,Recommended,243950,24002889,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Donkey The Bard,Game of Thrones : Steampunk
76561198293269948,Not Recommended,243950,33669811,Posted: 20 July,all,mmystere,"very bad game and interface, the worst game i have ever seen in PCvery dissapponited...."
,Not Recommended,243950,11514972,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,m4n715,"I dunno, this game was super complicated and I felt like the interface didn't make any sense.  I got like an hour into it and felt as though I'd wasted my money."
,Recommended,243950,29993657,Posted: 17 February,all,711green,"I am a big fan of the divinity series.I liked the story of this one.Political and decisions are awesome too.But rts command is not so good. It is only about - capture asap and spam the enemy with units, assisting them here and there with your dragon.To be honest these battles were the worst experience in this game. I would be much happier without these.Still other positive sides such as graphic, soundtrack, political system and huge replayability allow me to recommend this game without any doubt."
76561197995842900,Not Recommended,243950,13486411,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Turbo,I wish I could get my money bsck.  Rarely have I been so disapointed in a game.
76561198072034010,Not Recommended,243950,25171742,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,bjornvermeulen4,its not well designed imo
76561198044100288,Not Recommended,243950,12119816,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,200dec,это гуано даже бесплатно не стоит внимания
,Recommended,243950,14957111,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,RetriButioN,1) Bought game for 8$2) Idled to get cards3) Sold cards for 0.30$4) Made -7.70$ profit-10/10 should've learned math instead
,Not Recommended,243950,8154906,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Al Djeafnte,"Everyone says that everything but the RTS is great.However, the RTS is incomprehensibly terrible."
76561198001933078,Not Recommended,243950,33391889,Posted: 8 July,all,kellmaclean,"When they say this game deals with politcal matters, for a game set in a steampunk renaissance era, I did not expect to have to deal with the idiotic matters of our current time! I dont want a game that insults everything I believe in and forces me to take paths that I would never agree with, simply to make digital races happy. I didnt want to play a heavily biased political statement on todays politics. I just wanted a game about a giant dragon!"
76561198049995507,Not Recommended,243950,10106162,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,adamkirchmann,The graphics in gameplay are horrible!
76561197994729886,Not Recommended,243950,8270878,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,AiDec,It`s not a good game :(
,Recommended,243950,347700,"Posted: 29 August, 2013",all,rojimboo,"Great mix of RTS and RPG.The voice acting is excellent with believable well written stories. During your journey you get  to play emperor and decide on political issues such as women's rights, science vs. religion, private sector subsidies, gay rights etc. but it is all done quite tastefully and not preachily. You can totally be a bigot if you like and the game doesn't really punish you, you just walk a different path. Which brings me to another point - replayability. You will want to see all the possible options in conversations - that's how enjoyable they are.Oh - and you get to be a dragon too."
76561197974842571,Not Recommended,243950,11371751,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,yacks,"- One big political propaganda game for the Gay and lesbian community, the potheads and those who believe in the religion of evolution.- More concerned with shoving modern day political references down your throat than providing a good game.- The dev who lead this game must be a huge libtard victrocrat of epic proportions.- I dont play videogames to reminded of all the garbage issues that are on the news. I want a game, and this game fails to do that. It destroys the immersion by irritating you with modern day politics.- The strategy map is horrid. You have to sit there for upwards of three minutes watching the boring AI move its units around. Zzzzzz lets go to sleep.I dont read responses, enjoy replying to the air."
,Recommended,243950,8601415,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Big Floppy,You play as a dragon and set things on fire.Starring Jane Fonda as king of the elves.
,Not Recommended,243950,12340139,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Palypso,Gamebreaking bugs
76561198082116411,Not Recommended,243950,13113625,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Austin_Exe,got it on 66% off i still feel ripped offforced charecter development
76561198031201473,Not Recommended,243950,34364704,Posted: 19 August,all,williwaggs,This game is extremely hard for no apparent reason. Even on easy mode you would be lucky to pass the tutorial.
76561198044355859,Not Recommended,243950,33085182,Posted: 1 July,all,Morwania,"Not what expected,and there was no sound in the game,boring."
76561198046675266,Not Recommended,243950,12268385,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Dustin,"The second expansion to Divine Divinity.I heard it's like a combination of Mass Effect and Risk, but I didn't see the resemblance.Just a crappy game where you stand still and talk in dialogue to random idiots on the ship, conquer different parts of the word and who know's what else, didn't bother to get any further.1/10"
,Recommended,243950,7363608,"Posted: 11 October, 2013",all,Wysteria,"Gaaaay :DBut anyway, it's a nice game. Diplomacy and stategy, step by step."
76561198018954838,Not Recommended,243950,27564761,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Greylupis,"I would not recommend this game for anyone who has a basic understanding of sociopolitical issues or that are easy to offend. The choices a player must make in this game during the ""Adviser"" cut scenes are way out of line in my opinion. One has to wonder what the developers were trying to accomplish by putting in dialogue that attempts to bring awareness to particular ""classes"" of people. There was no need to do so, and in my opinion it ruined this game. If Valve would allow me to remove it from my game inventory I would. Maybe I can convince them to let me pay for the privilege...."
76561197994281247,Not Recommended,243950,12847729,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Lespo,At first i was like OK its a game maybe is good. Then i was like NOPE.
,Not Recommended,243950,32895655,Posted: 27 June,all,tballa12,No 4k Support
76561198058324472,Recommended,243950,9859373,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Fluzzroz,"Amazing game!It's really 4 games in 1 in which everything you do in one affects how easy/hard the next part will be.So far the story is captivating, the characters have depth and the politics are full of surprises!This game is like Civilisation, but where it takes forever to achieve anything at Civ, DDC switches to another mode and keeps it really engaging!This game is also like StarCraft, but when in SC your army is about to get cruched, DDC allows you to swith to a Third Person Shooter and turn the tables!Also, unlike these two other games, as well as 90% of the games out there, you actively participate in the story in between missions.The first time I opened this game I intented to play 5 minutes just to see how it was... My wife had to pry me away from the screen with a crowbar 10 hours later!"
76561198066276626,Recommended,243950,10626094,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Anomaly,"Great mix of 3rd person, classic RTS and turn based strategy. The campaign is interesting and holds your attention for ¾ of the story but after that is it the same thing over and over.  It’s the perfect game to keep you entertained for a good 50 hours, but not much longer after that."
,Recommended,243950,10646497,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Top Jack,"Think risk with a jetpack wearing weredragon, what more do you need!"
76561198068446016,Recommended,243950,10478223,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,bearofg,"This would be a great game if it had tighter gameplay. This has nice story, good direction, good ideas, but the gameplay simply is not very good. The dragon gimmic lasts only a short while and I found my self not useing it toward the end."
76561198047899520,Recommended,243950,10463099,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,kiltwearer3,"This is one of the few games that takes several generic formulas of RTS, SIM, Turn Based and air combat and mixes them all Togethor like a molotov cocktail is proud of it. Word Of Warning though, CHeck your computer to see if it can handle it...My first try with it was lagging so badly and poorly that It left a bad aftertaste for a little while.Combat with AI is generic (as do the units in terms of looks) and isn't changing much. Plus, It does have a Massive Learning Curve in terms using your unit's special abilities as well as your own. This with a very poor (in my mind) A.I. makes it okay...had it been simplified with the abilities and the enemy smarter...I would difinately try to get every one of my freind's who like RTS's.The Things that make this game (for me anyway atleast) work is both the dragon combat and your time spent on your hanger as a kingWhenever I was dragon, I felt like a badass taking down Dozens of enemys with fire (though I would reccomend a small tutorial or even a clip on how it works or just practice. I would not mind seeing a variation of something like that as a game.Meanwhile, as a king, you lead your people (undead, Elves, Dwarves, Lizard folk, Imps and humans) to victory as well as interacting with your generals and your advisors  and your queen (who you can choose) on modern political issues (Euthanasia, Enviromentalism, Freedom of speech..ETC.) Along with upgrading your forces and yourself with spells and mechcanical upgrades for your war machince. Being king makes you feel the burden of what you do and have an effect on the world around you as they are effected (equal pay means you lose more money while gaining more motivation, becomming a republic means people like you but face harder challanges.)I Love this game and had an absoulute ball. thier are many different twists and turns that are involved that I can't not reccomend  even with it's faults. If you like the idea of being a king and a Flying dragon badass...This is for you.Hail To The King Baby!"
,Recommended,243950,10465516,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Pasko,"A tad short, but if you can get used to the hybrid RTS and shoot em up control scheme, you wont regret buying this game!"
76561198019288859,Recommended,243950,10424052,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,wehave2teeth,Get this game you can marry an elf then sacrifice her for POWER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,243950,3710776,"Posted: 17 August, 2013",all,Blueplzz,"Beautiful, Fun, Amazing music"
76561198042025565,Recommended,243950,10591334,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Commander-Hoss,"dragonz amazing recommended for anyone who wants a cool game withan interesting world , and dont let my 2 hours foll who , i spent several days last summer playing this with little sleep :). ps my wife drugged the counsel"
76561197978723545,Recommended,243950,10735173,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,gove,"Control your armies, make political choices, tell your generals where to fight.... Oh did i forget be a freaking DRAGON and burn your enermies beneath your furious dragon breath.So much fun, play this game or a dragon will eat you.... or something..."
,Recommended,243950,10737723,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Myrdinn,"The Good: everything but the RTS. Reminds me a bit of the early days of the Total War series (but a touch more casual than that line).The Bad: the RTS element... needs a bit of work.Recommend? Heck yes. Love the humor, the voice work, and the decisions in the game. Wish I could customize the maps, or there was a map builder app. I'd also love a ""no RTS, but fly around as the dragon in one of your zones"" mode.In general, nice game that now has me very curious about the developer."
76561198026709667,Recommended,243950,10168442,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Lord Iguana,"Very well thought out game. All the elements flow togeather nicely. The combat controls, although a tough initial chalenge to master when swapping from over head tactical to 3rd person dragon mode, works well with practice.Definitly recommend playing your first run through on easy to get the hang of the controls before going for a full game on normal.However this is a fun game with rewarding choices and awesome characters that you actually care about through out the ship stage. Also many tough decisions, often times you will have to chose between what you think is right, and what will make people happy.Really enjoyed this one and would reccomend it to anyone who likes RTS games.8/10 for its blend of games types, that merge so well togeather"
76561197994006586,Not Recommended,243950,7837371,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Terrorance,"Not going to say the worst game ever, but definately had a high cost vs enjoyment ratio. It is an RTS, and not overly original at that. High priced alpha that wasn't marketed as such."
76561198037402346,Recommended,243950,10712936,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,lucky-dutch,"Its a mix of a card game, strategy, 3rd person shooter and politics in one game perfectly combined."
76561198128597689,Recommended,243950,10061880,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Silver Page,"This game is fun, though it has some flaws and issues. The main problem being you need a mouse, as some of the RTS combat involves commands require ""Scroll Wheel"" ""Middle Button,"" Etc. Not too big a problem for laptop players as these are somewhat unneeded overall, but do limit how well you can see the battlefield at any one time.Another is short playing time. I have reached the final chapter after 8 hours of playing. Not bad, but some of it seemed rushed, especially after I spent an hour or two figuring out the game mechanics (the tutortial is limited to the RTS section, not the rest of the gameplay such as diplomacy, army building, etc.)The game is enjoyable, with semi-diplomacy mechanics, some interesting choices for how to interact with your advisors, wife, and generals, and the fact you get to blow up steam punk war-machines as a dragon wearing a jetpack.Solid 8/10, definately worth it for some, but others might wait for a deal to purchase."
76561198048562434,Recommended,243950,5363734,"Posted: 15 August, 2013",all,Mr Orgasmo,this game is alot of fun dont hold back get this game
76561198035687714,Recommended,243950,9668459,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,MrTibss,"This game managed to hit some good notes for me, in that it made me feel like a general and an emporer which i havnt seen many games do. i always wanted to see a game that combines empire building mechanics and a war game stratagy aspect, and while this doesnt give me exactly the full package, it certainly does very well at what it wants to do. all the characters are interesting and fun to talk to, even the ones that annoy you. i couldnt really get ahold of the real time battles myself, but their entirely optional so i never had to worry about that much. overall, its a pretty cool fun expiriance which i havnt seen much anywhere else"
76561198029671526,Recommended,243950,10024303,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Final_Defender,"This game is the epitome of mixing RPG-style choices with Campaign board strategy AND traditional strategy gameplay. The choices that you make in the RPG sections, the upgrades you go with, the land that you take, everything factors into how the game will play out. Will you be a misogynyst and say that women don't get paid the same as men, thus being richer BUT at the same time losing morale, or have equal pay, increasing morale but lowering your money amount?This game is fun, and the RPG decisions are variations of real world issues that are hot-button topics, watching the scenes play out is fun.The game is a good value at $20.00 as well because it is definitely worth multiple playthroughs, not only for the decisions you have to make, but there are 5 different queens to choose from!Check it out, you wont regret it."
76561197992078309,Recommended,243950,10024339,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Darkteku,oh god yes if you like risk mixed with an rts then this game is for you at first i had no idea what was going on but its fairly simple and then the fun begins... this is a great game to start getting into if you want to good start in RTS games in my opinion i love this game so many different out comes to where the story can change. hope they come with another dragon commander. story line could have been a little longer but then again i did rush the game lol. but it play and replay it as many times as you want to get every different outcome i give this game a 9.5 out of 10
76561197993268038,Recommended,243950,10024835,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Thanatos,"It's a hybrid RTS/Civ/Risk strategy game where between turns you wander around your base listening to ambassadors cry and beg for you to support their proposals.It's a simplistic RTS.  It's a simplistic strategy game.  But you get to fly around the maps as a dragon with a jetpack on and help your troops, which really makes up for all of it.Also it's disturbingly entertaining hearing the ambassadors and your generals reactions when you support or deny them.  And someone is always denouncing your hilariously no matter what you do."
76561197962001763,Recommended,243950,8173504,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,[CUC] Funiculus,"A fair if somewhat unvaried RTS with a surprisingly level of political/RPG decision making going on between battles.  It's definately different and strives to be an interesting departure from the usual genre staples.  It does have some interesting design and style as well; I really liked the ""Steampunk"" look of the game.  Worth trying out?  Yeah; it's not fantastic, but it's better than average and on sale, it's worthwhile."
76561198008629870,Recommended,243950,8373693,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Denazon,"Amazing game, combines so many genres into one game from RPG to RTS to 3rd person combat. Great storyline and a load of fun to play."
76561198027117855,Recommended,243950,8373791,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Clint Eastwood,"Awesome game! Unique politics, unlike any other game I've played. Great RTS battles, becoming a dragon can really change the tides of battle. You can even command your army WHILE you are a dragon, which is awesome. I was skeptical before I bought this, but it proved to be everything I wished for and more! The map expansion an conquest is well made. If you enjoy conquering territories through battle, changing the world through policies, political relations and laws, leading massive armies into battle and becoming a bad♥♥♥♥♥dragon to really join in the fight; then this is the game for you! 10/10 in my book! Really phenominal game! Unlike any other!"
,Recommended,243950,7711287,"Posted: 21 November, 2013",all,*-Dragon-* MrXLink,"Remember Age of Mythology? Yeah, it's been that long since there's been an RTS game of such quality. Divinity: Dragon Commander reaches awfully close to these borders of my personal most favourite RTS game. Combine this with a huge Risk-like Grand Strategy mode and there, it hit the spot. I am not (read: try not to be) overly biased due to the fact that this game allows you to turn into a DRAGON, aiding your troops by supporting, attacking and even commanding unit production, direction and spawning at the very same time.Honestly, I do like the complicated RTS games nowadays. Think of Civ V and so on. However, such games attempt to cram complex mechanics, charts and resources all into one complicated game mode. This can work out really well, but the power in Dragon Commander's RTS mode lies not in its complexity. More like its simplicity.In total, there are but 13 units that can be created, balancing each other out quite reasonably, and each having the possibility of being upgraded thrice. One main resource, a population cap, building sites and some natural obstacles. Although this may sound quite basic (which it is), the actual gameplay proves to be very interesting and many different strategies apply. Plus, the Dragon is a massive gamechanger. Dragon mode can either save your life or ruin it because of improper microing while being one. 3 Dragons with their own abilities fight for the additional variety.Not only does the simply epic Dragon mode, a USP that's been praised to the heavens, contribute to the most valuable aspects of the game; the strategy mode (which is basically RISK combined with cards and special abilities) and especially the single player campaign also make this game as epic as it is.In single player, not only do you have to fight your enemies in strategy mode as well as RTS mode, but the entire storyline around Dragon Commander demands that you will take on the right to make important political, moral and economical decisions that have direct impact on gameplay factors such as research, currency, abilities, luck, popularity etc. There are always races disagreeing with you. After all, being the emperor of a world housing undead, elves, imps, dwarves and lizards is bound to cause conflicts that will always have adverse and beneficial effects at the same time. Now it is up to you to keep the balance right. Give it a try, it's not as easy as you may think.In conclusion, I'd say that Dragon Commander is a surprisingly effective game regarding gameplay and mechanics, sadly quite underpopulated on multiplayer ends. Narrative-wise, the game is very immersive and allows for quite the suspension of disbelief. The characters in singleplayer (like our ultimate posh friend general Edmund) as well as the models and environment in the entire game look astonishing for its genre. Not that much lag issues in multiplayer, and if there are people online it's quite fun to challenge each other. With a blend of RTS and TBS/Grand Strategy, and the addition of your personal touch of Dragon, invoking challenging and innovative strategy gameplay, I'd most definitely say it is worth acquiring this game. It is expensive, I give you that, but it's most certainly not a disappointment. In fact, it's quite the gem."
76561198006416682,Recommended,243950,9897259,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,DoomyDoom,"A nice break from everyday 4X strategies. If you're looking for a fun experience blasting stuff away inbetween strategy segments, try this one out. As  a side bonus, a universe with a decent sence of humour will keep you in good spirits."
,Not Recommended,243950,9905538,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,DrFusion3000,"this game suffers from a horrific lack of ""auto-cast."" pretty simple. loads of units have individual powers which are very advantageous, but lets face it, we got this game so we could fly around the battle field as a dragon and kill stuff. that's not conducive to the kind of mico management you need to make best use of said abilities. as it is the game is frustratingly difficult on medium. I wanted to give a positive review as i like the things larian studios has been doing lately, i love the story and strategic elements to this game, the tactical portion needs work. until they fix some of the mechanics i'd say wait for a really low sale."
76561198033016979,Not Recommended,243950,9782195,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Furious George,"This game tries to do to many things, and doesn't do any of them that well.  The RTS aspect is weak due to having to control your dragon form while commanding troops (which is overly swarm-tactic simplistic).  If the troops were on auto pilot while you commanded the dragon, I would like the game a lot more.The empire building risk-like part of the game, which I normally love in games, is boring and heavily favors your enemies.The story and politics of the world seems amazing, which was the part I was the most excited about.  The gameplay was so bad though that I didn't want to spend the time to finish it."
,Recommended,243950,9782598,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,007Austin,"It's like Total War, except during the battles you get to fly around as a dragon. If you like flying around as a dragon with a jetpack for turbo boosts in flight and showering foes in flames and acid, then I highly recommend this game. You also get to make some silly political decisions, but they don't have too big of an impact on the game. With support from the elves, I decided to legalize weed. Apparently, you also get to choose a wife but I haven't gotten that far in the game yet. And you can tell from the screenshots, but the graphics are gorgeous."
,Recommended,243950,3187570,"Posted: 6 August, 2013",all,Penguijelly,This is literally the best RTS I have ever played just take your average basic RTS and press R to turn into a dragon and take matters into your own hands it combines the flash RTS game ultimate war orcs dwarves fighting along with FABLE 3 after you become king and make diplomatic decisions about your country.....but all seriousness turn into a dragon BA.
76561198089234682,Not Recommended,243950,9773879,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,fahad.ahsan,"The game has a decent setting but is too fast paced for one to enjoy the game-play in strategy mode. In the RTS portion of the game, its about the trick of the scenario not too intuitive. Plus they could have worked on refining the story a bit.I would still recommend this game because of the multiplicity of elements but its easy to get bored by the middle as it becomes repetitive."
,Recommended,243950,7492063,"Posted: 27 October, 2013",all,Sabecius,"Okay, so...a Dragon that has a jet pack that breaks the sound barrier in less than a second.  That should be enough for a person to purchase this game.  Oh it also helps that this game is brilliantly written, wonderfully voice acted also helps.  Deal with political issues that we are trying to figure out in this fantasy wrold such as; Gay marragie, and government halthcare and much, much more. Add some RTS elements (even though it feels a bit repeatative) and you got your self a fun game that should have been given more attention that it did.  I would give it a 9/10."
76561198026003854,Not Recommended,243950,9790452,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Guilty44,This game is fin in idea but bad in action.the dragon mode is actually worthless as you will die in seconds in a battle and barly does any damage in a mass battle.stay in the RTS map and always go auto battle with a high chance of winning and during the actuall battle its self the ai will not only produce units faster than you but where you are limited to the population of the map the Ai has a nearly infinite amout of population on its side.the game starts you off with you main city where the AI has 2 main recorce centers and 2 extra lands for cash you already you are staring off on a back step aginst the AI that you can never recover from.The AI will produce units faster than you and do recearch on units faster then you.the only good thing of this game comes from the story choices you get inbetween battles.
76561198019443298,Recommended,243950,9811209,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Ko'aer Stormpaw,"I don't write reviews often but this game is simply fun. It basically takes a very simple RTS style game and blends it in with Drakenguard style combat. the storyline has been a ton of fun. Memorable NPCs, a Risk style world map in which you can used turn gained income to have pre-deployed troops. research too make your dragon and troops better while unlocking new troops. It's main unique aspect is that it takes aspects of a variety of games in different categories and blends them together. Definitely worth your money, especially if you catch it on a steam sale like I did."
,Recommended,243950,9802649,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,arcanumveritas,"I've been enjoying it ... Its a lot of funStoryline is a bit predictable, politics amusing, combat at times rudimentary, but dragon form is great.RTS while in Dragon Mode still needs some work.about 20hrs to finish the campaign ... not sure if I want to play multiplayer ... think I'm done nowstill it was worth the money while on special."
,Not Recommended,243950,9818658,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,SaintGerald,"I just tried it, and I'm glad I didn't pay full price. Basically it's a Bad RTS Game that lets you turn into a Dragon. I have to waste so much time fiddling with bad RTS mechanics to have any fun as my dragon form though. So I'm already sick of this game, all I wanted was a Starfox/Dragon Rider game, where I get to fly around killing stuff as a dragon while my army moves itself, and I can merely take over command temperarily. I just wanted it to be more like a REAL war. You know were you don't control every little unit but you do make the big decisions as the leader.Basically in simple Terms I wanted to feel like a Dragon Commander on a Battle Field. NOT an RTS with a stranger hero unit with bad controls."
76561197995294824,Not Recommended,243950,9793897,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Rhyxivar,"Frankly I feel a bit ripped off, the parts on the ship are fun and the characters are nicely rendered. But the RTS element is just plain awful. So much so that I wish I could auto battle every fight. The RTS controls are so clunky that choosing your troops while in dragon mode would probably require a third hand. The RTS graphic are near prehistoric and belong on the PS1. If the game was only composed of the things inside the ship I would have been much happier, the voice acting and charater design were top notch. However as it stands it's a primitive, below average RTS wrapped in pretty RPG robes.I disinstalled after 2 hours of gameplay, life is too short."
76561198052271036,Not Recommended,243950,9798450,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,myarmor,"I guess I should've noticed that this was 90% RTS, and the remaining 10% isn'tparticulary interesting. I see RTS as a downside as I'm more into RPG, ARPGand JRPG's, hence I don't recommend it if you aren't very accustomed to RTS'ssuch as Starcraft or similar.The controls, especially in RTS mode takes a long while to get used to, or soI think, I still can't remember them."
76561198036987701,Recommended,243950,9444063,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,azomarite,"Like several others have said, the emperor sim part of the game is the most fun by far, the RTS aspect is average at best. I feel that it is somewhat difficult to command troops as well as fight in dragon commander mode however and usually just play the game as a normal RTS base building like C&C. Overall a fun game, but the RTS battles are more of a drag for me than a plus that detract from the overall game."
,Recommended,243950,18859110,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,NoOnesWord,"An excellent combination of rts, rpg, and turn-based strategy games. Political choices and personal interactions influence the wider world, leaving behind a legacy from your character. Auto-resolve allows you to delegate the responsibilities of battle to your army, or to your extremely skilled generals. Alternatively, you may lead your forces personally in one battle per round, inspiring and protecting your troops, demoralizing and demolishing your enemies, all in your resplendent draconic glory.Politics allows you to gain greater advantages in your territories, while giving an idea of what actual political decisions are like, as someone will always dislike you for the decision you make.While the game could also be called an rpg for the storyline that centers on your character, roleplay takes a backseat to  battle and expansion. However, for what the game is, the roleplay is nicely done, allowing you to flesh out your character's likes, dislikes, and opinions through political decisions and character interactions. The relationships between you and your spouse can be particularly rewarding.All in all, this isn't a game for players expecting a hardcore version of any of the genres it's composed of, but an excellent choice for anyone who enjoys a variety in their games...and those with fantasies of ruling a vast empire with an iron fist."
,Recommended,243950,18879994,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,mako iwa,"Interesting political RPG elements littered throughout the progression of the game. Dodgy RTS sections that make sodium levels shoot through the roof. If you're in for a challenge and a time-waster, pick it up if it's on sale. You can usually find it in a humble bundle or during holiday sales for <$10."
76561198065404468,Recommended,243950,6396998,"Posted: 24 September, 2013",all,Lornith,A very fun strategy game. Has elements from some of the best in the genre. Such as the map and the ability to auto-resolve battles from Total War when you dont feel like leading the battle. Also the ability to become a directly controled dragon is incrediably fun as well.
76561198010926987,Recommended,243950,18796918,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,The Dude,Greatest incarnation of Risk ever!Do not let the screenshots fool you. The RTS battles you will soon auto-resolve because what the game really is about is solving funny political strives between the 5 races and influence the fate of your generals and your hopefully loving wife.(Every decision has influence on your standing with each races which influences the amount of reinforcements you get in defense battles in their lands)Oh there is that strategy map minigame that you will play from time to time but what will you tell the Elves if they want to forbid Imps from having families bigger than 5 members and will you stop the undead in their religion driven rampage againts the sculptures of a lesbian artist?10/10 would order my general to take responsibility for that bombed undead kindergarden again.
,Recommended,243950,18940676,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,YzXmpWROdZ3AHsuZ,✔
,Recommended,243950,18957951,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,DolphinFodder,Needs a few DLCs and also needs to be cheaper...the game is great but not worth £30.
76561198048620799,Recommended,243950,18311930,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Ice,"Although the RTS parts are a little dogy, the Risk type game board, political disecions and card game eliments are all awsome and make the not amazing RTS parts not even noticed. Its a great game and gets my approval for being so brave to try something new."
76561198003607461,Not Recommended,243950,2181974,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,[MCG] Merrik Blackwater,"DO NOT BUY!. This game is bad. The game play is shallow, the rts aspect is point and click, the strategy is like a dumbed down version of risk on a dumbed down scale. The story is nonexistant, the characters are 1 dementional. NOTHING like the other divinity games."
,Recommended,243950,2437515,"Posted: 6 August, 2013",all,Diethyl,"GOTY 10/10Didn't even need dragons, they're just the icing on the cake. Very well build, extremely fun, would recommend. Devs deserve all the support they can get."
76561198196261967,Recommended,243950,18089611,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Drakeloyal,great fun strategy game fun dragon combat great characters and enjoyable political choices
,Recommended,243950,18336225,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Ninjaflips,"I found the 'Overworld' gameplay fun; Management of armies and map control is fairly similar to the Total-War series and the politics and character interactions were somewhat interesting.The backstory was alright; a little quirky and mildly amusing as most stories by Larian Studios tend to be.The RTS portion of the game was a bit lacking and felt a bit non-sensical overall, though I'm no RTS expert so I won't delve too deep into that. Apart from a few practice attempts in the RTS mode, I played through the entirety of the game in the 'Overworld' mode which is thankfully possible, atleast on the lower-middle difficulties.5/10 Recommended because I like Larian and am somewhat familiar with their games, would suggest purchasing on sale if you're not a huge fan of the genre or unfamiliar with the company."
,Recommended,243950,17810605,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,생선벼,"The politics is where this game is at. The RTS elements are pretty weak, it's mostly a case of having more guys than your opponent and if that's not the case you better be a good dragon. Using the Dragon a lot makes it more of a bullet hell game especially in the bigger battles, but as I said the replayability of this really comes from the choices you make and the nations you choose to appeal to, the exaggerated characters and the dialogue is worth diving back into this game for just to see how your council will react if you side with someone else this time.It's simple, but it's a worthwhile experience."
76561198015885423,Recommended,243950,16682069,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Faiir,"RTS-RPG-TPP-Turn based strategy - such a mix shouldn't work, but here it does!"
76561198143645199,Recommended,243950,17885763,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,HQdog12,"soars through air shooting fire balls and ordering troops to death charge""good, good"""
76561198004835715,Not Recommended,243950,17921858,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,nem3sis,"The developers need to include a good tutorial. The idea of reading in game help files is so archaic. If you are willing to spend some time on learning the nuances then great, else might as well spend your money somewhere else."
76561197977835274,Recommended,243950,768713,"Posted: 18 August, 2013",all,ChubbyNinja,nifty game. highly recommend if you liked divinity 2.
,Recommended,243950,16520414,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,iScrE4m,It's a shame the campaign is relatively short
,Recommended,243950,13845755,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,W2kOfFZ,"A very nice effort from Larian which would have been even better if they'd just spent a bit more time on making the parts fit together. I love the blend of RTS/TBS with dragon combat and political chat'em'up. The RTS segments feel like a dumbed-down version of Supreme Commander - it looks like whoever has the most units wins at first, but it's entirely possible to beat terrible odds using clever tactics and some units (Juggernauts) are massively overpowered, which lets you exploit the mechanics to great effect. Dragon combat is satisfying without being so effective as to completely dominate every battle. Unfortunately the AI is prone to abusing the cheap spellcaster units and there is no effective counter. I had to auto-resolve some battles where my army was superior on paper, because I could not win otherwise.This brings me to the greatest single weakness of the game - the way battles are resolved on the strategy map. You can only personally manage one battle per turn, which is fair - that's what your generals are for. But then, despite having four of them, you can only use one per turn. Are the rest of them drunk at the bar, or what? Furthermore, the effect of using a general is paying a flat fee for a slightly increased chance-to-win, nothing else. They don't gain levels, their dialogue doesn't change and there's no risk of them dying if they fail. Essentially, all four generals could have been replaced, strategy-wise, with a once-per-turn bonus of 10-20%. A terrible waste of an otherwise very promising feature.This would not have been so bad if auto-resolve (when neither you nor a general is available) was anywhere close to realistic, but it doesn't take the actual map or unit composition into consideration at all. Units with NO anti-air capability will have a non-zero chance of defeating flyers, ships may greatly influence the outcome of auto-resolve whereas the actual map is laid out so that you can't use ships offensively. In effect, auto-resolve ends up being used when you have no choice because you're out of battles for that turn, or to get out of having to deal with broken mechanics (like mass spellcasters).Continuing with the strategy part of the game, I love the board game setup with the cards to make things a bit more unpredictable, but it's unfortunately *much* too easy. Playing on Normal (I shudder to think what Casual mode is like!) I was easily able to build up such a strong economy in chapter two that by the finale, I was maxed out on research and could simply buy enough units to steamroll the enemy throughout. The AI never attacks you where you don't expect and will often willfully engage in battles it has <10% chance of winning, wasting units.It must sound like I'm not recommending this game but I actually greatly enjoyed most of the RTS battles, the population mechanic (where you can only build so many units in a match) and the fixed building sites make for more dynamic and fast-paced gameplay than most RTS:es, turtling it out in your base is simply not an option although it may be a viable short-term strategy. The maps are well-designed and the visuals are good. Nice bright colors make your units stand out in the detailed terrain, and when zooming out the units are represented by simple icons (another thing that is brilliant, and reminds me of SupCom).Adding to the enjoyment is the part in-between battles, where you manage the politics of your empire. The dialogues are humorous, the characters quirky and interesting - it's always a treat to find out what they're going to suggest. Weighing your personal views against what would be the most strategically sound decision for your empire makes for a different type of challenge - I am sure many players will already have a principled stand on an issue like women's rights, but what do you do when giving both sexes the same pay will put a significant strain on your war economy? For the record, I ended up playing liberal/capitalist, meaning I sided with the elves and dwarves most of the time, made the feminists happy-ish and I still ended up with approval over 75% with everyone. So there you go.You'll notice I've spent almost none of this review talking about the story. That's because there really isn't one. You will see bits of one in barely-animated cutscenes and you can listen to some dreary exposition from Maxos the Wizard if you so desire, but it's laid on paper-thin and has nothing to do with gameplay. In fact - it seems to have been written completely separate from the game itself! At one point, Maxos tells you in horror that the powerful demon he had been using to power your flagship has broken free. Yet the ship is still running just fine and the demon's still down there, business as usual! Another time, you're asked whether you want to start allowing women to serve in your army. But at that point you already have TWO female generals and some of your combat vehicles are very obviously piloted by women! Best to simply ignore the story completely unless you want to be bothered by contradictions.In summary, I recommend this game if you are in the mood for heaps of casual RTS action with a sprinkle of very enjoyable dragon combat and some political intrigue to keep things interesting. If you prefer your RTS complex and your story deep, look elsewhere. For the 17 hours it took me to play through, I consider my money well spent."
,Recommended,243950,13718883,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,King Cheg,"What is wrong with this game?-RTS sections are pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥poor-Enemy leaders are nothing more than names(Should have had more development)-The map for the turn based strategy sections is pretty boring-It is EXTREMELY short in my opinion(I auto-resolved a lot of the RTS battles but it was because again ""RTS sections are pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥poor"")And after all this, what is left?One of the most enjoyable experiences I have ever experienced!The diplomacy element that most turned based strategies games isn't focused on your enemies. Everyone is a warmonger in this game. The focus is put onto leaders for different races! Often between the combat sections, you will meet in a sort conference room with leaders from each race and they will all give there opinions on different topics that reference real life issues. It's the most fun being in a position of power and choosing who to support and who not to support and seeing the consequences with the different races having different opinions about you.And all the characters you meet are so well developed and entertaining. This includes your generals, the race leaders, your potential brides(Ophelia!~<3), and a few general crew members(Pretty sure just a wizard and your mechanic)So if you're like me, prefering characters over gameplay, this is a must have for you!"
76561198021602757,Recommended,243950,14078446,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Sir Fondlebottom,"Like starcraft, but with political decisions and skeleton waifus. good game"
76561198089328708,Recommended,243950,17383994,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Johnny Rico,i'm not one for RTS games but this one lets you command from the front lines :D
76561198058473669,Recommended,243950,16903978,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,BrownBread,Ends too soon
,Recommended,243950,17712301,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Master M,"Great game, worst part is rts which is both not that bad + skippible. Do you like dragons? Jetpacks? Rulling an empire? Sacrificing your wife and subjects to a demon for unlimeted power? If you said yes to any of those questions,  buy this game.9.5/10"
76561197991333976,Recommended,243950,17731967,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Valentin,"Dragon commander is an excellent game.Where it simplifies it does so in deference to added complexeties in other regions.All troops are the same, all factions are effectively equivalent. Research adds a bit of differential between factions, but that's it.Otherwise there's a nice political subgame with options for making broad imperial decisions the ramifications of which have an effect on gameplay, and intereactions with a characterized crew/cabinet.Much of the game can be played simply auto-resolving battles and your generals come in handy for just that (though their wages are insane). Each turn you can take control of a RTS battle and take to the skies as your dragon. Various upgrades for your dragon can make it a game changing leader, a strike bomber, a support healer, or a mix therein.This game is slick, it's pretty, it's the best execution of this kind of gimmick since Sacrifice.Multiplayer will add a great deal to its replayability if you can get some friends to play with.You're likely to get 15 odd very pleasant hours out of this game and then if you're like me you're likely to come back to it to see other princesses etc. (P.S. No gendering options are present. You are male and you are afforded chattel princesses.)Also the music is just great, if a smidge repetetive. I found it good enough to tolerate that repetition readily.8/10"
,Recommended,243950,7623004,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,Timbre Tone,"This game is a real mixed bag. No one single element in it really stands out. Even the game's core RTS gameplay is only passable at best if taken on it's own. Yet Dragon Commander is far greater then the sum of it's parts. A crafted mixture of emmerstion, characters, storytelling, and strategy makes the overall experience with this game as enjoyable as it is unexpected."
76561198043773879,Recommended,243950,7780954,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Thannak (La Papa Grande),"Despite the huge amount of content cut from the game, I still really enjoy it.FPS RTS with a political edge and a romance twist!You know you wanna marry the skeleton princess."
76561198141323222,Recommended,243950,16815882,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Dragonfire,This is one of the best games i have ever played.I got it on sale for 10 bucks. I think it is great for that price. I  love this type of game.
,Recommended,243950,16629778,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,L@ZeRg20555,"Absoloutely a 10/10 game. The prefect mixture of a rivetting campaign, snappy dialogues, RTS + dragon knight simulation. Excellent music, perfect voice acting, wonderful gameplay and story, i coulld go on...."
76561197966486738,Recommended,243950,16431633,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Victor Von Laser,"This is a solid game. It has a lot of irons in the fire design-wise, but you, the player, are certainly not going to feel overwhelmed. Just sit back and enjoy your visual novel with a side of Axis and Allies and a dash of C&C.The RTS combat is nothing to write home about, but not a dealbreaker either. Unitspam is the name of the game, but except in rare circumstances you either win or lose in 15 minutes, so it's not long enough to be tedious. The interesting part is that you can only fight one RTS battle per turn, and for any other combats you've got to trust your generals/cards/the dice gods. This makes you choose things carefully in the map portion of the game, because there's only one battle per turn where you can come out against formidable odds (remember, the bad men have cards too).What you're really here for though is the little political simulator you've got going on with these cookie-cutter-yet-adorable characters in their steampunk outfits. What other game is going to have an elf and a skeleton man trying to sway you on whether or not gay marriage should be legal, or make you choose whether to send the lizardman with a monocle or the man with the brass robot arm to go peacekeep some cult-infested town?"
,Recommended,243950,16021931,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,紫色宇航员,I wish this game had mods...
76561198013674011,Recommended,243950,13752044,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Monkeybandit,"While probably not the best game you'll ever play (even on easy mode the AI is as agressive as hell, recommended strategy is agression in turn via attacking (base building and army building isn't much of an option when you taking personal charge of the battle) I'd say the characters steal the show between the personalities and problems of your generals, the ambassadors and the political unrest they bring, and the princesses with their own problems.If you choose to battle it out then I recommend using auto-resolve for the most part.  While a bit on the tedious side (you do have a option to skip said auto battles) you have the option of leaving it to your troops or be headed by one of your generals (Warning:  For each phase of conflict you can only take charge of a battle and/or use a general only -once-, the rest will have to be resolved to your troops in auto resolve.  I.e. if there are four battles between your empire and an enemy then you can only, at most, take command once, have a general lead the charge once, and the rest is handled by the army.  (Warning:  You have to pay your generals to fight on your behalf and their price only goes up with each conflict (their prices do go down after a period of disuse)."
,Recommended,243950,15936580,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Raven Ebonscale,Not the best rts ever made but one of the most intresting. The gameplay dosen't does not feel well rounded the rts ascpect isnt the best it servicable at best.The tbs is the same way but where the game shins is its diplomacy. You get to solve problems for your growing empire either by upvoting or down voting bills or side quest for your generals or queen. This really fleshes out the enitre world and makes you care about what you are fighting for. Its dedffinatly a gamw you should check out if your a fan of rts games. also you get a to play as a dragon with a jet pack A DRAGON WITH A JET PACK!!!!!
76561198076754663,Recommended,243950,15554120,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,hpets11,"This game is a mix of just about everything! Turn-based war tactics, real-time strategy, first person fighting, upgrade-purchasing, card-collecting, diplomacy, moral choices, and a fun set of characters. I wont say that Dragon Commander does any one thing particularly amazingly, but everything works well enough for this to be a very fun game!"
,Not Recommended,243950,15599109,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Mr. Bucket™,TLDR - Would not recommend for the gameplay or strategy but the characters and voice acting is great. And I kind of love the Divinity lore/world so if you've played other divinty games you'll hear familiar lore and great characters. The gameplay though - is just not that good.
76561198048556706,Recommended,243950,15631689,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,thewhiteknuckle,"Alright, so the Divinity series (and their creators, Larian) have no idea what the bleeding hell they're doing. The first two Divinity games were D3 clones, then their second game was an over the shoulder action RPG where you were an adventurer/dragon, then this game was a multiplayer/single player RTS game that let you turn your overhead camera into a dragon with a jetpack, THEN they made Original Sin Divinity (or whatever that one is called) and was a co-op tactics game.This game, however, succeeded at being fun, so there's that.In Dragon Commander, you play as the Emperor, the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ son of the previous emperor who was just murdered by his four other♥♥♥♥♥♥children, who are now busy trying to murder each other to be the new emperor. You also happen to be a dragon because your mother was a dragon pretending to be a human because magic.The game plays three seperate ways in both game modes: First, you play the Tactics mode, where you look at the countries you control and either create units, buildings, or play strategy cards to improve your chances in victory. Secondly, you can either choose to let your AI generals kill the enemy or deal with it yourself whereupon you're thrown into a rather well made RTS game with the usual unit fights, although victory is assured by either destroying the enemy base or by emptying the resource pool and one team running out of soldiers. Thirdly, while playing the second type, you can turn into a dragon and lay waste to the enemy.Surprisingly being a dragon and a commander at the same time controls rather well. You can control the army by either mouse control or (in dragon mode) a bunch of hotkeys that let you cycle and control/use units fluidly. The dragon itself is both overpowered and easily killed. You can destroy enemy soldiers without much trouble, but anti air units (which are common and well built) will murder you gleefully if you're not paying attention.Research and story are both rather enjoyable. It's almost an M-18 movie with a PG-13 tone, so you get contrasting tones and emotions that give you either a smile or a confused frown. Not much else to say there, really, I mean the story's easily ignorable but there's some fun stuff going on in it regardless.Personally I went for the game because it said ""You get to be a ♥♥♥♥ing dragon murdering steam tanks with a jetpack."" And that is exactly what happens. If nothing else, it's enjoyably honest."
,Recommended,243950,8187788,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,cody_bl,"Bought this game on impulse when it was a flash sale, and I'm very glad I did.It's part RTS, part RISK, part empire sim, and it manages to mesh together fairly well. You're a half-dragon, seeking to retake your dead father's kingdom from your siblings from a floating ship known as ""The Raven."" On board your ship, you'll meet with councilors from each of the five races in the game besides humans (dwarves, elves, lizards, imps, undead) to make political decisions to run your exapnding empire. You'll also be tasked with moving your armies around on a Risk-style map, playing cards earned through gameplay to help your forces and hinder your enemy's. Finally, when armies meet on the map, you'll have to command your forces in battle in simplified RTS combat, with the gimmick of being able to transform into a dragon to turn the tide of battle in your favor.The best part of the game is making political decisions to run your empire, and the consequences those decisions entail. Will you implement national healthcare? Deport foreign criminals simply because they're foreign? These are typically not easy decisions to make, as they all have pros and cons. It does get a bit limited--you can only make ""yes"" or ""no"" answers to everything. But it's still a very interesing commentary on modern politics. If you're unable to compromise your own views, for example, to keep the other races satisfied, it'll be more difficult for you to raise forces in regions dominated by that race.The RISK style map is basically what you expect. You maneuover your armies around, taking territories and attempting to outsmart the AI- which, so far for me, hasn't been terribly difficult. You can build one building in each territory, from a selection of around 7 or 8. These range from war factories to recruit units with to Wizard Towers that generate cards to give you an advantage in battle.When you confront another army on the map, you can choose to lead your forces into battle, or one of your generals. The RTS-combat is very simple-- there are only around 4 buildings you can build, and one type of resource- recuits. Your main goal is to capture a Recruit plot outside your starting base. If you do this, you'll quickly be able to outproduce your enemy and it won't be long before you overwhelm them. At first, these battles are fun, but they grow repetitive, and you'll find yourself wishing you could skip them entirely. You can, of course, if you elect to have your generals fight for you, Total War- autoresolve style. Unfortunately, this can lead to lost battles that you would otherwise win.The RTS-part's main gimmick- transforming into a dragon-- is fun at first, and creates an interesting mechanic in RTS battles. You can't quene up units while in dragon form, so if you stay transformed too long, you may find yourself out of allied troops to fight with and the battle may turn against you. At the same time, the dragon is powerful and can turn a losing battle into a winning one. Most times, though, the nature of the RTS battles renders the dragon a utility unit. To win, you'll need to outproduce your enemy, and if you're doing that, the battle will quickly snowball in your favor anyways.Divinity: Dragon Commander is a fantastic game. The RTS portion is unfortunately a little weak and gets in the way of the game's more fun empire managing and political decision making, but I would still highly recommend it to strategy enthusiasts."
,Recommended,243950,4306978,"Posted: 30 August, 2013",all,LinkssOfSigil,"It's the best game of 2013 for everyone who loves dragons, RTS and good fantasy-steampunk worlds. Just love this game)"
76561197970980141,Recommended,243950,8424707,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Nork,"It's Civ style map strategy, with the battles optionally fought through RTS, but instead of the normal arial camera, you get to fly about as a dragon and light stuff on fire!Of course there's the politics in between fights and I often found myself thinking ""why are you bothering me, i'm a dragon, leave me alone so i can burn things"", but it certainly did add to the game while satirising real world politics and ideologies.I'm not much of an RTS fan but this was fun."
76561198043723740,Recommended,243950,7616614,"Posted: 9 November, 2013",all,hanssolon,"This is an awesome RTS/RPG with elements from RISK set in the fantasy/steampunkish world where you are a commander who can turn into a dragon with a JET PACK. Though I still in the midst of the story mode, I'm enjoying exploring the characters themselves."
,Recommended,243950,1351917,"Posted: 10 August, 2013",all,Bob,"It's ok. The rts parts are terrible though, just wait for a steam sale."
,Recommended,243950,8526533,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Prince Vegeta,"LOVED this game on my first playthrough, its Single Player Campaign is a lot of fun. Only thing I'd say is once you have completed the games Single Player, there is not much replay value to this game..On the other hand, it does pack an awesome multiplayer too which can keep you entertained for some hours.7/10. Although I feel as I write this I should give it an 8..."
76561198104777542,Recommended,243950,8545831,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,anubis_t-800,I will go directly to the point . divinity dragon commander is a gorgeous unique game where there mix so many special mechanics. Some says it need to be polish on str side and maybe their right but they put the basics and that the only thing important. Where is the strong bond is the diversity of choices and consequences of your politics you chose to your kingdom. That is a masterpieces who must be taken by exemple and rpg side will be satisfied of the evolution the charactere who is a prince-dragon and their knowledge skills. I recommend it to everyone ! it's my personnal heart punch.
,Recommended,243950,8297186,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Aramil Xiloscient,This game is unfortunately so far in both extremes as to end up very average. Outside of combat the game is rich and detailed giving you moral choices where both answers can be wrong and makes you plan out not just troops but relations with both your wife and your people as well. Inside of combat the game's ai is just buggy and can be easily exploited on accident. My favorite glitch is forcing the enemy to essentially dance while i conquer the map but still.
76561198029263636,Recommended,243950,9822605,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,The Great Ricktator,"Have you ever mixed  bunch of sodas together in an attempt to make something unique and good tasting? For strategy games thats what Divinty: Dragon Commander is. It's quite ambitious in how it brings together concepts that you've probably seen in other games, separately. It takes some of Risk, some Starcraft 2, some Mass Effect and adds a jetpack wearing dragon to the mix to make a memorable gem that balances out serious and comedic moments as you go from blasting enemies on the battlefield to discussing whether or to legalize a certain plant for medical purposes, this and many other political issues in the game are downright parodies of the issues in present day politics, almost making the game an unintentional period piece of our current day and age. The RTS portion can be a little lackluster, but the ability to jump in in the form of a jetpack wearing dragon to fight alongside our forces to tip the scales makes it cooler, and for those who dont want to deal with that and enjoy the admittedly more fun empire running segments it can be auto resolved in a manner similar to the Total War series, with your chances of victory being boosted by paying your general and your various cards.At the end of the day it is a jack of all trades, master of none but the gestalt ends up being greater than the sum of the parts making th experience memorable and makes you want to play the campaign again and again to see how differently things can go and to interact with the very amusing characters in the empire running segments. For strategy fans its worth a buy, for those new to the genre it would be a good gateway to some of the bigger franchises."
,Recommended,243950,9722684,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Comrade Pingu,"Amazing game, held me interested and gave you a lot of options which added to reasons to play again and try another political decision. Anyone who wants a game that combines war and politics should try this game; it will not dissapoint."
,Recommended,243950,1248916,"Posted: 19 September, 2013",all,Kulzar,"It's a classic RTS... where you fly as a Dragon in third person view.It's a tabletop game... with amazing cutscenes and memorable characters.It's a weird mix... that works.This game may not master all its aspects perfectly, but this strange blend works surprisingly well. Divinity : Dragon Commander is a fun game that has the power to absorb you completely for hours at a time.In my opinion, this is all it needs to be a truly great game!"
,Recommended,243950,1951278,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,Ikarrus,"I really don't know what to say.This game can be unbearably fun.Strange yet strangely enthralling. It's like they took a bunch of awesome ideas and stewed it all together to make this fantastic monstrosity. A lot of people complain about the RTS segment of the game, but when you consider it to be but a smaller piece of the larger picture, it fits in well. I personally love the political side of the game."
,Recommended,243950,7808495,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Joecool,"This game is quite fun and the gameplay is solid; my only complaint is that while incorporating many game styles (RTS, turn based conquest, and choose your own adventure dialog) it feels slightly shallow. The RTS aspect of the game is very fun, and the ability of turning into a dragon to lead your armies gives the battles a lot of playablity allowing you to switch constantly between a traditional RTS style or more or of a MOBA style. The RTS mechanics of the game are pretty simple however compared to something like Starcraft with battle being over control nodes for bases, and around 15 units which both the player and AI use; so I don't expect this is a game you could pour hundreds of hours into the multiplier before getting bored. The turn based part of the game plays very much like a game of risk where conquest can be won though a RTS battle, so again it's simple but still effective. Everything else in the game plays out in dialog on your battleship with your generals, advisers and a princess  and they all have great personalities (you either love them or hate, but you care) so it keeps the dialog interesting and offers a lot of choices to keep multiple play through fresh. I enjoyed the game quite a bit, and while it has some shortcomings I would definitely recommend trying this game out, it is better then the sum of all it's parts."
,Recommended,243950,8205972,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,notyourpalshane,dragons!
,Recommended,243950,8275058,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Eskimo,"This games takes a moderately decent hack-n-slash RPG series and turns it into the video game equivilent of District 9.  It's at least 5 different genres smashed into one game, and somehow comes out the other side better for it.The bulk of the game plays like Risk, but where you can choose to manually resolve battles in a Dawn of War style RTS.  They also tie in the original RPG series by allowing you to spawn yourself as a dragon on the battlefield during the RTS segments, which can be very effective if done at the right times.  Also, your dragon has a jetpack now.  On top of that, you get empire management between rounds, where you have to make choices to keep your generals and the ambassadors of the 5 races of the world happy and supporting you.  And choosing how to spend your research points to upgrade units and/or your dragon form.In the end, I picked up the game because I liked previous Divinity games and I was intrigued, but I ended up with a surprisingly good hybrid that has almost nothing to do with the series it's based on except for the setting."
,Recommended,243950,1968344,"Posted: 22 August, 2013",all,AbruptDemise,"Divinity: Waifu Commander is a hybrid real-time/turned-based strategy game and political/dating sim. The Risk-styled board will let you engage in real-time battle where you turn into a dragon, or pay one of your generals to fight the battle for you. There are also various policies you must approve or disapprove, and you must also choose a wife. The best quality of the game is its writing, as you will either truly love or hate the personalities of your commanders and councillors. This is also the only game that has made me want to stick my♥♥♥♥♥♥♥inside a skeleton, so there's that, too."
76561197990367374,Recommended,243950,1267553,"Posted: 13 August, 2013",all,MalistiX,"Dragon commander is a new game from the Belgium studio that will play in the universe of ""Divinity"" known for some games.called ""Devine Devinity"".Dragon Commander sets on a noble path to combine Strategy, RPG, Decision making and Action in one big bundle. It manages to hit 2 of these parts nearly perfectly, one extremely well and one lacking. Overall before continueing my recommendation, i highly recommend this game.Action - is done extremely well with the Dragon fights being over-the top but epic moments and you will feel powerfull but never too powerfull while playing as the dragon.RPG elements and Decision making are done the best, these are the parts you will want the game for, the voice acting, art work, characters everything works so well togheter its amazing and you really care for the characters towards the end.The Strategy part (from release) needs some defining its fun and fast paced but it does feel like something the developer should still spent some time on. Altough it works because of the  Dragon included in the fights, its not perfect, yes!"
76561197977466106,Recommended,243950,8284898,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Trave,"Awesome universe, fantastic characters, and a dragon with a freak-in jetpack, need I say more?"
76561198044300872,Recommended,243950,8217797,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Brosaurus,I enjoy RTS games and i found Dragon Commander to be a great twist in this style of gaming
,Recommended,243950,8220503,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,twitch.tv/babysealism,"RTS with RPG elements, interesting mix. Cool political choices. Dragon+Jetpack= BADASS!"
,Recommended,243950,8155472,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,AgentComet,"Fantastic Game, well worth playing! A witty storyline that is genuinely funny. A solid, if optional, RTS element that feels familiar to Command and Conquer. A surprisingly deep and intelligent AI with Turn-Based strategy. What more can you ask?"
,Recommended,243950,1600817,"Posted: 6 August, 2013",all,Reasonableman,"What a strange game. It's a mishmash of Civilization, of Starcraft, of Brutal Legend, of half a dozen other things, all stripped down and neatly tied together with some excellent voice acting and beautiful visuals. No single element would hold up under heavy scrutiny, but the volume of options, modes, mechanics and meaningful choices add up to a fun time. If you think Civ was too involved or moved too slowly, if you thought Starcraft was too complicated and relied too much on twitch, if you thought Brutal Legend was a cool game but didn't like the aesthetic, and if you ever wanted to strap a jetpack to a dragon and decide whether to implement national healthcare in the same game, then it's probably the game for you, even if it might wear thin eventually from lack of depth. Even so, there's always the chance the developers will add on more content to it, like maybe some more tutorial information (not that it's too hard to figure out.) 4/5 for now, I'll update when I have some more experience."
,Recommended,243950,7760011,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Arbiter1479,"This game contains a unique blend of Risk-like gameplay, RTS and RPG gameplay. Larian Studios has done a immensely spectacular job of creating this game and not screwing it up! So, if you are looking for something new or a completely different game to play, I highly recommend this game for it's storyline, soundtrack and the fun of leading your troops into battle as a dragon! Some things to take note is that some of the areas of the game are not in depth and feels rather simplified. An example would be the decision making, it's either a Yes or a No, but not all decisions are clearly cut out some are in the grey area etc."
76561198045785308,Recommended,243950,12283163,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Kerian Halcyon,"Take note - this review is being done from an RTS fan who played it casual just to try it out, and hasn't finished it yet...That being said, don't judge when I say that this game is awesome!Divinity - Dragon Commander is the second sequel to the famous Divine Divinity RPG game from way back in the day.  If there's one thing that Larian studios has shown it's a sort of inconsistency in genre of their games, but not in a bad way; with each follow-up they take advantage of the new wave of technological advancements open to them, and they've done a hell of a good job with this one.  Don't expect a hack and slash RPG like Baldr's Gate or Diablo like the original; this is a Real Time Strategy game...but surprisingly not at its core.For the short version, check below, and beware; the long version may have spoilers:The story takes place in Rivellon like the other games, though whether it takes place before or after the events of the second games is unknown (at least to me).  You play as the illegitimate son of a murdered Emperor and a female dragon, and have been chosen by the king's greatest advisor to be the savior of the empire; an empire otherwise riddled with your own half-crazed siblings all of whom want a piece of your draconic flesh.  You can't do this alone of course; you have generals there to help guide you, and advisors to help you keep the people happy...at the cost of potentially others under your care.  Fear not though, for you even have a wife whose marriage ties can give you great benefits with her chosen race, though even she has drama; after all, the worries of the common folk are nothing compared to the worries of the royals, and as the son-born-out-of-wedlock of a dead emperor, your worries are pretty big indeed.The plus is story and character development; each of them being amazing individuals.  Of course, there is one downside; some of them have drama isssues that you need to take up in order to ensure the safety and well-being of your empire, and the issues, unfortunately, can end in two completely different extremes.  For example, Scarlett is one of your generals; young, springy, and itching to fight, she's well worth having in times of need.  But you get hints that she's a little more than what she seems...and it turns out that she's been hiding a very controversial secret about herself...no spoilers, but you get the idea.  I agreed and disagreed with some of her viewpoints, and feared I could either lose her or risk getting my pants set aflame by some very opinionated advisor nobles for agreeing with her.  In the end though, I found a compromise that I actually liked, and she turned out the better for it.Then there's Catherine...*facepalm* where do I begin with her?  Well, she's feminist; formerly a queen of her own country which was a very strict Amazonian society, where women rule and men serve only to hold up the society and help make babies.  In short, any extremist Feminist's pipe dream...and dear Lord, I wanted to have the option to boot her off of my ship in mid-air.  The trouble was, I agreed with some of her plights; she had issues going on that were important, and I'm the kind of guy who respects women and am totally for equal treatment...now, that wasn't the problem.  The problem was that whenever she approached me regarding this...she did what any feminist does; acts like it's my fault because I have a pair of...well, let's be polite, because I'm male and because she's female.  Automatically an issue I had no clue about was my fault just because I was a man...Word to the wise, unless it is their fault, never approach a stubborn man and tell them something is.  If it were up to me, with the stuff she pulled, I would have had her court martialed, flogged, and stripped of title and rank and forced to work a scullery maid, and that's if she was LUCKY...geez...Anyway, that aside, this is a good game.  I can't wait to finish it, it's going really well thus far.  I definitely recommend giving it a go, full price or otherwise, especially since it's graphically beautiful as well as fun.  Getting to play as a dragon in between commanding armies to fight one another is an amazing breath of fresh air, and one of my favorite parts of this game...So, short version: pros and consPros+ Great Story/Setting+ Great gameplay mechanics+ Awesome graphics+ Great sounds, soundtrack, and voice acting+ Awesome characters+ Never a dull momentCons- Extreme left or right decisions in politics- Puts some modern issues in the extreme a little too up front (e.g. Yorrick's pious religious attitude...we religious folks aren't all like that just so you know)- Some of the interactions between yourself and your queen end a little too quickly...got done with the Dwarf queen before I even finished killing off the first enemy faction, two more to go after that.All in all, I give this an 8.5/10"
76561197991263703,Recommended,243950,11381449,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,TruTs,"The game is divided into three main sections: The RPG section - Aboard the ship, after every turn, you are going to have conversations with your generals and ministers to decide the fate of millions, having an impact over the strategy map and also make researchs to improve your units and your dragon form; The Strategy section - World map view of the regions, the races, population, gold and research points, your units and strategic buildings. Thats where you'll move your troops and play your cards to try to conquer a region; The RTS section - After you move your troops to attack or if you have to defend, you can choose to play cards and let the battle auto resolve with the help of one of your generals or you can choose to go into battle yourself and that is where you can turn into a dragon to help your units.Unfortunately the RTS section is a bit messy and stiffy. This section is really fast paced, there is no fog of war, the camera controls are bad, the maps are small and you are quite limited to what you can do. You have to capture predetermined points on the map to start getting recruits and to build factories. There is a limited number of recruit that you can gather and wins the player who manages to maintain a greater number of units built. The dragon is cool, but it is too weak and dies very fast. The RTS section is the one I disliked the most. I found it quite boring and a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ so I turned the difficult to casual to focus on the section I really liked, the RPG one. Too bad you are still forced play the RTS sections as you can use auto resolve only once per turn. The turn based strategy map and the card sistems are not something out of the ordinary and the strenght is on the RPG sections, with great characters and choices that have real consequences on the theather of war.I think that with this game the developers tried to fire at too many directions, with a weak third person shooter (as a dragon), a bad RTS, a ok turn based strategy and card systems and a good RPG wraped up with a great sound track and pretty graphics into a average game. So, if it is on sale why the ♥♥♥♥ not?"
76561197988287846,Recommended,243950,11429568,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Lvl. 31 Footman,"This game is absolutely wonderful. It's strongest points are by far story, music, character, political simulation, and turn based strategy. The real time strategy element of it can be...quite vexing and overwhelming at times. The A.I. seems almost relentless, and can easily overwhelm you, not to mention employ a multitude of battlefield control spells that certain units employ quite easier than a human player (unless you're just a pro at the whole RTS scene). If you don't care for the RTS aspect, or the third person dragon action combat on the RTS plain, you can always choose to auto-resolve, relying heavily on your turn based map tactics to win the day. All in all though, this game is 10/10. Loads of different political choices to make as they come before you, things to research, etc. I love this game so much!"
76561197998419086,Recommended,243950,11177206,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,ShaZam,"Combat in this game blows unless it's something that you already have the units to win with, in which case you should just entrust combat to your generals for about 80% of the game.  HOWEVER it's fun because of the world that the conflict takes place in and how your ""moral"" and ""political"" choices in the game affect the world that you're fighting for in addition to the way that you get troops.   It's fun, but flawed, but hey YOU GET TO BE A DRAGON WITH A JETPACK!"
76561198035056038,Recommended,243950,11151210,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Twatsmagee,From the Reviews about this game I went in not really expecting much but the idea  of being a general and turning into a dragon to pound armies drew me in. First off......everyone who is upset over the interface of the military and not having a easy button....I fight battles with only a 10% success rate on the estimater and still make the enemy pound sand. The game is really great based on the fact you cant just play the dragon part or the army part and win battles all the time but have to hot swap back and forth...sometimes in mid battle and plug up the holes or destroy a particular part of the enemy army. AA rapes the the dragon but your army rapes the AA....same goes for air to ground troops.....they bang up your army until a dragon sweeps in and eats them alive while your army deals with the ground troops. If you are looking for a game that challenges you to interact heavily in the battles then this is the game
,Recommended,243950,9856437,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Rider4Life505,"This game is like Civilazation, only that you are a dragon that is trying to rebuild its empire. you have to make political descisons which effect how much money things cost in each nation. You also have to build armies and can change the tide in battle by becoming the dragon and helping your army. All and all amazing game with all of these conepts. Play it smart."
,Not Recommended,243950,691344,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,Torinir,"Very lunky controls, only basic RTS and 3PS functionality and has a feel like it was slapped together at the last minute. I remain very unimpressed by this title. It could have been a LOT better."
76561198259834141,Recommended,243950,25860318,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Lumenaught,"Buy this game on sale for 85% off, even though it is worth the $45.00 Imperial Edition price. This game is so good I've bought it for other people when there was no excuse to give them a gift. I cannot give you a more greed orientated positive review. This game is your favorite candy bar only the size of a yardstick: The only thing bad about it is that you're eventually able to finish it. Which means it was too short and you've had too much of a good thing.This is three games in one, Risk, a FPS Warcraft (not WOW) and a (choose your own political ending) virtual novel. If Robert Greene's ""The 48 Laws of Power/The 33 Strategies of War"" and Frank Herbert ""God Emperor of Dune"" had a ten year old child hosting a D&D/Concordia game, this would be that game. It has everything a mostly silent regicidal megalomaniac could ask for; Politics, global war and an immortal silver tounged soul-eating daemon. The game itself is impossible at first; flying/fighting and micromanaging armies ect. Then playable once you understand the creative limitation/singular strategy of the AI. Then becomes laughably boaring once you realize how to farm cheat cards at the end of the first session and auto resolve with overwhelming advantages ad infinitum nauseum. All options are fine since you can choose how you want to play. Especially if you desire a story mode to see all choices and outcomes - AKA where the real interesting interactions are. One of the best games I've ever played. For a video review on this game see Angry Joe's ""Dragon Commander Angry Review"" on youtube."
76561198117797619,Recommended,243950,27012700,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jemolk,"(All based on the single-player campaign; that's what I bought it for, and I haven't felt the need to play multiplayer)I would call this real-time strategy for people who like turn-based strategy.Yes, that's a bizarre label, so let me explain.  I've never been good at RTS games, because reacting fast is something I'm beyond lousy at.  Turn-based strategy, on the other hand, I'm very good at, because I can reason out the best course of action and it's not dependant on my reaction speed.  Dragon Commander is a game where, at least in the campaign, skill with decision-making in the turn-based map mode can mean that people who are bad at RTS gameplay can still win RTS battles pretty straightforwardly by planning their strategy and unit placement on the campaign map.Right, so now that I've explained the original line, perhaps I should back up and explain what all underlies it.  Divinity: Dragon Commander is an RTS in the sense that it has RTS battles, but those aren't what make it good.  They're fairly basic.  What makes the game good would be the strategy map and RPG elements.  Now, the strategy map doesn't really have an effective in-game tutorial, which is a bit of a notable failing, and the graphics aren't exactly the best ever, but with low-budget indie studios, I'm fairly forgiving of such things if they don't affect the gameplay too much, and since there are numerous out-of-game sources for how the map works and the graphics are pretty solid, they don't.The strategy map is set up somewhat like the board for a game of Risk.  You move military units around the map to capture regions while your opponent does the same thing.  When units come into conflict, RTS battles ensue.  In that battle, you start with the units that were in that map space prior to the battle, and you can build more that last for the duration of the battle.  Having too small an initial force tends to mean you get zerg rushed and obliterated, but having a larger initial force can mean either that your opponent can't touch you until you've built up too much to be stopped, or you might even be able to zerg them.  With clever tactics on the map, you can bypass certain areas using boats and take the opposing capital, adding their forces to yours if any other adversaries remain or just winning outright.  You can lure opposing forces out of their heavily defended capital by deliberately leaving an adjacent area of yours unguarded just before rushing in by sea, and you can lock down opposing forces to prevent them from becoming reinforcements prior to the battle by throwing a weak, expendable unit into their area to battle them.  Thus, the map is where the majority of the complex strategy takes place.In the single-player campaign mode, there are also RPG story segments in your base, and these have you making political decisions as the emperor-to-be, as well as managing things with your generals and talking about important issues, as well as the past, with the Dragon Mage, Maxos, who, for the record, is a pretty awesome guy, though unfortunately you never get to see him being a badass doing the kind of deeds you hear about him doing in Divinity II: Dragon Knight Saga.The RTS segments would be the weakest I've played if not for what some people will write off as a gimmick, but which is actually one of the most awesome parts of the game: turning into a dragon and taking part in the battle yourself.  It's quite a fun addition, and it can seriously turn the tide of battle quickly -- if you're careful.All of this means the skillset required to be great at this game varies massively from that needed by a typical RTS.  It also has a skill ceiling that's through the roof, so no matter what games you've played before, don't expect to play optimally immediately.  However, if you go in expecting to have to learn how to do quite a bit, you may be surprised at just how quickly that happens, especially with the diverse styles of gameplay all within the same mode.All in all, this game is extremely fun, and I would be remiss not to mention that Larian is one of the best companies when it comes to customer service and listening to their fanbase.  Posting about a problem you're having on the Steam forums gets you some pretty quick responses, even for games that haven't been worked on in years, and Raze, the Larian representative you'd be hearing from, gives good, detailed solutions to any problem you encounter.  Hell, when I asked on the Divinity II: Developer's Cut forums about how to get an armor set that didn't seem to be placed in-game, it took all of an hour to get an official response on something I'd explicitly said was a desire based in cosmetics alone.  I've also seen numerous cases of someone saying something didn't work and not providing much information, and where most companies would simply tell you that they don't have enough info, or just not respond, people posting such things to Larian have gotten lists of possible problems and solutions for each, and to top it off, they almost always say that if none of those work, you should send Larian your saves, and they'll tinker with them to try to figure out what's wrong and how to fix it, and then send you back a fixed version.  Now THAT is what I call excellent customer service!All in all, if this sounds appealing to you, it's definitely worth a try.  No game is for everyone, obviously, but if you enjoy turn-based strategy, different styles of RPGs, or flying around shooting things as a dragon, you'll probably get your money's worth, sale or no.  If, however, you come here expecting a traditional RTS, you're probably going to be disappointed.  The game is very fun, but it's quite unlike most everything we've seen before in the RTS genre.  Some people will absolutely love it, some will hate it.  In the end, it just comes down to what you want from your games, and how interested you are in something very different."
76561197988360213,Recommended,243950,26722816,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,narayansav,"This game is one of the most refreshing RTS's I've played in a long while. Honestly I think it's underrated but regardless it's a great game to buy when on sale. Although it isn't particulary long and the multiplayer is pretty dead right about now, it makes up for it with interesting and engaging story campaign that really makes you weigh moral options on your path to glory.If you are looking for something new, then I would suggest this game. Get it while on sale or for free since the multiplayer is dead."
,Recommended,243950,26706768,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Lichruler,"Where to start... First, lets talk about the concept and setting of this game. Being set in a fantasy realm, where technolgy and magic are blended together into a neat Steampunk-like setting. I must admit, it's very appealing.The gameplay itself, when fighting the enemies, and waging war, seems to split itself between turn based combat, and RTS. Admittedly it's a bit dull, and also rather repetitive, shifting between outright easy and relaxing, to stressfully hard, with no warning between the two. Some might find that appealing, but I honestly don't. HOWEVER, if things go badly for you, you can also jump into the battle yourself, as you are a giant fire-breathing dragon who also is wearing a jetpack. Yes. You are a dragon. With wings, with a jetpack. Very appealing.Outside of the combat, you take on the role of deciding how the empire should be run in terms of law, certain economical factors, racism, ect. To be honest, I think this was my favorite part of the game, as your morals in the real world don't necessarily work the same in a fantasy world.Here's a good example. In the real world, I believe religious stories should not be part of teaching, my reasons being my own. However, in this game, it made sense to have such stories taught, due to the fantastical nature of the world in which the characters lived. Remember, dragon with jetpack. You would need that kind of teaching.And as an added little bonus, for once in a game, the undead are not considered evil, or even dark and potentially bad. They are simply just people. A little overtly pious, but people none the less. This is the first game to do that for me, which may be small, but it's a bug plus.All in all, it's a fun game. Maybe nothing that'll last the test of time, but still a game worth playing."
76561198036648136,Recommended,243950,26766556,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,heivanuif,game and soundtrack of an imperial caliber!!!
,Recommended,243950,2294210,"Posted: 17 August, 2013",all,Tomato,"While a bit rough around the edges, Dragon Commander is a treat. A game that could hold you for hours. Yes, the RTS part is a bit unbalanced and mostly unvaried, but the characters and the dialogs are really, really good.Larian, once again, delievered a good game that deserves to be played."
76561198034374409,Recommended,243950,11020085,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Arcueid,"This game has alot of issues and is incredibly short. If you're going to buy it get it on sale, and I think you'll enjoy it for a short light rts."
76561197992730597,Recommended,243950,10962206,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Jiron,"Bit of fun with a mix of RTS and C&C gameplay. A bit odd at first but after say 30mins one figure out how it ticks.""Only"" downside sofar is the AI is easy to beat after those 30mins aswell.Had fun being a Dragon swoopin down on armies and blasting em to dust.7/10HF"
,Recommended,243950,10433689,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,CommissarRAWR.,"This game is very much a game of two sides. Unfortunutely, one side is pretty awful.The game is divided into the story driven, non combat based and relationship building aspect; and then the RTS combat and risk map like world view.I have to say, I honestly really like the non combat stuff. The characters are fun, they are a poke at the stereotypes of today whilst offering a little bit of comedic social commentry. The characters are great, the dilemas you get are great and they even have a point to them, as each desicsion you make has consequences for resource aquirement, combat and other things.Where it falls flat on its face is the RTS combat. By christ it sucks. Its entire concept is basically built around zerg rushing and turtling your forces. very little stratigic combat involved here. Yeah, being a dragon is kinda a cool twist but it takes away from being an RTS and it turns it into a click fest action game. Tries to do too much, whilst also doing almost nothing. Saddening really. On the plus side, once you get your generals you can shelve off battles to them. Though, you can only use any general once per turn, as in once you use a general on any battle that turn you may use no other generals. Why? I dont understand.All in all, I would only recommend it to players who can really get immersed into the non combat stuff. If you are looking for an incredible RTS experience, you will not find it here. However, personally I think the non combat aspects outway the combat."
76561198038049199,Recommended,243950,10434676,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,jeffdiamondart,"This is steam punk *with* substance (for a change). My only nitpick is that the RTS battles are a little clunky, so I let my generals do the fighting (sim the battles), but for me that felt truer to the spirit of the game which has you playing as the commander/would-be emperor making strategic decisions --as you would. Very good music and graphics, interesting characters that are very nicely voice acted, lots of imperial duties to see to including affairs of state (creating laws, etc.), allocating funds for technologies, social functions, and so on. High re-playability."
76561198068976689,Recommended,243950,7447073,"Posted: 21 October, 2013",all,Grinder,be the dragon :3
,Recommended,243950,9340281,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Jonezy,"This game isn't very friendly towards newcomers to the genre. It feels like an experiment for veterans, who know what they do. Yet, as a new player, I feel this game to be very enjoyable. Graphically my style of games, an amazing soundtrack, very diverse gameplay and well done animation.The only thing that made me go meh, is the concept of the story. It's basic, cliche even. Yet, I can forgive the devs for it since it works perfectly for the core idea of the game. And it doesn't throw a billion new words at you. Phew!"
76561197995502562,Recommended,243950,9367494,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,l33tninja,"This game mixes many different game types into one epic package. It has three main game types, A risk-like board game, an RTS/third person shooter game, and a political simulator.The battle board will be familiar to anyone who has played risk. The player moves units turn based and can choose to join a battle to aid the troops. This part is well executed and integrates well with the ability to upgrade and research new units.When in a battle the RTS gameplay takes over. The controls take a little getting used to in the rts mode. The ability to transform into a dragon and change the tide of the battle is what really sets this game apart. It is so unique and refreshing and it give a whole new responsibility for the player to use skills.The political simulator is decent. It is lacking in some depth, but what it is lacking is easily made up in the rest of the game. The choices are yes and no and are somewhat predictable. However juggling the outcomes and viewpoints of the races was very fun in my opinion.If you follow the story line, it is easy to stay interested. The gameplay can get a little repetitive though. Luckily there are things that can keep it interesting such as the strategy cards.Overall I would give this game an 8/10 because it is so unique and refreshing to use your brain to follow the different possible outcomes."
,Recommended,243950,2984768,"Posted: 22 August, 2013",all,maiku_akahane,A good mix of TBS and RTS. The game itself has ups and downs but overall it gives nice gaming experience.
,Recommended,243950,11842585,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Arbuhrary,Is good game.
,Recommended,243950,11852908,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,|Ck| LLC merlinicorpus,"It's a fun game and there are some interesting concepts explored.  That said, it was WAY too easy, and WAY too short.  Completed the game in about 9 hours, and really, I expected the single player to take twice that long at least.  It's a good game to pick up on sale for cheap."
,Recommended,243950,13570490,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,James,"Although a number of the elements alone are fairly basic such as the RTS feature, they all add up to an enjoyable game that is worth playing.  Would recommend."
,Recommended,243950,13352810,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Bergotronic,"Manually (FPS Controls) controlling a uber powerful dragon in the crappy RTS modes is great. Some great ""diplomacy"" in the meta game sections, and good strategy / light deck building makes for a fun and unqiue experience.TLDR: Can fly dragon, RTS is♥♥♥♥♥♥ can make a vampire skeleton girlfriend... or a shrek."
,Recommended,243950,13356743,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Auzette,"Sorry to be a dissenter, but the various parts of the RTS element are so coarse and cumbersome that they render all but the dialogue portion of the game interesting. Had high hopes, bought it sight unseen at top price. SHouldn't have."
,Recommended,243950,19502019,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Padtrick695,Pros :+ RTS in the scale of Supreme Commander.+ Gameplay strategy like Warhammer.+ RPG story choice and consequences is meaningful as Mass Effect.+ Very fast pace RTS plus while doing ACTION SHOOTER in dragon mode for supporting your army.Imagine That..+ Beautiful facial expression programming in dialogue section.Cons :-General Scarlet is a les.... T_T
76561198039655417,Not Recommended,243950,19545323,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,The Gentleman,"it's just... not very good... it just doesn't do what it's trying to do, the dragon mode just makes everything blurry and you can't command your army at all, and the RTS element doesn't have anything in itself that makes the game enjoyable, and the politics doesn't do anything for combat, so i cannot, in good conscience recommend this game"
76561198042573675,Not Recommended,243950,19363794,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,rotten1515,the controls in battle are awfull.
76561197995051730,Not Recommended,243950,17898726,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Sodar,"A mix of leading armies and ruling a nation, all while being a shape shifting dragon. Sounds fun, right?Well, it is, at times. The political aspect of the game is quite fun. Your advisors present an issue, like gay marriage, environmental protection, yada yada yada, and you decide who of the two advisors to side with. The gameplay benefits of either choice are nice, but never too gamebreaking, so you can basically pick whatever the hell you want, which make the whole aspect quite enjoyable.The whole ruling aspects takes place aboard your demon ship, and that’s where you will meet all of the supporting cast. The characters are quite fun to interact with, and I ended quite fond of them, especially some of the romance choices.But the battle aspect…In every map, you start with a simple Base vs Base scenario, expand to take other bases, start making armies to overwhelm the enemy, the usual. You also can shapeshift into a dragon to fight yourself. While fun, managing both the base and your army in that form is atrocious (I never managed anything more than a simple “Spawn more units and attack move  Here”, but that might just be me), and you quickly learn large enemy armies will instantly shoot you out of the sky. So you end up either sticking to the back of your army, casting buffs, or flying around to harass enemy buildings. Dragon mode perhaps gains depth in Dragon vs Dragon battles, but those are Multiplayer only, and never appear in the campaign.The battle system also gets horribly broken. The amount of units you can produce each map is limited, and that goes both for you and the enemy. This forces you to play smart – or abuse the system, horribly.You see, there is a flying unit called the Zeppelin, which DOUBLEs the range of all units under it. There is also a long range artillery ship, that absolutely demolishes everything it fires at. And, once under a Zeppelin, it also outranges every single unit and tower in the game.I have won every harder map by simply producing 5 of those and putting them under a Zeppelin, slowly withering away the PCs unit reserves. It was quite depressing. I did experiment with different strategies, but the army tends to be so annoying to manage, every time I was starting to get low on reserves I always ended up falling back to the unkillable artillery combo. Besides sometimes it was the only way.The reason for that is basically because the creator decided to phone it in at the end. The campaign has a reasonable progression in the first two acts, with obvious enemies of clear motivation (if horribly underdeveloped. Signs of potential boss battles are all around the place, but you never get any). But once you get to act three, the game reuses all the old maps and the enemies get a ridiculous buff, which I think was the developers idea of difficulty spike.All in all, the political aspect was so fun I actually played the campaign twice, but the battle system is so atrocious I cannot recommend this game unless on massive sale, and even then, it’s not the best of picks."
76561197998340835,Not Recommended,243950,19426196,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,AAlvarad,Crashes a lot. Not worth the money. Larian was lazy as hell.
76561198130390572,Recommended,243950,19345088,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,gomarivera,"Really cool game. A mix between age of empires, fable, and dragon age. Very cool RPG and RTS game."
,Recommended,243950,21538933,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,ScyAnide,
,Recommended,243950,20061496,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Echo,"I'm just going to say this.JETPACKS, ON DRAGONS....♥♥♥♥ yeah."
,Recommended,243950,21368596,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Ayy Eradicator,In this game you get to play as a dragon with a jetpack. Need I say more?
76561198089299791,Recommended,243950,21081447,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Marxist,"Looking for a game with RTS, or Risk as an option then this game is for you. I enjoyed every aspect of the story including a forced romance story line."
76561198109113964,Not Recommended,243950,20672072,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,crosseyeddan,about to win game but my army defects for no reason and I lose or I need to build more units when I have so many on my screen to begin with that the enemy has no chance of winning but they all blow up out of nowhere. This part of the game I find unrealistic and highly annoying. It's an awsome game overall but don't get it if you like strategy games that you can truly fight to the end of battle.
,Not Recommended,243950,8418319,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,8one6,A game breaking bug prevents you from fighting after act one.
,Recommended,243950,22088685,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,ton10p,"I love this game but it lacks mods and I hope it gets more content and mod compatiblity or at least hire some modders for help and ideas otherwise its just barilly making the 50$ range in games  (for busnesses= try to ballence price with ammount of buyers (allot of peaple have 10 dollers a smaller ammount of peaple have 50-100 to spare on a game though smart buyers will have 100 but use it one more then 5 never mind 1 so try to make it disireable for numbers to go for it).but demand can fall when other cheap games are patched with more content even free gets more demand becous any one wants to save money more then spend money. (and i have no programing skills or study busness but i am a consumer of medium class and I infer opon that i have had 50.9$ and now i have 0.9$ so how dose that work, when my intrest peaked i had money spare but not every one is in that state of mind and usualy dont realy have good luck after that when you want the most $ go for the resonable price for middel class and lower class (around 10$) and keep in mind allot of peaple are in that spectrim so 10$ times that is by estimet has higher potental to exceed the ammount in total of 50 because of the fact that more then 5 times the peaple who bought this game are in the price range of 10 then 50) but what do I know im only the guy who is one of the peaple who busnesses want to have buy their games."
76561198071776393,Recommended,243950,22173069,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,TerrorShifter,"Best Game in History. Combines my favorite game style and themes all in one. Risk style map strategy, Political Decisions that actually matter, marriage, RTS battles handled by you or your generals, and lets not forget the most important detail..You turn into a flippin dragon and roast your enemy to ashes! Also offers good challenge level, not too easy, yet not too hard. What are you waiting for?! BUY IT!"
76561197971663658,Recommended,243950,22194032,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,alkemmy,"Following on from the excellent RPG ""Ego Draconis"" (get it if you haven't), this is a change of direction for the Divinity bulldozer, and probably a disappointment for anyone (like me) who enjoyed the RPGs.  Takes a bit of reorientation to pick this one up, and if set to easy/casual mode it's just a walkover.  Some difficulties with certain mice using the centre button/wheel as this just doesn't click in.  Otherwise an interesting strategy game, whose continuing appeal is in the voice-overs.  A great many games like this out there, and while this is a good game, hard to see it has anything above any of the rest.  And there really are a lot of them if you look!"
,Recommended,243950,10341009,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Chaohedgehog,A good strategy game with interesting ideas and memorable characters.
,Recommended,243950,20308325,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,5ilvara 💫,"This game is huge and impressive, the gamelplay is quite satisfying and the characters are entertaining for a while. And that's the problem : sometimes, there is nothing to do except moving troops and sometimes, the political themes get predictable and repetitive. Basically, it's fantasy, but without the magic.Not lore-wise, for sure, but metaphorically, there is no sense of wonder whatsoever.I don't know whether this impression of dryness applies to Dragon Commander alone of it is a contant thing in the Divinity saga, but even if this fantasy universe is just immersive enough to justify the price, I felt no ounce of creativity, of originality, there was nothing fresh or wonderful about it.It doesn't means that there is nothing interesting. The story can be fun, somewhat immersive, long enough, and you get to see the main characters' opinions and personalities evolve through time. But if you except interesting things to happen regarding your advisers and diplomats arguments, you'd be completely disappointed.Also, although I can assure you that this point didn't influence my review, some of you might want to know that we get to play a male character in this game, and even if you don't see it and can grow to forget it about time, the marriage ""duty"" and restrictions with abruptly recall you to this reality.In summary, I'd recommend it for the combat mode, the gameplay, the animation, the aesthetics, but not for the rpg elements."
76561198038135378,Recommended,243950,22497826,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,lordzen21,Good game only 3 types of dragons you can be lots and lots of laws to pass which is nice you even get a wife and how you interact with her will change how she act's later on you will never make all the race's happy now about some of the game play its like a 4x game meets command and conquer so fun all around
,Not Recommended,243950,23050129,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,akazaji,"Bad bad bad bad.There is no strategy in this real time strategy game.  As an RTS, its an unfeasable zerg rush simulator.  If you take the time to build your base, you will lose.  If you focus on capturing the map, you will lose.  The only strategy is to rush your enemy before it gets some semblance of a foothold.On that note, the enemy can trigger all their abilities at once, while yours have to be done manually, invididually.  The enemy can use all of their buildings, command their troops, and use their abilities all at the same time, making things more onesided as time goes on.If you have the bright idea to bring out your dragon, you will quickly be demolished.  You don't do nearly enough damage, and being a dragon in battle is more of a hinderence than a help.  One you can't leave being in dragon form unless you get yourself killed, so you might even get the pleasure of watching your base get destroyed while you struggle to control your units and buildings from above.Apparently the RPG aspect of the game is either great or abysmal depending on who you ask.  The reviews suggest it between a waifu simulator and a radical tumblr propaganda piece, but you have to get past the rest of the game, which frankly, isn't worth the time or effort, to find out.Don't buy it unless its on sale.  A steep sale. Like... christmas 80% off sale."
76561198115212549,Recommended,243950,23094750,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Mindeulle,me a dragon bonerwith waifucommand an army of my own nationwell why notill sacrifice my waifu again so i can get married with other bride~ 10/10
,Recommended,243950,23089370,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,The King of Bards,"Honestly the RTS battles in this game are pretty meh...However the game has POLITICS!Just autoresolve all the battles and focus on the real part of being a mighty dragon head of state. Decide if you will allow gay rights, deport immigrants, allow public breastfeeding. Get married of to a skeleton. Make her human. Feed her to a demon and marry the hot elf chick instead... you deranged ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.This game is the♥♥♥♥♥♥ but don't play it as an RTS game. Play it as a dating sim.Dragon/10 - Would date again!"
76561198059358921,Recommended,243950,24287355,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,hightime1011,This game is amazing and fun!
76561198207832349,Recommended,243950,24144132,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,SirNoobs ☪,I this game is awesome and i love it! its not a perfect game but its an awesome game. characters and story is good but the comabt is lacking and plus i WANT SUPPORT!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,243950,20573168,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,nilloc93,"its an RTS at its core with a turn based overworld, the turn based is simple and easy, the RTS portions have a terrible UI and any tough battle can be solved by turning into a dragon and killing the entire enemy army, the AI is also terribly inept."
,Recommended,243950,8340868,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Emendo,"I feel like a lot of people are going to give it a pass just because of it's absolutely ♥♥♥♥ing atrocious name but the game is actually pretty good. If you can forgive some occasionally broken RTS controls, the RPG/Civ side of the game is one of the most compelling features in a game I've ever played. Maybe wait until Divinity: Dragon Commander drops to a ridiculously low price; but check it out!"
,Recommended,243950,20342488,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,JetH7,"As of this writing I have not yet finished this game's campaign. Typically I wouldn't review a game at this point, but I've been so smitten by 'Dragon Commander's' awesomeness, that I couldn't wait.Do you like RTS games? Do you like engaging story-lines? Do you like playing as a dragon? If the answer to one or more of those questions, then this game is totally worth buying.You play as a dragon, who commands RTS battles. Between battles you converse with politicians and your generals (all of which are layered and interesting characters). Said conversations effect the story and can have effects on how the battles play. And once you've finished the main story, you can do it all again in multiplayer! It's great! :D"
,Recommended,243950,20410024,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Ulfr,"Really fun game.Simple turn based strategy leads to a simple RTS, with some 3rd person shooter thrown in the mix in the form of a dragon with a jetpack. None of the aspects are terribly deep, but it's really blended together well.There is a minor political aspect in which you make choices as to how your kingdom will run, your decisions will give you different benefits and drawbacks in the strategy side of the game and alter your reputation with the four factions.The characters are absolutely hilarious, the banter between them is far from politically correct and nothing is off limits.Not my favorite game in the Divinity universe but your collection absolutely isn't complete without it. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,243950,20106761,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,legion160,"Didn't think the fusion of RTS and and 3rd person would work, but the games function is actually REALLY good, i highly reccomend picking it up, especially during a sale."
,Recommended,243950,22231293,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,The Grim Reaper,Good game nice npc's and nice voice acting but could use a bit more im key bindings and movment
76561198064270537,Recommended,243950,6345483,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,Nightmare Moon,"The best dragon game x3...Please, buy this game, We want multiplayer, not only single player ;_;"
76561198057088681,Recommended,243950,28414470,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,TheLoadedPotato,"Probly my first ""offical"" RTS game. I found it entertaining and one that would have a high replay value if your the type of person to unlock all achievments or want to see different variations of the game. I had difficulties controlling on map dragon combat which funny enough is the purpose of the game but that was probably my own doing so that wasnt so much a deal breaker. I would not however pay the full price for this game for the retail seems a little high for the amount of contenet.The good-Good story-Funny lines-A.I. could provide challenge when difficulty is set to hard-most choices you make have some type of impact in gameThe bad- Felt like act one and two were more challenging then the third and final act-without spoiling it the third act felt shoe horned in-not a fan of the dragon controls-full retail price"
,Recommended,243950,27676024,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Aszura,"A great mix of action and strategy. Gotta love the generals, especially Edmund ;)"
76561198098315485,Recommended,243950,27795871,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Old Mate Joel,"Dragon Commander meshes together numerous gameplay mechanics into one solid game, making it a unique experience. It feels like there's something here for everyone to appreciate, with the fluent gameplay, memorable characters and great sense of humour standing out the most for me. I can see myself playing this through again. - 8/10"
76561198031577068,Recommended,243950,27586051,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Stormpsych,"It's been a while since I played this, but one thing sticks out to me about the gameplay.What other game can you honestly say switches from Tactical armies to you flying around in a mostly FPD fashion, as a dragon, to shoot enemies - and your dragon is wearing a jetpack.It can get repetitive, but theres the strategy of the kingom conquering, tactics of battles, flying around as a jetpack-wearing dragon, some good storyline work overlaying it all.Definitely an immersive game for a period of time."
76561198118323731,Recommended,243950,33349546,Posted: 7 July,all,Ducktor Thrax,"*Note* I got this on Sale 99% off, so I basically got it for free.7/10. Its ok, just a basic RTS. Nothing really good or bad to talk about. Dragon Form is something new to RTS and does add another element to the game. Campain has a certain RPG feel to it."
76561198057318629,Recommended,243950,33418713,Posted: 9 July,all,CakeSuit,"I beat dragon commander about 3 years ago and never got around to saying how much i enjoyed this game. I mostly bought this game for its story and political choose your own adventure style gameplay which is excellent, however I ended up enjoying the world map turn based strategy gameplay the most!The RTS portions are bad. Fortunately, I was either able to auto-resolve these RTS sections or just set it to casual difficulty and just destroyed everything in dragon form which makes things way more fun.Highly Reccommend."
76561198001404332,Recommended,243950,33454075,Posted: 11 July,all,Daa,A mediocre strategy game but extremely intriguing and well written visual novel. The storylines and political decisions touch some sensitive topics which might trigger some people so be warned.The game is not however worth of 40€ but is totally worth of 4€ I paid for it during the summer sale.
76561197988367888,Not Recommended,243950,7529086,"Posted: 31 October, 2013",all,⎛⎛LosTiger⎞⎞,"Tough to rate this one based on a sole recommended or not recommended choice. After some tought i wouldnt recommend the game.While dragon commander tries to implement an interestening gameplay, which makes incredibly fun to get into the first rounds, soon afterwards you are annoyed by the always repeating same rts gameplay.Dragon commander is a mix from real time strategy,  a turn based gameplay where you send out, build new troops and upgrade equipment, and a political simulator. The most fun probably is the politcal simulator where you roleplay as a king and have to make decisions about political dilemmas that a race confronts you with. Those are usually applyable to modern problems in some way like brutal board games, smoking etc. Each race is displayed as a hardcore stereotype of a poltical point of view, elves are hippies, undeads are very religious and so on.The thing is that you can only choose yes or no to a dilemma and cant find any way of compromise that favor or dislikes slightly everyone but not as hard as saying yes or no. Having some kind of money system would have improved so you could have chosen to use money for some problems that instead could have been used for more troops. Also the decisions dont have much influence except how much troops you can recruit where the other races life.The graphics are beatiful. The artstyle is pretty good and unique. The characters really feel realistic, make good moving gestures and the atmosphere on the commander ship is top notch. The Maps and units in the rts part are also good to look at , but lack a bit of the detail.You can also marry a princess from each faction except the imps ,sadly, and turn her points of view away. Like making the elven princess dont care about animals anymore etc. This story aspect is probably the best of the whole game in my opinion. I wish that there would be more roleplay aspects you can do in this area since you basically can only hear her story and make a couple of decisions that always end in kinda 3 ways. Having events politcally and/or with your wife would have improved the story and decision making.The rts system is okay. Its not really awesome but not completely broken. Only mayor flaw is the lack of variety. Not only in gameplay wise, but in therms of maps, there are no battles inside cities, as an example. You can random out the fight luckily, but only if you have better/more troops otherwise its very risky. After some time the battles get repetetive and that is the thing i really dislikes about the game. The battles arent that fun to make me want them to do over and over again, and having not a much variety of maps also hurts the gameplay. But i have to admit that the steampunk troops look cool and there is a variety of troops.The game is very short. A campaign takes you around 6 hours i would say. A little bit more or less depending on you. First playtrough is very fun but the game never randomizes anything, like the map, therefore every playtrough is only different based on your wife and politcal decisions.6.5/10 Game really is promising but lacks replay value due the repetetive fighting gameplay. Some kind of money system for the economic stabillity, infrastucture, and so on, would have improved the strategic factor of the game and i really wish i could have done more with my wife."
76561198216296672,Recommended,243950,18934184,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,mrboom1995,"This game may be very low key compared to other big games but this one is as good as some of the big dogs out there. This game has you reconquer your dead fathers empire by... killing all your brother and sisters, deal with politics, fight battles/ command them as well, collect taxes and anything else a emperor needs to do to win a war. Also your a dragon with a jetpack.... nothing else needed to convince you to get this."
,Recommended,243950,131724,"Posted: 6 August, 2013",all,Maelstrom Vortex,"If I ever were to call a game my ideal.. or favorite of all games, this would be it. Combining elements of RPG, Grand Strategy, RTS, and a tactical flight simulator.. this game really gives you the feel of what it is like to be a Dragon, would be Emperor, at war. Strongly recommended for those who like RPG, Dragons, and RTS.. and generally being able to take part in combat on a viceral level. You can't sit on your heels in the combat phase.. you must always be making the best use of your time and your skills to strike at your prey."
76561198098410472,Recommended,243950,28951395,Posted: 2 January,all,Party P3opl3 9,A 3rd person action game mixed with rts and 4x strategy? What more could you want.
76561198068517802,Recommended,243950,30000610,Posted: 17 February,all,wryeguy,"Very amitious game that checks a lot of boxes; strategy, action, dialogue. Presentation is very good too and the world created is very rich. I do wish there were ""missions"" done in the way of DOS, to maybe gain advantage before a battle, otherwise i cant think of anything that would put me off of this game. Highly recommended."
76561198008463840,Recommended,243950,2507262,"Posted: 19 August, 2013",all,uniquefreakx,"Kind of a hodgepodge of genres rolled into one game. A mix of RTS, Risk, a tiny bit of card collecting, and a story mode where you make politcal decisions that effect your reputation with different races.TLDR: You can be a dragon with a jetpack. And I like it."
,Recommended,243950,27592733,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Adventurer11,Best Dragon King Simulator out there
,Not Recommended,243950,10940576,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Dwarfy,Rts wtih a playable dragon to turn the scalesWhats not to love oh wait it's bad LOL
76561197987055299,Recommended,243950,34048731,Posted: 5 August,all,Lain's Navi,"If you don't feel like reading my whole review, let me put my conclusion up front: I highly recommend buying this game, but only if it is on sale. As of the writing of this review, it costs $39.99 USD.So let me get into the details.The dialogue and character development, as well as the incorporation of real sociopolitical issues into a strategy game, is absolutely ♥♥♥♥ing brilliant. I've owned this game for around 5 years now, and I keep getting drawn back into it. The characters are just too well-written to forget about it, with the possible exception of Catherine, who, though likeable in her own way, is ultimately a caricatured strawman. Sometimes I intentionally delay winning campaigns just to see what kind of mischief and adventures my generals can get into, and I'm always pleasantly surprised.As for the negatives, well...you might have seen other reviewers bashing the RTS element. And they're right. It sucks. BUT...you can skip it if you want. I'll also say that the turn-based portion, while fair enough, isn't really anything to talk about. It's Risk.Overall, 6/10 this game is really, REALLY good but ultimately overpriced for what it offers."
76561198009305108,Recommended,243950,9771067,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Faravahar1200,it was fun playing
76561198027429177,Recommended,243950,33969274,Posted: 2 August,all,gamingturtle,Entertaining compaired to all the♥♥♥♥♥♥games ive bought. Never compleated the game but i played it for 11 hours.
,Recommended,243950,34250432,Posted: 14 August,all,filkry,"The four-layer mix works better than it has any right to. I felt consequences between each subsequent layer, which felt enough to justify it. And no other game lets you jump into the strategic fray as a Jetpack dragon. Funny and empowering."
76561198093612324,Recommended,243950,34744860,Posted: 4 September,all,joeythegoth,"Great little game loved the story but the chatting did go on for a while here and there, The ending could of been better I think it kinda just happended no real build up at all. The game also crashed a few times near the end but the auto save is very good. Id love to see the troop sprites and models to be more varied and easier to see at times on the world map i found it very hard to see my troops. All and all was a fun game and pretty straight forward RTS and im not the biggest RTS fan so if i can do it anyone can (on casual lol)"
76561198119074136,Recommended,243950,34806289,Posted: 7 September,all,ᶠᵘᶜᵏᵧₒᵤ™,"Decent game, lacks in some areas but overall very fun. Get it on sale."
76561198082806125,Recommended,243950,35324085,Posted: 29 September,all,Cheeki Breeki,"Many will find the gameplay lacking in depth and complexity ,but the story and political decisions you have to make while juggling the various factions approval make it a worthwhile experience. Buy on a sale and autoresolve whenever possible."
,Recommended,243950,35150719,Posted: 23 September,all,CzechKronner,"Very interesting game that tries to combine RTS, turn-based strategy, and base building. I thoroughly enjoyed my time with this game. Good visual presentation. Amazing audio."
76561198054422139,Recommended,243950,35461587,Posted: 3 October,all,U WOT MVIII,"Cautious recommendation. Gameplay is poop on a platter, but the story is absolutely stellar!"
