user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,244050,16455737,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,copy paper,"This review is, for the record, not sarcasm. I have played this game, way more than I care to admit. It is genuinely fantastic.Let's just get the hyperbole out of the way up front. Rise of Flight is, in my mind, easily one of the best flight sims ever made. It's a shame this business model switch has opened the floodgates to reviewers who haven't given the game much of a shot. This is a flight sim, and an in-depth one at that. You need to try it for more than an hour or two to even finish a mission. I'm frankly astonished that so many people have clicked that they found some of these reviews helpful.This is a game that serves a small audience. It would not exist if not for this business model. A business model, that if you really look at it, is not a bad deal for gamers. Sure, the base free game is basically a demo. Why is that bad? You didn't pay anything for it. Realistic flight simulators are not main stream gaming by any strech of the imagination, and if people want them to exist, they need to understand that they're going to have pay for content. Purchasing each plane pack gets you the use of included planes everywhere. Further, you can absolutely dive into the game with just the one included plane, and even purchasing just a single plane pack gives you a massive amount to do.No game has captured the sensation of flight like Rise of Flight. The game really does give the impression you're in a hot-rod car with cloth wings and a gun mounted to the front that is somehow flying. Having your wing partly seared off in a battle is terrifying, and clawing your way back from No Man's Land to land while spewing smoke and being chased by enemies is an experience few other games have matched for me. I've bombed bridges, photographed troop movements, and won dogfights by crippling my opponent piece by wooden piece. I'd strongly recommend anyone thinking about purchasing content for this game look up professional reviews, most of which are very positive.This game isn't a traditional free-to-play game, that much I conceed. It is not an iOS game, or a play-to-win game, or an arcade flight game, or whatever else people think they're getting. It is an amazing simulator that demands your full attention.Do you want to know what WWI flight combat really felt like? For that, nothing out there comes even remotely close to Rise of Flight."
,Recommended,244050,8065271,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Major Isoor,"If you want to get a good idea on what this game is like, I will ask you something: Have you played IL-2 Sturmovik* before?I ask this because Rise of Flight is essentially identical to IL-2 in terms of total realism (also including a load of difficulty settings, so you can switch off black-/red-out, switch on infinite fuel, etc. just to make the transition into the game easier), just with Great War-era aircraft, as opposed to World War II-era aircraft.However, this one detail alone sets it apart from the IL-2 games quite a bit, as the quality of aircraft in RoF is substantially lower than what is found in IL-2, for fairly obvious reasons. Instead of being able to dogfight where you can afford to be almost entirely focused on the enemy plane/s a la IL-2, you will need to split your attention 50/50 between the enemy aircraft and your own aircraft. This is because simply put, the aircraft found in WWI were in fact nicknamed ""kites"" for a reason! Your plane is incredibly fragile and is prone to having its wings snap off or its engine conk out (typically in the form of the oil in the engine suddenly and unexpectedly pouring out onto your face) seemingly on a whim. If you're familiar with the cold sweat-inducing feeling of nursing your crippled Heinkel back to the airfield in IL-2, this is the feeling you will generally have while flying a plane in RoF normally. (Hell, take-off can very easily become quite fatal!)In summary, Rise of Flight is more-or-less IL-2 Sturmovik cranked up to ""hardcore mode"", and it's brilliant! (Also, although the extra content packs seem quite pricey, they are actually packed with quite a lot of content; so I'd say get acquainted with the base game or demo on the RoF site, then get one or two of the packs that you like the look of during a sale)* If you haven't, I recommend getting IL-2 Sturmovik 1946 or Battle of Stalingrad."
76561198053350603,Recommended,244050,7810950,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,WendellThrewUp,"I found this to be a good game, with a lot of content available. Since this is a simulation, it has the things you expect, good graphics, good fidelity (I've never flown an actual WW1 fighter, but things seem right to me FWIW), and enjoyable.I say enjoyable for me, but it may not be everyone's cup of tea. It aims for the same realism as DCS, and coming from some time in DCS I think it compares favorably. Because of the setting, I didn't have to spend 10 hours programming a joystick and wading through tutorials and was able to jump in and fly relatively quickly. Less complexity to the Aircraft makes it more fun for me.Speaking of fun, I can't overstate the immersion factor having a campaign mode brings to this game. Its supposed to be in Beta, but to me its already pretty complete. I do look forward to more improvements in this regard, but having a campaign mode makes the whole thing worthwhile. I miss the days of the old MP Sims where a career mode was just so much fun and the campaign mode in this game puts all those hours spent in-game in context. Still not what it could be but shows a lot of promise and head and shoulders above anything else out there for a sim game."
,Not Recommended,244050,9935670,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Dude,"Its a great flying game. Just don't buy it on Steam. You will be unable to purchase individual planes, and not all content is available on Steam."
76561198007680181,Recommended,244050,7951947,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,nyknyk,"The Rolls Royce Silver Shadow of flight sims. Beautiful and expensive.From the dawn of dogfighting flying these tempermental aircraft (basically kites with engines), was either an act of insane bravery or couragous madness.For anyone who takes dogfighting seriously the skills learned in this era will be applicable to any other time and theatre of combat.And for those of us who remember the legendary Red Baron, RoF can be considered the spiritual successor thanks to the introduction of the Career Mode.A fully laden sim, and an extremely accurate and very enjoyable stripped down air combat experience."
76561197982950406,Recommended,244050,953714,"Posted: 12 September, 2013",all,Vamandrac,"A flight sim set in era that is ofter over looked by most, RoF offers a very realistic approach to World War I air combat.  The game offers both single player missions/careers as well as an online mode.  Difficulty and controls can all be tweaked to help those who are new to the genre, but make sure that you have a joystick as it is a must.  If you love air combat simulators or are a fan of the period then don't pass this game up!"
76561198024900475,Recommended,244050,18706493,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Super Hans,"For the benefit of some reviewers that think the devs are being greedy. This game was never F2P until only recently. It always had the DLC model and thousands of people have been happily playing this excellent sim for years before the likes of wargaming and gaijin came along. I do find it odd that a minority of gamers these days think its plain WRONG for devs to make money! Let me explain....it costs money to produce a game of this quality! programmers, artists, equipment...etc etc. How do you think F2P works anyway? An army of fairies and munchkins grinding away for your benefit....get real. Non rant over.Now, as far as a review goes....for me the only downside is that it does take time to get used to the excellent flight models and physics. Invest in a decent joystick for maximum enjoyment and if it makes any difference, dont listen to the neg reviews who bang on about GREEDY devs. You will get your ROI back in sheer pleasure.Rock on."
,Recommended,244050,7791338,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Mr.Morrow,"Game is good if you like slow flying cumbersome machines that are very moody (read stalls and stuff if not mixed and cooled right), otherwise good game, love the bombers of the WW1 era."
,Recommended,244050,16179251,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Leftenant Soap,"Simply the greatest WWI flight sim ever. The sensation of flying in this game is very realistic, the combat is historically accurate, and the graphics are beautiful. Every aircraft type has a unique personality and takes hours to master. This game is not perfect but there is a great deal of fun here to be had for armchair pilots.Do not operate near children, the elderly, or small animals. It's a hardcore flight sim and is light years beyond W********r in terms of required skill. It's more of a ""free to try"" game than ""free to play""; most of the really interesting aircraft are DLC. Understand this before knocking RoF. Also, this sim is still supported by the developers and they are continually updating and adding new content -- 7 years from release."
,Recommended,244050,30024440,Posted: 18 February,all,zerowise,"This is one of the best WW1 aviation games you will ever find. Truly. People just don't understand the way it has been divided up into paid segments. They install, they click ""Quick Mission"" and get the glitch that tells them they have to pay for the Nieuport it selects by default (just select one of the 3 planes you do own) and then quit out thinking they got cheated.Yes, the DLC looks expensive on Steam. No, you don't need any of it to fly around and have fun. You get three incredibly capable planes to fly with the free client and you can create missions with these aircraft, fly multiplayer skirmishes, and on. Anyone saying you can't play without paying or that it isn't free-to-play: it is. It certainly isn't free-to-play in the same sense as a mobile game; you cannot unlock anything in the sim without buying it. However, this is stated on the store page quite clearly.I have played many flight sims in my day, and one of my old favorites was a '90s WW1 dogfighter game called Red Baron. Anyone else remember that game? This is just as playable and compelling, and with the addition of more roles like recon/observation and dedicated bomber planes it has a ton of variety.Don't let the Steam reviews tell you this isn't worth the time or money- just get the planes you want from the publishers website. With theriseofflight.comstore you can get anything at any time for 50% off; save up 15 bucks and if you get 6 things at once it's half off. This way you can just buy exactly what you are interested in instead of Steam's package deals.Given that, the best way to handle your ROF account is to do the following:1) Register your account onriseofflight.comandnotthrough the Steam client (""Rise of Flight United"")2) Ensure that listed under your profile's ""license keys"" you have a key called exactly ""ROF FREE2PLAY""3) Download the Steam game and log in with the account you just created. Now you can purchase the cheaper aircraft one at a time if you wish or in custom bundles for a discount, and use them on your Steam client.There aren't many flight games out there any more. I'd hate to see a great one die off because people couldn't understand the way it had been monetized."
,Recommended,244050,12560036,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,kazereal,"Great simulation of early warplanes.Graphics and sounds are good.Flight model and aircraft simulation are very accurate and detailed.There is plenty of variation and things to do and there are multiple customization options for planes.Multiplayer especially has very cool features such as sharing same aircraft: a friend can be the gunner while you are flying the plane. Especially with the Felixstowe ""flying boat"" you take off from water, have buddies as gunners while going on a bombing missions: there really are very few simulation supporting that kind of interaction.Keep in mind that these planes are not easy to fly, especially not in combat.The engines are not powerful and amount of lift from the rudimentary wings is not a lot.Simulation is accurate representation of the early era of flight and for people interesting in flying biplanes this definitely is worth it to buy.So keep above points in mind when deciding if this is for you.Recommended for fans of WWI planes and flight sim fans in general."
,Recommended,244050,12230156,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Vainolainen,"For those who loved the Red Baron series in the 90's this is an excellent game. Fiendishly difficult if the realism is cranked to the fullest. You can fine tune your realism settings to your liking, but still a decent flightstick is a must. I haven't tried the multiplayer at all. I mostly fly the career mode which is randomly generated and very nicely done. If you're into flight sims and particulary this era, this is a must buy. Yes, there is a lot of money to be spent here, most of the planes are not included in the base game. But like in DCS the quality of the individual planes and the differences in flightmodels and handling are distinct. In my opinion, when something is made with this kind of dedication, it's worth a few euros.In short: It's a great simulation! You never forget your first air to air victory (because it's hard at first)."
,Not Recommended,244050,13155987,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,GrenadeBait,"No, I would not recommend......even though it's a good flight simulation, the high cost and DLC cost coupled with equaly high learning curve.>|< Quantatitive Rating = 7 out of 10 >|<______________________________Observations and other musings...You pay a lot for little!Yes, it is a very good flight sim: one of the best I have tried.  However, the price point for the base game gives you only the basics and then you have to dish out a heck of a lot of money just for some basic enhancements... like planes that should have been available from the start!.On the Steam December 2014 sale, the game wason for 60% off, which means the base game and the DLC will still cost you about $120...OMG on sale!  For that kind of money I should be able to have every piece of kit that flew in the sky in the First World War!Now get this, if $120 at 60% off doesn't satisfy your need to open your wallet, just remember, the undiscounted price is $55 for the game plus $240 for DLC!  These guys are as greedy as the guys that develop and market the DCS World sim.So, if you really want to experience a good WW1 flight sim, then get it while it's on sale, because that kind of money would be better spent on something more enriching than wasting your time on a computer, like taking your love for a romantic getaway… ;-)Now, I appreciate good quality software development.  I always look for historically accurate depictions of warfare.  I really love it when these two factors come together.  This game system is a rare breed that achieves this in a fairly good way.  The flight dynamics are great.  The planes beautiful.  The adversaries deadly.  It’s a pretty good game!But I will be ♥♥♥♥ed if I dish out that kind of money for DLC.  I will wait for a better product with more reasonable price model."
,Not Recommended,244050,11594873,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,DocGunSlinger,"For fans of WWI dog fighters this is a solid game engine, but frankly the servers it runs on are slow and buggy, career mode has been unavailable to me 3 times now and I just got the game, moreover at 50$ you get what is little more than a demo version asking you to pay 200$ for DLC to unlock all available content, It does start you with an old favorite of any Red Barron player the Sopwith Camel but most aerodromes and start dates are unavailable until you fork over more cash. The game lacks some degree of immersion I would want at the price of 50$ and the DLC is shameless. I will say the game plays well but in terms of bang for your buck it falls far short of IL-2(10$ on steam) and the massive amount of free mods available. For a hardcore dogfight fan you may be happy, but for me personally the price tag is just way to far from the benchmark."
76561197970484247,Recommended,244050,12962673,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Zommbeez,"777 Studios always makes their AI pilots superhuman headshot machines who fly their planes at the edge of the envelope 100% of the time, but you are not. You will need to learn WWI aerobatic combat maneuvers to have any chance of defeating them, but there are training vids on Youtube to teach you. You need a joystick and TrackIR setup would help alot. Use the Smoothing feature for your joystick axii or your ride will be very bumpy. Biplanes are actually a lot less finicky than they are in this game, but the flight model is okay. Just if you have ever flown in a 1920's biplane you will be wondering what's wrong with the plane.Once you get beyond all that RoF is a great game. The graphics are ultra-realistic and the planes beautifully re-created. I bought my Steam version when it was on sale last Xmas and the deals were pretty good. Cheaper than updating my original release DVD version. Kind of pricey at full price."
76561197970854105,Recommended,244050,16094301,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Old Vagabond,"Recommended - with a few caveats.Version reviewed: Rise of Flight - Channel Battles EditionAt the time of writing this sim is selling on Steam for £8.99, and the DLC between £4.79 and £6.89.  I'm willing to buy DLC of this quality at this price (in fact I've bought the lot).  When compared to £15 I just paid for the FSX Spitfire I think the Rise of Flight DLC represents good value; at full price, however, I'm not so sure.  All flight sims seem to have adopted the DLC model, with DCS World typically charging 30 quid for theirs.  They should all be put against a wall and shot.The DRM and registration is a pain, and I don't think it's made clear quite how to do this properly.  On first registering the game you're taken to the ROF website to create an account, and (if I remember correctly) you're given an activation key - but this activation key is for the demo version, and you also have to paste in your Steam purchase key as well or you do not get the Channel Battles Edition (I spent quite a while swearing and cursing about what thieves these guys were until I worked this bit out).  Likewise with the DLC, all you get from Steam is an activation key which must be entered before anything will work.The graphics and detail are gorgeous on a half decent machine (mine's two years old, so state of the art isn't required), but to set things up you need to launch a separate settings.exe file hidden away in SteamApps\common\Rise of Flight 2.0\bin_game\release\.As for the game itself, where it's good it's absolutely outstanding, and where it isn't so good it really is cr@p.  The learning curve is steep.  Those early planes were awful, and real pigs to control.  This is reflected in the flight models, and even getting the damned things off the ground is a challenge.  If you want to jump straight into dogfights without learning how to work these things you won't last long; you'll tear your wings off or spin into the ground or, maybe, get shot down.  If you're not willing to spend time learning this game then think carefully before buying it, you might be better buying something else.  On the other hand, if you do stick with it, the first time you successfully take off, complete a few circuits and land safely is a real buzz.  This sim creates a feeling of actually being in the air better than any other I've played.Where it's not so good is the mission and career selection, which all seems very muddled.  And while the the aircraft modelling is excellent, the character modelling is the worst I've seen for years, with voice acting so atrocious I winced the first time I heard it.Overall then: if you think you'd enjoy a challenging flight sim, and if it's at the right price, you should buy it.  Otherwise go to the ROF website and download the demo before spending any money.Now I'm off to have another go at getting that damned bomber off the ground..."
76561198018409348,Recommended,244050,14301059,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Smeghead,"This simulator opened a world of fascination for me. After playing for two weeks or so, I began to look for anything about WWI aviation -- stories, movies, books, and airplane models. The level of historical detail in Rise of Flight is extremely impressive, especially the vast variety of historical ""skins"" for the planes you fly, and how certain planes are available to certain squadrons at specific points during the war (in career mode).It's tough going at first, and I managed to crash probably 20 times before I managed to get my first kill in a dogfight. Once you learn about the quirks and idiosyncrasies of the individual planes, it gets much easier. Be sure to check out Requiem's excellent tutorial videos for a smoother start.If you are into flight simulators or the history of WWI in any way, I very much recommend Rise of Flight."
,Recommended,244050,10044578,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Lymanity,"This is one of the finest flight simulators I have ever played. Been flying sims since I was a kid.There are a few accessories you should probably have to get the maximum enjoyment out of this title and they aren't cheap.A head tracking device is almost necessary to get the immersion out of this title. When coupled with headphones, you can hear the nuanced wind sounds as you turn your head in your cockpit, trying to keep a beat on your enemies or just looking around at the gorgeous scenary.A flight stick is highly recommended, of course. Just like trying to play an FPS title with a controller is alike to eating ice cream with a shovel, trying to play a functional flight sim with a keyboard does not allow you the full spectrum of movement that you should have.Now, you don't have to have these things, but they are very nice to have. The problem is that these things are expensive, as is this game. I wouldn't say it's ""overpriced"" because the level of detail makes it evident that there was a lot of work that went into this title. The DLC is also very expensive and it is somewhat harder to excuse this, but the DLC themselves are bundled into packages that at least make sense. For instance, if you buy the package containing bombers, you get mostly bombers.All things considered, this is a hard game to recommend, unless you fall under the banner of a very niche audience. If you have doubts about this purchase, watch a few videos online and see if this would be for you. It's a beautiful experience, but to get the most enjoyment out of it you have to have a certain set up."
76561198030374060,Recommended,244050,16461497,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Nukealope,"I'm a pilot, in real life.  I'm also a big gamer, and have played most of the flight  sims out there.This game is good.  The graphics are exellent, the flight physics are a great blend between fun and simulation, and it hits all the right notes.  The ability to fine tune the flight physics in the game options, opting between linear and S-curved feedback controls from your joystick, for example, make this game a step above the others in terms of the serious pilot simulator.That said, this game does have some miscues.  The menu options are somewhat vague and not very intuitive.  This is true throughout the game, and is a serious issue when you're trying to set up your camera hotkeys, for example.  It's more than just a little confusing.  The tutorial is kind of a joke, and is probably better skipped altogether.  The second tutorial, for example, turns you loose in the plane but doesn't explain how to start the engine...  and like everything in this game, there's a key combination to do that for you.... if you can find it.Don't get caught thinking that there's only 2 or 3 planes to play.  There are more, but again, there's no documentation about how to install the game properly, so you'll end up playing the Free to Download version that doesn't have all the maps or planes unlocked.  Simply write down your CD key after you install it, and add that to your online profile that you've created.  Next time you log in, it should unlocked most of the planes and maps in the game.This game is hard...  and it didn't have to be.  With some proper documentation, hot keys, and a serious effort on the english tutorial, it would have been a great game.  It's still a lot of fun, if lacking a little in the atmosphere department, but overall a good sim."
76561198150579178,Recommended,244050,14434698,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,13aceofspades13,"now when i got this game i didn't understand why it had mixed reviews, i watch videos on youtube and the flight simulator community eats this game up like a fresch cherry pie, they seem to love the hell out of it and talk so highly out of it, so when i saw the mixed reviews i was kind of suprised, and didn't undersand and now I do... now before i get too that lets get too the Pros of the game.PROSthe pros of this game are simple, if you are a avid flight simulator player like myself you will enjoy the higher graphics the game has to offer, clean, smooth, the game has VERY nice graphics and seem to be somewhat realistic in appearence on the aircraft, the cockpits also are nicely detailed with working gauges, instroments and controls, and just like any other flight simulator getting kill after kill is addicting. damage effects are pretty spectacular too watch, peaces of wing come off, fires spread rather than just rapidly burst, props break, holes develope on the aircraft pretty much where you hit your target, very very nice... skins for the aircraft are also relatively easy too mod aside from the fact you have to have a higher setting for your editor so your skins don't look all pixely.CONSthis is where i get too undersand things, if you are not a avid or hard core flight simulator player like myself, you will probably NOT like this game, in hard mode the planes seem too be VERY difficult too fly, i understand the old war birds wherent easy too fly, but come on guys the DR-1 Fokker triplane could turn too the left without rapily jerking into a stall so easily, and its either you have this on and can perform coplex maneuvers that require a stall, or you turn it off and can hardly stall the plane at all to do spacific complex maneuvers, in CFS3 or FSX you could adjust the difficulty marginally and get used to the difficulty, i guess i was spoiled buy that? doing simple maneuvers such as the immelman turn, the barrel role, seem impossible, these aircraft seem too have the roll rate of a lead brick, especually at lower speeds, but even at higher i noticed once the aircraft seems to go inverted it just wants to stop rolling and it drops out of the sky, i have a feeling these aircraft really rolled faster than that as this was the erra maneuvers such as the Immelman turn, or the barrel role where conceved, and don't even start to get me going on the camera controls, they work really good when you only have 4 or 5 enemy planes in a formation, at the push of a button you can set your pilot too view your enemy looking straight at him from the cockpit, but when you are blistering buy everyone in a Spad XIII, its difficult too get a lock on one target too stay focused on it, you loose targets all the time and its REALLY frustrating, because suddenly as you click the button on your joystick your guy looks at a DR-1 Fokker that blistered buy with no intention of shooting you... this is frustrating when your 6 inches from the ground trying too keep track of how close you are too it and you cycle between a forward looking down the sights cockpit view, and looking right at your enemy, there appears no way too select one target out so you don't have this happen, once again something i was spoiled buy in several flight simulators i suppose. and lastly, why don't all the planes come with the game, why are there only 10 of the some 30-40 planes avalible too fly? and why do 4 of them cost some $25? i just got done paying $50 or so dollars for this game and we have all these issues that i don't have with a flight simulator that was made back in 2001...VERDICTi suppose i would recommend it too some avid flight sim players or obsessed gamers where thats all they do with there life is eat chips and play games, its fun and has good graphics, other than that if you are looking for a fun arcade style shooter flier, or are a beginner, i suggest staying away..."
,Not Recommended,244050,8384030,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,The Cartographer,"This game is 50 dollars. 50! it comes with 3 planes, the rest you need to buy. many missions and careers require certain planes. certain planes that I didnt buy, making my experience in the game very limited."
,Recommended,244050,8251761,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Maniac,"ROF is a WW1 Airial combat simulator.The graphical qualities are very impressive, from the ground textures, to the battle damage.The flight dynamics are too very impressive. yet adjustable, via ingame settings, you can simplyfy the physics, meaning it becomes much harder to tip stall, or spin out of control.This game does require some practice before you get anywhere. My advice if you decide to make the great choice in purchasing this game, do the tutorials, and get head tracking.Head tracking (i use FreeTrack) makes this game so immersive, and it is almost a must have, it makes spotting where your enemy has goine, so much easier.It is so easy to get engrosed in this game, I have foud it both challenging, and fun, This is a MUST have simulator for any buddng pilot, or for any one whom thinks they too coulod be a WW1 fighter ace.Pitch your skill against talented AI, or exceptionally talented PvP combat."
,Recommended,244050,9059903,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,No.501_Spectre,"Rise of Flight is a World War 1 flight sim that is a game made for flight sim enthusiast's, thus the game tenders to a small audience and genre. The game upon start-up is a tad confusing for someone who has never really had a flight sim, but being a normal gamer I ventured into the unknown playing a quick match. After taking awhile to find the ""Start Mission"" button I was off.The game is visually stunning, even for me with a relatively old gaming rig. The detail to the airplane is stunning and really helps capture the feel of playing in one of these vintage aircraft, from the seat to the gunsight everything seems authentic and comes alive as you fly around and if you have any interest in airplanes this game takes you right in.For controls it really depends, the only thing I can say specifically is that you NEED a joystick. Its required to play unless you want to spend hours assigning controls to your mouse. Anyways, each plane has its own play style and handles differently. Some planes require more mastery of the controls to play than others. I found that for noobs the best planes to play are German, I found they were easier to control over the British and French planes.The Game has a couple of different modes, obviously a multi-player mode but it also has a campaign, quick match and Career mode. In Multi-player I feel as though everyone should know how it works but if not: All servers have their own maps and rules with differing difficulties meaning only so much help is given to you via onscreen gauges and auto managed engine controls. Usually the objective is to kill the enemy. Pretty basic. The campaign is (from what I gathered) just a bunch of missions with varying objectives, from intercept enemy fighters to attacking their bases. Finally my favourite mode: Career mode. In Career mode you get to choose from either Belgian, French, British or German careers (When you pick a side you are just picking a squadron from that nationality). Once you've selected what side you want to play for, you can change the date (Between September 1916, to December 1918) to get the aircraft you want, because they are available only during the time they were available during the war. Once you've done that you pick your name, age and background (E.G: I was a fisherman from New Foundland). Finally you get to play the game, the Career mode is connected to a server so you get to see leaderboards for overall scores, and people in your squadrons score. I personally like the feature, adds a bit more of a goal and sort of drives you a bit. The game also gives you a newspaper every week and its actually pretty fun to see the progression of the war in-game and on the right it has the top 50 aces and its cool to see how some keep passing the other. In Career mode you start off as the low of the low, a grunt pilot who gets assigned missions and you do em, but you get a bit of an option. In my first Career mode I decided that doing the missions were not eventful enough so I broke away from my flight and went off on my own to hunt down some Germans, I found 3 and killed them. Returning to base and finishing the flight I got awarded a Victoria Cross and a Military Cross, it was kinda cool to be awarded medals. Makes the game have even more of a goal. After a month of playing I now have him pretty high on the leaderboards. Sadly, the career mode allows for restarting the mission so I doubt many people in the top 100 have played fairly.One thing that is very angering is the selection of planes, there are around 8-10 base planes. I assume since the game isnt very popular, the dev's made it so that to get any more planes you have to pay for the packs. It wouldnt even be that bad if the packs didnt cost $25-$30. And you only get like 4 planes, a rip off but what can you do? I would personally like to be able to make my own combination of 4 planes and pay like $15. Seems more reasonable. The base planes are among the most popular like the ""Sopwith Camel"" and the ""Albatros"" so atleast you dont have to be at a disadvantage in multiplayer because they are good fighters, just sucks there is barely any variety.The learning curve for this game is not that bad, obviously its there and pretty hard but compared to DCS or IL2 its alot better because the planes are relatively simple, and if you really cant stand all the realistic settings you can switch em off which makes it much easier for people who could care less about learning the game and just want to shoot other planes. It caters to hardcore flight sim players and people just interested in World War 1 aviation.A couple of personal notes that I want to discuss: Multiplayer with friends is absolutely a ton of fun, playing seriously or just messing around; Its a ton of fun. The game allows for players to be in the same plane so you and a couple friends can all be in a bomber just having the laughs of your life or actually trying to win it for the team, either way its awesome. Although, the game as a lone wolf is a bit depressing. Even when trying my hardest the enemy always seems to best me in turning or diving, and no one ever really trys to back you up. Obviously some games people coordinate the team but most times its just Call Of Duty World War 1 planes.My final verdict is 8.5/10. The game looks amazing, has a pretty wide variety of missions and career mode is endless fun, Multiplayer can be hit or miss with some people and the lack of a variety with the planes kinda sucks. The core mechanics are solid and fluid and the game can be switched from super realistic to arcade style."
76561197969654065,Recommended,244050,8505172,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Fazer_Beam,"First thing first: This is a simulator, not an arcade game. It requires time to learn to flight properly, and it surely need a joystick. If it's your cup of tea, I recommend the game. The flight models are quite accurate, and the feeling of flying on a stringbox plane is really fun. Forget high G maneuvers, HUD and fly-by-wire. You need to learn to fly with the bottom of your pants, with few instruments and navigate by sight. The planes are fragile, and a too steep dive may overrev the engine or tear up the wings, even successfully landing back after a mission is a victory. The options include some flying helps, and fully configurable joystick response. There are three campaign, a training one and one for each side in the war. The multiplayer part seems good, but I still didn't try that skies."
76561198027222998,Recommended,244050,12076406,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,fuzaan,Awesome game. Reminiscent of Red Baron II/3d - needs a bit of aeronautical knowledge to avoid spinning into the ground
76561198046373478,Recommended,244050,12372643,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Enrike_Hamalia,"I find this a really interesting and very cool game, the game it self just being based in WWI is a very rare find as WWII hogs the show for the most part. The pros of this game would be fantastic graphics stunning physics and the AI will have you clinching your ""ehhem"" buttocks everytime an enemy flier gets on you. Cons being DLC is on the high end, but hey if you want such high quality stuff you gotta pay premium and the fact that this game is bought almost exlusivly by hardcore simmers makes a difference in the price."
,Recommended,244050,31125888,Posted: 13 April,all,Kevs,"If you are looking for an airplane game, stay away from ROF.Now, if you are looking for a faithful representation of WW1 air combat experience, get ready to be amazed.The term ""Free to Play"" is to be taken loosely, consider it a ""sample version"".You don't have to have all planes either, just the ones you care to fly.The cost of plane packages is not high if you take into account the amount of work each one has, but still, you can get amazing deals if you wait for offer season.Now, this is a ""one of a kind"" sort of sim. Very detailed, not a ""full procedure"" sim as DCS (airplanes start with the push of a button, although you can see the actual start procedure in the cockpit), but you do have to manage the engine completely.The behaviour of the planes is very realistic, damage models are very precise, making battles a cinematic wonder in some cases. All natural forces are replicated, from wind to gravity, exceedingly high speeds will rip your plane appart, damaged wing may suffer from stress and detach easily, and you can even try your last resort and pull your Luger out and attempt a more...""personal approach"".Although it has training and campaigns, this is more dedicated towards sorties and online play (don't disregard the campaigns though'!)This is not an experience that holds your hand through learning how to fly, you are expected to do some research appart from the sim, but this is an excelent entry point for the flight sim enthusiast, as cockpits are much simpler than newer flying machines (WW2 and later).With the right approach, you will be fighting in no time!So summing up:-This is a simulator, not a ""game"" per se. Expect studying a little about airplanes to master the controls.-The ""Free"" portion of this sim is more of a ""Test"" than a ""F2P"".-You don't need all the planes for you will most likely dedicate yourself to master only a few of them.-Wait for Sales to get amazingly low prices!-STICK IS REQUIRED! (for a pleasent experience).-Track IR is recommended for ease of enemy detection and situational awareness.10/10 best WW1 aircraft sim out there..."
,Recommended,244050,23241614,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Wop-Actual,"It's the best in its class. You want to feel what it's like flying a wooden coffin with paper wings and wind rushing your face? Look no further. After mastering a few aircrafts, you'll feel like a pro keeping your plane airborne without any autopilot or trimming systems. Trying to score a kill is another story. While a daunting task to be proficient, you'll forget about some of the frustration and marvel at the gorgeous French and English scenery at 3000m altitude without any parachute to save you if something goes wrong. Recommended for fans of flight sims who want something different than WW2 or modern fighters."
,Recommended,244050,8642208,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,ViceChaplain,"Do you want to fly by wire, cruising at the edge of consciousnessness, bleeding at your ears from the G-loads?This game is not for you.Do you want to gust about in descending circles on a vibrating, shakey wicker chair with wings, in a game of death seeing who falls faster than an opponent?Then climb aboard!"
,Recommended,244050,23923674,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Alienasa,"If you are into realistic flight simulators or early 20th century history I'd totally recommend this sim for you. The flight model of this game is realistic as you're gonna get, especially in a WW1 flight sim which there aren't a lot of. The sim is also a lot of fun if you emmerse yourself in the community, after all online play in this requires team work to get objectives done, but also team work inside an aircraft as in communication between pilot and gunners. However do expect everything to be quite hard core. This sim is not going to hold your hand on almost anything, but that's a challange and I like it a lot. So if you are looking for a quick round of arcade pew pew at other planes, just forget it. Don't start playing this and post a bad review after 10 minutes of play. This sim requires patience and love or respect for the planes in this particular time in history.Also I'd like to point out I'm disappointed with all the negative reviews for this. People seem to completely misunderstand this simulator, as well as it's business model. People complain that everything is expensive and the free base of the game doesn't offer enough. Well guess what, in the free game you have 3 planes. When this game was still payed that was about the same amount of content you got for the base package. My point is, be glad you can play this for free at all. As for the other paid content, the devs put A LOT of effort in making all the planes and content as realistic as they can which takes a lot of time and money. The price is totally fair, especially during steam sales when they are a total steal. If you don't want to spend any money on quality content, fine, but don't post bad reviews because you're too salty to appreciate anything."
76561197993404470,Recommended,244050,16274098,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Biscuits Akimbo,"I generally avoid writing reviews for games, but after checking out this game's store game based on the name change to ""Rise of Flight United"" rather than ""Rise of Flight"", I saw this game's rating has plummetted since I played it 9ish months ago. How can this be? Based upon reading the reviews, a bunch of people installed the game now that it's free and proceeded to trash it with negative reviews, which I guess is understandable considering that this game appeals to a niche audience. If you're the type of person that enjoys a high-fidelity, historical flight sim that demands a joystick and patience, this game is for you. If you can appreciate that to play the game without any computer assistance you need to learn how to monitor your engine's fuel mixture, this game is for you. If the career mode, in which you follow your own pilot (replete with a nice narrative via his biography) throughout the war as you rack up victories and medals and eventually command your own squadron, this game is for you. If you're going to install this game because you see that it's free, there's a good chance it isn't for you. Please try it; that's why the devs made it free. In the free version you can access the game in full and decide whether or not its a right fit for you. If it isn't, just move on. But don't be like justmeman117, who after less than two hours gave it a negative review and ranted for at least that long about the game's marketing.Of course, that said, this game really does have ♥♥♥♥♥♥ marketing, and I regret sinking so much money into the steam version. Last year I spent probably $70 on the paid game and stupid dlc packs which left me with a mish mash of campaigns, planes, and dumb crap like streamers for my plane and coloured scarves for my pilot, when all the while the game could be downloaded free onriseofflight.com. To add insult to injury, you used to be able to buy all the game's content for $50 via their website, an option that's no longer available. If you're reading this, I suggest you refrain from playing or paying via steam for this game and go straight to the source.Of course, despite all that this game is still fantastic, and it scratches an itch and serves a niche like no other game. Flying above the French countryside is beautiful, looking down at no-man's land from the clouds is an impresive experience, and combat is  visceral, intense, and incredibly rewarding. Probably the most dramatic, nail-biting episode in any video game I've ever played was my epic duel with a French Ace in career mode, and my triumphal yell upon scoring my first kill was deafening. One of my all time favorites, and don't let the torrent of pouty reviewers dissuade you if you think this is your sort of game. Just try it; it's free! Sort of..."
76561198045470526,Recommended,244050,8134507,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Crazy Eight,"Not an easy game and not very friendly to starters. But once you learn the basics Its very fun. Small things like shooting down an enemy, Bombing a target, or even fancy things like becoming an ACE feel so rewarding. The game is great for anyone who seeks a challenge in gaming. Go get a joystick if you don't have one and pick up this game.ONE IMPORTANT THING THOUGH!It's a great game but the DLC can cost a lot. Buy the DLC only when its on sale, It's worth getting but with only 4 new planes per DLC pack you may want to wait it to be cheaper before buying..."
,Recommended,244050,26196217,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,magicmushroom79,"There is a lot of negitivity about the game but I don't get it. I love the game, yes it gets expensive if you want more then two or whatever planes but I thinks its money well deserved to the developers. I mean It's free to play so you can try it out first. The game does require patience, but that is because this is a really acurate sim with a lot of just flying mixed with some guns, crashes and other satisfying things that are only magnified by the repetitive things."
,Recommended,244050,13128628,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,WestHatMann,"This game is the #1 WW1 Flight simulator in the world!!! Its career could literally take up to 3 years if you finish 1 mission per day. The planes are easy to fly. This game supports Eyefinity and track IR support. The DLC's are worth it and people complain that it's $200 for them all. If you want them cheaper, just wait till the next sale or do some Steam Trades, simple. Look at the high quality modeling that goes into the plane models. As a modeler myself, and it would take me almost 1 weeks just for 1 plane model and each DLC gives you four of them. Look at Train simulator 2015, it has $4,000 worth of DLC's and DCS where they give you only 1 plane per DLC for the same price as ROF and they are not that good.So... Is it worth it (on sale or retail)?-Most definitely!Should i get the DLC's-YES! just wait till they go on sale if you can wait a while or steamtrades.Should i read the negative reviews?-If you want. They mostly complain about the DLC's because they ""cost too much"" and they can’t wait for it to go on sale. As I always say, ""the longer you wait, the cheaper it will get."""
76561198022266545,Recommended,244050,10859776,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Jacko®,"The best flying sim out there in my view, unlike the new flight sims and for that matter new planes you actually have to fly and land these things YOURSELF.Fantastic game with a strong following makes this a good purchase at anytime and I found it to be in the spirit of the old Amiga game WINGS which was until this pearl was released the most enjoyable flying game I had played.Jacko Rating8/10"
76561198041228725,Recommended,244050,10643788,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Tranquil,"The steep learning curve brings you to great heights! Totally worth the effort. Joystick is a must and TrackIR or anything like it is recommended. My joystick could be better, but I'm still having fun with it. Sometimes I really feel the lack of a tracking system like TrackIR. Looking around with my joystick button is faster than using my mouse, but it's a bit annoying from time to time. Anyway, the immersive gameplay is brilliant!The beautiful sound of your starting engine, controlling your mixture and/or radiator, orientating using only the map and your eyes, it's captivating. It makes you feel in control, feel connected to the charming technology of a past era. Shooting down an enemy is one thing, getting back to base in one piece (or at least being able to land) is another. I like the game very much, because more than in any other simulator you spend a lot of time keeping your plane in the air while orientating yourself. If you play it on full realism, that is.Buy it on sale, it's worth the 23 euros (at the moment). Decide which extra planes you want and buy the DLC that have them included. Every planes behaves differently, and once you fall in love (or already are in love) with a certain plane, you will crash and die a lot with it, while laughing your pants off.Don't be scared by the learning curve, I'm a mediocre player and I'm able to have fun with it. If you love WW1 planes, buy this game with the money you would have spent on food and just live on water and bread for a week. If you're tempted, don't resist. If you hate it, you should ask yourself why you visited the store page of this game, and buy it anyway."
76561198006988141,Recommended,244050,13099240,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Ost Vind,"Enjoyed it due to the fact that it is completely different than most other flight simulators, however the fact that you have to spend money to get new planes/paint schemes versus unlockables sucks."
,Recommended,244050,30028426,Posted: 19 February,all,Captain Cavitation,"This is a good simulator.The Negative reviews are mainly about the fact you have to buy planes, hey, a Developer needs money, right?The simulation is good, albeit a bit difficult, this is not warthunder, this is a sim.Though its fun, learning in this game is an experience. Would reccomend.10/10"
76561197970438351,Recommended,244050,8456520,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,LittleFokker,"This is a really challenging flight simulator with a high learning curve. The planes are slow, but very agile and force you to really learn to fly them in order to be successful in your offline or online games. I wish the online community was a bit more active, now it seems there are just two or three servers with more than 20 people."
,Recommended,244050,10948332,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,pavig,"Amazing flight model, great graphics for a study sim, and set in the age of the Red Baron. What's not to love? Stick or hotas required if you wish to turn off any flight assists. The planes are curmudgeonly and barely hang in the air as it is, so require lots of finesse and tweaking to keep them aloft. Challenging close quarters dogfights are great fun. TrackIR. Highly recommended."
76561198068837007,Recommended,244050,10847077,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Derpicide,Well once i figured out a good happy median between realism and arcade-ish-ness I started to really flipping enjoy this game... I only use a simple logitech joystick i got at best buy but i bet if i had a force feedback stick with rudder peddals i could fly on higher realism but as it is I would just constantly go into a spin and crash into the ground (Not fun)I swear i must have been a pilot in some other life because I like this game more than I should.
,Recommended,244050,31812937,Posted: 17 May,all,BusterKeaton,"I love this game!  That doesn't mean it's easy to play - but if you're willing to be patient and enjoy the ride, the process of learning can be a lot of fun.  I bought all the planes during a Steam sale for about $60, and with a joy-stick and a head-tracking system (TrackIR 5) I took to the skies starting with an early fighter (Airco DH2).  I plan to work my way through the war and learn each plane as they historically entered the fray.  Free-flying practice on Mission mode is perhaps my favorite.  I found that it's important that you spend time in the air just flying for the joy of it in order to get a feel for what your plane can do.  This should be done BEFORE you start flying around people who want to kill you.  :)  After awhile you'll discover that the flying part gets easy.  The taking off and landing parts...may require a little more practice.  Just remember to take your time and not be in any hurry.  Since this is the war that ends all wars, it won't be over anytime soon."
76561198345102521,Recommended,244050,29470635,Posted: 24 January,all,silver84,"Rise of Flight is easily one of, if not the best flight sim I have ever played.  It even shows in the negative comments, you don't see many negative comments about the gameplay, you see negative comments lamenting the fact that you have to pay to get more planes.  This is not misadvertizement on the publisher's end, as the game says it is free to play, not free to own every plane in it, and the description of the game lays out the three free planes you get.  Now that I've denfended the game in that respect, let's talk about the many great features RoF has to offer.  It has an incredibly extensive library of planes, and, with any kind of simulator--farm, flight, or train, youo will be paying for the extra content.  But it is more than worth it.  The DLC regularly goes on sale for 66% off which means that you can get a pack of nine planes and a whole new map for $9-10, in reference to the Channel Battles DLC, which I would reccommend getting first as it gives a huge variety of planes, many of which are featured on  multiplayer maps, such as the stellar Fokker Dr. VII and Felixstowe F2.a which is flyable on the Inspiration Island multiplayer map.  It is a flying boat with the capacity to carry two 230-ish pond bombs and is, by far, one of the most fun planes to fly in the game.  Let it be noted, however, that the feld and weapons modifications must be purchased in the ""Ace Pack,"" which is one small gripe I have.The graphics, sound, and physics are all absolutely wonderful--even on low settings the planes and landscape look quite good, you wouldn't expect this game to be as old as it is.  Physics can be adjusted, as can ease of piloting, which can be expected wiht any simulator.  The menu is laid out well and makes sense, and there are extensive biographies and specs for all the planes that are pretty spot-on for accuracy (and yes, I have cross referenced many of them).  You can do campaigns, careers, multiplayer, and quick battles.  Quick battles are especially fun because you can put 30 planes in the air and stage an end-all dogfight.  Before we move on, though, let's talk about multiplayer.  This is one of the most fun games to play with friends.  You have very realistic physics and even better damage models.  Crashes are, for the lack of a better word, sublime, and you will have hours of fun messing with your friends and playing back mission  logs on the built-in movie recorder.  So this game gives you a lot more opportunity than you would think for free.I have invested in a lot of DLC and my friend has invested in none.  We still have a blast playing it together though, even if he only has the three planes.  It's a great game to play with friends and mess around with that quickly turns into a very real and exciting experience that you want to invest in.  Having all the DLC planes just gives you something else to fly, it doens't change the game that much at all.The bottom line is this: you can tell that a lot of care and hard work went into this game by a relatively small team.  They have made the game free to play as a demo that offers you every single feature of the game except for the Channel Map and all the other planes.  You can get hours of enjoyment just flying the Albatros D V.a around in a quick game shooting at other planes (you can fly against any plane in the game in a quick match, you just can't pilot them yourself).  I know I sound like a fanboy, but I have a real passion for aviation and flight simulators, and this one is incredible.  So to see it getting bad ratings just because players can't have the 60 or so planes that the game offers for free agitates me slightly.  This game has a lot to offer, whether you want to invest in it or not.  So I encourage you to give it a try--it truly is as close to perfect I've seen a WWI flight sim get.  Happy flying :)Note: As the page says, once you have installed the Steam version of this game on your computer, you cannot use the version off of the Rise of Flight website and vice-verse.  There is a great forum on that website, by the way that can probably answer any questions you may have about the game.  As far as performance goes, I play this on my mid-range laptop with an Intel i7 processor that clocks in at about 2.5 Gz and two integrated graphics cards-- a Radeon m335 and an Intel R HD 520, both of which are not too special.  I run the game with all settings high except for render disntance, HRD, textures filtering and antialiasing which are lower and I get anywhere from  23-30 fps."
76561198107842806,Recommended,244050,28836235,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,davbla,"Most negative reviews center around the fact that you have to pay for additional planes, which I find a bit strange because you already get a state-of-the-art sim with 3 great planes for free ! Every plane is meticulously modeled and I think it's fair that the developpers get something in return for their hard work, don't you think ? And if you wait for a sale, I think it starts to become a no brainer ...I only recently got into this sim and I must say I am very impressed. The way this sim conveys the feeling of true flight is really very convincing. As an avid flight simmer (FSX, Prepar3d, Xplane, DCS, Falcon BMS, ...you get the picture) and RW professional pilot I think IMHO this sim has nailed it on all accounts : very realistic flight and damage modelling, deep ""systems"" modelling (as far as it goes for WWI), graphics are very nice for a DX9 engine, performance on my rig (4670k / GTX980Ti) is excellent (lots of options to tweak), and general immersiveness is top notch.IMHO, I think compared to modern era aerial warfare, WW1 dogfights lend themselves better to PC flight simming with its inherent hardware limitations due to the relatively lower speeds and closer engagement ranges. It's the ideal platform to learn all about dogfight tactics and manoeuvres...In short, for all flight sim and WW1 aviation enthusiasts looking for a realistic old-fashioned stick and rudder experience, this is simply a must have !...Oh yes, one more thing, I had an issue with the activation of some DLC (I forgot I had two different accounts and erroneously activated my DLC on my non-steam account) and the support team helped me out extremely fast, I was impressed...again !"
76561198046132176,Recommended,244050,15993125,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Aquamarine,i flipped the brand new triplane on the day of its debue.........my squad doesent like me anymore so im stuck with an albatross. 10/10 would flip expensive plane again
,Recommended,244050,30074220,Posted: 20 February,all,Mr. Offensive,The community is amazingly friendly and the game itself is very relaxing to play every now and then even in the default planes you get.
,Recommended,244050,8333186,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,simpiou,"awsome game,nice model, nice graphic.best WWI flight simulation i think"
76561198066272265,Recommended,244050,10968748,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,MabZ-THE-COON,You can do a backflip in a pile of sticks. 10/10
76561197970433771,Recommended,244050,22712195,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Neofightr,A must have for any flight sim enthusiast. Fantastic attention to detail and great flight models. It really makes you appreciate the flying skills needed back in those days. I love the variety and history of the planes.A well made flight sim.
76561197999423205,Recommended,244050,31990625,Posted: 27 May,all,RisTanA,WW1 flight sim. Absolutely amazing if you have the money to pay for the DLC or can get it on sale.
,Recommended,244050,30638435,Posted: 20 March,all,NoPizzaNoGlory,"If you expect an arcade game, this is not for you. If however you want a WWI flight sim, then this is for you! I love it! :-)"
,Recommended,244050,8348838,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Skipernicus,"Initially, my review was negative. But thanks to a handy tip, I'm now happy. I'm leaving the review up so you who have the same trouble as I did can see the answer:If you are using a widescreen monitor (my resolution is 1440 x 900), you will be unable to register your game.Additionally, within the game, there are menu items at the bottom of the screen THAT WILL BE UNAVAILABLE to you. Important things, like Keys Activation and Options, because the game will automatically size them off your screen.This fix is outlined below."
76561198124917638,Recommended,244050,10795923,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Madvillian,love this it has good combat and if ur into ww1 planes this is for u
76561198117415944,Recommended,244050,16458685,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Coil Der Schäferhund,"this is a great game for anyone who loves a realistic flight sim and/or WWI era games.not much more i can say other than its now free to play so give it a try.also i love the damage modles, there so good!"
76561198004676262,Recommended,244050,8919882,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,sharemyvalue,"Very exciting experience with no compromise on flight model and damage model, German Fokkers are more manuverable , run well on both my I5 -750 aging overclocked 3.7G quad core and my new i7-4770K (no need to overclock),My advice is to save your ammo and get back alive ."
76561198032251854,Recommended,244050,29648995,Posted: 2 February,all,Wraithweave,"An excellent WWI flight simulator with no searious competition to challenge it. This game was a stand-alone game without Steam for few years, before they made the Steam port. I've watched it grow, and unfortunately, stall, since. If you enjoy realistic aerodynamics, thinking before engaging, mechanical knowledge and historical air battles, this game is for you. If you look for instant victory casual arcade smash-'em-up within 5 seconds of pressing the ""fly"" button, this game is not for you.Also, you will probably come across plenty of negative reviews of people whining you'll have to buy lots of planes with real life money to play this free game. This is untrue. You start with few planes in the free version that are the top of their class, no doupt. Specially when mastered, these planes are nearly untouchable, specially the French SPAD. The planes you can buy with real money are early WWI planes, mainly used in the early years of career mode or early war multiplayer maps.+ Uncompeted simulator level+ Looks good+ Damage models, machine gun behaviour, etc+ Real WWI feeling, no Battlefield 1 ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t+ Your skill matters, not your equipment+ Friendly community (the official RoF forum) with lotsa help and tutorials available for both new and old players- Developement has been completely forzen for 2+ years, as devs work on Battle of Stalingrad- Fighting the AI becomes incredibly dull after you know their patterns- Some multiplayer maps are humongous, you spend 40min seeing nothing, till someone bounces you from above and behind and kills you in 2 sec. (Not really an issue with the game itself)- Talking about multiplayer maps, they are mostly dead. Except for the diehard aces who dominate the maps and instant-gimp any poor beginner trying to challenge them."
,Recommended,244050,29295638,Posted: 16 January,all,Abisem,"Best flight simulator available, imho. Period.This is not simply a game but a complex, detailed, researched and well developed simulator which recreates not only the shape, sound, speed and behavior of some of the most wild machines to ever fly on the skies of Europe, but even their feeling. If you haven't the required hardware (joystick, a good video card and a decent PC) and the required mindset (will and patience to try, fail, retry, read, learn, hardly shoot and easily get shot), this is not the game for you. Some people complain the fact that you have to buy planes and extras, something I find utterly ridiculous considering than even smartphone games nowadays give you ""buy to play"" contents, and here we are talking about well researched, designed and developed planes fo a century ago, each one reproduced with a lot of care and detail.Surely it's not a game of simple ""click and shoot"", but when you are on an open cockpit with wind and engine sound in your ears, surrounded by a beautiful landscape, clouds and light effects, looking from above a group of unaware foes below you, ready to dive on them to empty your machine guns on their wood and canvas machine, you get one of the most sincere reproduction of a dogfight a computer game has ever given to a player."
,Recommended,244050,25712899,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Vander,"Yes, atm there is no better WW1 Combat Simulator around, by far. I enjoy the game in all aspects except one. AI - AI - AI - Clearly maths, programing and WW1 fighters present some issues.In Career.1. Restarted 5x to have the same outcome where my flight leader crashes into buddies right after take off. Had to restart the game for a diffirent result where no one dies in the first 10 sec aftger take off.2. AI Fokker EIII Group attacking MG or AAA impacement like idiots. ONly flight lead shoots at it and dives while rest of wing follows the dangerous path without using lead.3. Shooting balloons with AI is messed up. Again only the flight leader dives, 99% not flaming it up. Which means I need to dive with and catchup in height the rest of the mission.4. AI with 'better planes' just go down in altitude where you out-turn them and again spend rest of mission catching up.5. AI so repetative it's not even funny.6. Flew in a group where one AI lost one landing wheel. Wanted to see what they will do when RTB. They ended up flyinig at 600m above airfield till fuel ran out and 3/4 crashed into buidling/trees and the guy with 1 wheel was the only to survive what seemed a managable crash landing...7. So now you head to MP servers which are all mostly emty except for one with like uber vets on it and if you don't keep at it for days or weeks you will just get messed up there real bad.Given the amount of money for RoF with all expansions, I should have a career mode that works.So AI breaks Career mode for me, Vets brake MP for me. Single missions are not long term enough. So basically this powerfull game with potential - You just end up not playing. Only place I find worth while is Coop MP with a friend or two. Now they either don't own joysticks and such and end up enjoying far less than me."
76561197989642784,Recommended,244050,8405860,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Don,GREAT GAME
76561198024233717,Recommended,244050,8289558,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Julbergh,"This is a good investment if you are new to flight simulations in general. Planes of the WW1 era were so simple machines, that you don't need to learn all kind of complicated technological gimmicks of the later era flying machines. You are just simply flying these fragile machines, that were pioneering the whole flying era of the human race. Flying these machines can still be very challenging, and mastering the art of flying with these machines is an art form in itself. Jump in, enjoy the scenery, and go back in time for a journey you will not forget."
,Recommended,244050,10962861,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,THEREDBARONmvr,"A very realistic and fun flight simulator set in WW1, the only bad thing about this game is the price of the addons. BE WARNED THIS DOES NOT RUN WELL ON WEAK COMPUTERS!(EDIT: 6/4/15 Wait, why did they make it a free to play game!?!)"
,Recommended,244050,13771806,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Mr. Fancypants,"This game is the best Flight Sim i ever played.Every little detail that wend into this game showed how much love and passion they devs have for this game.My flightstick broke so i had to use the keyboard to steer my plane. A pain in the♥♥♥♥♥becouse everyone who fly's sims with the keyboard only knows how anoying that is. So all that was left was my Xbox controller.... and it works! Of course i had to do some key binding in order to make it work *i also still have to use my keyboard for other commands* But it works!A shame is the amount of DLC that are for it. The game started as a F2P where you have to buy stuff in order to have different guns, planes, pilot scarf, pistol etc.But once you buy the packs in a steam sale i can ensure you that you will enjoy it 100%.This is a simulator for the hardcore flight sim veterans"
76561198198625671,Recommended,244050,30426212,Posted: 10 March,all,Alfredo Potato Gaming,A fun flight sim with a very detailed damage model. The flight model is directly related to the flight model. You could have 2 wings shot off your plane and still fly. All the stock planes are very capable. Buy planes from 777's website because it is less expensive then buying from steam (sorry gayben).
,Recommended,244050,2573440,"Posted: 9 September, 2013",all,ImaCorgi,"This is by far the best flight simulator I have ever had the pleasure of experiencing. If you lack the MAAAAANIES for the steam version, there is a free to play version on their website over atriseofflight.com. It has everything the standard version has, but only two planes (SPAD XIII and Albatros D.Va)."
76561198030237316,Recommended,244050,9109157,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,War Son,Hard as butts. More fun than butts though. Buy it.
,Recommended,244050,8562652,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Wilhelm,"This is a very neat game. Be prepared to crash and burn a few times before you fly. ALTHOUGH. I can only recomend this if you have a joystick, or a controller. player with a keyboard is hell with this game. The planes dont respond well with a keyboard. If you have a lower end computer, I would advise to hold off on it. For me, it freezes up fairly often, although I do love the game. Over all, I would definetly recomend it if you are a fan of aviation. Especially WW1 aviatio."
76561198005811840,Recommended,244050,9144074,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,chris.marlow4,"First the good news - This game looks absolutely gorgeous, even with the graphics down a fair bit for my rather mediocre PC. (2yrs old, onboard graphics, no graphics card)I suppose you might argue that since it's only serious predecessor is Red Baron II it was bound to look pretty good! I've not flown a huge number of WW1 aircraft :-) , but I'm guessing that it gives a very good simulation of this. One area that I do think is a bit suspect however, is the weapons' effect. In my last flight I was firing 2 machine guns at a couple of guys in a wood and canvas box from less that 50 metres, without causing them too much distress as far as I could see. In the real world I'm about average with a machine gun, all be it from a firm bipod not the engine cowling of a Sopwith Camel, but even so there is no way they would walk away from that!Now the bad news - Like almost all flight sims this is a pretty awful ""game"".  What it cries out for is a ""gaming mode"" alongside the undoubtedly excellent ""simulation mode"", with things like the field of view from the cockpit, and a host of other stuff made much more user-friendly. Well worth the bargain price I paid for it,(£16) but don't pay more unless you are a real flight sim nut."
,Recommended,244050,9276749,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Htimez2,A must own for any flight Simulation fan.
76561197974162393,Not Recommended,244050,15192779,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,christopher.ash,I can't recommend this game. The enemy AI is locked-in at Kris Kyle head-shot wunderkind difficulty. Attack an enemy two seater and your pilot dies or your engine gets shot out every - single - time. This is not fun. How long has this game been on the market? The makers of the product have been hearing this complaint for years but they steadfastly refuse to fix the problem. I won't give them any more of my money until they do and I advise you not to give them any of yours.
76561197971218600,Not Recommended,244050,8342506,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Rick Sanchez,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME UNLESS YOU HAVE A FULL FLIGHT STICK/FLIGHT RUDDER PEDAL setup. This game is impossible to play with either a keyboard/mouse or a keyboard/game pad setup.The planes are designed to be as close to realistic as possible. This is not an ""arcade"" style of game. It is meant to be very difficult to play because WWI style bi-planes were apparantly difficult to fly. So in this game you need a setup which will allow you more accuracte game play.BTW - Analog setups are going to be 100x better than a digital setup. Analog will allow for a more detailed, accurate feel for the movement of the plane.If I knew this information before I purchased I would not have bought the game because it was falsely advertised."
,Recommended,244050,11853181,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,fatbott,Challenging WW1 flight sim. Lacks polish but has a lot of charm. Great realism and GFX not dated too much. Add-on aircraft packs too expensive though.
76561198073588206,Recommended,244050,14217912,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Raab137,"Rise of Fart: Flannel Battles EditionGreat game with graphics that stand strong in todays game selection, even though it was released in 2013Great physics that make you feel the slow, the slow that is a bi-planeWing ripping damage model, the wings can actually shear off by overloading.Localized damage with realistic damage mappingIf it is a true flight sim you are looking for, you wont find anything more challenging than this one.-your true biggest enemy is yourself, especially if you are like me and push the limit with no regard to consequence"
,Recommended,244050,11867102,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Vermilion Raven,"Probably my favorite game as a kid was Knights of the Sky, a WW1 flight sim on DOS. I played that game for hours on end, day after day. Nothing like flying around and dueling with enemies in three dimentions. Getting within 50 meters trying to put a hole in their engine. Great times. RoF comes back to the awesomeness of those deadly duels above the trenches of WW1, and does it modern justice with awesome flight models that take realistic damage, and great physics to the point where flying in 10m/s winds is a hell of a chore.Although the game gets exponentially more fun the more realistic you set the simulation, you can simplify the physics to make things like wind no longer a factor, and you can add gauges to your hud which will also tell you the limits you can push your plane at the current moment, and finally you can add icons so you don't have to manually spot the planes against the horizon or down over the trenches. This can be exceptionally useful for new players to the flight sim genre, expecially of the hardcore WW1 variety. There is a reason there's the saying ""any landing you can walk away from is a good landing"".There are currently about 30 different airplanes (almost a 50/50 split, but the Entente do have a handle more to choose from). Most of the planes fly completely differently, its usually not just ""oh the Fokker D.VII is all around better than the Fokker Dr.1"". The D.VII might be more of a standard all around fighter with fairly high specs, while the Dr.1 tends to buck like a horse at the rodeo. But in the hands of an Ace the Dr.1 can be a terrifying aircraft. Werner Voss took on 7 S.E.5a planes on his own with a Dr.1 shooting down two and damaging all of the other five. There are some vast differences in how each plane flies, giving each easily 100 hours of replayability if not more.One of the biggest attractions of this game is the career mode, which given WW1's unique setting of largely unchanging front lines allows for random missions for your fictional pilot to fly, rather than pre-scripted storyline missions like most WW2 flying sims. Getting random missions to patrol behind enemy lines, scramble to intercept recon/bomber planes, attacking balloons, etc. just helps keep the game fresh as you fly your pilot into the history books trying to catch up to Richthofen's score. Take it from me, I've played 100 hours and I haven't even tackled the other half of the game yet, multiplayer.I can't really review multiplayer as I haven't played it at all yet. But watching some videos, it's not just shoot down enemy planes. Rather you have objectives, photograph facilities, bomb tanks, destroy AI flights, etc. to earn points to bring victory to your side; all the while keeping your eyes to sky, watching for other players who are much better pilots than the AI and who are ready to swoop down on you.To get all of the dlc, it costs quite a pretty penny. But it is so worth it in my opinion. There is nothing like starting up another mission in your career, climbing up to 2km, spotting an enemy a kilometer below you and swooping down on them, hoping you don't destroy your engine in the process or rip off you own wings coming out of your dive. This game runs the gamut from relaxing flight among the clouds to adrenaline pumping dog fights were you don't even know if your pilot is gonna live to keep flying. If you have any interest in dogfighting, this is hands down the best game on market for it."
76561198041132320,Recommended,244050,13589478,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Justbodies0311,Both Machineguns jammed. Pulled out my pistol in flight and shot at enemy fighters.10/10
,Recommended,244050,23493467,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,=FF=Roland Headless,"One of the best flight sim aerial combat games I have ever played, would definately recomend to anybody interested in flight sims or WW1. lots of DLC to keep this long lived game interesting.  Although its been out for quite some time it does not show its age like some games do, great graphics and game play, and has an authentic feel.  You can play as a solo pilot or crew in 2 seater planes and bombers.  Well worth the money."
,Recommended,244050,15823660,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,En3rGxXx,Great 10/10
76561197970574811,Recommended,244050,16072299,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,BigKev777,"This game is not easy to learn, but the graphics and physics are amazing.  Each victory is hard won, and provides a real sense of accomplishment.  This is not a simple or silly ""whack a mole""  smart phone game.  This is the real deal, and that is why I love this simulation... - BigKev"
76561197997656866,Recommended,244050,16114785,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,p.wawer,"Excellent, reminds me the good old moments of playing Flying Corps."
76561198075719404,Recommended,244050,8068413,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Felix Dzerzhinsky,best flight simulator :D
76561198035656661,Recommended,244050,8276537,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Whitworth [42nd PA],good graphics and best ww1 game so far (flight simulator)
,Recommended,244050,8014591,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,tallpsmith,WOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOW!
,Recommended,244050,8033050,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Char B1,"Excellent simulation, all you need to add is the rush of air and smell of castor oil"
76561197995717955,Recommended,244050,8382441,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Evily69,best flight sim ever
76561197988891011,Recommended,244050,8408286,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,sceptre,if you like combat flight sims.... then this is a must have!
76561198065685414,Recommended,244050,8264043,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Beans,"Really good game, but they really expect you to pay for every plane after you buy the game!  I just found it kind of lame, and aggrivating.  I bought the Channels battle edition and can't even play because it only comes with a narrow variety of planes.   At first to be honest I thougt I could get over paying for planes, but after I saw you had to pay for different guns and other things I just got really aggitated.  Really very sad about this as I was looking forward for something to succeed my old fav Red Baron 3D from way back in the day.  Now I'm just 25 bucks shorter I guess."
76561197970516514,Recommended,244050,9097059,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,RealAlec,"Definitely the greatest multiplyer-focused, still-active flight sim I've played. Needs a joystick to be played, but even a crummy one will suffice."
,Recommended,244050,10083186,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,sno`,The most awesome game of it's kind i have had the honor to play up untill now. When strapping yourself to one of those flimsy cardboard planes for the first time you most likely feel like someone slapped you in the face with a heavy book but soon after you score your first kill and you feel like the king of the skies!I can only imagine what those brave men where going through at their times.
,Recommended,244050,16127230,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,SprintWireless,"The game runs well even on my Crappy Laptop but on low it runs fine. The game is fun and all but you have to buy like like all the DLC's to get the full experince, the game only gives you like 2 planes and the training missions. 6/10"
76561198043863466,Recommended,244050,16142954,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,jakelong429,"I love absolutely love this game!the visuals and damage models are stunning and the career mode is the bomb diggity. my only complaint is the fact you start of with a very small selection of planes, and to get more you have to buy $20 DLC packs. otherwise its a fantastic game I highly recommend."
,Recommended,244050,13980044,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,multipass,definitely a pretty game good looking a little bit complicated i probably would remap the keys or suggest buying a flight controler or pedals to make it easier but i love flight games so yeah :3 also you might first have some problems figuring out how to make it full screen but thats an easy fix through  the folders settings editor and then its grade a flying from there i got this one when it was on sale :p
76561198070537513,Recommended,244050,13111992,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,tothewastelands,It Rocks it is a Killer Flight to a Fight no Baby s alowed just Combat in the Sky
76561198018628381,Recommended,244050,11679497,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,penguins2223,IF YA LIKE FLYING PLANE THAN THIS GAME WILL REALLY GET YOUR GOAT........ IN A GOOD WAY!
76561198035561313,Recommended,244050,13444464,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Knoxklay11,"though the devs DEFINITELY rip you off bigtime with the DLC, the game itself is excellent. ww1 dogfighting at its best. the detail is incredible and theres so many different planes and missions to choose from. people have complained that some aspects dont work and that the multiplayer servers are laggy. having not experienced this, i cannot comment. in all, i would say perhaps wait for this (and especially the DLC if you so choose to buy it) to come out on sale, such as during this christmas sale. if youre a fan of flight sims and a WWI buff in general, this is the game for you"
76561198102768396,Not Recommended,244050,17210105,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Madstone,"In the past I was a huge fan of the Red Baron series, having owned Red Baron, Red Baron II and Red Baron 3D and the Full canvas jacket mod. I was therefore eager to try the Rise of Flight WW1 sim. But because of the very steep price of the game and the necessary dlc's to play out a full career, I never tried it out. Until recently.At the 70% off sale I bought several dlc's for the game and started some careers. One English and one German.First I was impressed by the aircraft handling and graphics of the game. It gave me the old feeling of playing Red Baron again! That was great.But after playing out several dogfights one big thing really got annoying: in the mist of dogfighting an adversary the plane just despawns!!! This happens now in almost any mission I play in career mode. This is frustrating the complete game for me – it’s the essence of this whole WW1 sim!!!Due to this, and the steep pricing of this product, I cannot recommend any to buy this game."
,Recommended,244050,28890746,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,MILF Hunter,big tums up Xd. Best WW1 Air War Sim because it's the only one
76561198026777008,Not Recommended,244050,27843398,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,galba3,Truly Appaling have been unable to play more than 40 seconds without the game freezing and having read up on further sites I note that this is a problem across the board have attempted to download twice with no luck whatsoever. Having attempted some of the so called 'fixes' reduced frame speed and graphic quality to a minimum can safely say that it does not work in any way shape or form I feel that if I am to pay an extortionate amount of money out the least they could do is to give us a product that works rather than hoping that customer has an MA in computer science and can fix their bugs for them. Next game I download from steam I will be carefully reading the reviews / problems before I press the pay button.
76561198064299816,Recommended,244050,13585286,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,duckpondcentral,"A well crafted world war 1 flight simulator. excelent graphics, very detailed aircraft, and well simulated flight charateristics.Also good damage modeling, as well as even remarkable engine parts moving on certian aircraft.If world war 1 flight sims are your cup of tea, you will be very happy you bought this sim.About the only negative thing I personaly have discovered about any of the Rise of flight sims ( and i own all of them that have been made up to the year 2014 ) is that the throttle sticks in the full on position on one aircraft ( the Fokker E.111 ) and so far at least i am not aware of any patch to fix this issue. Other than that one little glitch on my computer at least, the games run just fine. I give them an 8/10."
76561198169153442,Recommended,244050,15348714,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Trading Post,"Recommended if you have previous flying experence along with any flight simulation experence, The steam version does have very few aircraft that comes with the base package. After installing a dlc i get 4 new aircraft but each dlc comes with a few airplanes and is wanting too much money for each one. Rise of flight store sells individual airplanes for a reasonable price but non steam airplanes will not work on here so its buy the dlc or nothing. IF your looking for a fun shoot em up airplane game you are sadly mistaken, war thunder is what your looking for, Being  a licenced pilot i can say these aircrafts handel like the real ones and like i said before have simulator experence before purchasing this simulation. The game requires you to set up youre own controlles and can be difficult if you dont know how. all in all its a great game but could be better for the steam version."
76561198065904301,Recommended,244050,13334743,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,CIA,"One of the most realistic flight-sims available and definitely the most realistic WW1 flight-sim.Takes some patience and good gear to learn handling WW1 aircraft, but dogfights are really intense and fun."
76561197971109655,Recommended,244050,15041574,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Goodspeed,A hardcore flight sim with a steep learning curve that is worh the time and effort.
76561198012581473,Recommended,244050,22054407,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Chrisman01,"Very shaky recommendation.Singleplayer and the campaigns are wicked fun.  The aircraft are amazingly detailed and it feels like you're really flying a WWI aircraft made of wood and fabric.However, multiplayer is terrible.  Not only do I meet many toxic players, but when you get pilot sniped travelling at 250kmph from someone 1/3 of a kilometer away, when they were using a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ early war biplane with terrible WWI ammunition, you know you're outmatched.  And you can't catch up if you have a life, while your competition has been playing for 3+ years.Doesn't help whoever has the better screen resolution, better HOTAS/flight setup, and potentially better headtracking has every advantage."
,Recommended,244050,12792684,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,[MSU] Weeks,"Would be a great game if it didn't♥♥♥♥♥♥you with DLC. Flighsims always use the excuse that their sales are so low they have to keep the price high, but I'm sure if they offered resonable pricing they would move way more product and make more money."
76561198066060004,Recommended,244050,13865500,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,[PePa] fokker80 [Scott],"Good simulation of ww1. First good ww1 air simulation and realistic system, but very high price."
,Recommended,244050,15144893,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Cardinal_Newman,I am not getting the dlc's wtf this is boul fix plz im going crazy
76561198006792981,Recommended,244050,14676801,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Homer,"I was actually shopping around for a WWII flight simulator when I stumbled upon this gem. I had no idea how truly spectacular the air-to-air combat was in WWI. Rise of Flight is the first simulator I have played that truly combines the awe-inspiring majesty of flight with the gritty reality of war. If you like flight simulators, look no further. If you enjoy the thrill of aerial combat - this is your game!The career mode is excellent, as are the campaigns. And who doesn't like earning medals for their exploits in combat?"
76561198116428690,Recommended,244050,8804373,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,jimpic51,Great Game! I bought all of the DLC packs but can't seem to find the custom skins paint pack . How do I get this?
76561197991546378,Recommended,244050,8345633,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,dykmoby,"I recommend this game although not whole-heartedly. If you are a flight-sim air combat fan what can I say, the sim part is great. So much so that I went and picked up a set of rudder pedals as the twist on my joystick was a bit off.That being said, you do need the hardware to play and you need quite a bit of it to play online and still compete. Joystick is a sheer minimum, I would also recommend the flight pedals, possibly a throttle control and for the ultimate, TrackIR (I'm not sure if any VR goggles work or work well).That's one of the two ""irks"" with this game: in addition to the big price tag for the base game as well as the additional planes, you could easily shell out $400 for a flight sim rig (joystick, rudder control, throttle control and head movement control), so be told!The second irk is the ""Career Mode"" which is currently in Beta, but (as of this writing) is busted. It's what I play flight sims for, a bit of role playing along with my air combat. The developers have had downtime and a big patch and the issue wasn't addressed (and may be the cause according to the developer forums). At a higher level it looks like the developers are very, very passionate on modeling flight and combat, but could use a bit of help in developing a game: the learning curve is pretty much vertical (which I expect in a flight sim) but there are very few in-game assets in getting new pilots up to speed.In all, I'd say if you are a fan of realistic flight combat sims (not arcade ones), already have the hardware, and are willing to wait for a good sale (especially for the extra airplanes), have at it. If you are looking for something with a slightly shallower learning curve, there are other, better options for you.Now if you will excuse me, I need to price out a new HOTAS rig. And possibly a flight chair."
,Recommended,244050,8751217,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Fredfootrot,roger.wilko.chocks away.shoot the bosch.
76561197988209401,Recommended,244050,11239265,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Gainer .44,"Its a ok flight sim game but it feels a lot like a money grinder by the devs, you buy the game and are able to fly few planes do some campaigns but to be able to fly all the planes in the game and play all the scenarios and ect. you have to buy separately ""DLC's"" to ""unlock"" planes and battles that i think should be in the game as a whole. To me it is like they chopped the game into bits and are selling the bits separately and in my opinion selling the game few times over. But overall it is a good ww1 flight sim game, we need MORE ww1 games and sims from that war, there are too many games that are about the second world war and not enough ww1 games."
76561198034287988,Recommended,244050,13817946,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,JonnoMCFC,"It feels awesome to patrol the air high over no man's land, eyes flicking between guages and the open sky, knowing that a lapse in concentration on either could mean death. You spot a plane, check your compass, his heading could mean enemy or friendly, dive to gain speed, he's spotted you, you're zoomed in as much as possible, wind is blasting your ears, muffling the spluttering engine. Sights are on him, heart's pumping, check for stoppage in the machine guns, trigger set, here we go, aaaaaand it's a friendly. Wave off, Never mindThe game itself is fantastic, great flight model. Multiplayer that has population (for now) and doesnt babysit you. It forces you to respect your engine and airspeed, windage, ammunition and fuel load. Most flight sims do this, but only in RoF have i managed to play a good multiplayer match that doesn't hold your hand.All of this would be so grand if they didnt rip me off on available planes. Some nutsack in marketing at 777 decided that purchasing the game will only give you 5-6 planes, when they had created over 20 for the game. I'm used to seeing this on flight simulators, but unless I can click panel buttons and instruments, 25 dollars for 2 planes and a field modification is not good enough for digital distribution.I joined a multiplayer map where I hadn't purchased any of the planes available for the map and so only had the choice of being a gunner. Bit of a♥♥♥♥♥♥time when I spent good money buying the game."
,Recommended,244050,9996208,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Iron Bloke [24pz],"this game is a must have in the flight combat simulator catagory. however i would not rocomend this game unless it is on sale, even then i dont think that £7.99 for DLC's on sale is reasonable. the base game is anly about 6 aircraft you can fly, but all are open to AI pilots. maybe if the price drops a little i will get more of the DLC's.this game is in my opinion a step up in dificulty to most flight fight sims, most aircraft are very manoverable and for the most part fun to fly. the controls and hotkeys are a little confusing, but messing around with the settings you will find the right set up for you.i'd give this game a higher rating if it was not so expecive, but i give it a 7/10. it is a bit over price even on sale, the base game is worth it but the big money waster here is DLC's, but if your happy with a few flyable planes and a few less maps then thats ok."
,Recommended,244050,15693584,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,MechaGandhi,Yeah I played it once.  It was decent I guess.
,Recommended,244050,13639748,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Inspector Spacetime,wellll good looken and like even dho she blue its not eazay bing blue as the green frog if whas blue will say and yes hAAPPY HOLDAYS!!﻿
76561198007023060,Recommended,244050,16279161,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Farside,"Rise of Flight is a first rate flight sim and probably the best all around World War One sim currently available. There is upside like the graphic rendering and the plane models. There is downside to handling the planes and the AI at times is unrealistic. Keep in mind It's a simulation game not an arcade game.It's for those people who enjoy tweaking settings and have the patience to keep on going when things get tough. For me who has been playing video games from the Atari years I marvel at what developers are able to create. Those of us who are older just sit back and enjoy the ride. (How old...my first PC was an IBM XT 8088  running at 4.77 MHz). That would be circa 1983.Rise of Flight certainly isn't very friendly to newcomers , but there are plenty of options you can toggle to adjust the difficulty level. The hardcore pilots may be fine just turning on a cruise control that evens out the engine's RPMs and reducing the wind buffet and turbulence settings, while novice pilots may find it helpful to enable unlimited fuel or ammo. Even with these aids, the enemy pilots are pretty tough group. Not only do they know how to manage their energy levels intelligently, but the tighter maneuvering of these older planes means your enemies can turn the tables on your pretty quickly.  This game does have a steep learning curve and in my opinion a joytick with yaw is a must.Before you invest in the game read the reviews. The game is a free download with limited planes but at least you can get a feel for the game before you decide if it is worth the time and money you will be investing."
,Recommended,244050,13674187,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,BIGGrobb,I'd rate this highly. I've learned a lot from this game and it has brought myself and my friends many hours of fun!
,Recommended,244050,14132939,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,anti social,"Great sim, love it."
,Recommended,244050,14714033,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,[49th]Rec_Giu10,"I have buyed the Channel Battles Edition, but everytime i enter in the game, this show that i am with the Demo Version, but i payed $45 on this, anyone know how to solve the problem?"
,Not Recommended,244050,17846137,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Anvil,Can't recommend this game. The realism is great - but too many issues with this one to enjoy. Not to mention the microtransactions are a joke. I think I paid $29.99 for the game back in the day and I only can fly a few planes/missions.
76561198017788609,Recommended,244050,18184740,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Lynoush,Pros: Best WW1 dogfighting sim up to date.Cons: Worst marketing ive ever seen in my life.Therefore nobody plays it :)
76561198028721039,Not Recommended,244050,19682507,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Harpington,You have to buy nearly every single plane to actually fly those planes.The planes they give you are trash.Go buy Il-2 Sturmovik: 1946.3/10
,Recommended,244050,18007288,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Woodstock Husky,"By far, the best WW1 flight sim ever made.. And the prices for extra planes, mods, etc, are reasonably priced. Especially for the extra horus of fun you can add on when you get a new aircraft. In this, you start with the basic and famous planes of the war. The Fokker D.VIIF, Dr.1, Albatross D.Va, Sopwith Camel, Nieuport 17(including a Russian version) and 28. S.E.5a, SPAD 13, Pfalz D.XII and a Felixstowe F2a floatplane. It's fun and there are hours of fun alone in the planes listed.I recommend it for any flight sim player, as myself."
,Recommended,244050,13915623,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Deathicon,A very realistic flight simulator that will keep you entertained for hours on end!
76561197992812938,Recommended,244050,18724026,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,carterbobarter,"9/10 That is how many times I don't land safely back at my base after successfully completing a mission, and thats just the way I like it.This is a sim and sim fans love it.If you're a tight bum like me, stick the dlc on your wishlist, and wait for it to go on sale, I have few dlc's and haven't spent over $50nzd.Now I just need more time to sink my teeth into this little sweetie."
76561198009304363,Recommended,244050,18774728,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,divideoverflow,"I really enjoy the flight mechanics of this game. I had purchased Channel Battles a while back, and just finally got around to playing it.Great flight mechanics, appropriate learning curve, and a lot of fun! The first time you manage to win a dogfight feels like a real triumph... no arcade physics here (unless you turn on ""simple physics"", because you are slow or something...).The game is best played with a proper flight stick. Compared to IL2 or other WWII combat sims, this game is definitely up there with realism. The lack of performance of these old planes makes the game more difficult, and tactics even more important. A lot of these old planes don't have the power to pull themselves out of trouble, so you better set up your approach right the first time! I'm definitely still learning, as it has been a while since I've played a serious flight sim.I don't mind the DLC strategy for this one. Even adding a bunch of stuff, I've put less money into this than a AAA game.So far, my favorite thing has been in a Brandenburg W12 seaplane, dogfighting against multiple Felixstowe F.2A turret-ships (also a seaplane...haha). I took out two of them in a row, and went to land on the water... only noticing after I landed that one of my pontoons looked like swiss cheese, so one side of my plane sunk and killed the engine.I also was flying a Fokker DRI and said ""why the eff is the plane doing left-hand circles when my stick is centered?"". Blipped the engine off and it stopped.... durr, gyroscopic precession from the engine assembly spinning. Auto-rudder is for chumps :) I love this game."
,Recommended,244050,20599568,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Trailer Trash Jesus,Enjoyable to play
76561197992358994,Not Recommended,244050,15034465,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,KrashOverRide2U,VERY LIMITED PLANES TO FLY.....UNLESS YOU BUY BUY BUY THEM
76561198000000392,Recommended,244050,11142375,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,TERORIX,PIECE OFF A** GAME DOESN'T WORTH A PENNY. A HUGE MESSS!!!!! HOLLYY SH*T......
76561197998008505,Not Recommended,244050,14500001,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,GlennOsmer,Anytime you have to make adjustments to a game to make it work is a sign of poor programing. IL-2 and other flight sims work great but not this one. Memory problems causing crashing. I dont recommend purchase. Buyer beware!
76561197972864933,Recommended,244050,7959603,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,jjack51461,bought all the dlc buy cant play it because game wont show keys actavition tab at the bottom
76561198109643119,Not Recommended,244050,13439257,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,FlyingBaron,I would first like to say that I absolutly love this game. 'Then why don't you recommend it hu?' you ask. Well becuase thanks to the wonderful Steam/Rise of Flight relationship I can't play this game even though I blew 30$ plus on this game. The menu does not work at all and even before that this game was NOT user friendly. Mostly thanks to Steam I think. But it takes two to tango so Rise of Flight is probably also to blame. I wish they would just fix the game gliches so that I can get back to playing one of the best games for fighter combat.
76561198035956864,Not Recommended,244050,16661745,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,pickletaco,"Without a doubt, this is the worst game I have ever purchased."
76561197992676600,Recommended,244050,20097867,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Benito Tortellini,I dropped my bombs on the runway and killed half my team10/10 explode team again
76561198007224157,Recommended,244050,20997078,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Pvt. D. Maes(17th Airborne),Awesome game but I'm not sure it's historically corect but i do miss the option to refuel or rearm. Is there a chance this will be implemented in a later update?Cheers
76561198062026031,Recommended,244050,21249938,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Rya. Pakchev,"Awesome game the fact that it is one of the only realistic World War 1 flight simulator still amazes me regardless I do have some pros and cons.Pros:-Amazing Simulation of the time period and amazing Flight simulator.-Awesome Gameplay experinces and leaves you with moments that you wont forget.-Great Community, that for the most part is helpful.-Some what active servers with 35+ players on weekends.... I could go on about how realistic it is forever.Cons:-With all the DLC I understand they need to make money but it seems a little excessive (and there are F2P planes though.)-I dont know how to explain it but it feels like your plane might drop out of the air at any given time which I assume may be attributed to the older flight models.That's about it but for the most part this game is AMAZING and i would recomend it as a matter of fact I have gotten several of my freinds into it and the majority of them LOVE IT."
76561198037623317,Not Recommended,244050,16359499,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,[LOST] R.Bunch,"lots of fun. looks great. problem is it'sa huge rip off. you need to buy all the dlc just have an actual full game, otherwise you are just playing a demo. on top of that the DLC is way overpriced!So if you want to pay the price it would cost you to buy several full games just for DLC then go ahead"
,Not Recommended,244050,29929509,Posted: 14 February,all,Chris,"Don't believe the misleading ""Free to play"" attached to this game's Steam page.There is almost nothing you can do unless you pay for aircraft. This is not a plane simulator, it is a paywall simulator.It's a shame really, because the actual simulation is great, and the flights are a nice experience, but the paywalls ruin it. I'd enjoy it a lot more if you just bought the game & you had everything, rather than you start with three planes & you have to purchase the rest.TL;DRGreat simulation, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ monetary choices by the devs."
76561198089072782,Not Recommended,244050,14852970,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,brianformula,"I spent $50 on this game, via the steam store, only to be given a demo mode version with only one plane to fly and no multiplayer! What a rip off!"
,Not Recommended,244050,10342765,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,catknight1,"RoF is...pretty.  It's also a good simulator of WW I aircraft.That said, there are better.  And cheaper.  For this game's retail value, one of its competitors offers 54 or 55 airplanes, compared to the small handful in this game, and while the graphics aren't quite as good as RoF - they're still excellent.In order to play a campaign of any length of time, you really need to go beyond this starter pack and invest in some of the DLC.  I suppose what did it for me was spending half an hour trying to find a squad I COULD fly for, then by sheer luck the very next day that squad switched out to a new set of aircraft, and would I like to buy that airplane?It's worth nothing that while you COULD just buy one plane at a time through RoF's site, here you're investing in DLC 'packs.'  Overall this starter set is an effort to get you interested enough to invest more heavily and buy all their DLC.  Only then will you have close to a complete game.  Again, compared to at least one competitor which gives you everything from 1915 two-seaters through to the Armistice...it's a no brainer."
76561198067867330,Not Recommended,244050,9735986,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Cristofer,"Well, it´s a great simulator. BUT, it´s a shame that you have to buy planes, weapons and so on. Maybe I could have accepted it if the DLC´s costed a couple of dollars/euros, but over 20 euros for a DLC which include things that should have been there in the first place. This must stop! First, the game costs 39 euros, but it´s only half of the game, maybe less. If you want a good simulator, buy IL2 instead, cheaper, great graphics and millions of planes and stuff."
76561197994268731,Not Recommended,244050,13551392,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,redviking,total♥♥♥♥♥♥♥doesnt  reqognise my e mail or passwor get a grip steam your selling♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198079212251,Not Recommended,244050,16013341,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,MarsDK,dårligt der er kun 3 fly
,Not Recommended,244050,13651557,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,NSD DaBakerBeast,"i could not get the game to the size of my screen, so i deleted it and then re-downloaded it, now it wont even launch. if anyone can help me here i whould be very happy."
,Not Recommended,244050,17703123,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Linkage,~!
76561198167736377,Recommended,244050,25203357,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Schütze Jäger,the game is good but I don't want to waste money buying DLC's. I know you need the money to update the game but I just don't want to spend money on the DLCs. the DLC planes are so tempting!!!!!
76561198018371850,Not Recommended,244050,31447736,Posted: 29 April,all,VostokMercenary,"The controls are way too hard to set up and configure, very resource intensive and starting a game or campaign is not intuitive at all.Its a shame as the flight model has potential."
,Not Recommended,244050,14496951,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Polomodo,"I really enjoy the game, I really do. BUT, the DLC is just to much money.  You can't unlock the other planes just by playing the game which is a total let down. DLC should usually just be in the $10 to $15 for me, otherwise it's not worth it. It is fun because of the challenges like keeping your plane straight, er, not getting shot down. If you don't have a good amount of money I don't think you should get the game since everything is so exspensive......."
76561198083294164,Not Recommended,244050,15833431,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,SS-Obersturmbannfuher.,"!!!!!!WARNING!!!!!! If you have a computer that doesn't have the state of the ark graphics card, THIS GAME WILL NOT RUN! I bought this game for $50 and it doesn't work.. And of course you can't get refunds on steam! When i launch the game it's all fine and dandy but when i launch a battle five minutes after i start my laptop freezes. And i have it on the lowest possible settings! If you can't make a game that can't run for people that can't afford $4,000 desktop computers then you don't deserve my hard earned money!"
76561198060695401,Not Recommended,244050,13936366,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Elsa,"Ill start by saying this is a really fun game. it looks really nice, and runs great. But some times I feel that the loading takes too long. But thats not the real problem......... when you first get the game and play it you have like 3 planes to choose from (not exactly sure on the amount from the very start.)you pay 50$ for not much of  a game. I never really played the campaign I really only played the career mode.I love the career mode just like in  IL-2 sturmovik: 1946 (which i HIGH recommend getting) . I love watching my pilot rise through the ranks.........But heres the real kicker the DLC. MY GOD THE DLC.......30$ FOR NEW PLANES THAT SHOULD ALREADY BE IN THE GAME  WHAT IS THIS.......I CAN BUY A WHOLE NEW GAME FOR THAT, and all your really getting is some new planes and one campaigns.There is not a SNOWBALLS CHANCE IN HELL! im paying that much for DLC and getting so little for it. And because im not getting any DLC im missing out and im stuck on the same planes and campagins all the time the same linear things over and over...... So for that i can not recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,244050,14860509,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,B.Pearson,"This game WILL NOT PLAY, due to the placement of the menu buttons.I had to change the screen settings just to Cntr-Alt-Del out of the game."
76561198039944870,Recommended,244050,21376809,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Wheatley,"So, the full price for this game is $180. You don't need to pay that much to enjoy it. About half of this consists of campaign and map expansions, and the rest are additional planes. This game isn't new, but it is well supported, and one of the best flight sims to date, as it has better physics and damage models than most. Drop $25 or $50 on one or two of the main expansions, and you'll get a nice number of planes to fly. You can, however, put AI in any plane from the get go, which is nice. If you wait for a sale, you can pick up the full game for more reasonable amounts, but It's so well made, even full price is worth it to me."
,Not Recommended,244050,9807113,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Vitriolvox,I would only recommend it if it was under $20 or maybe even perhaps f2p because you only have around 5-10 planes and all the other ones must be purchased each for $25 which is completely ridiculous. The game itself can be fun but I really don't care much for WW1 aviation so that's probably just me. If you're looking for a similar game but set during WW2 play War Thunder(f2p).
76561198037158472,Not Recommended,244050,8356047,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,jaretp,"Well I love sim games, I saw this game a while back; it states on the store page that it has ""Full Controller Support"", after I bought the game for 75% off which seemed like a pretty decent deal at the time; I was just about to purchase all the DLC as well.Before I did that I started reading some of the comments on the forums and I was a little disappointed to find out that this particular game does not actually have ""Full Controller Support"" as in xbox controller support. When games state that they have Full Controller Support, 99% of the time it means that the game will work with an Xbox controller or something similar.I would say its almost a fraudulent to claim that this game has full controller support. Every other game that claims it has full controller support has at least one controller layout to use. In the control options for this game I can't see anything that that says enable xbox cotroller or anything of that type.Because of that one thing which is actually a major deal breaker for just about anyone who would use a game pad or xbox controller, I am not recommending this game, a company that would claim full controller support then not offer it, is not a company in my opinion that has any kind of ethical conduct whatsoever.I am just glad I didn't pay full price for this game because I would have been really disappointed to have thrown away $50 at least they only got $12.50 since I got the game for 75% off. Good thing I didn't buy any DLC. So make sure you understand that this game does not natively support Xbox controllers or gamepads there may be some way through trial and error to get a gamepad working but as far as the game actually supporting it like say the way HAWX does you will be disappointed to know there is no such actual support."
76561197993342106,Not Recommended,244050,8364729,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,spikybudgie,"If I'd known how severely limited the planes were, and that I'm expected to PAY EXTRA for more than the handful I have access to, there's no way I'd have paid for this game. Shameful."
,Not Recommended,244050,8659749,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Sorvall Sergal,"I don't want to slam this game as it's really the only WW1 flight sim out at the moment, and the flight model and engine is really good (even if Max detal requires a system with SLI'ed Titans, and I wish that I was kidding about that). The dog fighting feels spot on and realism CAN be adjusted for more arcade style flying, my only issue is that there is a lack of feedback when you hit other aircraft. The only time that you KNOW that you have scored hits or a kill is a light hint of smoke or the sudden breakup of an arcraft. That's a shame since the damage moddling is actually otherwise really good.The full reason for the non recomendation though is how this game feels like a big stinking con. The campaings are lacking  with there only being four structured linear campagins on offer, and one of those is the poor tutorial missions! Then there is the VERY limmited number of aircraft with the packaged game, and DLC aircraft are already IN the game but NOT flyable until you pay a frankly stupid amount of money for the privilage of taking the controls, and a single sinking solo mission per aircraft. Also any DLC bought has to be redeamed through the game NOT automatically added, in the most pain in the♥♥♥♥♥♥fashon possible (no copy/paste allowed).While the tempation to fly stringbags is strong (it suckered me in), avoid this like genital herpes for it's annoying anti-consumer ideology. Want a decent (but older) flight sim that offers better and fairer bang for £$£$? Check out Il-2 1946 that while much older offers 300+ and lots of campaigns for the price of a pint or two, unlike RoF £15.99 for 4 planes."
76561198007275737,Not Recommended,244050,11489898,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,iceviperqq,"Wow! That had to be the fastest blown 50 bucks I ever spent on a video game. If you are familiar with the MS Flight Sim series this is nothing like it. Aircraft are EXTREMELY hard to control. No tutorial mode to help you out in the beginning. Just shocked how bad it's set up. All I can say is wow. Very much sorry I spent my hard earned money on it. I was not expecting an arcade style flight experience, for this much money you expect a bit of realism, but this is way over the top on difficulty, Not at all for everyone. I fully expect to get insults for my review, but I figure spending 50 dollars on something I will probably never use gives me the right."
76561198018839507,Not Recommended,244050,12058603,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,bllewis1,I can not log in or even play this game-it will not register-and further more--after paying $$$ I refuse to spend needless hours trying to register or log into something I have purchesed
76561197985566319,Not Recommended,244050,12701552,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,kingcentipede,this is the worst setup on steam everi bought 6 dlc and there is never an activavtion key in main menu allthough steam and rof recognize they are installedive tried to get the rise of flight team to help but they have been able to do nothingthis has gone on for monthes nowa total ripp offgive me back my money!
76561198172632211,Not Recommended,244050,16068875,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,adambatistich,What a rip off I brought the game only to find out that you have to purchase planes to actually play it and it says channel battles which again you have to buy to play
76561197980969965,Not Recommended,244050,14912760,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Mintster,This game is horrible; worst flying game you could ever consider purchasing. The controls are difficult to setup and even when setup the software responds horribly. If you have someone you don't like recommend this game to them. I personally will never buy another game from this developer.
76561198072145279,Not Recommended,244050,14445957,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Nuggets,poor game
,Not Recommended,244050,13673865,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,MonkeyNut,"Boring, poor graphics, not overally realistic and weak physics. I won't even go into the micro-transactions that lots have mentioned."
,Not Recommended,244050,29412774,Posted: 21 January,all,Vintage,"Most of the time I spent in the game was trying to adjust the sensitivity so I could actually fly! I've got plenty of experience with flight sims before I even knew Steam was a thing, and the planes in RoF were just dissapointing. It was hard work getting them to stall! Was very unenjoyable flying something more manuverable than an F22 that sounded like a lawn mower..."
76561198325342436,Not Recommended,244050,29971588,Posted: 16 February,all,Silent_Hunter_4,WILL NOT WORK AFTER SELECTING FULLSCREEN MODE AND RESTARTING!
76561198011297566,Not Recommended,244050,9076089,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Steve French,"Not play-able.Purchased the game for $24.99 and I am unable to log into it. I can log in to thier website and entered my CD key, but I can't log in once the game has launched. I have tried all sorts of work-arounds; running in administrator, firewall off, antivirus off, etc with 0 luck. I emailed their support 3 times and they haven't felt the need to dignify me with a response. I do not recommend this game to anyone, even if it is fun, the support provided by the devs is non-existant and they don't deserve money if they don't care about their customers."
76561198065437245,Not Recommended,244050,12125403,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,richaksea2001,"♥♥♥♥ Steam!  Paid for this game and have spent the last 2 hours trying to figure out how to get it to play or how to contact a friggin' human on Steam to fix the damn problem!  Game says click on a button which is hidden as the screen is mis sized.  If you have the same problem as I do, contact the game manufacturer and tell them to boycott Steam!Not cool!"
76561198031114879,Not Recommended,244050,8372062,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Airedale,"Guns seldom work at all.   When they do work, no matter how many times you hit enemy planes they aren't damaged.   Keys must remapped every time game is rebooted.   Stay away from this piece of crap."
76561197972248501,Not Recommended,244050,8340384,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,joewagner501,Not a fun game. If you are interested in a simulation then this is right up your alley. I prefer other games that just let you fly and have fun.
,Not Recommended,244050,29388223,Posted: 20 January,all,Tonkinese,THis game needs some love that devs will not give i have both steam and non steam versions. any issues you have the devs will blame you first before listening to you. they even used to blame windows 7 for their own bad coding!!!sadly the game is riddled with microtransations and  the fun was taken out of this sim a long time ago oh and achivements don't work and have not for many yearsbut the game is the only decent modern made ww1 flight sim but is still not enough
76561198096577422,Not Recommended,244050,14803162,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Scurvyratte,"P.O.S. If you don't know what that means, please send me a message, and I'll explain."
76561198153028189,Not Recommended,244050,29905694,Posted: 13 February,all,TurboTyler,What kinda ♥♥♥♥in game is this? Watta jip.
76561198070344597,Not Recommended,244050,8473663,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Captain Tuesday,"Not impressed, sure everything looks pretty, only problem is the controls don't work or only work half the time. I can't even get the engine to start. So here I am ready to take on an enemy air raid and I can't even get the thing off the ground. Then the engine starts all by itself and the guns don't fire no matter what I do. On top of that there's no tutorial or any way to figure out what I'm doing wrong. I don't see how they can possible plug this as a realistic game because I'm pretty sure in real life the pilots knew how to fly the planes. As of right now, this game is pure crap and I'm out $15."
76561198044732514,Not Recommended,244050,9112345,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Ikean,"I know I'm going to get thumbs down on this review, but I cant play the game because all the options to click are off the screen, and I cant move the mouse farther below. Cant play the game because you cant change the resolution .-."
76561198114314016,Not Recommended,244050,8351794,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,bigtanker010,its realy bad i paid for this
76561198008896141,Not Recommended,244050,8524205,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,GRAYBEARD,"this is the worst game i ever wasted money on ,can not use joystick it doesnt let you set controls ,can not adjust graphics ONE♥♥♥♥♥♥POR GAME"
76561198019922596,Not Recommended,244050,8652617,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,DonMirco,"Truly the ♥♥♥♥♥iest flight game I ever played. Insane difficulty, no chances to make it easier over a certain limit, you die and don't understant what's happened. Even shooting with your plane guns it is very difficult (not being able to do it yet). A very frustrating game that does not allow you to play on German side: you have to pay for it, as for every other plane you want to use except the standard one. Frustrating and extremely difficult, a wrong buy."
76561197974220692,Not Recommended,244050,10467465,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,clarkepv,"Could not get this game to work after installing on Windows 8.1 - recommend ytou do not buy as it is a complete waste of a lot of moneyWhen I tried to play for first time it complained it could contact their servers and could find no internet connection even though the PC was contacted to internet fine - including riseofflight website. Even tried disabling firewall, etc, but with no success.Complete waste of money - avoid at all costs"
76561198021432764,Not Recommended,244050,8886138,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,joshgordon79,"The graphics are great but the controls are such a mess that I find the game unplayable.  The sensitivity for keyboard control needs serious help (I don't own a joystick).  To fly, you use the simple arrow keys, but there's nothing simple about controlling the plane.  A simple click of an arrow does nothing -- it's like it doesn't register.  So you've got to hold it down.  This, of course, throws the plane into barrel rolls and loops that are agonizingly stupid.  I was hoping for a successor to Red Baron or Knights of the Sky.  THIS ISN'T IT!  If you're up for a Microsoft Flight Simulator type experience, this probably IS what you're looking for, however."
,Not Recommended,244050,8342350,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,TheDemon345,"It will not work with intergrated chipsets, had to fight with the UI just to register so no I cannot even see why someone would buy this."
76561198007655318,Not Recommended,244050,8353432,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,seanwrightnz,Don't have to be expended to enter more junk
76561198225412184,Not Recommended,244050,30122045,Posted: 23 February,all,sam,IT DOESENT LET ME LOG ON OR CREATE AN ACCOUNT
76561197972297927,Not Recommended,244050,9021580,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,primaryroo,"wtf in game purchases, the game cost £32 and its just too damn hard with the planes which are free.....also nowhere to refund"
,Not Recommended,244050,32815822,Posted: 26 June,all,Duke Ellington,"I remember actually paying for this game way back in the beginning, have i got any extra's? have I ♥♥♥♥. Didnt work, in short dont bother with it."
76561198037265844,Not Recommended,244050,9113926,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Spooky Zikky,Pretty boring game you can get way more enjoyment out of games like war thunder and the price is ridiclous dont waste your money on this
76561197992296507,Not Recommended,244050,29448441,Posted: 23 January,all,tango,"the game says free to play ,but you have to buy packs to get into yhe game this is not free to play????"
76561198145491881,Not Recommended,244050,13642972,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,LOGAN,so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥spent 50 bucks on this now its free WTF FU*K THEM!!!!!!!!!
76561198353440667,Not Recommended,244050,29591433,Posted: 30 January,all,ajferneyhough,What an awful game just downloaded it what a waste of time. Soon as you get into the game it wants your money to buy your planes.  Highly disappointed
,Not Recommended,244050,29984045,Posted: 17 February,all,[GOF] Duke,Free to play but you have to buy a plane to play?
76561198327093943,Not Recommended,244050,30049529,Posted: 19 February,all,skilling70,games code do not work
,Not Recommended,244050,29790517,Posted: 8 February,all,S P 4 C 3 ™ | Márk ツ,"Quick Mission > Start > Start, ERROR ""This plane is not available for your account.""Meh. Uninstall this 20GB of useless crap."
76561198345939258,Not Recommended,244050,29830681,Posted: 10 February,all,martingeczy9,Rubbish ...once downloaded wont let you play unless you buy aircraft
76561198004538351,Not Recommended,244050,9049159,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Buzzerker,"I don't like this game I  bought it and it sits in my library , never play it,it's a money pit. Stay away from it , do yourself a favor.its boring as hell even though it appears to be well made , unless of course you are some genius who graduated college at the age of 12 and became a Rocket Scientist at the age of 16 then you might like it, No who am I kidding, even then you would think it sucked."
76561198368350249,Not Recommended,244050,30091089,Posted: 21 February,all,meep,dont get it
76561197999158357,Not Recommended,244050,29990282,Posted: 17 February,all,indepth35,"Dont download it.Its not free to play,you have to buy the planes."
76561198293352203,Not Recommended,244050,25774817,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,[1stTX.F]Dugout_Doug,"OKAY, so i love this game its very realistic in some way but there is a con, ITS COMMUNITY. When i started this game i wanted have have fun with friends like always and spaming S! in chat was one of our jokes, the Mods are basically man babies and will ban you if you BREATH WRONG. Now i do admit the spam was crazy but. the second time i barley even did it and was banned for 335 hours. I sincerely hope the people who made this dam game will ban and replace these mods with people who will give you a second chance, i spent around 60 dollars on this game, please dont waste my money and keep these ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ at large banning innocent people."
76561198113394403,Recommended,244050,15545411,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Zeuki1200,"I am changing my review from a negative to positive as most of the things I had issue with seem to have been either fixed or stated more clearly for buyers, So I feel I should change my review to reflect my changed opinion of this game. I will leave the initial ""good"" portion of my review for what good it may or may not do.I would suggest anyone thinking of picking up this game do some research and look up some DLC buyers guides that will explain what is actually included in the packs you buy.If you are in to the Idea of flying these types of planes this is a very cool flight game, the actions feel really well connected to the planes, the simple act of getting off the ground is a very rewarding feeling, rolling and turning in windy conditions are a real skill tester untill you get the hang of it, also pulling out of a flat stall, successfully limping a disables plane back to base and surviving a crash landing all deliver top notch skill/reward based play. The actual dogfighting/attacking style is very up close and personal, you see each round hit the opponent and it is very rewarding, compared to a modern style hud that shows a radar blip and some audio tones, you actually see the plane your hitting pop smoke and crumble to your fire.So in the end if you are still reading this, my overall impression is that the game is good, if the style of flight seems of any interest to you."
,Recommended,244050,8361761,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Erik Rommel,"This is by far the best combat flight simulator I've played in years.Flying the old planes is really exciting, you must focus all the time to keep it straight in the air, which is a challange but also a lot of fun. Only downside is the content, a lot of it is dlc, and it's quite expensive as well.Overall: 9/10+ Fantastic, deep gameplay+ Graphics, lightning+ WW1 setting+ Sound is ok- Expensive dlc- Not an easy game to learn (may also be a good thing)"
,Recommended,244050,8427971,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,BillyTheKid,One of if not the best ww1 flight Sims I have ever played. Could use a warp to the next waypoint hint. A bit high $ if you do not get it on sale as I recommend but certainly a top notch simulator smooth as silk on max and supports my Thrust master T Hotas X Flight Stick completely every button and every stick etc. I also would suggest you watch the movie The Blue Max. :) They still update it to this day making it the best of them all and you are easy prey in my dr ahahaha. Some of the planes require a lot of joystick setup but once set awesome sim. This game rocks period!
76561198020847482,Recommended,244050,28913861,Posted: 1 January,all,Cortés,"Why have i got all DLCs in steam page but when entering RoF page there are still planes missing? I'd like to buy all of them missing ones but there is a message that I have to buy by steam. But at steam site  i can't, i have got ten DLCs bought and nothing else left"
76561198106023508,Recommended,244050,29641756,Posted: 1 February,all,Blastem25,"Don't listen to the cheapskates, this game rocks!"
76561198055713168,Recommended,244050,15717735,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,RIFRAFPILOT,"Nice looking game, BIG BUT coming now though!  Gone with the days of buying a game and then you have it.You pay a massive ammount for the base game and you get nothing for the privilage.None of the maps or aircraft bar one or two are unlocked, YOU HAVE TO THEN BUY THE GAME AGAIN!!  massive russian made rip off.The game even goes as far as to only allow you to start from the furthest away bases in multiplayer because AGAIN, you have no planes, maps ect and have to buy more privilages.They really do give you nothing for your money!  With the base game you can only fly the training missions of which have Extremely poor briefing videos with bad acting and english spoken and really below average graphics.The game play, flight model and scenery are of good quality but i cant say anymore about that as i'v bought a game that doesnt exist and i cant play any part of it!!!At least be a little more generous at first and if its a good game ill defo pile more money into it for more stuff but as you are tight arses ill give you the bird and take my money elsewhere!Thanks for nothing....Edit: 18 Dec 2016:  Ok now time has passed and they have finally seen sence and opened a bit more of the content up!  Still a bit peeved that i payed for the game and now its free to play but i was pleasently surprised to see an extra plane and a wealth of missions, campaigns and content avalible with an easyier to understand UI.  All in all i feel i can finally apreciate the game because the WW1 air war is a true gentlemans dog fighting experience.  I know i havent had much time on the game but as a real pilot and a massive simmer i know that this is going to give me hours of fun, so i have changed my review to show my apreciation for the quality of the game."
,Recommended,244050,31085569,Posted: 11 April,all,MountainJew,"Mixed feelings, awesome game mechanics and physics.You need a joystick off the bat, you can't really comfortably play with a mouse and keyboard. Will probably get flak for that comment if you will indeed pardon the pun.Graphically a decent game. I love to watch crash videos from this.I don't have a joystick and couldn't fly properly with the keyboard and mouse, I'm a flight simulator veteran and have played very old flight simulator games and anticipated this, I whole heartdly believe it will be better with a joystick so I will probably go and buy one just for this.well done on producing an amazing game,"
,Recommended,244050,2994938,"Posted: 14 September, 2013",all,Dillanski,Probably the best combat flight sim I've played to date since MS Combat Flight Simulator 3.Constant support & updates and additional content from the developers along with a friendly community. Great game to have in your collection if you're a flight sim enthusiasts or if you are very much into WWI planes.A joystick is absolutely needed for this game. Gamepads will be fine but Keyboard and Mouse will NOT do!
