user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,244030,7319057,"Posted: 5 October, 2013",all,orb,"It's your own Mars (and asteroid belt) Exploration Program simulator.In the game you control probes or rovers in real time (unlike in real life, where their control sequences are preprogrammed, and in emergency they are automatically put in a safe mode). It isn't only about exploring Mars, but also its moons and asteroids. You can also operate rover on Earth.The objectives are quite repetitive (ride there, shoot photos, analyze air, soil, rocks, take a sample, all this to get funds and unlock next levels of available hardware which you will send to Mars next), but it isn't a boring game. You need to be careful to not break the equipment (or wheels), and watch out for strong wind, as small rovers and probes are quite light and fragile. It's currently in active development, so some things may still change and a new content (like sample analyze results currently having a placeholder) will be added.It's a great game for space geeks, people who like realistic vehicle simulators, and other people who want to view Mars from rover's perspective."
76561198016121382,Not Recommended,244030,29807700,Posted: 9 February,all,[TFB] Jax The Reaper,"I have 92 hours of play time in Take On Mars.This is the only review I've done since joining steam 8 years ago. I can not in good conscience allow this game to be released without saying anything. This game was not and still is not ready for release. It is still full of bugs and crashes a lot. I've tried so many work arounds I've seen on the forum and elsewhere to stop this from happening but to no avail. Personally, I feel like I shouldn't have to do something like all that just to get the game to work at it's basic level.The game crashes when you try to scroll with the mouse wheel. It also crashes when exiting to the main menu. The worst crash for me, is when you try to overwrite a save, the game crashes without saving and deletes your current save on top of that.I think a fair amount of the issues could be temporarily remedied by incorperating an auto-save feature into the game. Or even a quick save button. Like just pressing F5 to save for example. As it stands, you have to go through a few menus just to save. It gets tedious to do this every five minutes in case the game decides to randomly crash. Then you wouldn't lose hours worth of work when it does.The discussion forum is full of threads about crashing issues. A lot of people can't even get the game to start running. I've spent hours going back through the thread's and I've come to the conclusion that these developers put the game into release to make one last cash grab and then wash their hands of it.And this game is certainly not worth the 26.99 they want for it. Discounting the problems this game has, I would say with how basic it is, it's worth maybe 10 to 15 dollars at most. I really regret the 30 dollars I spent on it a few years ago.The thing that really bugs me the most about this game is the power production. I had to download a mod increasing the power production of the nuclear reactor just to be able to play. In the vanilla game, you have to build 11 nuclear reactors to power one simple device continuously. With resources as scarce as they are in the game, that is just rediculous. And solar panels are a joke because they produce even less power and obviously none at night. And the night lasts far longer than the day. And there are no batteries you can make to store power for use at night so wasting resources to build solar panels is pointless.TL;DRThis game is an obvious bug/crash fest and cash grab. The devs obviously want to wash their hands of it. Please, protect your hard earned income and do not buy it."
,Recommended,244030,9886940,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,neddread,"""My God, it's full of stars!""I have had this game since the early versions and even then it felt like a shop ready product and not early access, and the new updates have just felt like free DLC.The screen shots tell the story of the graphics, they are awesome, and the whole game looks like that.The realism is, well I've never sent a probe to Mars, but it feels pretty bleeding real to me. And the realism is the key to your enjoyment of this title.If you want fast paced action on a future Mars then move along (I've seen posts saying it's boring, pah!).If you're like me and absorb yourself into a sim about the current exploration of Mars, with all the slow analysis of rocks and atmosphere and the chance to take photos that look very similar to NASA pics that comes with that then buy this game, clear about a month in your schedule and prepare for a real, scientific and indepth exploration of our solar cousin.As real as it gets. Stunning sim. 11/10."
,Recommended,244030,18355500,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Desert Ranger,Great Mark Watney simulator
,Not Recommended,244030,10917471,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,LtKillPuppy,"I'm not sure.  I want to like Take On Mars, but overall I don't find it a very engaging game.TOM wants you to play the game its way, or the highway.  My first play through and I spent all of my money to build a super-lander.  It had a robot arm, soil scoop, atmosphere sensors, the works.  I managed to get it down on the ground and thought to myself: ""Whoo!  Let's do some SCIENCE!""  And then the game said, ""Yay, you explored this region!  Now do it some more, elsewhere!""  Wait.  What?I wasn't able to use my robot arm or soil scoop.  My atmosphere sensor was useless.  The game had intended only for me to complete a set of explore-the-area objectives before it would unlock the next set.  I realized then that Bohemia Interactive had a much different idea of SCIENCE! than I did.  To me, spending my wad on an uber-science craft made sense.  Cram as much science as you can in a single big-budget mission so you can unlock more technology.   But I was thinking like a scientist, not as a game player.And that's where TOM lost me.  The game wants me to play it like a game.  I was expecting a simulator.  For something that bills itself as a simulator, I found this really disappointing.Science tasks earn me money, and I spend that money to research better science-making gear.   This system feels hap-hazard and slapped together.  Why not have a separate budget versus ""science points"" (much like in Kerbal Space Program)?  Why is the science objective-based instead of having ""wells of science fact"" that are tapped and eventually exhausted (again, like KSP)?In fact, playing this game just made me want to play KSP instead.  Which is a real pity, because TOM looks great and it could be a real contender for introducing people to the act of managing a space program and how extraterrestial science works.I restarted my game and played it The Right Way and was able to upgrade to rovers.  I was excited at first, because I thought this was a chance to do something interesting.  Only to realize that ""interesting"" meant holding down the ""W"" key for hours on end, driving a slow rover across the Martian surface.  And this is where TOM completely lost me.  Suddenly, it wanted to act like a realistic simulator -- Oh you have to DRIVE AROUND to find interesting science!  In realtime!  With no automatic navigation system!At that point, I just stopped playing.  I haven't bothered to unlock the next set of objectives, and have yet to set a human down on the surface of Mars in TOM, and that's a real pity.Oh well, at least my science base on Duna is thriving..."
76561198024995967,Recommended,244030,8238116,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,AlphaBetaParkingLot,"Absolutely incredible game... but also not for everyone.This is basically a highly realistic space simulator. The amount of detail and attention to realism is fantastic, making it really feel like you are controlling a rover on Mars. You visit actual locations on Mars, use actual scientific equipment to learn actual things about the geology of Mars. There is even an (optional) way to sync the game with the actual time on Mars, so you need to actually schedule your day around the 24.75 hour Martian day (like they do at JPL). Future versions will even include an (optional) light delay between sending and receiving commands.No explosions, no aliens, no ""story"" other than building a successful Mars exploration program. There are countless games out there to provide your fix of those things. This game is different, and that is why i absolutly love it.The gameplay IS quite repetitive, but one again so is the real deal. Drive a bit, analyse some soil. Drive some more, analyze a rock. None the less I find this very relaxing and engrossing, a nice way to unwind. Also, with Modding, there's no reason you can't break from realism and begin a long cruise around martian sand dunes in a dune-buggy while blasting ""Road Trip"" music from iiTunes/WinAmp/whatever.If you are fascinated by Mars, like to keep track of what Curiosity is up to, would like to visit mars, and think it would be fun to drive a rover really slowly and drill holes into rocks (aka the real deal)... then you will like this game.Simply Put: The closest most of us will come to visiting Mars.P.S. The game is in Beta/Early access as of this writing, so for all i know in the future they may give you more freedom on what you can do, or include sci-fi ideas like a manned mission.P.P.S. Regarding some negative reviews here - keep in mind it is in Beta. Some of the things being complained about here are almost certainly going to be fixed or changed in time. If those reviews  scare you away from buying it, check back when it is completed."
,Recommended,244030,7814023,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Fishchunks,"This game is strange, if you love space, or more specifically, love Mars than you will love this game. You take on the role as a space organisation mission director, you choose which crafts are launched and assign them tasks which you have to do. (Atmospheric readings/ photographing crater rims/ taking surface samples.)On the face of it this game is incredibly boring, driving a rover isn't the most fun, especially when it goes at around .2m/s! The game gets a lot more fun and satisfying with the pay-off, finally taking that photograph or completing the assigned objectives is such a nice feeling, I just can't put it in words.You can also take control of the lander, controlling it's decent however this is incredibly difficult and best to do with a joystick which has had it's ratio of steering changed in the settings because turning how you think you would turn will almost certainly flip it over and smash it into the ground, often costing you 1000s of M$ from your space program, when I first done it it resulted in my space program's bankruptcy.I can't give this game too low of a score as it is still in development so please take that into consideration before purchasing this game.9/10, it does what it says on the tin and it does it well.> I've noticed little to no bugs> Great fun for someone who loves astronomyThe reason it is not a 10 is due to some minor issues which are not really worth mentioning."
,Recommended,244030,15968716,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,[HT][SRTBD]Robocreator223,"I haven't gotten very far (it takes time!) but this is one is a jewel from the start. Let me explain why:Pros:+Real time mode for hard cores+Survival mode with time skip for easy cores+No 3rd person only first for realism+Not only mars, also Deimos, one of Mars' moons+ Lots of areas with planned content+ Multiplayer (Haven't tried it yet)+ Science researching (Uses money and time instead of science like in kerbalKerbal Store Page+user friendly science tree+Useful community guides  !!!Please read them if you are a new player! Very helpful!!!+in game editor for scenarios with steam workshop compatibility*May be other good things that I haven't reached yet or forgot*Cons:-less content then I'd like-sending people to mars comes later, much later(unsure how much later)-bugs like sky crane landing on rover and getting it stuck-worry that devs will drop it-unable to send rovers to mars unless a mission is there-no ""science sandbox"" like kerbalKerbal Store PageGood game with plenty of room for improvement. If you have the money for it, then I'd suggest this game for you."
,Recommended,244030,12311555,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,unrealization,"This is a great game, if you’re into this kind of stuff. Otherwise I guess you’ll hate it, which of course would make you a heartless monster.TakeOn Mars certainly is no GTA Mars. Getting to your next target can and will require prolonged use of your W-key as your rover crawls over the martian surface at a snail’s pace. But hey, you’re rewarded with actual education! Now isn’t that fun!?While you progress through the missions the built-in encyclopedia presents you with tons of actual facts about Mars which you could also find on Wikipedia without having to carefully drive your rover down some crater wall first.So if you feel “ready” for a “more or less accurate” simulation of Mars exploration this game may be for you as well. Otherwise I guess it’s more likely you’ll be bored to death and back.Seriously, it’s awesome!"
,Recommended,244030,9111651,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Yellow5,"An interesting ""game"" so far.   There is a ton of potential here and I look forward to what the developers have in store.   This is a hard core sim, make no mistake about it.You start with a small sum of money and essentially have to launch probes and gather data.  You can research upgrades so you can create better probes and eventually rovers.  It is slow going,. and you wil invest a lot of time just to get the payoff of meeting the mission goals.  That payoff is well worth it!You will question yourself and make mistakes.  It can be a frustrating experience to build what you feel is an excellent rover for a mission, only to have it blown over when you make the mistake of landing in an area with hurricane force winds.  Ouch!  But you end up going back for more because you want to get it right.I have been playing with this the past few days and am hooked.  My 7 year old loves driving the rovers around and if anything, it has opened his mind to asking a million questions about Mars and space exploration.  That is a huge win and worth the cost alone for me."
76561197965028239,Recommended,244030,14480857,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Mac68,"Well what a hidden gem this game was. I nearly didn't bother buying it as I was put off by the association implied by ""Take On"", as I wasted money on the godawful Take On Helicopters (Sorry, but it is).Anyhoo, this game, even it's its early access form, is one of the most original, unique and strangely engrossing games I have come across. The only other game that has really attempted something similar is Mars Colony Challenger, and that isn't too bad considering it's a one man job. TOM takes it to the next level, with great visuals, a wealth of information, atmosphere and good old relaxing gameplay.The single player Space Program game will not be for everyone. In it's early stages it basically consists of launching increasingly advanced probes and landers on Mars to gather scientific information. If you complete a mission you get extra cash and funding, used to create or research more advanced tech such as Rovers etc. It can get a little repetitive but you will learn more about Mars in a couple of hours of gameplay than you thought possible. Some of the missions are quite challenging, and instructions can be a tad unlear, but when you get it right, it's satisfying. When controlling landers and rovers there is a real sense of reality about it.The second stage of the single player is the manned mission. Where you have to survive on Mars while conducting missions etc. You need to mine resources, build your base, so on and so forth.I have not started this stage yet, but I am assuming it somewhat similar to multiplayer.Multiplayer is where the game shines like a Martian sunrise, but it's also a bit of a dust storm at present too. The basic premise is players work together to build their colony. It is in it's initial release, so expect more depth to be added, such as the survival mechanics and resource gathering being required. When it is fully fleshed out, you will have one incredible sim which will encourage some great cooperative gameplay. Multiplayer games can also be saved to all clients, not just the host. Allowing for continuing session play on your favorite base/project.Multiplayer is flawed though. A severe lack of server commands for the host is just one problem. There is no way to kick players, and there are some idiots out there. They will spoil all your hard work, build crap you dont need, drive off in vehicles, change what you have constructed or just be general pains in the♥♥♥♥♥♥ As well as a kick/ban function, the game lacks any means to remove items you dont require or make by accident. Often your well planned base can end up looking like a junkyard. Also, the object count can seriously impact framerates, so the less rubbish around, the better. There is also no way for the host to ""lock"" items in place. Whixh means that any idiot with a tool can tear things apart or adjust constructions that you have spent time building to your own design. It should be possible to disable the tool function for other players as seen fit, or to mark a construction as ""locked"" or ""complete"" etc so that no changes can be made without the host consent. As far as I am concerned, the host is the guy in charge of the mission, and should have the controls to achieve that.All that being said, multiplayer is freaking awesome when you get a couple of good players. A random player joined my game and we spent hours constructing a base complete with control center, observatory and raised landing pad. We had an encircling balcony on the control center which was just missing some patio furniture. It was very satisfying, especially as we built most of it in the dark and didn't really know what we had accomplished until sunrise. Unfortunately the game then became somewhat unplayable due to the large number of objects. We felt like we were walking in slow motion and it took so long to accomplish anything else that we called it a day. Hopefully this issue will be addressed and improved by the Devs. Multiplayer is still in it's intitial release of course, but it's a good initial release.The Dev team is very active, and take a lot of interest in their players. They obviously have a passion for this game that I am certain will see it constantly improving all the way to full release. They are not trying to milk cash from an early access game like some, and the price you pay for the game at present is more than worth it.All in all I am rating this a 9/10. Innovative, interesting and well supported. Buy it! Just buy it."
,Not Recommended,244030,23151254,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Lilin,"I hate to say it, but it appears this game has become vaporware.Over the past year alone it has changed release date like 5 times, and recently they even dropped having a release date entirely.They say this is to give it more time to be a finished product, yet they have not in the past year made much effort or progress on the game at all, despite being a real development studio. A solo indie developer works faster than they do.It seems they have lost major interest and/or funding, I can't imagine any other reason for being this lazy with something so promising.They also say they are working on major things behind the scenes and are holding back content, but they have provided no real evidence for this. At the terrible state the game is in, you would think they would just show this so called content, but nope.The game right now has more bugs and issues than a swiss cheese has holes.These same bugs and issues have not been touched at all for the past 2 years.The game it self remains to this date so extremely buggy and crashy that it is difficult to keep playing, despite having supposedly been so close to release.I really had high hopes for this game, I wanted it so badly to be a proper finished game, but that day may never come.At the pace they are working at it will still take many years to finish.This developer seems to be full of false promises and lies.I still check in several times a week on what's going on with this game because I love space games so much, just in case something happens, but I have been doing that for more than a year too so...Well, should things ever improve I will delete this review.I would never make this exception for any other game doing this badly.UPDATE:To nobody's surprise, they released the game without fixing any of the bugs or crashes, added none of the requests people asked for, and no extra content other than a ISS you spend 2 minutes inside.... Multiplayer is a total mess because of this. Welcome to vaporware.. :'("
76561198024313605,Recommended,244030,13942402,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Gbelcik,"If you want to murder your friends on mars, or shoot space aliens, move along.... but if your an intelligent, patient, and mature person who wants to survive on mars, then buy this because its amazing"
76561198045774472,Recommended,244030,15297376,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,MaRkV,"I have been playing this one on and off since the game first appeared on on early access. I really enjoyed the early stages but it there were a few bits that made it not quite right. But of course, it's early access. However I have to say that I have recently got back into the game and it has changed almost beyond recognition. The latest addition of multi player has added so much more to the game. I am sure other developers would have been tempted to release this as at the very least a paid for DLC.It is still early access, the plan is full release in June, (I am writing this in Aril), and I think that all that needs to be done is a bit of polishing to make it a great game. That said, the way the game has developed in the recent months leads me to believe that there will be a lot more than just a bit of polish.There are no aliens to try to kill or avoid, you need to eat, so you grow your own food; you can't do this till you have soil and water.; you can't get this till you have the right machines..... Oh, and your suit does not hold much oxygen. Run out at your peril!One thing I would say, the controls are a bit hard to get to grips with. Rotating stuff to get it to line up has taken me ages!I love the vehicles available and the workshop integration is great with some really interesting stuff appearing.In the space program side of the game you can choose to run in real time or game time. Real time, as the name suggests, runs at the right rate and so when you are told 45 hours to research the next bit of kit you need you have to wait 45 hours. Perfect time to drop to multi player for a bit I think :-) With game time you can advance time so you can play as quickly as you want. You need to develop probes, landers and rovers to map Mars and test soil, rocks and atmosphere.I must find Beagle-2 and give it a nudge to see if I can get it to start up :-)So, yes I do most definitely recommend the game, it is great value, the devs are fantastic and all in all this is what early access should be like."
,Recommended,244030,15864227,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,JuStX2,"Notice: A lot of reviews are poor about this game because it is early access and people don't bother to read that they're buying an unfinished game. Actually READ what people have to say and don't be taken in by metascores.Notice: This is going to be detailed, so if your not into that skip to the next review, you have been warned!Take on Mars - a game designed with a single purpose in mind - explore, and eventually colonize Mars.Take On Mars - A Survival Game unlike any you've played. There are no enemies here except nature herself, but she a fierce one. Even without her Pets - Take on Mars is proof positive space travel isdangerousLet's talk about the campaign mode later for now I want to talk about the Scenerios:Manned Missions to locations including Earth's ""Backyard Mars"", The Moon, and Mars itself are playable as of the current revision, more over they are playable multiplayer. The Multiplayer system is highly reliable from what i can tell minus the fact that the entire game is prealpha. The best part about manned missions thus far is they are strictly co-op, although there's talk of a future competitive mode.Your astronauts will attempt to build and maintain a base in manned mode - the ways to do this vary but in general you need three major resources - Food, Fuel, and Water. Food is self-evident so let's talk about Fuel - The fuel is a methane/oxygen electric hybird, that is to say they can run off methane or electricity. Newly built vehicles come with a full charge of electricity but you'll need to preform some basic chemistry to get the Methane and Oxygen depending on where you choose to play (Earth,  Moon, and Mars have vastly differing resources).The best part about the game in my personal opinion is the resource management - it's all very realistic and highly accruate. Of course if your on Mars, you not only need Food and Water, there's also no air to breathe outside your craft - that's where suits and helmets come into play - they recharge when you put them in holders, and the oxygen drains away as you use them, the helmets and suits can be stored in inventory in order to preserve oxygen in sealed areas but in general this does not restore your tanks.Now there's three primary resource gathering machines in this game, one for rock, soil, and Atmospheres (gases) - Of these three methods there are about 10 - 12 (edit: closer to 20 ""chemical compounds"" now supported) different base elements that can be divided among the various conditions, and these can be refined into molecules that use the same elements into a new chemical. It's all very highly thought out.Also with updates they have added the ability to ""Scout"" the maps for resource deposits which eventually become depleted (not for a *very* long time though - unless that sector was low to begin with). This is preformed with Hand Drills, and Gas/Soil Collectors and Lab Tables and Equipment.Chemistry aside you may be wondering ""if there's no air where's the Food Get the Oxygen?"" - good question, Hydroponic Farms are available for construction which (as of yet) only produce potatos, which fulfill both your vitamen and calorie needs (collectively ""Food"" Needs) Other supplies can restore only one or the other but in general these are limited. Radition is a very real factor - take shelter during solar storms or roast outside - your choice*. Water is just a simple matter of a water fountain and/or a space fluid pouch.Also at some point in the cycle they added powering your equipment to the mix - which by release should apply to all ""constructable"" machines in manned multiplayer minus the water fountain and the Hydroponic Farms (For obvious reasons)So all told Manned Missions can already be very cool.So...chemistry aside you also will want to provide a base to operate out of during the manned missions: There is a simple building block process that creates virtually any shelter you want (but be warned though simple it's easy to make mistakes at first and end up with a junkyard of shelter parts) My advice is find a mission on Mars say a multiplayer designed scenerio, and deconstruct their base to see how they are put together, this will save you alot of headaches in the long run. Nearly all of my 15+ Hours in this game have been spent in manned missions, however there is also a more primitive pre-manned phased called ""Space Program"" in which you don't send men, but machines to Mars, and it is reflective of budget and/or time constraints that the real space program faces. Space Program is like ""Campaign Mode"" for your everyday RTS - it's got somewhat of a goal, and there's specific objectives to meet, not always revealed all at once.When you first land you have a large cache of supplies (in cooperitive settings) in multiplayer; but that will quickly prove to deplete (faster on higher time compressions and/or with more active players) quicker than you want; the MDV (Manned Descent Vehicle) is home away from home at first but eventually as described above you wil want to branch out to a real ""outpost"" or even ""modular"" design.For the Campaign Mode there are some things that have changed recently - including the completion of a ""manned Story Mode"" - this is optional but part of the planned ""Overall Experience"" - you need not play through the Campaign to play multiplayer/scenerios. The Campaign allows you to choose from two modes: A Robotics Phase, and the Manned Story Missions, Manned Story is largely uneventful to be honest and is largely at the current time a largely incomplete feature - it lacks serious challenge and the implementation of critical limits - Unlike Multiplayer and Scenerios which can range from ""Very Easy"" to ""Extremely Realistic and Hard"". This said the story mode is a great way to learn the game (assuming you've atleast done the tutorial first!) in a non-challenging enviroment. The Real Gem of this game is in Multiplayer which is also kind of left as an open development; Bohemia Interactive has said they will continue to update the game post-release so even once Feburary 9th Rolls around we may still be receiving what I would consider ""new content"" - even if very minor.Allow me to explain what people have been worried about with regards to Feb 9th as well:Most people who've played the Early Access version know the games bugs and traits initimately -- and they are worried that BI will stick a ""Passing Grade"" Mark to this game and abandon it - this doesn't seem to be the actual case of what is transpiring here to my knowledge; Because of Time Limits from Publishers or other entities unknown, they are trying to release before a deadline; even thought they have every intention of completing the game afterwards - it -may not- be in an acceptable state immediately after release. I would expect the game to continue to develop new traits and abilities - especially during manned play even after release, with the number of bugs largely controlled to a soon-to-be non-public test and dev branches. This game still shows great promise - even if it is releasing a bit ""half-baked"".All in all Great game lot's of details - Worth a try for sure.8.5/10 - It's got some room for improvement but it's largely a great game.Review Edited: 6/23/2015 to revise paragraphic flow (No Major Changes to content)Review Edited Again: 10/5/2016 to account for small dynamic changes.Review Edited Another Time: 1/26/2017 to account for Near-Release Changes.If you do decide to purchase Take On Mars (TKOM) there is a setting I recommend for younger audiences to be toggled on as well as anyone who has problems with Nasuea via Proxy: In the options menu of the main menu under the gameplay tab there is an option called ""Gross Visual Effects"" - it recommended for aforementioned audiences to turn it to ""OFF"")*:The Interior of the MML Science Truck and MDV HAB are both radation proof - you have been advised"
,Recommended,244030,10034075,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Aircooled,"If you are a Space geek like I am, you will likely enjoy this game at any and every stage of development. If you are thinking about persuing a career in space exploration or aerospace engineering, you will likely enjoy this game. That said, it is a very slow game. I have read through entire books while driving from one place to another. The simulation of tools and cameras is very good and the game excels in that respect.  However, many features are not implemented yet but it is getting better and more complete. I highly recommend playing with a joystick as opposed to a controller. Also, because it is a simulation for an activity that involves sitting at a desk for the part you are playing, it takes a little role playing to get the very most out of it. Get a cup of coffee and a book or two and pretend you're working at JPL driving a real rover. It makes it a much more enjoyable experience, just don't break off any wheels while you're reading. That would not be good for your (pretend) career."
76561198052369790,Not Recommended,244030,31181539,Posted: 16 April,all,CreamKrackers,"This is a fantastic game, with so much promise.However, simply walking can, and sometimes does, kill you.Want to walk up some stairs? Death is coming.Want to climb over something that's blocking your way? Death is coming.Want to go through the same door you have hundreds of times before? Death is coming.Want to drive on the moon or mars? That's nice, the views are stunning. But enjoy flipping your vehical back over because you were silly enough to drive over a pebble... That or you'll die of course.Fix these issues and it'll be the perfect game to sink some serios hours into. With these all it does it stress you out, and make you want to hurt people."
76561197993500303,Not Recommended,244030,18379789,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Gorebane,"I still can't recommend this game. Most of the problems I mentioned back in 2015 still exist in 2017, and as it's now been released, the ""it's still early access"" excuse doesn't apply.The only thing I can think is the person with the purse strings said enough is enough and forced a release date regardless of the state of the game.If you enjoyed the book ""The Martian"" then I'd keep an eye on this game, it might yet still blossom. At the moment though the space program part is as boring, tedious, buggy and unpolished as it was 18 months ago, and the manned part is so buggy I've not been able to get past the 4th mission. At one point my character teleported outside the truck from the driving seat and of course suffocated.The final straw was when your character ""sleeps"" time doesn't pass, so of course trying to complete the missions in a world of bugs is not helped by pitch darkness, blurry vision beyond 20 feet, and comical physics.A definate no, and given that the game is now ""released"" I'm unsure as to whether that will change.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Early Access Review - October 2015I can't recommend this game at the moment. It's not what it says on the tin.I bought it having looked at the screenshots, watched the videos, and read the reviews thinking it was a base building/ mars colonisation game. It's not at all.The main campaign of the game is just sending probes to mars, which involves pick a location, then watch the probe land, then depending on the mission you click ""Capture"" to either take a photo or take a sample of some gas. After a couple of hours you can make a more complicated probe that requires you to press one or two other buttons.Eventually you'll get a rover, which is just a tedious experience. In my experience it always ends up hundreds of meters from my target, which then means I have to remote drive it to the location. It travels so slowly that it can take 15 minutes just pressing the forward key to reach your destination. Sometimes your rover runs out of power so you have to wait for it to recharge from it's solar cells. This takes around 15-20 minutes, and you can't skip time, so this is a good time to make coffee and maybe have a sandwich, perhaps have a tidy up of the house.There are some single mission ""screnarios"" that have astronauts in them, but having played them that component of the game seems pre-alpha. It is very clumsy and unpolished. Arms and legs clip through walls, nothing has tooltips so you don't know what is interactable and what isn't, an issue compounded by the fact there are no tutorials. The UI on the 3D printer made me laugh out loud, there is no UI, just a list of things you can make in no particular order."
76561197970387575,Recommended,244030,12950649,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,ladar,"As a science and astronomy geek, this game feels like a dream come through."
,Recommended,244030,14918484,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Nixxon,"Here's a slightly biased review by a space nerd:Take on Mars is the most beautiful space simulation game I know. The available locations are created from real-life satellite data and look stunning from every perspective.In Take on Mars you can build and control everything from landers, to rovers and even the ""Zero-G Probe"" that you can fly around Deimos and the asteroid belt (great fun by the way!).Also, you can play the game in either ""game time"" mode which allows you to fast forward time when necessary (e.g. to speed up research or wait for better martian weather) or you play in ""real time"" mode where you will have to wait in real life.You also get a variety of realistic science instruments to put on your vehicles and after you are done with your main mission you can keep doing randomly generated side-missions that suit your vehicle.The rovers are the center part of the game and your rovers progress similarly to the real rovers: Your small rover is similar to the ""Pathfinder"" or ""Sojourner"" rover, the medium rover looks more like the ""Spirit"" and ""Opportunity"" rovers and your king of all rovers, the large one is close to the ""Curiosity"" rover.Also they are working on a multiplayer build that allows you to build bases on mars and moon with your friends!All in all I am really happy I bought this game and especially people who are interested in space exploration and simulation will like this game. However, you will have to show some patience at times because especially rover missions can be time consuming.In short here are the pros and cons I can think of:Pros:+really, really beautiful visuals and incredibly detailed landscape+realistic terrain, real sites on mars+procedurally and randomly generated side missions+campaign mode including tech tree and budget+editable scenario missions+explore Mars' moon Deimos and the asteroid belt as well+weather changes, you can get into dust storms+multiplayer is in the worksCons:-You will need a lot of patience at times-might experience bugs at this pointEarly Access Note: The game can be played very well at this stage, bugs only occurr rarely. It is resource-intensive though so you need a good computer to run it."
76561198083830254,Recommended,244030,13182673,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Astronomic,"Take On Mars is by far the best space simulation game I have ever played. There are many building and customization options, large maps, and even a singleplayer space program mode where you can advance your space program through the tech tree, landing black and white picture probes at first, but with work, you can land high tech large rovers with atmosphere processors, color cameras, and drills. The game also has a cool feature called the Mars Encyclopedia, a book in which you unlock pictures and paragraphs about Mars by completing missions. You can also build your own levels that you can play for custom missions. Another amazing feature of Take On Mars is the multiplayer feature. You can literally set up a server that is easy to connect to anywere in the world in just two clicks. Also, the develepors listen to the community's suggestions well, and they update the game often. If you are interested in an awesome space simulation game, Take On Mars is the game for you."
,Not Recommended,244030,34939508,Posted: 13 September,all,Tegi,"when the performance sucks just make an achievement out of it""Use an exploit to slow the frame rate down to 0.5fps for at least 5 seconds""How to develop a game:1. release a buggy/ unfinished alpha 0.1 version2. wait two years and do nothing3. change the name to full release 1.0"
,Recommended,244030,19322576,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Lukens,"I can see this game becoming the next great survival game with the manned missions, but due to the lack of content, and a small modding community this game will always be a hidden gem. Overall the best part of the game is the manned missions, and the ability to play mutiplayer. You can build a bases grow food, and explore parts of the Martian surfaces. The maps sizes or decent, and graphics are amazing. I recomend this game if your a space nerd, or if your intrested in the survival aspect of it."
76561197976312757,Recommended,244030,7838774,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Destyre,"This game has alot of promise and I'm enjoying it quite a bit. Some things need more accessible tutorials in it and more player control but it's great fun so far. (Early Access at time of writing this review). If you are in to unmanned space missions and wish that you could drive rovers around on the surface of Mars to perform science experiments, then this game does a great job of fulfilling your dreams of working for NASA. With the potential that I see in this game, I give it 9/10."
76561198018891057,Not Recommended,244030,30020520,Posted: 18 February,all,Lucas,"I'm very disappointed - so much potential wasted in half-baked beta sold as actual game. I wonder whether people at Bohemia Interactive know that ideas like testing (SQA) and user experience (UX) have been conceived long time ago. I heard that TKOM was in development since 2013. Seriously? What were developers doing for four years? Designing new bugs? Here is the list (incomplete) of 'features' I have found out while playing the game:- when I load saved campaign I have to 'press any key' twice - why?- the graphics is blurry! I guess it was meant to simulate depth of field, but it resembles severe case of tunnel vision instead- there is no user manual- rover missions are designed in absolutely pathetic way - on several occasions I have sent a rover with black and whitecamera, only to find out later that color photos are required to complete the mission - description of required equipment of the vehicle clearly indicated 'BW camera'.- Terra Imager, the camera capable of taking color photos, is considered black and white when it comes to completion of missions where color photos are required.- on several occasions I was stuck in a mission because there were photos to be taken, but one of markers was not turning green (in open terrain, pretty close to the rover), or a marker was inside a boulder- when I drive a rover, something really strange is going on with solar panel (there are no other power sources on board). For instance: during the ride charge is 20W and drain is 30W, but when I stop the rover, the drain drops to 0 (it's not realistic, but I can live with it), but charge drops to 10W! Why??? Of course it's 20W again when the rover starts to move- animation displayed during time skip is simply awful- just after start of a campaign, several locations are described as 'all missions in this location have been completed' - by whom?- from time to time whole mission control room turns black and I have to restart the game.- level of detail in mission control room was probably designed with ZX Spectrum in mindThis is not to say that the game is worthless, there are several aspects that are pretty good:- technology tree is rather short, but organized in sensible way- Mars shown as far, lifeless, desolate place.Long story short, currently the game is piece of you-know-what, but in few months it may become something worthwhile. Meanwhile, I'm getting back to absolutely fantastic Kerbal Space Program!"
76561197970989058,Recommended,244030,14976712,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,DaSkippa,"If you like real science based games this is a gem, no campy aliens, gravity generators, mutans, canibals, or zombies crazy AI's or crappy storylines.  Just you and rovers.   The developers are making a concerted effort to keep the game as realistic as possible without campy features.  Definately something to look into if your tired of low hanging fruit games."
,Recommended,244030,18341177,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,TheLukrie,"Take on Mars is a game where you try to colonize Mars (like NASA). If you want to have a lot of fun for hours on end, you should buy this game! It also supports the steam workshop so you can get a bunch of mods and see your game crash :). I have played 20.0 hours of this game by the time of this review and I dont see an end anywhere near!PROS:+Awesome Graphics+Good sound design+You feel really loneley+Multiplayer+Awesome HUD+Vehicles+Base buildingCONS:-You need a decent/good PC-Really Buggy10/10 - A must have for every space fan!"
,Recommended,244030,14287575,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,MrMusAddict,"I've now spent over an hour trying to get into this game, but it's extremely unforgiving.You start the game off with $3 million. Research can easily bring that down to $500 thousand. Basic probe missions net you $150 thousand, but you *need* at least $50 to start these.Spent 30 minutes surveying Mars with probes these basic probes that I cannot control, taking pictures of the land. Ran out of money conducting research, and I could not afford to fund another mission (game over).Spent the next 30 minutes restarting the game. Surveyed all of Mars and built up my funds, so I researched a controllable zero-G probe. Think of a quadcopter, for space. This was obviously more fun to survey things with, as you actually got to do something. Only problem is that if you are too sporadic with your in-flight maneuvers, then components break. Components break, you lose control of your $1 million probe (yes, these ones cost $1 million). Good news is that if you don't screw up, you net $1.5 million. Otherwise, you're pretty much screwed.I spun my zero-G probe too fast, lost control of it, and went from $1.9 million to $900 thousand. Really really frustrating spending a half hour getting to this comfortable point, just to have it all fall apart because I held the Up-Arrow too long. It was then not worth the time to try and recover the funds.I would love to continue this game, but the knowledge that the game assumes you have about playing it is too much to learn without hours worth of trial and error, which means restarting your game multiple times, which means taking at least 30 minutes to an hour or more to get back to where you were.I DO recommend this game, I just don't know enough not to continue to get frustrated by it, so beware."
,Recommended,244030,21489878,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,MiniManHere,"Loving it.  I played around with the missions for a little while and then jumped to the onlne part.It takes a little while to get use to before you realise how simple but complex this game can be, you will need to either youtube how to play when it comes to building and understanding survival or ask someone to help explain it to you but after some practicing you'll be fine....just.Day 1 of knowing what to do, I land, got to a point, building a shelter....realised my o2 is on 0% diedDay 2: Tried again, got lost  forgetting where my base was, solar even kille me with radiation.Day 3: Found old base, upgraded it and built some more.Day 4: realised  night time alone is scary....started to think watching Alien is a bad idea on mars.Day 5: Did not sleep , thinking alien will get me.Day 6: Friend came to help, he decided to blow my transport up and run off with 3D printer.Day 7: Living on water and vitamins... sent a S.O.S call to Nasa and ESA....waiting for resupplies."
76561198016940013,Not Recommended,244030,29699244,Posted: 4 February,all,Greybush,"SECOND REVIEW:I am now updating this review to reflect the launch update and information that i found due to the comments made by Mr. Monochrome and INFIDEL in the comments below. I admit changes have been made and the game up to the point i have progressed to is working, that being said i still beleive this game needs alot more work in that the tutorials are incomplete as far as explaining all you need to know when it comes to the machines,the mission objectives are poorly worded and easily misinterpreted, and still no guidance in game on how to complete the unmanned missions and still make money. This game is frustrating and i personally believe that most gamers will lose interest due to this fact in very little time.If the developers decide this is worth there time it would bring many new players to this game and could grow by leaps and bounds community-wise maybe even to the point of the ARMA franchise.In conclusion as i stated before DO NOT BUY THIS GAME UNLESS YOU LIKE FRUSTRATION.FIRST REVIEW:First i really like this game, maybe even love it. This is a honest reveiw and i hope it is taken that way.This game is broken even in vanila, true it is early access, but it is coming out of early access on the 9th of this month. The developers are silent, there are no explanations or reason that this game should not work at this point. I have played this game with an open mind as to having small bugs or glitches, but that is not even the problem. The vanilla manned story seems to be broken at the point at which you need to set up soil extraction machines to gather fuel. The power is connected and rechecked multiple times and reran tutorial to check yet again and still the resource barrels will not attach to any machine or storage device which stalls your progress to a halt.The robotic missions seem to work okay, but again little to no explanation as how to progress along without going bankrupt and halting your exploration.The atmosphere and enviroment of both the manned and robotic missions is believable barring a lack of realistic logic and science as to how a flare would burn in space, not being able to scavenge dead astronauts space suits/helmets, empty crates on a space flight, missions popping up in areas behind you and you have already drove through with the rover, solar panels barely charging even though its bright as all ****, and others that im sure i cant even get to because of the afformentioned.That being said the game has great potential given that the developers will be more vocal on what is going on  as far as fixes and general information.Breakdown:1. The game is broke2. There is little to no guidance within the game or anywhere for that matter3. The developers are silent4. Community content is irrelevant being 2+ years oldDO NOT BUY THIS GAME. Unless you really like being frustrated."
76561198037749623,Recommended,244030,22633675,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,kevindurling,"My feelings on this game are kind of mixed, I love the game play but it crashes like nothing Ive seen, and I play allot of early access games. Would I recommend it? If you don't mind the ant colony of bugs I'd recommend it, if you're easily frustrated by a game that crashes every 5 min, stay away. Great gameplay but it has a long way to go before beta."
76561197970293231,Recommended,244030,15912084,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Krodge,"I jumped, bumped my head on the ceiling... and died.I opened a door and was crushed behind it... and died.I tried to jump onto the back of a truck, slipped, rolled sideways down a hill, hit a rock...and died.I took my helmet off to store it on the wall but mistakenly dropped it on the floor, it flew around the room like a cannonball eventually smashing open the airlock.... Everyone died."
,Recommended,244030,12861321,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,mschol,"Intresting game, but a difficult one at that..The tutorial is a bit 'raw': you get the idea, but you have to find out a lot for yourself..The interface and controls are a bit confusing"
,Not Recommended,244030,32828524,Posted: 26 June,all,DaCrazyDingo,"I am a massive space nerd. I stream KSP all the time. This game showed sooooo much promise. When it dropped on Early Access it was good for what it was. Then there was almost no action on the game for the longest time. Years of inactivity.Then BOOM! It's out of EA!?!?! holy crap!?!Still pretty bad. Bohemia does really know how to make a good reliable engine that doesn't feel clunky or dated. They really finally added what would have been good to have almost 2 or 3 year ago. At this point the game had been retired from many people's libraries and minds. Sadly I have to say I think it was too little, too late with games like The Forest, Space Engineers and Subnautica having taken a good step forward in survival and building games. They keep up the updates and have a good content base with better engines and gameplay."
,Recommended,244030,31693633,Posted: 11 May,all,Doggie015,"This isn't the kind of game where everything is magical unicorn fun times.Take on Mars is a serious simulation of what it would be like to explore mars in real life. Everything from the USSR Mars-3 lander to sci-fi grade manned exploration is here, and it is in the manned portion where the game grabs you by the scruff of the neck, spits in your face and dumps you onto a hostile world with very few supplies and, if you're lucky, a basic 3D printer. And I absolutely could not be happier for the experience.And since mars has no magnetic field, you'll need to find shelter from the solar events that saturate the planet in extreme radiation. And you'll need to make your own oxygen and water before your current supplies run out.And that's just the premade campaign.Between the hostile environment and equally hostile physics, you'l have a challange in every play session.Good luck!"
76561198028601118,Not Recommended,244030,25678587,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,A Mean Guy,"Okay, I love this game, really, I really, really, really do. Wish there was something between positive and negative. But some things have kinda been in limbo for a fair amount of time and it makes me question what's exactly going on over at BI, awhile ago they broke suits for manned missions, meaning randomly, you'd start either freezing to death or burning to death, even if wearing a heavy suit, come back a year later, still happens and modders have tried to fix this to no avail, I believe this happened shortly after they changed how controllers functioned in the game.There are also a variety of bugs that have been in the game since day one and haven't been squashed, but they add more 'content' before fixing them, meaning they're building a massive stack of bugged content. Hell, sometimes the game just dies from the Player dying. It wasn't so bad, but as soon as random deaths started happening, it just took me right out of the experience.Basically, I loved this game, but God damn the bugs are killing me. I'll change this review as soon as a variety of the bugs that kill the experience get squashed. (That said, it's still better than NMS :P) I wish the devs the best in this endevour as honestly, this, for a long time, was my go to game to have fun and feel immersed on another planet.EDIT 27th Sep; there is a mod that increases thermal protection so you don't die every 2 minutes, still this should be addressed officially."
76561198059415830,Not Recommended,244030,33320306,Posted: 6 July,all,brotherjethro,"This game looked awesome, so I decided to buy it about a year ago. Even with all the gliches inside, it was in Early Access, so I gave that a pass, and had fun. For some time I thought ""Man, this is kinda cool!""So, all in all I would recommend it... IF it were still in Early Access.This game looks cool, sounds cool, even has somewhat cool gameplay (Though very difficult), but it has more bugs than a termite colony, and they didn't fix any of them before release. (In fact, they have MORE)Essentially, they should have waited longer to release it, and in the meantime, fix those bugs. I sorta hate saying this for such an awesome looking game, but I would not recommend until they fix these bugs (If they even will)."
,Recommended,244030,20460640,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,†<ȻȻ><SᴋʏᴇRᴀɴɢᴇʀ,"I found this game very enjoyable. Although it can be slow in progress, the scenarios and actual gameplay is incredibly realistic.If you want to feel like ""The Martian"" then this is the game for it."
76561197993755512,Recommended,244030,15749646,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,FirePhoenox,"OK first off, I love this game.. yes there are bugs, missing content ect, it is in Alpha right now. but by far this is the best sim I have found with space (Mars) building things ( I totally enjoy building thing ). survival, mining, building, thinking, if this is you then I would give it a shot. the first time i built a rover and landed it and took a soil sample.. the feeling you get is worth the bugs and glitches. I would say this is not for everyone because there is no combat, weapon crafting, PVP, PVE ect. but i think this game is more of a relaxed type sim, well unless your running out of O2 and there is nothing neer you to refill haha. <-- happends to me alot. but on the plus side of that my brother plays also and he jumps in the Mobile Lab and hauls butt to me so i can get to the airlock. ( tip: dont let you brother drive the MML with the rear lift gate down.. when he gets to you and you have 20 secinds of Air but there is no airlock door, well you take his suit and get to watch him sufocate. :) anyways A+ from me for this game, The Devs are really working hard to pull this together. I hope you enjoy it also"
76561198048133971,Recommended,244030,21528207,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Roper,"If you like Space Sims and want to play something different from what there's actually on the market, buy this game. if so youìll have a lot of fun with it. The sensation I've felt when the cargo bay of the lander opened and I was in front of the vastity of the amazing martian landscapes, it's something I can't describe. But if you are not that kind of gamer, get away; the game is slow, frustrating, buggy and lack of dedicated servers to play with friends."
76561197971324709,Not Recommended,244030,29914515,Posted: 13 February,all,Fawkes,"I can survive the poor quality UI, the wasted time due to lack of direction on ♥♥♥♥♥♥ missions, but this game is so incredibly buggy. I can't walk through an airlock without dying either by being throw viciously out of it or because the character has walked too hard into the wall and is somehow suffocating in a pressurized room because his mask is broken.Or how about not being able to use the poptent because I had chosen to walk 10 degrees right and found it first rather than 10 degrees left and found the other part of the mission? Or how I found some machines but they just won't work despite plugging them in. Can't put an empty barrel on it. In Mission 4, an hour and a half in.Does bug testing just not happen anymore? Don't buy it. Wait until it's 80% off two years from now when they've half-heartedly released some patches."
,Recommended,244030,28445040,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Llordllama,"I bought Take on Mars (TKOM) a couple of years ago, following an article in PCG, while it was early in it's early access phase.  It was at the time monstrously, hideously, gloriously broken.  How broken you ask?  Well, most of the main game didn’t work and while there was a game engine for clamouring around on Mars, trying to build anything usually resulted in catapulting fragments of base hundreds of meters away.  Your character on Mars also lumbered about like an arthritic pensioner in the final stages of terminal collapse, and it crashed at the merest hint of a physics-object conflict.And yet…I kept playing it.  Slowly, glacially slowly, updates came out.  Months went by at one point where a build made it impossible to play at all.  Most games like this, I’d have shrugged, written off the purchase price as an object lesson in looking before I lept and moved on.  But I’ve never uninstalled it, and periodically, between games of GTA, Kerbal and Metal Gear, I’d pop back to Mars to see how things were going.As a result of my continued curiosity, I’ve somehow managed to sink over 60 hours into this game now, and rising.  It is still, safe to say, far from polished.  Movement is still a challenge.  Building anything before starving to death or running out of essential minerals, certainly in the core ‘manned exploration’ missions is a Sisyphean struggle.  But it DOES payback in spades in giving you that feeling of being the first person on Mars, exploring in a hostile environment.  Survival SHOULD be challenging, and every minor victory feels like a grand slam.  Didn’t starve to death before getting the mobile lab down?  VICTORY!  Managed to work out how to build a working, modular 3D printer? VICTORY!  Damn…out of resources to build anything else though…Don’t buy this game if you’re lucking for something easy to play, honestly hours can be sucked in and you’ll only make teeny, tiny progress.  But what progress you, and the developers, make in TKOM, will really feel satisfying!  See you on the dawn side…"
,Not Recommended,244030,31849887,Posted: 19 May,all,Sokanas,"Just booted the Game post release 1.Appears to be incredibly broken (fresh install) with massive amounts of graphical assets not displaying on screen, such as the entirety of mission control."
,Not Recommended,244030,31716742,Posted: 12 May,all,Farsight,"The game is extremely buggy, I thought I could overlook it, but after getting pulled under the map after what was perhaps the most stressful moon buggy sim I've every played, I've decided that I simply can not recommend this game to even the most ardent of space sim fans."
,Not Recommended,244030,34940122,Posted: 13 September,all,Destromech,"While i did like this game, the achievements of this game speak for themselves at how abandoned it really was.This game has an achievement called half mark frank which is to sustain a 0.6 framerate for X seconds.... From this you can gather the idea that it's not optimised in the least and i found that out even more so at how rushed their missions were into the game. A normal sandbox game can have tonnes of items without much frame issue yet the missions you only need to build 10 items before seeing the camera shake bug which is directly attributed to frame rate. This all happening on a 1080 G1 graphics card.The devs have stated one last patch was coming and I did also try to mod with this game finding lacking guides and asking the devs directly, they didn't come out with much more, even their manuals / youtube modding guides are incomplete as well.If you want a great looking and smooth running game, head over to JCBpioneer and get on their stuff, it does look extremely polished even before release and shows amazing potential to already be this game and more. Including top down base building and actual weather hazards. Otherwise my other recommendation is osiris: new dawn."
,Recommended,244030,226633,"Posted: 6 August, 2013",all,SallenKey,"This is a great simulation game for all science/engineering enthusiasts. Don't expect it to be an action loaded, entertaining game like an FPS. It focuses more on exploration tasks and is based on real NASA rover missions which are currently in progress (e.g. ""Curiosity"" and ""Opportunity"").Consider that this game is still in alpha/beta development and therefore you'll find bugs and unfinished stuff. A big advantage of this game is the moddability which offers a huge potential. Think about what can be done with this in future...That's exactly the reason why I would also like to recommend this to all modders. You really should create some awesome mods with it! ;-)"
76561198031224508,Recommended,244030,28246926,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Elder Drake,"If you liked the movie The Martian with Matt Damon, then get this game. It is brutal, it is unforgiving, and it is hard but then again you are surviving on a hostile planet in a game set in the near future. You may see reviews of Mixed but much of this was based on the developers taking a little while to get the manned mission to Mars. Beforehand it was a robotic section and teaser of the manned.The title is new future complete and the only EA is them polishing it up and squashing bugs. It is a thinking mans survival game and a lot of fun. So in Steam review fashion:Vented my airlock without a suit 10 times, would play again: 10/10"
76561197968535328,Recommended,244030,13095499,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Cubey,Great game. But it would be nice if the devs would finish stuff that hasn't been touched in over a year. Such as the 'Content comming soon' stuff. Rather than concentrating on multiplayer.
,Not Recommended,244030,29818737,Posted: 10 February,all,Broseidon,"Not ready for a full release, shouldn't have left EA until the multitude of bugs were worked out."
,Not Recommended,244030,20676581,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,dirofblue,Game pretty much dead.  You can look in the troubleshoot forums.  Devs never respond.
76561198023452047,Not Recommended,244030,33814961,Posted: 26 July,all,Ivskran,"I'm tired of waiting. Bohemia clearly gave up on this, and thus, is largely uncompleted (half-cooked features, vehicles with placeholding panels, foundations for feature that never arrived,...). The idea is so good, Early Access was actually going smoothly, but they gave up. Guess this is not as profitable as the Arma series, wich brings to light the ambition to make mediocre moneygrabbing games rather than invest in the only (relatively) original idea Bohemia ever had. At least now I know what to expect in the future from these guys."
,Recommended,244030,17138229,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Teancum,"This is not a fast paced game, It takes time.However I like that, and I find it engaging, It keeps me playing!I've owned TKOM for a while and seen it though development and I like what they are doing, its been a good road, I cant say that about alot of early access games."
76561198119448628,Recommended,244030,22121901,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Irkdude,"Crash Lands on the Red PlanetThinks it's easy to colonize by selfTries building 5x5x2 baseFailsRuns out of oxygenTries to build 3x3 basebuilds thatPlants potatoes in planter boxfertelizewaterI AM MARK WATNEY9/10 would be mark watney againBest first person space sim with extra sci fi to date!Edit: game could use some work, better spawning system maybe? friend is mad because he can barely play multiplayer,-1 for that"
76561198104089191,Recommended,244030,17693854,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Bushi Neko,"I ve had this since it first released on STEAM, but only got around to really messing with it lately.  Back at its first release it was really nothing but send probes to MARS and try to get money to send Rovers to Mars so you could drive them around.NOW. You can play it out in a campaign and work your way from probes to manned missions. Or you can play in manned mode right away. The game includes an editor to create your own mission, scenario's, add-ons and play how where you want.. from Earth to the Moon, to Asterdoids to Mars to other..Currently you only need to worry about providing a food source and water for your astronaut. But you will see quickly that on mars or any location with any amount of moisture in the soil or air its pretty easily done. Although they need to keep their habitat pressurized, failure to do so has no affect such as sucking you and your O2 out the hole or door.. you just choke to death.  Building is not an issue as your not required to have resources, only a 3d printer included in your mission.SO. Its fun, and the vehicles are really a neat thing to mess with. BUT It has a long way to go yet. I say its going to be a great simulator of space, but not yet. At this time if its on sale grab it if you like astronauts and space, it will keep you busy, but otherwise its kind of like Stranded Deep in space. Once you mess with it a bit thats it... Unless you take the real time campaign mode ( minus the days of flight to Mars ) and play it for a while to.BTW.. Meat and potatoes are you friend in this one."
76561198025109788,Recommended,244030,14735394,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,heavymetalteacup,"Initial thoughts/review are only after two hours of gameplay - but I will come back to comment more in-depth as I get deeper into the available content.I never buy an Early Access title without following it for awhile first, to feel it out, and get some sense of dev/community interaction. This is no exception.Let's start here - for what they are charging for Early Access, I was pleasantly surprised.  It feels clean, well-executed, and rather than feeling overtly incomplete, rife with ""ragged edges"", it's actually pretty tidy in terms of how playable it is ""right now"", and how features that aren't yet ready are addressed, such as the presence of the blue ""Early Access"" icon that you'll occasionally see as you work thru the UI.Granted - while that statement in and of itself doesn't speak to the quality of the final product, what it does speak to, for me, is that of a team that cares about the Early Access users' experience along the way; consideration of the ongoing relationship between developers and players -  equivalent of that waiter that stops by your table to acknowledge you - even if they can't take your order just in that moment.In short - it's a nice touch that it would be addressed at all in this manner, and I hope this continues as the title matures and all features become available.Other thoughts:This game won't be for everyone; it's methodical, a ""quiet"" game, a game for fans of astronomy/exploration, no doubt -and encompassing elements of building, strategy and simulation. Along the way, for those so inclined, there's plenty of science trivia.I see it as casual, but with purpose and intent, and good in that you can pick it up for hours, or minutes, with the option to ""bend time"" as needed if you want (or need) to move things along.I like how the UI manages to be fairly straightforward/intuitive - you can pretty much dive in and figure things out very quickly,  and yet what lies ahead clearly points to indepth gameplay/strategy; it's easy to get into it, but you immediately realise - this is not going to ""stay"" quite so easy as you progress through the research tree - and your available budget.Speaking of that - the big budget your team have been granted isn't as much money as it may seem - don't spend too much, too soon.   The research-based ""talent"" trees cover everything from soil analysis and robotics to power management, but consider where you invest first, and how much, as you gradually build up funding for the various probes, instruments, protective elements and such that have to be added, tested, paid for, and successfully implemented - and once you do go for launch, don't assume everything will go to plan.   Fragile, precise, expensive instruments...limited budget - now let's throw in some insane Martian winds? Hey, what could go wrong?(...insert a little nod to Kerbal here).From the initial rough probe that bobs around helplessly on the surface like a lost bowling pin, there's a long road ahead of you to get from aforementioned bowling pin to footprints on the surface of the Red Planet.That's the ideal formula for me, anyway - in terms of time, and in terms of learning curves - accessible, but challenging - casual, but with clear directives.I think it's one of the fairer-priced titles in Early Access - fair and modest for what I think is a promising title, especially when I consider what I've seen for far higher prices on Steam.I hope to loop back to this review once I've logged more hours, and I hope to add equally positive comments."
,Recommended,244030,26463982,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,NeverGonnaGiveYouAWP,"This game is amazing for space fans, it's extremely difficult and unforgiving, so you have to figure how to survive without any help except your players narraration. This game is a must have for those who enjoy realistic space survival games."
76561198056055446,Recommended,244030,20749947,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,WarDog_QC,Matt Damon Simulator
,Recommended,244030,22297550,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Dubble_Trubble,"It's really fun to get a mate or two together and build a base, then get up to all kinds of shenanigans with the various rovers.My only issue I have with it in its current state is that it crashes VERY easily. I try to play multiplayer with a mate of mine, we get past the ready room and we usually get to about landing stage on mars, then my game crashes. That's my only issue with it. When it worked properly I woulda given it 10/10, but I'm confident Bohemia Interacvtive can make it great again."
76561198093372120,Recommended,244030,17034558,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,tmaxxman,"Its Awsome, the dev's are doing a great job, and i am really impressed with what is going on with this game, Unbelievable.... Now if they just implement using the resources into the buildings it would be hot, All that oxygen from the soil and no where to put it, maybe a oxygen station to hook to the building to give or feed oxygen into the living quarters.  ,....I Love It!!!!! Great Game ....."
76561197983351778,Not Recommended,244030,30046088,Posted: 19 February,all,M.S.,"TKOM is a good game for an alpha-version.But many years and have passed since start of the early access phase and while it has become a full game in complexity, it is still very clunky and needs a final streamline.Right now, it is a game for an open beta-test and not a releasable game.C'mon Dram + Team, one final push!"
,Recommended,244030,15309270,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,J_landry,"I recommend this game for anyone who loves a good simulation like myself. You're going to hobble around with a little rover at .5 m/s doing various scientific sub missions so you can slowly afford to build and launch larger landers and rovers with better instrumentation.Development does face a lot of small delays at the moment. Though so far in my experience, the dev team is very up front about the reasons as to why, no behind the scenes stuff and that's something I appreciate. If they need extra time for a completely legit reason, that's fine by me."
,Recommended,244030,9926148,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Klone222,"I bought this game and played it for 2 hours straight. All I was doing was launching probes at Mars but knowing that everything I was seeing in game was rendered off topographic maps of the area and craters is astonishing. So much detail has been put into this game that it is worth your $17 alone. Now this game isn't for everyone and I am a HUGE geek when it comes to games like this but just the fact that I am taking an object with such in-depth attention to detail is just what makes the game. I cannot recommend this game enough if you have ever thought about the colonization of another planet or if you are just a curious science teaching working on a Astronomy lesson, this is a great way to learn more and more about the celestial bodies around us and a more intriguing way of taking the colonization into your own hands."
76561198046618974,Recommended,244030,28175776,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Hogle,"So, in a nutshell, this is bit of campaign with a lot of sandbox. There isn't a heck of a lot of content at the moment and there are bugs and missing content to contend with. That said, this is one of the more polished early access games I have encountered and it looks as if it is just going to continue to grow.The way the game is designed though, I feel like it will eventually turn into something akin to Skyrim if a large enough fanbase were to get into it as the ability to mod the game allows for the creation of amazing things.The editor is a little wonky though, so hopefully that will get some more polish as well.All in all, this is one of the best space sims I've played so far."
,Recommended,244030,22004103,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,pppp,"Very fun game, even in its early access stage, in it's current stage as of march 23, 2016 it has 2 gamemodes, the manned and probe expeditions, the probe game is fun, but lacks challenge, and my personal favorite is the manned,being a mars astronaut on a barren, hostile planet definitely has its perks!"
,Not Recommended,244030,33851089,Posted: 28 July,all,Tommy-sama #Hero,"EDIT: I don't even recommend it with people with good computers. It runs terrible even after I upgraded from my aged 7970's to a GTX 1070 and it still performs at sub 20fps in certain areas.Showed so much promise, but clearly Bohemia Interactive threw this game under the rug. It performs absolutely terrible and has incomplete features and lots of bugs. I would not recommend buying this even on a sale unless you have a god computer and really REALLY like Mars Sims."
76561197970336158,Not Recommended,244030,16041923,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Kiesel,"I can not recommend it. From all I've read I've expected somewhat a sandbox game in which I build up a base on Mars. But all I see are single missions with pre-built bases or a really slow and tedious (and buggy) career mode in which you basically only press buttons to send probes to mars, drive around for hours (literally hours) to go to point A to click a button, drive to point B, click a button.... just to find out after 45 minutes driving, that the mission is bugged and you can't take pictures of the last two objectives.Woahhh, so much frustration with this game."
,Not Recommended,244030,25516142,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Poonslayer23,Maybe they'll fully release the game when we actually land someone on Mars...
76561198006514123,Recommended,244030,29041893,Posted: 5 January,all,Rogal_Dorn,"I've had this game since it first went early access.  I've played about 20 hours or so spread between differrent times during development to see whats up.  I am now going through the manned chapter of the game and I have to say.  I am pleased that they kept going with it.  It sucks to see the mixed reviews, but I get it.  I for one recommend this game if you are a huge space nerd like me.  It can be a bit dull at times, but it's a game about survival on Mars and unmanned exploration...not exactly Mass Effect.  Get it if you are a big nerd and love ""The Martian"""
,Recommended,244030,20638610,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Renrakuu,"PROS:SO, Their i was..I Don't even know how to charectorize this game, simply incredible, and im surprised its not being shown to NASA or Space-x as a sim for space exploration and psychological study of our prime canadites we are sending on the MSL project (Mars Science Lab). This sim is so realistic in every way, from the rad counts and how solar flaires happen, all the way to airlock seals and intricate grid systems, i mean, even the solar panels get more dusty in storms.. This doesn't seem sci-fi at all, but more sim realistic..the single player campain has a full training system, vehicles, and what not to teach you about the controls of all the diffrent vehicles and what have you. The construction lab where you build your own rover, the tech tree of diffrent teirs to unlock depending on how much funding you got with successful missions, and even the wiki information thats ACCURATE on current findings as you explore the missions.watching the sky crane or landing sequences, or even the total destruction or even partial one that can happen if you really mess something up..You can sample the dirt, drill, take atmospheric readings, its just nothing short of content rich filled exploration.. thats just chapter one...The multiplayer works as well, and building with friends? theirs nothing like it. They GIVE YOU the engine tools to build models or import them from other graphic programs, the workshop community is vast, and even the scenarios, the scenarios are fun, never the same no matter how you play.those pictures posted? IS ACTUAL GAMEPLAY. Its that pretty.CONS:Being in early access, the lack of dedicated server support, and sometimes the infintile lag on certain maps is horrible, but happens rarely, when I find this happens, you will need to start a new map to get rid of it, but again, this is early access. Their are some random crashes, however those are related to engine problems that are activley being worked on at the time of this writting.The game could use an auto save feature option in it that the user can toggle.Good job developers, coming from a guy that swore off of early access games, i gave you a shot, and so far your not disappointing. please don't with the official build :)"
,Not Recommended,244030,29982267,Posted: 17 February,all,Drunk In Space,"Many bugs from Early Access still remain and the game is VERY crash-happy. After tediously waiting to build up in oxygen in one of the missions, I lost a load of progress after the game crashed when trying to overwrite a previous save (I lost that save too). They released a severely broken and limited game. Avoid."
,Recommended,244030,19574460,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Cernunnos,I like this game for three main reasons:1) it is growing fast2) the technologies are awesomeI don't like this game for two main reasons:1) No Linux support2) The price is ridiculous
76561198046766046,Not Recommended,244030,17028793,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,rujoking,"Here are a few things I've noticed while playing Take On Mars:-Airlocks and other doors are broken.  Airlocks are intended to permit passage between exterior and interior spaces without depressurizing the interior, as opposed to depressurizing everything BUT the space between the two airlock doors.  And regular interior doors have a chance of depressurizng everything as well, even if the pressure on either side is safe.-Damage to space suits is global, rather than on a per-instance basis.  In other words, if you damage the legs on your medium suit, then take it off and put on a completely unused heavy suit, the legs of the heavy suit are also damaged.-It's insanely easy to get stuck in geometry.  Attempting to get unstuck is also risky, as the physics engine loves throwing players around at high velocities.-Things that look like they should fit together don't.  For example, the corners of airlock corridors have the same radius as regular curved walls, but refuse to be attached to anything but airlock passageways.-The editor is both difficult to use and completely undocumented.  There's no indication that snapping is even a thing in the editor, making it impossible to construct a base outside of the scenario itself.-Mouse acceleration is ridiculous and impossible to disable, meaning that a movement of the mouse as small as a few centimeters can sometimes rotate the camera completely around three or four times.  (Keep in mind I'm not talking about mouse lag, which is thankfully nonexistent, mouse speed, which can be changed using the incorrectly-named ""mouse resolution"" setting, or the ""fluid camera"" setting, which can be disabled.)I do understand that this is a beta, and thus a number of the things I mentioned will probably be addressed before the game is officially released, but for now I have to give it a thumbs-down."
,Recommended,244030,18510119,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,What is life,"Take On Mars is a diverse, sandbox, martian simulator with lot's on offer from constructing and sending probes to Mars in the MarsX Space Program to building various bases and habitats with your friends in multiplayer. I've followed this game for a while and since the beginning of 2015, it has had a few critical updates improving and editing the gameplay experiance. Also it feels alot like The Martian :D.When playing this, you must bare in mind that it is early access - so do expect bugs and glitches thoughout. Here are the pros and cons (in my opinion) for the current state of the game.Pros:- Beatuiful scenery and fantastic, realistic gameplay.- Various scenarios and features to play with.- Very easy to create addons to upload to the steam workshop.- Updates and roadmaps to continuously improve the game.- Fun multiplayer which can provide hours of entertainment.- Simplistic HUD for anyone to understand.- There are so many destinations from: test environments on Earth, several craters on Mars, The Moon, Mars' moon Deimos, the Astroid Belt and low orbit space stations around Earth and Mars.Cons:- Bugs and glitches which can affect your gameplay experiance.- Lot's of features which you wish were implemented but aren't.- Limited gameplay in the Space Program mode.- Building can be complicated, confusing and frustrating.- There are no tutorials for manned missions.- The price seems a little high for this kind of game.The pros outweigh the cons in my opinion and I would highly recommend this game to anyone who is intrested in space games, simulation games or sandbox games."
,Not Recommended,244030,30174884,Posted: 25 February,all,Enjoybeta,"Interesting topic of exploring Mars. However the game is still developing and has a long way need to go. Very intriguing gaming mechanisms at first, but getting tired soon due to duplicated work. All in all, after years of developing, it's still can not be called a proper game. Do not suggest to purchase right now."
,Not Recommended,244030,29952995,Posted: 15 February,all,K_N_O_B__H_E_A_D,This game is not ready to be released.It is a buggy mess and is not fun.Early Access has trolled us once again
76561198040412298,Recommended,244030,12494120,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,[Baal - Secundus] Heron,"I recommend this game 100%, Must buy for fans of a vast genre covering either space or planetary sciences. To name them all would occupy me for a long time."
,Recommended,244030,19990266,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Fluctuating Gamer,"Honestly, I haven't played this game enough to give a full review on it, but I'll say what I need to for now. Take On Mars is a (fun) space survival sim that was made by the makers of the Arma series. And I have to say that it's a pretty good game so far. I haven't tried a couple scenarios, I haven't tried the Robotics campaign fully, nor have I even been able to get the time to try out multiplayer. But from what I have done (messing around on Mars Island in a helicopter, floating around in space in orbit around a planet, getting ejected into space via jetpack, etc.) can give me a basic idea that the game is pretty good. It could do with more content with items you can build or do, like more things to do in the vast area of space. With the build system, it can get frustrating when working alone, but become a lot easier with friends.Honestly.... it's just space, what the heck do you think it would be? Boring? Ok well.... sometimes. Smash some bots in the campaign, fly a heli at Mars Island and crash it like an action movie would. Have fun for Christ's sake! It ain't all about Mars now ain't it? Ya got the Moon, can basically recreate the Neil Armstrong moment. Just get out there on Mars or the Moon and try not to die, either alone or with friends."
,Not Recommended,244030,31892245,Posted: 21 May,all,sahib,"Don't. Just don't do it.It took me 7 (seven!) tries just to run the first mission without a game breaking bug.This should be in (VERY) Early Access....also, dear GOD, how can you make space this boring???"
,Recommended,244030,21947830,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,succmaster,"I would recommend this game for fans of the film ""The Martian"", although this game could do a little bit more TLC, I would reccomend to all who want to be Mark Watney on Mars."
76561197988987362,Not Recommended,244030,29991452,Posted: 17 February,all,Fruit Salad,"Its very poor and outdated, What more can I say"
76561197969907665,Not Recommended,244030,31769703,Posted: 15 May,all,Sir Snipeington,"Careful i only review the MP portion of the game, Solo / Career does NOT interest me:The Game has been in Alpha for to long without enough change. I fear there's not enough workforce actually working on it. I absolutely love the promise of the game as a multiplayer Survival with a more or less realistic approach on mars. Unfortunately it develops so slow that it will be overtaken pretty soon by other newer games that actually show progress.I don't recommend investing in this, it's now time that the developers really show that they can develop an actual game out of it rather than keeping it in this bare bones state. It is playable but not enough content."
,Recommended,244030,28480103,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Skittles,"First off, thanks Dram for Clarifying.I will say now that my problems fixed, Money very well spent.Amazing game which you can build and explore with friends.Very Realistic, Great Qualityit is Hard and Challenging, but in a Good way.I cant think of any other words to describe this game. But in a summary, Great game, would buy again to play if had to."
76561198066297874,Recommended,244030,15962900,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Golden Wombat,"--EARLY ACCESS REVIEW--This is one of the more user friendly Bohemia interactive titles that I have found on the market. I was going to buy this when it first came out but i listened to that inner voice saying to wait for a while and see what happens. I am glad I waited until after the Manned Exploration was added. There is so much potential with this game, imagine your first task is get air to breath....oh crap I only have 1 hour and 15 mins of oxygen. It takes a few hours to get used to which parts go with each other but satisfaction is a guarantee when you have built your very first air lock so that you can recharge your air.I am now experimenting with the survival aspect of Take On Mars using the hydroponics lab to grow potatoes in my really odd freestanding base.This game even had me dreaming I was on the Moon and Mars jumping around building a base and lots of exploring.Get this game 4/5 stars"
,Recommended,244030,15744701,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,RegularJohn,I really want to like this game but it lacks of tutorials. Tutorials should be the number one priority to finish in this game.There are these cool scenarios but as you jump in the game doesn't tell you sh*t. How to build a base what is that thing for etc. A simulator game without tutorial is a huge turn down for me.Overall it's a good game I like it but Tutorials need to be added!
,Recommended,244030,15958689,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Backterria,"There are many reasons that I like this particular game.  The first and most important for me is that it takes place on a planet that I had an obsession from my early days (Yeah just like Douglas Quaid! )Although I was never a fan of simulation games, there is something in this title that makes me getting back at several times of the day. As I'm playing more and more I actually can't really consider it a simulation, but a slow paced adventure-driving game. In my head simulations are crazy difficult and too much complicated. Here things are simple - Press up and there you go - but it also has the depth with additions like upgrades and some kind of fun missions like photographing specific locations or even scooping and drilling.The mood and graphics are more than excellent and generally almost every aspect of the game it seems that has been worked with much love (+1).To be honest sometimes I wished It had some little surprises - just a tiny evidence of alien life (just a scrap) or maybe some caves (!) but I guess that's what mods are for..I'm really happy that this game exists and it is a great companion when I'm not in the mood for fast action stuff."
,Recommended,244030,10625400,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,slyfoxninja,"It's pretty fun, but there are a few issues with it; the two major one is that when it crashes your game, even if it's saved, will be gone and right now the game doesn't load at all. I'm still giving this a game a thumbs up because it was really fun when it was working and I think it still will be once the bugs are worked out. It'll bring out the childhood space nerd  in everyone."
76561198056156060,Recommended,244030,7441944,"Posted: 21 October, 2013",all,ArcticBliss,"An Opportunity (geddidgeddid? :) ) to play a rare gem with emphasis on science, and how it is actually done by NASA and others."
76561197968931668,Recommended,244030,13186009,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,cfpresley,"While this is still in late alpha, it is coming together to look like a fusion of certain aspects of KSP  and Space Engineers, in addition to (soon to be) working life support.  If you like either of those games, you will love this one provided you have the patience with bugs and lacking documentation."
76561198011108461,Not Recommended,244030,29823349,Posted: 10 February,all,Fuzzyface,"***MARCH 13TH UPDATE EDIT***So another update post release, started the game up, loaded my save, drove a vehicle forwards to create a 'new state', clicked the save button and the game, once again, crashed to desktop.Maybe next update it'll be solved, who knows------------------------------------------------------Trying the solo campaign;Map doesnt workFree mode camera doesnt workShadows missing features (Astronaut has no head)Rotation of objects and placement is an absolute cr*p shoot, theres no telling what way an item will rotate when using the 'R' mouse function, you have to hope it just flails into the postition you want.This game could be so good, it just has many features that are impossible to play with without huge frustration****EDIT****Tried to play more of the game, advanced a touch more through the single player, got lost on one of the missions just driving around so decided to reload using the in game menu - This caused a CTD.Started up again, managed to progress and thought to myself ""I'll save my progress"", used the in game save function - CTD once more.Im hugely disappointed at just how poor this game is, its really beautiful and could be something amazing, I find it hard to believe the developer released this and was happy to do so, this barely scrapes as playable, and I can not in good conscience let people buy this expecting to enjoy themselves, this game needs a lot of work before this review is turned around"
76561198023633306,Recommended,244030,12150098,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Fjor,"I bought this game on a whim as an aerospace buff and ended up playing it when my internet went out. This game is so solid it's not even funny. Even in Early Access, they have a great core game. Missions, objectives, semi-customizable crafts, and a fluid resource system makes me excited for future updates. 10/10 for an Early Access game."
,Recommended,244030,24510210,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,MarsMatter,"This is a great game and I find it a lot of fun, but I do think they released it too early.  They even still have a few placeholder features in the game, it is still unfinished.  I'm going to review the manned and unmanned parts seperately here because they are basicly two different games.Unmanned:It is very fun and relaxing to explore Mars with a rover if you are the kind of person who is OK with not having much action.  I usually turn on an audio book or something while playing because it's a great way to unwind.  The driving model is incredibly well done, and they keep it as true to real science as possible.  There are enough challenges to keep it engaging, but it's still more relaxing then anything.  Definitely not something that every gamer would enjoy.  I bought the game back when this was all that it had and just for that I consider it worth the money.Manned:This was not an intended feature of the game until it was well into it's development and it was kinda' patched in there after the fact, so it isn't as well done.  Don't get me wrong, it's fun and all but they could really have done better.  It is still the best and most realistic simulator of it's kind in my game library, but they could have done so much better.  Simelar to the unmanned portion it it's more relaxing and not really action packed.  In it's current state there are some 3D printer recepies that require unimplemented materials and the power level indicator on the space suit HUD is still place holder, this should still be considered an unfinished game.  Multiplayer is there, but it's really best if anyone you play it with lives really close to you and has fast internet because it's terible and handling any latency at all."
76561197968578767,Not Recommended,244030,30544066,Posted: 16 March,all,Beenster,Oh my god - about a year ago I tried this in Alpha and gave up after too many frustrating bugs with multiplayer.  So it was with some anticipation I started again today to have a go at the full released game.  It continues to randomly crash and fail in all sorts of ways.  What great potential - but horific instability. Definitely not worth wasting your time.
76561198025346033,Recommended,244030,17775254,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,wilsmyth,"This game is hard to get into, as it is not very intutive and there is very little out there as far as lets plays and reddit posts are concerned. The game play is slow, challenging and unforgiving. But after taking the time to learn it, mainly thru trial and error, I have grown to love it. I suppose if you are looking for an expirence that takes little involvement, and requires more twitch than common sense there are many many games out there, but this one wont be for you. However, if you like a challenging and rewarding experience than you can do far worse and I would recommend this game."
,Recommended,244030,26355537,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,87th Foot Maj. POTUS,"A fun semi simulator / Survival game. You are in charge of the Mars space program and bombard the red planet with probes. If you experiece a bit more ""curiosity"" then start sending rovers and configurate them in order to complete your science objectves without wasting the tax payers money by crashing a million dollar rover on the surface of Mars.If that sounds utterly boring to you and you don't want to drive the rover painfully slow on the surface of Mars. Then go ahead and play the survival aspect. Pick a scenario, create one, play it solo or take it to multiplayer and start building your new home on Mars and make sure you have all the resources you need."
76561198021357391,Recommended,244030,24466526,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,thetekkie,"Educational, realistic and fun. Add real locations and a healthy mix of building and controlling rovers along with base building and survival and you have a well crafted, fun to play game that will keep you coming back for more."
,Not Recommended,244030,34836495,Posted: 9 September,all,Kernel Panic,"I tried it again after being disapointed with the beta's. They have improved all the lag and bugs inside the game... by not having it start at all. Bugridden, unplayable."
,Recommended,244030,18043496,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Headcrab,"Awesome game, I hope it develops more. 10/10"
,Not Recommended,244030,22785440,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,TheTrueMac,"It's been in ""Early Access"" for 3 years and there is literally no one playing multiplayer. The single player is intensly boring and slow. It's very technical, which the development team is fantastic at, but there is no playable worth to the game. The only exception would be someone who is considered a tried-n-true enthusiast of robotics and/or uneventful planetary exploration.Message to Bohemia: I've been playing your games for years. As a company who chooses to focus on a very specific niche gamer, consider me to be as big of a supporter as anyone else you could meet. Thousands of hours devoted to your titles, so I don't say this lightly. You have two core game styles that emerge from Multiplayer, which is what honestly drives the popularity of your titles, not the campaign. Your fantastic military gameplay style, which would only need to be polished more responsive for future titles, whether it be ArmA or not, it's very very good being as intricate as it is. The other, Role Play servers. You inadvertantly created something that allowed the players to create the most perfect role play game on this planet. The only issue is that those people are inefficient, lacking development knowledge and core access. You have such a monumental level of potential with what's been made. If you were to make a non-military related civilian role play game, albeit equally weaponized with practical firearms, you would create a polished and perfected base for a very intricate and realistic roleplay experience. Just with ArmA 3 RP Life servers now, you are given the ability to do things that no other game allows you to live out. You need only spend a month in a Life server to see that the game is used in a manner that would overwhelm the gaming world if done in a fully developed way. With the advancements in VR, a Bohemia Realism Role Play game with a VR headset would be unstoppable.Food for thought.I apologize for the negative review, it is purely based on the playability of this game, for me."
,Recommended,244030,13628635,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,beast902,amazing game for being early acces. although i would like to see a sandbox mod for singleplayer
,Recommended,244030,28699657,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,TechStudios,"Love this game and totally recommend it! First - don't get fooled by the bad reviews. They complain about bugs, slow performence, etc.First off, this game isn't released. You need to accept that.. some of the bugs are actually really, really fun and cool. Though, the game is in early access. I would seriously hate for the game to go down, but I don't think it will. :)Take on Mars is very realistic and a REALLY, REALLY good Sandbox game. The campaign so far is really good. There's an awesome editor mode for making your own scenarios (and just for awesome role play), kind of like Arma III. I love that!The space and planet mechanics work great. Not in an equally pressurized place with no oxygen? Your oxygen in your lunges gets forced out of your mouth and you eventually die, unless you are smart and have a space suit on.There's an awesome damage system, meaning you can crack your helmet and break a big component of your suit, and it takes lots of your oxygen away and lowers the duration and time you got left till you run out of oxygen.The gravity in the game is also very realistic. If you are in an edit mode and go on the moon, you'd always want to jump around and see how high you can get in the air. Though, if you're in space, such as in the International Space Station or a little rocket ship, and you jump out, you probably won't be able to control where you are going due to gravity. This means that you're probably going to float away. You can avoid it by exiting your station/vehicle in space, but stay very, very close to it. For extra security, I hold down ""E"" to grab it. Then if you want, you can learn how to use a thruster pack thingy to thrust yourself back.There's a variety of space suits and vehicles to choose from, in which is a BIG bonus to the developers. Example, heavy space suits have more oxygen due to longer EVA sessions.In the editor mode, you may feel bored.. but then you just need to try things, such as placing a manned landing rocket thingy in the air, and watch as it falls and land on Mars, then step out and do whatever you want. I usually make up my story as I go in the editor mode.. that is what is fun about it.Then there are also robotic stuff, like landers and rovers that you can actually be in the campaign/edit mode. It's fun to mess around with that. Anyways, there are some bugs in the game. If you come across one, don't just quit and refund the game. Enjoy that it is a really cool game and in early access. Some bugs are fun to mess with! That's something to do if you're bored. Just.. don't get too crazy with them.Overall, great realistic sandbox space game! So far, the best space game I've ever played yet. I hope to see this game thrive and release in the future.==========================================Don't get overwhelmed by the bad reviews. I read all the bad reviews, bought the game, and totally had a blast! And I am still having a blast. :POverall rating: 10/10Good job devs!"
76561198070562723,Not Recommended,244030,31856120,Posted: 20 May,all,Nex,"They released this game in this state.. It isn't even pre-alpha worthy.. This is literally the most broken game I ever played in my life. This is not the kind of crap that should be coming from AAA developers. It isn't much of shocker, seeing the state they left DayZ in.."
,Recommended,244030,16740037,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,「Blackwolf ʰ₃ʰ₃ʰ₃」,"The game is quite buggy and crashes alot, but since it is made by a small team, it is still a good game and I enjoy playing it. Currently it is in the Alpha phase and it still looks vey well made, it will advance onto the Beta phase, looking forward to it.If you're the person which can't handle alot of crashes, then you should wait some time to let the game improve."
76561198159884332,Recommended,244030,31217732,Posted: 18 April,all,Bertus,"Very inmersive game.You must think first and execute later, so, is not a game for shooters.3D graphics on first line (no sttuters with all graphics options on max).For me, one of the most amazing and original scientific simulator game in the lasts years.I would think, developers will improve scientific tools, inside game, for more complex and evoluted gameplay.Bohemia Interactive is always a garantee.Calification 9 of 10"
,Recommended,244030,18605279,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Lucas Kane,"Disclaimer: It's been a while since I last played it, and people are saying it's basically broken now. I stand by what I said when I played it I think it was a fine game. I don't know abut its current status, tho.I don't think there's a better alternative for a ""Mars simulator"" out there. If you're into the trend of Mars-related sci-fi with more sci than fi, this is the game for you.Not really the finished product, although I haven't played since the game left E.A. At any rate, stay away if you really hate bugs and glitches, and unfinished packages in general; but it already has great content, imo.They keep updating every now and then, which is both necessary and welcome. I really hope they keep working on it and, over time, it could potentially become THE Mars Sim we all want."
76561197994011326,Not Recommended,244030,31263280,Posted: 20 April,all,SoCal_GSXR,"So I've played around with this game alot. While I enjoy, mostly, what exists..I have too many concerns with it.This game is so far from finished it isn't even funny. Like.. imagine the worst game you can remember playing.. then delete half the code. It's almost *literally* a perfect analogy.That being said, here is my list:Pros:Mars Survival: (If you liked the movie ""The Martian"" you might like playing this.)Diverse building/construction capability. There is a lot you can do in the game.The graphics are not too shabby at all.It's a game.It's one *heck* of a way to waste time.Cons:- It's 90%+ a rip off of ""The Martian"". In both, you are named Mark. A Botanist. And you grow potatoes for food. Just for starters.- In order to grow potatoes.. you need potato seeds... Think about that for a second. Potato seeds. *Hint* Potatoes *are* the seed! So when you are farming.. in this game.. you plant the ""Potato Seeds"" and grow a potato plant.. Which you can harvest for potato seeds and potatoes. (NOTE: As Vas pointed out.. the potato *isn't* actually the seed. Learn something new every day! Unfortunately however.. that *really* doesn't change anything now does it? This game is still ""The Martian"" v.01)- The physics are completely broken. There are things that happen when running wires, or even just laying down in your emergency poptent that can not physically happen, will kill you, and potentially waste hours of your time if you haven't recently saved.- The graphics engine is one of the worst I have seen in years. The coding of the game causes even my 1080 SLI setup to get so bogged down while I am playing.. That even it can't keep up. How this ""developer"" managed that.. I don't even know.- The UI is so painful to use.. you will constantly find yourself yelling at the screen.. after you tried, unsuccessfully, to put something in your inventory several times.. but instead dropped it on the floor... several times. You have to have the pointer in *just* the right spot, or the item in *just* the right position.. or it is either going to go where you don't want it to... Or the item is going to *literally* shoot off like a rocket to parts of Mars yet unknown. Possibly Pluto.- As you build up your base.. the game becomes so bogged down that the screen has a persistant ""shake"" when you turn your camera. Build too much (which is something like 20-30 items--impossibly easy to do) and it happens, and only gets worse.-Build too much (40-50+ items) and the game starts to slow down.. Allowing you to do slow motion Moon-Jumping... because the game is now running at a fraction of it's normal speed.-The Narration is garbage. The voice actor will eventually make you want to deck the crap out of him--Because he is an idiot. You can tell they watched the movie ""The Martian"" too much, and tried to think of good dialog to replace it and do the exact same thing... And could not have done a worse job.-You build in this game using a 3d printer to build everything. Clothing. Glass. Computers. Wires. Complex Refineries. The developer apparently doesn't understand 3d printers.-Electrical cables are alive. They do not just lay down. They squirm and/or float up into the air like earthworms in pain. It is a *painful* eyesore when trying to build a cool base.. and the wires float up, around, and other insanity.. making your base look like cancer.-So very much more.. I can't even begin to remember it all. You have to just learn to ignore everything about this game.. in order to just play it, let alone like it.-ET for the NES was better. This alone speaks volumes.I will update this if I think of anything I've forgotten. Do yourself a favor. Don't buy it. Take an intro to C/C++ college class.. and I guarentee you that within a year.. You can program something better.Yeah.. that's not true. But the sad part is... it *almost* is."
76561198127372670,Recommended,244030,16774766,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,The_Gorgonopsid,It is somehow satisfying to drive for an hour just do do some thing to a rock with a laser... and then realise that you don't have the laser.9/10 would drive without laser again
76561198158009593,Recommended,244030,17646864,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Jax von May,"This simulation is outstanding. Unmanned (land + space) and manned sim, all in one.I'm outraged at some negative reviews written by people with 3 hours of game on record. Early access means opportunity to improve the game before final release, so use it, instead of ♥♥♥♥♥ing about it. Intellectual dishonesty is despicable, as is insulting the obvious hard work behind this project. And no, I-m not paid by anyone.The scientifc depth, the attention to realism, the gameplay, the graphics, everything testifies of the skills of the developing team, and their commitment to an ambitious and fascinating project. Kudos to them, also for their responsiveness to the community.I am about to finish the space program, therefore haven't nearly explored the whole scope of the game, not even tried the manned or survival part of it. But I can already confidently say that even only with what I have seen now, this is well worth the money. The BETA is stable. And it has the potential to be, simply, a masterpiece. If a number of recommendations and ideas as presented by the community will be integrated in the final development the game, it can IMHO attain a level of unprecedented excellence.Of course, this is not for adrenaline junkies. I process my mails, watch the news, and even manage some substantive discussion with my wife, while playing this (...).But if you are into realistic space exploration, astrophysics, astronautics, (space) engineering, then do yourself a favor and support this project. Devs, don't give up. I know people want space zombies and stuff, but I-m not the only one enjoying and appreciating the scientific (and fun) dimension of your project.Building my first large rover, landing it, navigating it through Martian terrain, and proceeding with a successful series of scientific tasks... that was freaking good.The Zero-gravity probe is great fun too. Here too, the experience is very immersive, the wannabe astronaut in me has a hard-on when navigating the asteroid belt and getting, after a careful approach (prepare to see your vehicle shattered by debris, or crashed by your recklessness), to scoop dirt and more, while zooming out in the big black space.Highly, highly recommended.Current games: Silent Hunter 5 (heavily modded...), Verdun, and now ... Take on Mars."
,Recommended,244030,12269421,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Lunokhod 3,Great mars exploration simulator
,Recommended,244030,24098874,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Jig,"After several failed attempts at docking with International Space Station (ISS), decided to just relax and let my ship auto dock. I sip my coffee, and watch the ports line up on my display. I raise an eyebrow. ""Seems rather quick for an auto- JESUS CHRIST!"" I swat at the manual override button, but it's useless. A loud bang and explosion of gas as my hull depressurizes. The cockpit canopy above me shears away, revealing a dizzying spectacle of swirling stars. On instinct alone, and in what could have only been a second or two, I release my harness and dive out through the gaping hole. A section of the craft snags my suit, tearing one of the legs. Still spinning. I see the solar panels of the station. Stars. Panels. Stars. I'm getting closer. I might just- Miss it completely. I close my eyes. I ponder how far I'll drift in 45 minutes before my oxygen runs out. Do I even have that long? I only know one thing... I'm dead. Twirling amidst the vacuum. Glancing at the blue sphere I occasionally catch from the corner of my eye. The ISS growing further away... did it mean anything? Any of it? No. Not now. Not for me. F--- it. I sigh as I begin disconnecting my helmet and fade further into the black."
,Recommended,244030,11821243,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,b 0 t t i n i,"AMAZING !   This is a sim.  One of the best.  Early Access. . . .  Imagine when its done.I really wanna sample soil.  I want more analyzing.  But,  driving around is good for now.If you do not like this sim, its because you do not have a passion for science, discovery or even a ounce of wonder.  I love it...!I RECOMMEND THIS GAME..... For thos who know who Niel de Grasse Tyson is,  understand that we are small in this big universe,  like remote controlled cars to the fifth power and,  AND..... have the aptitude and imagination needed to discover things like the greatest mind have that have ever walked this planet...JUST LET ME SAMPLE SOME SOIL !!!!!!"
76561198007389515,Recommended,244030,21305488,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,SGTKnowlescorps,"Take on mars is a seriously great game and the type of game which is rare and i'm glad i foundThis is a simulation game of both exploration using rover and then 1st persion manned missionsThe developers are always active and updates are regular (usually monthly)There is also a strong workshop community building addons you can downloadGamplay, graphics, sound and content are all really goodI'd recommend this game to anyone who likes simulation and would really like to go to mars one day"
76561198072577531,Recommended,244030,22775105,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Rocky Jet,"I really love it. Base building, growing your own food, great atmosphere, becoming self sustained, rover action, steam workshop,exploring all in the name of science. My only complaint is the updates are very few and far in between. Other than that, awesome sim for any NASA or space nerd like myself."
76561198069521582,Recommended,244030,16286510,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Big Hoss,"Take on Mars could easily become one of my favorite games if Bohemia takes it in the right direction. Currently, the singleplayer guidence is severly lacking. It teaches you about the different rooms within the faciliy, goes over the map, and finally gives you the option of using game time or real time. Thats it. I didn't get too far into the singleplayer experience but I would assume that theres no lessons on what to do once you land someone on the surface.(I do get that this is still being made)Multiplayer and scenarios (?) are super fun when they go well, but terrible when they dont. Singleplayer scenarios never crash (unlike their multiplayer counterparts) but lack the entertainment that another person brings. Multiplayer crashes often but can be so so so much fun. The physics engine seems a little wonk, so exploiting it in the mobile lab or on top of the flying lander is just plain goofy. Base building may need an update, right now you have to put every single panel in place by your self. There are no templates unless you are editing a world.Overall, this game is worth the money if:a) you have someone to play withb) you are willing to be patient and wait for the bugs to be hammered out"
76561197984871587,Recommended,244030,30664418,Posted: 22 March,all,Ruges,"There is a good judgement to tell if your going to like this game or not. Ever watch one of the NASA livesteams of them doing an EVA working on the ISS? If you thought it was exciting, then you are going to love this game. if you got board and wonder where all the space pew pew pew was, You are going to do the same in this game.Couple that with a game engine that is not optimized for this sort of game. While it might say no need to wait till the 1930's to take on mars. You might need to wait so you have a decent enough computer to play it.  Listed system requirments are garbage, Even the recomended is garbage.  I would put the 680 is a min and the 980 os recomended. And even with a 1080TI, your going to hit performance isssues with some settings and building."
,Recommended,244030,18851609,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,QuebeC,this is a great game for a space enuthuest astronimer or just someone with a general intrest (of space or mars ect) it is a VERY slow pasted game so you need to be patient but its rewarding. there is a very great multiplayer mode (the multiplayer is simalar to minecraft and yes i just compared minecraft deal with it) you can be independint or coop in building things and surviveing on mars the moon or mars island (an island in the middle of the sea used to train astronuats for mars)in conclustion 10/10 would mars again
,Recommended,244030,15733137,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,{JFH} Grubb,Been playing this game on and off for a couple of years now and every time i pick it up again i have a hard time putting back down.* constant updates (they may take a bit but they are there)*AMAZING visuals!! no seriously even with the settings on low load up the low earth orbit senario and tell me its not breathtaking!*Replayablity - No matter how many times you play the game there is always a different way to do the same thing you have already done 50 times*Bohemia.....Ok so this last bit is a little bias i have had a love love love relationship with bohemia since arma 2 and as far as im concerned this dev could do no wrong ( im expecting the usual comments about how wrong i am but just remember this is MY opinion!)Final Score 100/100 with the updates constantly repairing bugs and adding new features the game is only going to get better so sit back and enjoy the ride to full release!P.S. in the interest of fairness about 2 months ago i was having a constant crash every time i loaded victoria crater but with one of the many updates this bug seems to have been exterminated.Thanks for reading-The Grubb
,Recommended,244030,30324760,Posted: 4 March,all,Myth,"This game is awful in so many ways - and yet, I highly recommend it!The basic premise is to run a space program, explore Mars and other parts of our solar system, and if you play the campaign from start to finish, you start with Rovers and progress to manned missions. As the player you can very much scale the challenge to what you want to do - some missions require you to just move a camera, others need you to pilot a spacecraft in zero-g - and that is both as boring and as challenging as it sounds.The game tries to give you that Space Program feel, and there begins the problems. The interface is clunky, it's not explained at all, and there are any number of cutscens that just bore the crap out of you. Some of the challenges require a mindnumbing rover-drive for 1 km across mars - that gets really boring too, and feels like you're investing offline time for in-game progress.The game is just as unforgiving and buggy as all of Bohemia's products are. I've had two crafts fall through the ground on insertion, and since you're always kind of strapped for cash, that can cripple your program and force you to do some of those long drives or reload. The game - for some inexplicably bad design reason - doesn't autosave when you start a mission, so reloads can cost you if you forgot to constantly save.And yet, it is so much fun! The feeling of building a space program is very real and the challenges with bugs and the penalties for failure make you feel exposed to the elements like in a survival game. I've played a ton of Kerbal and I love the heck out of this experience, bugs aside.So really: give it a go if you love space exploration and strategy games."
76561198025609238,Recommended,244030,8930243,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Si,"I would not have thought it would be so fun to drive a small, clumsy, slow, and noisy little robot around and do science.This game is of course buggy in its 'early access' stage of its release.  I'm looking foreward to watching this game grow into a final product."
,Recommended,244030,15233332,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Ian Mantell,Slow paced and relaxing. Don't get caught in a dust storm.
76561197972888887,Recommended,244030,19584916,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,=ADK= Ltmayday,making a base...done roof...forgot to place a window on said roof..went to walk over missing window area..fell and died..10/10if you a building nut then this is for you...if you like to go out and take in the detail on mars then this is for you...if you work for NASA then this is for you...yes its in early access but i be damed is it the best early access fun i ever had...plus its MP to what more can i say
76561198130829286,Recommended,244030,22018725,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,kakaóscsiga,"You ever wated to re-create the martian?You ever wanted to build bases on mars and the moon??You ever wanted to fly around in the earths low orbit???You ever wanted to drive a mars rover????well if yes, than this is the perfect game for you :D"
,Recommended,244030,11942442,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Hoshiceo,"At first, I was a bit bored. The beginning probe/lander gameplay is a bit tedious and the game doesn't go out of its way to explain anything.Then, I moved onto the rover stage and launched a hail-mary pass with a medium rover to explore a little area with a bunch of objectives right next to one of my old landers.Next thing I know, it's five hours later, and I'm having a surprising amount of fun exploring Mars, doing my own interpretative dance in the form of The Fast and the Furious: Mars Drift, and drawing♥♥♥♥♥♥♥in the dirt all over the planet. I finally found my old lander, then spent a while trying to slowly dismantle it with my rover's robotic arm. Now I'm wondering if I could manually navigate a small lander to land atop a large rover, having a criminal amount of fun, and I haven't even touched the new colonization and zero-g probe features yet.This game isn't for everyone, but I give it a hearty recommend to anyone interested in space exploration."
76561197996464882,Recommended,244030,28868815,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,eckithebull,"I can't understand, why people are so angry about a Early Access Game with some bugs and glitches. Yes, they are in the Game and maybe a long time, but I repeat: It's Early Access!!! The other thing is the way you play the Game. Myself, I had the patience to drive around a Rover for HOURS and I MEAN HOURS!!! You can adjust the speed to ""realistic"" but that is too slow, even for my kind of patience. For a ""realistic"" player, i must mention, that you can also give orders in form of timed console inputs, instead of driving a rover (or other craft) with the keys. I am bit over 40 Years old and can remember the steps of Mars Exploration from my Childhood until now, so for me, a dream came true, when I saw the Game in the Sale and decided to buy it now, even in EA-State, because I watched the Game for a long Time.I still enjoy it very, very much! I have a 4 year old PC and a 2 Year old Graphic Card, not the best, not the worst. The only lag i had was, when physics and graphics, for example in a sandstorm, came together. Then i noticed, the game becoming ""clunky"". Simple Trick: Save the Game, back to Game and it vanished and you can play another hour without disturbance. And I'm playing on max Graphic settings, so can't understand the problems of the other people here, having massive lags and graphic problems.As you watch my gametime, be advised, I'm still in the Robot-Exploration Phase, because I want to play the Campaign ""My way"" with discovering ALL Missions and earn lots of money. You may play the Game another way and that's also, what pleased me much: Do what you want, when you want, where you want and follow the path of Exploration, but: LOOK FOR HAZARDS!!! The sandstorms can kill your Rovers in short time, so seek shelter behind rocks or dunes, before the lenses of your cameras are so scratched, that you only can drive in 3rd person Mode. I love this realism! I love the way my Rover makes a ""Salto"" when i underestimated a small cliff. I love it, when Energy runs out, because i forgot, that the polar region is MUCH colder than the deserts and driving AND heating the Instruments need too much energy together.That leads me to another point: You always can save and load, WHEN you decided right at start, where the Game asks you, if you want to play realistic (no fast forward in Mission Control) or not. A crash? Ok, loading Game, once again. What  are the people expecting, when they play the ""realistic"" way??? Donuts and Coffee? Self steering, magic, landers, avoding obstacles and rocks for themselves? Red Carpet for your machines and a flat road leading to your exploration targets on the surface? Man, THIS IS A SIMULATION!!! Maybe realistic, maybe not, that depends of the player, but you have to LEARN, that Mars Exploration is a series of failures and crashes. Mr. Google can help you find out, what REAL Exploration is like. I am German and watched with great interest the actual Mars Probe of the ESA. What happened? Another unsuccessful Mission and a bit of very expensive hardware rotting in a Mars Desert! That's LIfe!Hey, i bought this Game, i can exploring the Mars myself and don't have to wait until ESA has success!"
76561198202044422,Recommended,244030,17573013,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,dashanerocket,"As a 13 year old space geek I can definitly say that this is the game a lot of people like me can love.Yes the game is glichy, and yes its not complete, but the thing that makes this game what is it is, is the concept. See I love KSP, but I'm really into mars rovers and manned missions to Mars.I got this game when it first came out on my dads's laptop but had to delete it later. However, I got it agin before Beta release. The thing about the game in the space program is that I can get a look at what real rover operaters do. Now I know that the rovers part is really unrealistic, but it sparked my ""Curiosity"" and made me want to become an rover operator at NASA.The manned part of the game is, well its just awsome! I once wanted to be the first human on Mars, but after finding out that its not a return trip, I gave up on that dream(I stillwant to work at NASA or be an astronaut). But Take on Mars Is like a taste of what the real missions might look like. I love just plying around with the manned section and the editor, but what really gets me is the experiance this game gives me.Another thing is that games like this are not common and so they are really awsome when someone does make them.Also, Devs, you are amazing. this game is amazing, the community is amazing!"
76561198094935797,Recommended,244030,21994030,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,[M.A.C.O.] Schrödinger,"--For those wanting to just get to a hands on review skip to the secondary section.--I have been watching and following, and in the past had time to help with hunting bugs and harassing the devs with copy pasted reports since it first came out on early access. Over time I have gotten to see this game grow more and more, thus expanding it's own potential. Take On Mars not only is a simulator, but an educational platform (Hence the wiki data you unlock in the Robotics portion.). With games like this, and Kerbal Space Program, I see a lot of potential for games to bring new challenges and focus to many forms of education in simulation that can even be utilized in classrooms to get kids interested in space exploration, physics, astrobiology, and aeronautics through adaptive and hands on learning.I know it's been a long time, and yes the due date has been pushed back, and yes there are still bugs that need to be smashed. But in the end, Take On Mars will be a perfect platform for both simulation lovers, and Mars Enthusiasts as the work put into this makes it one of the most unique games currently in beta. Long strides have been made in gaming technology that opens up more intuitive and complex forms of learning and adapting to in game demands through user comprehension and skill. This game needs as much notice and support as possible.------------------------------------------------Section Two--------------------------------------Take On Mars is a game based on the research of Mars in understanding what is to be expected for human crews to work with. In the first portion you are able to utilize probes, lander, rovers, and advanced equipment to study the martian surface and gather real world intel based on scientific findings. In chapter two you will take the role of a surviving astronaut who has to survive on the surface through building and maintaining equipment (Chapter2 is still in development.)Also there are singleplayer and multiplayer scenarios, along with an editor so that you can build your own scenario and upload it to the workshop. Along with this is the ability to easily mod the game files via the developer toolset if you're into that. This gives grounds so a lot of malleability to the game and what players can do with it. Overall, despite it being unfinished I have to give it a 8/10 for both the improvements, the dev team, and the uniqueness of the game. There are others sure, like Mars: Challenger, which is fun but not one I can honestly recommend.All in all, Take On Mars is a gem, and to those wondering if it is worth buying I will say this:If you don't mind putting in the effort to submit bug reports, push the game mechanics, and test different aspects of the game then yes, buy it and help the developers expand and debug more of it.If you want something polished off the bat and are not patient or willing to aid in development, then no, and nor should you buy any game on Early Access because that is what it is for."
76561198004178304,Not Recommended,244030,29936695,Posted: 14 February,all,dexnom_ᛒᛏᛃᚾᚹᚾ,"i like this game..realy do...but..it is disgrace in first place, bec bugy as hell. nu,ber of bugs is enormous and yet they released it.save your money and dont buy, you will be only frustrated and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,244030,18438944,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Blake,"I'm a fan of the survival genre. I'm a fan of the science-fiction genre. Put those two together and you get Take on Mars.While not completely finished, as denotes it's Beta Build, it is on it's way to becoming a remarkably accurate simulator (with obvious gameplay exceptions) of survival on Mars.That being said... it does suffer similar problems to most Open World Sandbox games of the same ilk at the moment. Notably the 'nothing to do but survive' problem. At least in most scenarios. Take On Mars, however, seems to address this problem with the Scenario / Scenario Editor... you can utilise triggers, events, etc. to create a story arc style of play. From landing, base building, to extraction should you want it, and thus solve the major issues of the survive to survive most survival genre titles have.What strikes me most about this game in either the Single or Multiplayer, is the emptiness. Some put it down as a Con, I put it down as a Pro... Mars is empty. There is very little to do there in reality, and this is refelcted somewhat by gameplay. However, the inclusion of science experiments, sampling, and more would add greatly to the overall experience.You can 'fake' science with the previously mentioned Scenario Triggers, but this pales in comparison to what the developers could possibly do in terms of story arc.Single Player - The Single Player Gameplay starts with what could be considered a 'modern space age' where you send probes, landers and rovers to Mars, Deimos, and even the Asteroid Belt. After 'completing' this portion of the campaign gathering all the outlined data under objectives, you are ready to launch your manned mission.I don't want to spoil the storyline of this mission arc, but Mark Watney move over, there's a new King of Mars. And it is story driven, though limited in scope. Starting in one area, and moving to another. With no option to alter which starting area, nor where you head to.If you're looking for a completely free-roam Open World Sandbox game, this one is not for you. If you're looking for a game that throws enough realism in your face to be accounted a 'true' survival game then this is the one for you.The team seems dedicated to keeping updates flowing, and they do address problems with the product as they can.The game has been in Early Access for a while, but this doesn't phase me in the slightest. Years in development is basically any title that has something unique about it, or needs to be built in a different way from previous titles. Comparing development times of a game like this to games such as Battlefield or Call of Duty wastes time, and mental energy. Building onto previously formulae (Battlefield, Call of Duty, <insert other franchise here>) will always be faster, easier, and more efficient than creating something new, and I prefer the effectiveness of Take On Mars to the fast development that would see it be a reskin of another title.In conclusion, the game does have bugs, and some of its elements lack polish, but if the development team continues the way they are going it may well show a new way to experience survival that actually throws whatever it can at you to make you fail, without big green aliens, zombies, or other post apocalyptic horrors."
76561198031374078,Not Recommended,244030,33341905,Posted: 7 July,all,Martyn169,"Bought this game a year ago thinking it would be a sort of mans first steps on mars simulation and it is to some degree, however the problem is that they have focused so much on the simulation aspect that it gets very boring and repetitive, especially in the campaign on both manned and unmanned missions. For starters in the unmanned campaign after a while you have a small rover that moves at the same speed as an asthmatic old man with parkinsons disease, you then need to travel for several miles and over an hour just to reach your destination to collect data and stuff, rather than having a system of plotting a course and letting it follow that course. You then have to repeat this several times to get the money required to unlock new parts, eventually i got to the large rover and got so bored I quit and went into the manned campaign. The manned campaign i then discovered is much the same with rubbish physics where you can be killed or knocked out when in the airlock of your truck, or by any other means for very little reason. The buttons are also hard to press and you'll press the wrong ones allot, sometimes ending in your death. Eventually I reached the point where I managed to get the refinery and drills, however i had been killed so many times by the airlock in my truck that I eventually quit the game.Would I recommend this game? not really as there are other games such as space engineers that do the game part much better, however if you want something thats a hard core sim then probably yes. I can also recommend the Scenarios and the editor in this game as some of them can be quite fun.Edit: If you really want this game I would advise you to watch some videos on it before making your decision, that goes for every other game aswell."
76561198180565206,Recommended,244030,15765008,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,the red E,great game to talk and meet new peaple in can use more things in it but that will change
,Recommended,244030,446676,"Posted: 17 August, 2013",all,Jᴧgᴧ,"Only in Early Access, and already a gem of a game.  Fully playable and highly enjoyable, with one of the most responsive and competent developers I've seen in a long time."
,Recommended,244030,18720597,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,DarkHuD,"In space, no one can hear you scream.. obscenities when you've spent 10 minutes getting something just right, only to screw up and send some parts flying."
,Recommended,244030,19245671,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Jackal,"Really like this game but feel it will stall. Without a ""threat"" besides a lack of oxygen it quickly becomes mundane. Playing with friends is fun unless you get stuck with the light space suit and only 20 min of oxygen..kinda limits long term excursions on foot."
,Not Recommended,244030,31708501,Posted: 12 May,all,Landy,Buggy game that was never fixed. Steer away.
,Recommended,244030,21103533,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,H | -ave- | S,Be.  Really. Patient. This Game is WIP
76561198108466761,Not Recommended,244030,29590225,Posted: 30 January,all,Wilky926,Game wont even run.  Crashes on launch every time and my computer more than meets the reccomended specs.On googling the issue it seems to be a common occurence and after trying a few of the work arounds i gave up and just requested a refund.
,Recommended,244030,11631289,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Vautour,Do you want to drive a rover on Mars? There you go!
76561197970433469,Recommended,244030,8929417,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,HB,Best game I've played in years.Havent had this much fun since Oblivion
,Recommended,244030,9776669,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,DobbyX,"When this game first came out:I stayed awake for 35 hours playing this game for 16 hours straight, to drive a rover with 2 busted wheels about 2km, to scan a special rock.I then found out that my Alpha Particle X-ray Spectrometer was broken. (it only had a placeholder scan anyway)I promptly ragequit and went to bed.I haven't touched it since.I am sure it is fine now. Landers *probably* won't do a Mars Climate Orbiter/Beagle 2 on you anymore."
,Recommended,244030,11493841,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,krank23,"I don't even have the words to describe how much I like this game...Or, you know, ""game"". Not sure if the word applies, but I'm going to use it anyway.Here's what you do: Send stuff to mars. On mars, you control stuff like the wheels on rovers, various cameras and scientific equipment etc. Everything is very slow-paced. You have specific missions that tell you to photograph certain features, test the atmosphere at a specific locations, etc. There are no enemies. There is very little challenge... Except it reuires a very specific type of mind to enjoy spending half an hour driving a tiny rover a few hundre meters of more or less featureless desert to take a few photographs, maybe a soil sample, then move on.Lately, more challenges have been added, which I really like. The tech tree wasn't there when I first began playing, and I enjoy trying to figure out what to research next in order to unlock the next batch of missions. It also feels like money is a bit tighter, which means a bit of budgeting and making sure you don't overextend. The vehicles run out of juice earlier as well, which means there's some challenge in trying to get as much use from each rover as possible, completing several missions before it gives up.Another kind of challenging thing is how easily things break. I've completed several missions with rovers that are missing two or more wheels (using well-known workarounds such as driving backwards)...The graphics are top notch aside from a few quirks (sometimes rocks still hover slightly above the landscape...)All in all an incredibly rewarding experience to the patient-minded who want a break from pvp and rts and fps..."
,Recommended,244030,9874107,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,sushi09,"I'd say wait until Take on mars is fully released before puchasing, the game looks great and I hope to see the mars base become very in depth. For the time being I will stick with KSP."
,Recommended,244030,11423118,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,FractalElement,"It's indeed a very fun gun. But, it's not for those who are not patient. This game is very slow paced game, but very realistic with end end graphics and models. This game is currently in ALPHA. And it'll be awhile before it's released for Beta."
76561198010816118,Recommended,244030,29027065,Posted: 4 January,all,DahBakon,"This game is bugged, Simply put it's massivly bugged at the moment. To get through six missions of the manned campaign i had to restard three times and reload after a game breaking bug twice. Stuck on that sixth mission cause i can't climb ladders. Having said that i love how tech and science it is. It's very honestly a good game7/10 would die because my space suit is under my tent again"
,Not Recommended,244030,35411572,Posted: 2 October,all,Puma,"The Silent Killer: or how I stopped worrying and love the free chemotherapy.So the game has been out for a while now, and it's been 6 months since last update, so I'm considering this the final form of the game.If you go outside the lander hab you are exposed to radiation. This radiation will eventually build up and kill you. The only way to avoid it is to not go outside the lander. Apart from the radiation it is almost impossible to die in the game. Potatoes grow in 5 minutes, giving you infinite food. And water is abundant in the top soil, and you only need to go out for a couple of minutes to get it.Not sure what this game was going for, but if it was ""Radiation Poisoning Simulator 2017"", then they did a fairly decent job, I have never been so sick and tired of radiation in a video game. Not 25€ worth of job tho. I even regret paying 10€ for this mess. I could pay 2€ for a radiation poisoning simulator. There are no goals, no objectives, no tasks, nothing to work towards. There is no progression, other than the inevitable progression towards death by radiation.So in summary, don't go outside other than to get more water, don't collect mineral samples, don't analyze said samples, don't build anything, and maybe you won't die of radiation. And the easiest way to avoid doing all those thing is to uninstall. Bye."
76561198054350781,Recommended,244030,11916094,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,MickMan,"T.O.M would have to be one of the most intelligent games Steam has to offer.. the Experience itself is jaw droppingly brilliant from its rich photorealistic graphics to the diversity of missions & new multiplayer makes it even more appealing. It takes some geting used to the Rover controls and getting around in general as this is not your typical ""game"" but a realistic impression on heading a mission to Mars..   Strap in & get ready for one awesome experience that is not only a sim.. but a learning experience in all things related to previous missions to the Red Planet.."
76561198068476294,Not Recommended,244030,34652769,Posted: 31 August,all,Samurai Simuman,"Great premise and lots of things to do with good mechanics.  Either bad engine selection or bad optimisation spoil this game as after about 3 hours game play it degraded to 7 FPS making it unplayable on a I7 3770k 16G RAM with GTX970 4G.  This game is definitely not worth the $35 dollar price tag as it is.  This is a shame as this game has had a lot of thought gone into it with good mechanic's and good story mode with lots of content to play with, it's just that you can't due to the performance."
76561198022347120,Not Recommended,244030,32008040,Posted: 27 May,all,Man With An Accent,"I purchased this game January 2016 and it crashed multiple times. I gave up trying to play it and forgot about it and moved on to other things. Today, end of May 2017 and nothing seems to have changed. I tried playing it this morning and after 15 minutes I fell through the world. I tried again and after 30 minutes the lift in the lander killed me as it moved down and my character didn't. This happened again 15 minutes later.This game needs serious attention. Game breaking bugs like these are disrespectful to people who paid good money for a game. I understand it's pre Alpha, and I expect a few bugs in these kind of purchases, but this game is completely unplayable and has been for over 18 months. Bugs are also random as all Hell and updates for this game are few and far between.I'm not sure, but I think the developers have grown tired of the game and now can't be bothered with it. They seem to be adding the occational update, but the same bugs that were there 18 months ago are still there.All this is a shame. I like playing this game. Sadly I cannot recomend anyone to buy this in its current state. I fear this game will never get fixed.My advice it to Stay Away and NOT spend your money here."
,Recommended,244030,29348638,Posted: 18 January,all,Merlin,"This Sim has everything you would expect of a triple a game. it has survival, building, and great asthetics. i give it a 4/5. would give it a 5 out of 5 if it had a way to set up a dedicated multiplayer server that could run 24/7.Update: Problems with Airlock doors not functioning properly for clients makes multiplayer completely useless so droping the rating to 3/5 until it gets fixed."
,Recommended,244030,18364908,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Lord Pally,"This is a GREAT game, as long as they keep updating and fixing the few gliches that show here and there.   I love the idea of being able to build my own base in the design I like.  I still and learning the ends and outs of the game, but everytime I load it up I find myself losing hours in a the day as I try and get more and more done each time.  I really can not compair it to anything but if you like space games, and building games, this may be something you will enjoy.  Major props to the design team, and I do hope you don't just dump it for something new, cause you have a gem here.."
76561198060686044,Recommended,244030,25240721,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,sponskater,"Fun game with lots of science. Kind of buggy, but worth it."
76561197998045407,Recommended,244030,15705488,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Helmseye,I am so pleased I purchased this game. So far I have only played in career mode and not the scenarios. But I really love this game. It really makes me feel like I am a true explorer. And dont be fooled its not only Mars you get to Explore!!If you like Kerbal space programme you will love this game
,Recommended,244030,19728183,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,PartyFruit,I've spent 5hrs so far taking nothing but pictures on Mars! My dream has come true!
,Not Recommended,244030,29932248,Posted: 14 February,all,royall.,"They've released an unfinished mess. Even if you manage to get it on sale for $1, it's not even worth the time to install."
76561198019535806,Not Recommended,244030,29921290,Posted: 14 February,all,Caribcanuk,"Well I was honestly hoping for them to fix the multitude of existing bugs before even considering a full release . Boy was I wrong , they went straight from bug ridden alpha to full release. That leads me to assume they gonna stop any and all development and move on. Sad as they game had potentiall but needed  the bugs fixed. Simple things like no rocket sounds on desent in landing in mp, tripping on a rock and flying 100 metre to your death, these have been around for far far too long and still not addressed. So many small bugs it hard to list them on the list goes on and on. Sad that they decided to push it to full release in its current state does not bode well for this game.Best part is does not matter what mp you choose coop or competive the landing craft nasa sends you down in is not radiation proteced. As if NASA would really be that stupid to send an astronaunt to mars and not shield his landing vehicle . Why even send us there to let us die before even leaving or landing craft makes really good sense way to go NASA.Hard to believe but it gets worse , major solar events every few minutes making it impossible to survive due to the total lack of any kind of radiation shielding provided . like really NASA would send ppl to mars knowing full well they would die of radtion exposure on day one HMMMMM something up with that.Not to mantion your astronaut is a total clumsey fool. falling and tripping over the slighest obstacle or even when brushing walls, would NASA really send a person to mars that uncoordinated, Thier a danger to themselves and everyone around. I get the feeling that somehow the research that went in the game was misguided or deliberately corrupted. In all honesty the game played better 6 months ago than it does now.Lets get real , true astronauts which  Nasa wold send to mars would be the best of the best , physically , mentally etc. They not gonna run out of breathe or have extreme heart rates after a few sec of exertion lol , they certainly not goona be majorly clumsy either  the current ingame representation is the exact opposite of who would be sent to mars. Unless of course you wanted a guarenteed failure of the mission.As an interesting side note appears certian member of the community have taken to using thier acess to Dram as a tool to attempt to silence the ppl they disaggree withOriginally posted by Caribcanuk:Reality is niether space x or nasa would ever send a person to mars knowing full well the instant they land they gonna recieve a lethal dose orf radition before even leaving the capsule. Who would send ppl to mars knowing full well the instant they land they dead in hours from radiation poisioning. The capsule has nothing that is in anyway effective , the coop capsule has shielding but the competive , thats a death sentance fisrt storm your radiated to the read level not the orange the RED , You stand outside or in the capsule you get the exact same dose , A buddy and myself tested it i , makes no difference inside or outside same dose . So IF it is shielded then its clearly broken. Oh and BTW Dram basically accused him of pirating as well wjich i find quite appalling for any developer to do completely unproffessional, considering that the op may of bought then refunded, clearly you two are presuming thier guilty with no proof.I've REPORTED *OH NO!!!!* your concern about the shielding being too low to Dram.Apperntly broken or non existant shielding  on lanfding capsules in competitive is not an issue for Dram and not important. Guess game breaking bugs are too low on his list."
,Not Recommended,244030,30068144,Posted: 20 February,all,Pets-Many-Birds,Nothing like having your $1000k+ medium rover go through the surface of Mars... SAVE OFTEN! The Space Program mode doesn't do it for you.
76561198001451258,Not Recommended,244030,30856580,Posted: 31 March,all,dreadLordie,Patience may reward on what is a really interesting premise for us sci-fi lovers but quirky gameplay mechanics and bugs may put alot of people off. It did for me and my boy wanting some cool basebuilding MP but ending up in crashes and quirky gameplay.
76561198075264532,Not Recommended,244030,31014282,Posted: 8 April,all,Daxarus,Optimalization where are you?
,Not Recommended,244030,29885552,Posted: 12 February,all,LTL King,"Bohemia has just stated the game is complete. They will continue to support for bugs but no new content will be added.Currently there are 2 campagin modes.You can go unmanned in which you have a budget and need to research items to unlock lnaders rovers and other more advanced items. If you do not unlock the correct items in the the correct order. You could run out of money and not be able to launch anything to gather more.At 1st all you can do is launch a probe with a camera. As you upgrade and complete more missions. You can build rovers landers. Take soil air rock samples tempatures and everything like real space agencies.Huge con:The 2nd campaign is manned mission. Which is the down side. It feels more like a demo vesion.You have crash landed and must get back to earth. There are objectives to complete. When you complete those (Don't mess around. You have limited air food and water.) You go into a cutscene to the next scenareo.There are 8 (I think 8) scenarios that you can play. They are sort of mini missions that will take you about 20 minutes to 1 hour to complete each 1.Will help you get used to the game.The manned mission willl last you about 2-5 days of playing. Depending on how fast you find the items and how much you play. SAVE OFTENPRO:Mods but also a con.You have to install a mod to get empty land to build your own base as big as you want.Multiplayer. Build a base with your friends however there are a few bugs here and there ""Bohemia is aware there are bugs in the multiplayer""WAIT TILL UNDER $15 It gets boring fairly quick."
,Not Recommended,244030,17601946,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,ENAK,"I wanted to love this game/simulation so very much, but unfortunatelly, this has been stuck in endless Early Access for far too long. Initially, the development team seems to have been taking their sweet time doing tiny updates to this title. After a year or so wasted, the development did pick up. However, lately, it's back into constant-postpone mode. The release date is actually no longer even specified and just says ""at some point in 2015"", even though not that long ago it was set to ""june 2015"".The game itself is quite fun and relaxing, you explore the surface of Mars, using vaguely realistic and progresively more modern technology. Over the course of development, other bodies were added and a manned program is now also available as a ""cherry on top"".However, bugs are a plenty, and the neverending development hell is what makes this not recomended to anyone, but the biggest fan. Once it's released and fixed up, it'll be an excellent title, worth the recomendation, however, in it's current state, such release is no longer even guaranteed."
76561197998640084,Not Recommended,244030,29814255,Posted: 9 February,all,Asimar,"This game could be good if ......error .... game crash! OK restart and reload the save .....error....game crash! Ok now new game take item .....error.... game crash !So if anybody could play this game more than 2 min at time,I would really like to know if it's good or not !Don't waste your time and money with the this game for now."
,Not Recommended,244030,13339496,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Aoi_Waffle,"If you enjoy Kerbal Space program and expect same thing to this, DON'T buy it.Graphic and sound is best, but things you can is just seeing probe's landing and other small things.There is completely NO joy of building probes and moving it around like KSP.I say again graphic and sound is impressive. this is true, but I enjoyed this game for first 10-20 mins.I wasted money."
,Recommended,244030,14741259,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,madsox11,"Fun but needs more game dynamics.  larger maps, better terrain, and more enticing space travel aspects would be more fun than the limited husk it is now. they have a surprising amount of cool things going on in this game already. I cannot wait to see what happens next."
76561198182865091,Recommended,244030,14748695,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,zachmatthews20,"love it, cant wait for next update :-D"
76561198096783857,Recommended,244030,14848116,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Super Cat Elvis,It is so fun
,Recommended,244030,14882329,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,SirSleepless,even though it is still in very early alpha it's very fun
76561198040493498,Not Recommended,244030,15767312,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,❤Serath❤,"my new review out of early access, its not good the updates are slow going, being there are so meny bugs the movemint is poor and so on, other than it i still think it has a chance it looks perfect the physics are epic. im so just wish thay would get ontop of optimization. at the momint i can't recomend it but your wellcome to try it out but be warned it may be buggy in afew places. my notion is wate it out alittle bit more. thay will get there.otherstuff new players may want to know it has cool resources collecting, very epic vehiclesyou can grow so much potatos. the workshop comes out with some good stuff. it can be very nice just relaxing playing it.And when you play as mission command you can set it so time flows in sync with real life time. so you can realy feal  immersed in a rover/probe science mars exploration. all the pictures as you can see are what it is like in game."
76561198110316282,Recommended,244030,12263112,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Pollen,"So far I love this game. I hope the community and the devs can make this more epic. I love the mood the ""game"" gives you.To Devs: Please fix the animation loop in the rover. Kind of annoying to be completely honest. Make the Printer removable. (Or at least destroyable so if you make a second printer you can choose to destroy the first one or if you would like to keep it where it is)I recommend this ""Game"" to everybody interested in Space Games."
76561197961033346,Recommended,244030,11434968,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Najzero,"Definitely a Work In Progress. Steep learning curve because most of the tutorials aren't done. SAVE FREQUENTLY. The Tech Tree is frustrating in that none of the components are explained well enough for you to know where the components will go and what other components are required for them to function (I guess if you build these IRL you might know already), so you end up spending huge chunks of your budget only to find out you've researched the wrong techs. *Thus ends the negatives*This will be a great Sim once it's completed! In the same vein as Kerbal, only the Realistic Time setting makes it as life-like as possible. Going to be another great Sim from Bohemia."
,Recommended,244030,10870097,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Selitha,This is an awesome game if you are at all into space exploration and science. Its extreamly atmosphereic and really great if you need a game to chill out to. I will say though that there can be long stretches of time where you are doing nothing but holding down that w button if you are trying to be as effciant and use a rover for more that one set of missions. Still I love it a lot and its cool to wander around a planet entirly enhabited by robots. That is untill you put people on it!
76561197970853534,Recommended,244030,11375431,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,apoktaino,"reminds me of early kerbal, LOTS of potential."
76561198021267227,Not Recommended,244030,29881772,Posted: 12 February,all,IntruderPL,Just like other Bohemia Interactive products - the game is extremely buggy. Mostly in movement mechanics. That usually causes strange behavior and death of a character :(Other gameplay things are very cool and challenging butMultiplayer sandbox lacks any goals (like scientific exploration research). So once players establish a prosperous base there is nothing to. That makes further gameplay boring - both in singleplayer and multiplayer modes.Furthermore - the game has critical bugs in multiplayer mode that would stop you from further progress.
76561198160452181,Recommended,244030,18413807,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,EverNow,Been in early access for 2 years... Besides that i am gonna say the pros and cons.Pros:-Realistic atmosphere-VERY realistic building-Modding is really simple.Cons:-Map is very tiny. Adventure will be limited.-Building is a bit TOO realistic. And hard to learn-Its very buggy. I Accidently fell to hard(But wasen't expecting to die) and i glitched threw the floor and threw the map-UI is not really friendly.-You can't repair vehicles.-Goodluck building a huge base. It gets buggy very fast.Hopefully they will fix the problems and the glitches and bugs.
76561198052247208,Recommended,244030,35409891,Posted: 2 October,all,JoeSheridan,"I have this game for a long time now and i find that the devs have done a lot of work on it, BUT: Yes there is a lot of work to do for the future. I think it is nearly contenct complete, but there are still bugs to fix and multiplayer optimisations to do.This game IS playable, but it takes very very loooong time until you have constructed something. I have used the Manned features nearly all the time alone and it took me nearly 8 hours until i had build an airlock-chamber for my planned base. This time was needed to construct the 3D printer, more effective power generation and resource mining facility´s before i finale started with the basebuilding.When you are alone it is very lame in the first 2-3 hours, but then you have enough to do for yourselft alone and after 5-6 hours there is enough work for a second player it think.This are the times for a standard scenario, you can short this time extremely by using an custom scenario, but i have used the originals for the most time.This game isn´t something for everybody, but i think it is very nice for everybode who likes e.g. the film/book "" The Martian"".Here you have no gun fight´s or attacking animals like in the most other sci-fi games, the action in the competitions with other players in multiplayer is based on something like killing them with a truck or steal their resources out of their facilities. To win a competition with another base it could be enough to steal them their food and seeds. Or you can work together and build a giant base oder base-network on the crater map.Long story short: This gime is NOTHING for People who only wanna play a game for a couple of hours or who need action very fast after startig the game, but when you want to get a little feeling how it is to live on the mars, how there there could likely be build realistic colonies, then buy this game."
76561198015897236,Recommended,244030,12135105,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Maverick,I love it. it is lots o fun
,Recommended,244030,12449517,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,murdamurdakillkill,I love it alot!This game connected two thing that i love in video games.I am talking about SPACE and SANDBOX.Just imagine how you build and then controll your small badass rover.Seeking in sights of life6 discovering every rock! EPIC!!!
76561198088641583,Recommended,244030,26619364,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,x170doom,"now, i havent been playing for long at this point but i can tell you i enjoyed this to no end and its getting better all the timestill work to be done but plenty of content for new user to play (or crash) with, updates are slow an break stuff on implementation but still add tons of content, all in all good for a diehard realism fan who loves the idea of exploring space."
,Recommended,244030,15830133,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,MansonMonroe,"Really cool game! I like the graphics, and the survival.Only down side is that the game have not a auto-save, and that the games crashes when i have a building where i worked for 2 hours on it, and thats only happen in multiplayer.But still its a awesome game!8/10"
,Recommended,244030,28743073,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Jalaris,"I was off put by the reviews on this game for a long time, but maintained my interest.I saw the RC candidate update and I figured, why not now. Jumping in, holy crap this game has some depth.I'm thoroughly enjoying it. Can't wait for release influx of players and mods."
,Recommended,244030,28834147,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Blodsub,Great Game.
76561198045302046,Recommended,244030,29236031,Posted: 13 January,all,delerium76,"Played this game on a friends computer and had to buy it for myself, so that's why my time played is low.Summary:While this game does have it's bugs, and the physics system can be downright frustrating, this game is addictive and should be looked at by all survival game enthusiasts.  So far I'm loving it and with the modding and multiplayer features, especially the custom scenarios, it has alot of replayability potential.Long version:The campaign mode is broken up into two parts. The first half involves you sending unmanned probes and rovers to the mars surface to complete missions for money.  That money gets spent on purchasing new equipment to carry out those missions as well as the research required to build new devices.  You can customize the equipment you send to mars as well, and its possible to use the rovers to complete multiple missions if it is equipped properly.  To be honest, this part of the game bored me, and I didn't get past the first hour of dropping probes to map out different parts of mars.The second half of the campain mode is the manned storyline.  It includes voice acting (well done imho) and a cohesive storyline that parallels Andy Weir's ""The Martian.""  This part was fun and well paced.  It centered around a manned expedition to mars that goes completely wrong and you are left stranded.  You complete goals and gather supplies to survive and attempt to make it back home.  The final mission even gives you a 3d printer that you use to craft things with to complete some goals, and in my opinion, this is where the game was the most fun.  I encountered a few issues with the storyline getting stuck (cutscene transitions mostly), or goal completion not registering properly, but not often and nothing game breaking, and I'm sure those will get resolved by release.However, this game doesn't come without it's problems, as any game does.  The biggest problem is with the physics engine's collision detection.  Object seperation due to collision does not always resolve gracefully, and many times results in a violent seperation.  Too many times you will die from an object (or you) spazzing out trying to resolve a collision detection event resulting in your death, or objects will be sent flying off at great speeds.  Because of this, SAVE OFTEN as this game has no autosave function, and you could potentially lose hours worth of work to a buggy physics death.  As a developer, I realize that physics are important for realism, but sometimes there is a need to disable physics or fuse objects together for the sake of game stability.  For instance, grabbed items (in your hand) should not clip with the avatar, creating a ""surfing"" effect causing you to fly off into space.  Some of this might be fixable before release, but I imagine some of it might require some extensive changes to the core physics engine, thus we might be stuck with it.  Movement is slow which makes accomplishing tasks take longer than in most games, but that's part of the realism and completely intended, so I don't have a problem with it.The modding system seems pretty powerful and already there are some interesting mods in the steam workshop, including scenarios for you to play that have unique environments, goals, and starting supplies.  Fun survival vs environment mechanics that is a refreshing change from the constant stream of zombie survivals.Multiplayer:I've only played locally by myself on a LAN, so I can't really tell you much about net play.  From what I've read, it's buggy, but the devs are working on making it more stable.  It has two game modes, competitive and co-op, so that part is nice.Survival aspects:Resource gathering is done via powered machines that gather generic resources from the martian environment such as rock, dirt, and atmosphere.  These are then put into a refinery to be broken down into chemical compounds, as well as raw elements.  These resources are then used for crafting, vehicle fuel, and personal survival (oxygen and water).Crafting in this game uses a unique modular 3d printer system.  The 3d printer is capable of building most game objects, but larger objects need larger printers.  Upgrade to bigger printers by building the parts from the previous one and assembling the new one.  Habitats can be custom built through a modular part snapping system.  Crafting and resource gathering is fun, but after a while you might get sick of hauling tons of resource barrels around from place to place.  That's where mods help out (resource cables/digitized resource transport)Can't think of anything else, so if I missed something, feel free to comment."
,Recommended,244030,21917073,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,NICZZO20™,"Take On Mars is a great game, but with any game there are many problems with it. The idea and way the devs have done Take On Mars is great but has lacked unlike the main game of bohemia interactivewhich is ARMA 3, doesnt have many Issue like take on mars. here are some of my issue:-Cant play on a server for more than 2 minuets with out it crashing (i have tryed changeing all my settings but nothing happens)-Cant delet missions or saves without going thought the game files-Some mods are a death sentence for take on mars-The interaction with objects, players, ect (in some cases) dosent work at all.-No 64 Bit version of the game only 32Bit-If I move to fast the game will crash for no reasion (vsync issues maybe??)Here are the positives with Take On Mars:-Great for simulating what life would be like on Mars-Great mini Story/Missions with the rover Gameplay-Great information on mars that has been supported by many different space programs-With out the Bugs the game would be great and how cheap it is unlike ARMA3 it is great even in the AUS dolla (which is♥♥♥♥♥♥thanks to tony abbot <^_^>)otherwise the game is great worth a buy if you want it in is current statePS: i would wait till the end of this year of next year to get Take On Mars, Because it has a long way to go before it will close to a finish game"
,Recommended,244030,8866057,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,DaDrunkenVingman,"Do you like Kerbal Space Program? OF COURSE YOU DO, WHO DOSEN'T LIKE KERBAL SPACE PROGRAM!Basicly I will say that Take On Mars is almost like Kerbal Space Program, only that the game focuses on Landings and explorations of the surface on Mars. As a real nerd on space stuff I really enjoyed this game.You can re-live the Curosity landing, find an old russian probe, experience malfunction on probes and rovers.But since it's a early access game it got some limitations and because of that I'll give it a Early Rating on 6/10! Still a good and fun game to mess around in."
76561197966021094,Recommended,244030,28121115,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Freek,"> Had the game on wishlist for almost a year> Bought in sale> Was training for the Mars, got hot and heard strange breath> Saw my Avatar the first time, had to ignore> Travelled to Mars> Found myself stranded in an incomplete campaign> Played a scenario from workshop> Deeply impressed by the immersion on Mars> Just enjoying the atmosphere> After 20 min recognizing that seems to be all> ""Mars sightseeing sim, have ur travel booked today!""> Tried creating a good scenario on my own> Failed in the Editor due to missing options and functions> Kinda frustrated and sad> Writing a good review cause hoping the game is beeing finished!Its great. Dont get me wrong. The game lacks a huge amount of content and thats kinda frustrating. But if u wanna experience the great immersion beeing on Mars on your own...go! Only thing to remember, thats nearly all. Its like ""go and have a look, how it feels there"". There are some user scenarios which add additional experience. But they are all very simple. No long term motivation.I bought the game for beeing on Mars on my own and try to survive in these conditions. And i had 1-2 hours fun in the ""campaign"" (which suddenly ended after 20 minutes, BÄM, incomplete) and then tried some scenarios from the workshop. Nothing really motivating.Hope to find some energy to deal with the ""Editor"" and creating a nice ""Martian"" experience some day."
,Recommended,244030,13247846,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Atomsmasher5200,Sure
,Not Recommended,244030,30252292,Posted: 28 February,all,Grey_Seer,The game have many bugs and was out the door (released) to fast.
76561198129337617,Recommended,244030,18625035,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,reginald123456,this game is amzing it may not look lke it but if anyone hasnt got this yet get it worth every penny so realistic and the physics are like real life really recommended if you love space stuff like i do
,Not Recommended,244030,32000219,Posted: 27 May,all,FunnyGamer,"Performance problems and what I can describe most generously as ""springy"" physics keeps this game from reaching its potential. Save often, because your rover WILL explode and catapult into space because it rolled over a non-static entity wrong."
76561198083497075,Recommended,244030,18431920,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Le_Snail,I want VR support for this game.Please.
76561198261066527,Recommended,244030,25875621,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,aaron30uk (6 digit 2ndacount),this game is better single player than multiplayer please update single player add content but is a good game bugs need updates tho taking long time
76561198022962383,Not Recommended,244030,30860228,Posted: 31 March,all,sir_avenger,"The game has too many bugs and you die every few minutes (hidden collision or the game crash to desktop). The usability is the worst i have seen for a long time ..... a shame for this game, the potential was/is there."
76561198257656353,Not Recommended,244030,32197768,Posted: 5 June,all,kittyknight,"Positives bit first in all fairness it is a lot of fun to play both in robotic mode and in 'The Martian' mode. and with a high enough spec to run it everything is awesome... However there are still just a few to many issues with this game for me to be able to happily recommend it. Firstly no ""Fullscreen Windowed"" mode which the devs were promising back in 2013 looking at the forums.Biggest for me is an issue which thier own patch notes said was fixed which is an error on the mission window ""jittering"" when FPS drops below a certain amount. However it isnt fixed at all, i was running a solid 50-60fps quite happily but as soon as I started building my base in the manned mission it started dropping, once it reached 30 fps the mission bar bugged out and as soon as that happened FPS plummeted to below 10 and the character started bobbing in time with the mission window which made the game completely unplayable.Tried every variety of settings known to man and beast to no avail and have now had to resign the game to uninstalled status"
76561198078585436,Not Recommended,244030,34076427,Posted: 7 August,all,Elder Paladin,"I've owned this game for a long time now, and honestly have seen vertually nothing from Bohemia in terms of updates and fixes. The game plays incredibly buggy, with a poor tutorial, so you are left wandering around spending hours figuring out what to do. I like the Mars theme and the simulation vibe it has, the atmopshere is amazing. But the game is so painfully broken, that I can't recommend it. Bohemia seems to care less about this game sadly."
,Not Recommended,244030,32194471,Posted: 5 June,all,ゆかり,"I have wasted 477 hours of my life on this thing.477 hours.I don't blame it for that. You could say a game's quality is measured by how many otherwise productive hours it can steal from you. Right and wrong on this one. A word for every fifteen minutes, shall we?Quick verdict: Excellent idea, rushed by the studio fairly wanting it to finally ship after five years in EA, after the developers fallen to the ruinous siren song of feature creep. If I bought this for its early access price of 14USD today, I'd dislike its lack of polish, and might refund it. At 27USD? Giddouttahere!Pros: The Mars terrains are really quite pretty, with the exception of Lyot Crater, which is nothing but repetitive dunes. The rovers look neat and are fully physically simulated in terms of joints, suspension, etc. and have lots of breakable things that can *and will* break if you don't avoid obstacles.Cons: Manned is janky. If you felt like a clumsy robot in an ArmA game? It's worse here. That clumsy robot is hamfisted into an engine originally for an RTS and is wearing a space suit in somewhat confined spaces. There's little in way of actual science, despite how the trailer keeps saying that. Construction is hard and unrewarding. No dedicated server support. Unmanned campaign feels neglected. Replayable help info replaced by videos that play only once that were, for some godforsaken reason, recorded while the game was in holiday mode with Christmas trees and lights everywhere.3/10, at this price point. 4 or 5 at the price I bought it. Do not recommend.In this link is the rest of the review. Read if you want, I guess. I'm gonna spoil everything, but you really won't missing out on much."
76561197970441728,Not Recommended,244030,25681483,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Jonas,"Fix this game . . .  Great Idea, make it work..."
,Not Recommended,244030,25537234,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,SΔLT LΔD,Game is completely broken the devs been working on it for years and almost nothing has been added
,Not Recommended,244030,29815295,Posted: 9 February,all,Rhoto,"I really wanted to like this game. I played early access, and had really high hopes for release.Reinstalled when I found out it was taken out of EA and released...Completed the introductory part where you have crashed on Mars. Managed to get into my tent and sleep.Next part, you're another character on the moon. I spent 20 fuggin' minutes trying to get the 2nd Methane tank connected to the Rover. No matter what direction or angle I came from, it absolutely would not give me the option to connect, only drop.This game is an absolute buggy piece of sh*t. Don't bother."
76561197988188501,Not Recommended,244030,10967898,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Taleric,The play is a little cluncky.  It is neat that the simulation can be so authentic the concern is that make it almost unplayable.  Skip unless you are a big-time simulation buff.
,Recommended,244030,3818489,"Posted: 6 September, 2013",all,█▀█ █▄█ ▀█▀,its mars dude
,Recommended,244030,11239574,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,lord of the rim,this game is amazing and really makes you feel like you are running a real space programhowever i do believe it is important to balande the difficulty late game as it gets very hard to gey funding later in the game
76561197972840341,Recommended,244030,605905,"Posted: 2 August, 2013",all,Astrospud,"As early in the piece as it is, I have to say this game has lots of potential. I say game, as much as Farm Simulator is a game as well. They pretty much share the same mantle of sandbox exploration and techincal process to achieve simple goals. No shooting anything but rocks, and expansive, visually sutunning landscapes to drink in.  If you're a fanboi of space exploration (the real kind, without the frickin' laser beams -  strike that. It DOES have laser beams) then this is pobably what you've been missing in your life. And BIS do some good games. The Arma series is still very popular, due to their encouragment of the modding community. And ToM is no exception. It's early access, so you can still have some input, and it's cheap. If you like Kerbal Space Program and looking to release your inner Planetary Scientist, then I recommend you pick up this title."
,Recommended,244030,7106536,"Posted: 7 August, 2013",all,ᴘ ᴇ ᴘ s ɪ  ᴍ ᴀ ɴ,Science!
,Recommended,244030,904851,"Posted: 7 August, 2013",all,Doc the Magic Llama,Beep Beep Space Stuff
,Recommended,244030,168885,"Posted: 4 August, 2013",all,NFMZ1,UAV Astronaut NFMZ1 reporting for duty!
,Recommended,244030,1448415,"Posted: 6 August, 2013",all,Groucho Marx,"Don't buy this just yet, the Arma devs still need to learn that driving a rover on Mars for 15 minutes in real time just to get to the next assignment isn't very fun."
,Recommended,244030,6006440,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,Joncondiff°,Great game definitely worth the $13Edit:hmm its $22 now well I would still buy it if its that price when its fully released. as for now wait     ffor a 10-30% sale(still want them to make some money)
76561197986370677,Recommended,244030,15731737,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Hyenaz,"This is a revised review, after many patches.The good:- Many diverse game modes. And I do mean very diverse.- Decent modding support and capabilities.- One of the few games that does give you that old ""hard-SF"" space vibe. Its a nerdy game abotu space, which feels very refreshign after 100s of ""flashy"" fiction games on the topiuc of space exploration.- A decent survival game with resource extracting and base building etc, somewhat minecraft-style, but more rigid and more serious.The bad:- The game's physics engine is rough around the edges. When it works its great (does  aphenomenal job of simulating very low gravity on the moon for example). But at times you find yourself tripping over a cable in earth or mars gravity and the physics engine glitches and sends you flying 10 meters into the sky. These sort of physics glitches are annoying.- Its a ""take it slow"" game, not everyone's cup of tea. This might appeal more to pleople who play simulator games than to those who prefer action games. Both the manned and unmanned parts of the game- Shady and inconsistent OS support, something I really need to complain about. When I purchased the game, the Bohemia Interactive site listed ""Windows XP / Windows 7 / Vista"" in the Reccomended settings.  Now on steam its just Windows 7 and Vista. XP support seems to have been silently dropped and I feel somewhat cheated, as I was not able to play the game for a long time until I upgraded my PC and got a new Windows.- Some of the textures look a bit dated, though it has to be said that nice lighting and post-processing does a great job at covering this up."
76561198028583837,Not Recommended,244030,11222095,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,brentallen,"first  is too restrictive.   we cant build vehicles from parts  we must use nasa methods   which extreemly limits the play diversitywhile the environment is very mars like   exploring or gathering science is also  scripted and repetitive.  mission ""press the button""  player  ""presses the button""     so the devs are micromanaging the players right now    so the game/simulation needs more freedom and diversity      if the player is interested in a specific rock formation  they can go look at it but game wise its pointless.they need to add mini rovers,    orbiters,   drones,   balloons   ground penetrating landers   and as many different experiments as they can think up       how about experiment that works in cooperation with other landers like 3D imagery  or  seismic experiment  where several craft place seismometers on the ground,, then another lander launches out  explosive probes  that land on the surface and detonate  and the landers collect the results?how about telescopes?   how about weather guages that actually work and tell us how fast the wind is movinghow about some ways for players to interact with systems  on board their craft possibly even improve or repair them  or  bypass damage  or adjust power levelshow about some experiments that can serve additional science    such as radio signals  being used to determine atmosphere depth or planet width simply by  the signal strength or drop out."
76561197970992430,Not Recommended,244030,15797472,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Xurx,"Just like all Bohemia games, it starts great but incomplete, with the promise of a great game down the road, and a few years down the road it's still the same game that might have been great but is still incomple and riddled with bugs."
,Recommended,244030,16913920,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,rudteko,i do like this game land the mars and build base station manythis game is bit buggy
,Recommended,244030,28545416,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,The_yoohoo_master,"The game has gotten alot better. Although after this last update it seems as if the game just crashes constantly. It has almost become unplayable. not sure what it is. I hated the gameplay when it was first released. Its has improved so much. I love the game when i work, still got somethings that need work but I enjoyed every minute of the game. So I'll wait until it's fixed and get back to playing it."
,Recommended,244030,28521187,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,crazyprsn,"As a Martian base building game in 1st person goes, it's really a lot of fun. I've spent some relaxing hours slowly building a base  on the surface of Mars. Now, what to do next? I don't know...Catch it on sale."
,Recommended,244030,11920470,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,MadReizka,"Has potential, the setting and goals are interesting.So far the game is falling short of it potential but the devs are working on it.Interesting to see how this will turn out."
76561198116786626,Recommended,244030,8537714,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Digital Dragoon,"Take on Mars: The Real Mars Simulator...Yes the first thing that comes to mind when I play Take on Mars is Gran Turismo. The game is very realistic and beautifully presented. However just like Gran Turismo it does get a little repetitive after a while.The game is very well made. It is highly informative and gives you a good sense of experience in controlling a unmanned mission to Mars.When I played it for the first time I found it difficult to understand. But after couple of hours of clicking to find the right screens I began to understand the idea of the game. This does make the main game difficult to play. There is a tutorial which you will need to read. Also researching technology in the game is not clear and difficult to understand. I hope in time that they will fix this. In the mean time you will need to explore the game itself as well as the planet Mars to understand how it works. If you do lose patients with the main game there are many single missions which will keep you occupied. They are all great fun and very informative. If you enjoy exploring then this is the game for you. You will visit actual locations on Mars, using actual scientific equipment to unlock the knowledge and mysteries of the big red planet.Depending on your graphics card the detail is amazing. When exploring Mars you do feel very alone on this vast world. The highly detailed graphics and sound effects create a atmosphere which leaves you very isolated in the game.The controls are awkward but I believe that was on purpose to add to the realism of controlling a remote control vehicle across space.I do recommend this game but you will need to be a little patient at times on how to play it. The game is still in it early stages and the potential for this game is vast. I am personally hoping they add sci-fi missions like a manned mission to Mars or first contact with martians. At time of this review being submitted the developers are currently very active in listening to the players and improving the game."
76561197976939633,Recommended,244030,7875354,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,MadMonkey,Another interesting sim from the Arma guys. Fairly realistic and a rarely-made concept... fun if you're a space exploration enthusiast.
,Recommended,244030,27230721,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,IncsyUK,"Love this game, the multiplayer is great is you can balance your food and water intake but the base building is something else. buy it if you dont already own it."
,Recommended,244030,10478563,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Stephanie13yo,"Bought this yesterday. Windows 8.1 Pro, AMD Quad core. Game Editor crashes suddenly and it takes minutes to get Windows to kill the process. Not a very nice feeling at all, though the game is in development, but no money should be taken from this kind of immature product! This game should be in free beta for testing.Cheers."
,Not Recommended,244030,31073672,Posted: 11 April,all,Crumpets,"Bought as early access, Had fun with the broken sandbox for a time. total garbage on completion though, rushed through and poorly implemented.Edit: I bought this at the early access price on a sale. I was still ripped off. Is definatly not worth the inflated price tag."
,Recommended,244030,28215297,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Aware-Lion,"Long way to go, but have had hours of realistic zen fun roaming with a rover and mapping the Martian surface. Looking forward to a stronger first-person player experience as the game continues to develop."
,Recommended,244030,17656016,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,SHADOWxWOLF,this game is amazing and is stunning to look at and is very fun to spend hours just messing around. but ther is alot of physics based problems like things getting stuck not working or if your playing a man mission the slightest jump and bump will kill you with in seconds. something that you think is not going to harm you insta kills you. just an fyi i have the physics settings cranked up to the max quaily they can go and all settings at max.
,Recommended,244030,21341065,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Dubs,"I got to be Matt Damon for a few hours, I floated in a space station, built machines on Mars. Sampled Moon rocks, tested machines on Earth, realise that I probably shouldn't go outside the station. Take off my helmet. Suicide."
,Recommended,244030,29145475,Posted: 9 January,all,Nearadyn,"Needs some tweaking, but overall, I'm very impressed with this simulator"
76561198144701180,Recommended,244030,29025643,Posted: 4 January,all,Pill Cosby,"It's a simulation. Look up that definition and you will know weather or not this is for you. I don''t understand what is taking so long in the dev process but it is still worth a buy. Also, the controls are... Well if you have played Arma then you know how these devs create controls..."
,Recommended,244030,29233218,Posted: 13 January,all,Ivan Best,"I just love the depth of it and how modable it is. Sure has its bugs, but hey. It's early access."
,Recommended,244030,7453949,"Posted: 22 October, 2013",all,coloster™,I love getting lost on Mars. A++
76561198148122099,Recommended,244030,21627448,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Ausername1234,"I love it. It gets a lot of hate for it's slow devlopment. You need a somewhat hefty PC to run it however, and it's not much fun without friends"
76561198072375543,Recommended,244030,28754122,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,norris_medina,Just try it you will be hooked.....
,Recommended,244030,14522323,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Morgan Freemans Voice,This is a cool game!
,Recommended,244030,15780366,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Endothlyne,"Planetary exploration sim for egg heads. For as long as I can remember I have had a fascination with earths red neighbour. Since a child I have watched and read all about the various probes and landers sent to Mars.  Heard all the stories, myths and theories surrounding that place. It won't be long now when we will see a real possibility of a human stepping onto mars for the first time even if it will be a one way trip.  Take on Mars has really surprised me. I was expecting some kind of open world Mars exploration game but oh it is so much, much more than that. So far I haven't even set foot on the place. I am playing the campaign which means I start my journey right at the beginning with simple probes and black / white pictures.In this mode you literally live through the history of exploration on Mars. Each successful mission earns you money which you can then plough into research to create more advanced exploration vehicles. As you advance it opens up ever more complex missions for your landers to complete. The lander camera view and the rugged Martian landscape really make you feel like you are in mission control.  There are a ton of other things you can do in Take on Mars including scenarios and multiplayer. For less than £10 this early release is a real diamond in the rough. Its fairly stable and very playable. The sounds and visuals that accompany you on your adventure add to the atmosphere.Take on Mars is not going to be for everybody. Its certainly not fast paced and the only action will come in the form of technical disasters or your astronaut suit running out of oxygen. For me though it gives me a chance to do something I will never experience. Its a wonderful journey about what has been, what is now and what is coming in the near future.I hope the developers keep putting their love into this title because if they do it will be a superb finished product."
76561198010062908,Recommended,244030,16967995,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Chap.Grimaldus,"First, if you don't want the occasional bug, wait until it gets out of early access. If you don't mind it and love space exploration, this game is for you. It is easy to just kill hours on your space program. Only bad things that I can say about this is Bohemia needs to FINISH THE TUTORIALS. Also if you make a mistake or two in planning you pretty much have to start over with your space program."
,Recommended,244030,17620882,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Cypren,"I am a huge space fan, i love the moon landing and the prospect of the mars landing, so i would highly recommend this to anyone who shares my love. However, it is still in beta so there are a few unfinished things. Unless you are really into space, or just wnat to check it out, i would vist this later on in the development when there is more content and a more bug free game. But otherwise its GREAT."
,Recommended,244030,24988301,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Catmints,the game feels very fluant but at the same time its feels very incomplete alot of what would be very fun things to do arnt in the game yet i also enjoyed how the game relates with real world science and theories about how humans would be effected by mars the prob missions were also very enjoyable to play
,Not Recommended,244030,29951336,Posted: 15 February,all,*Belcat*,"Very bad. very very bad. I once had a dog called scouter who had anal leagage problems. If I had a choice of cleaning up after scouter, or playing this game, I would cup my bare hands behind scouter and catch that warm runny mess.....Massive let down bohemia.....shame, shame, shame *rings bell*"
76561198128996981,Not Recommended,244030,35051577,Posted: 18 September,all,[=G@S=] Zè Tosta,Full of Bugs glitches sploits and more this is Bohemia...dont buy! but game is Very Good better was whitout these problems...
,Recommended,244030,16865982,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Silenttelecast,"This game is AWESOME, everyone needs to have it, honestly I think it should be more than 20$ atleast!!"
,Recommended,244030,24035917,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,TrevDevs,"I'm still not quite sure why this game has mixed reviews, it is amazing, people say its ""unplayable"" but i get great fps with lowered graphics obviously and I have a pretty bad laptop. This game is mostly realistic and is something i see myself spending alot of time in. The devs are not dead either they have been hard at work on a massive update I mean these are the guys who made arma so I can see this game growing a lot in the near future, to those who say don't waste your money on this, you may want to give it another shot ;)"
76561198033978732,Recommended,244030,25249313,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,MountainDan,"I have always been a fan of Bohemia Interactive, This game has a lot going for it.  If the devlopers put as much effort into this game as the developers of Arma 3 do then we would have possibly the best and most accurate space sim game ever.  I have so many things in my mind that i would love to see in this game, if only the developers were willing (or maybe even some good modders) please continue expanding this game and adding more content to it, id even pay good money for DLC's if they included planets and moons further out in our solar system if in good detail, heck even those gas planets would make for interesting game play..."
76561198085364707,Recommended,244030,11786299,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Drixxy,"This game is sweet though it is not for everyone, it would be alot better if it had aliens in it or something close to that"
76561198046813583,Recommended,244030,15722461,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,eric.mckee18,"So far have played several hours trying to get to small rovers, but I am learning thanks to others who have posted very helpful guides.  I am very glad I purchased this game and recommend that if you enjoy Kerbal Space Program or other games like it you will enjoy this game."
76561198110268059,Recommended,244030,18552138,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Murplesman,"I do like this game quite a bit, but it has some issues. It runs like molasses on my 2 year old computer. It has decent specs and can run quite a bit, but this game just overwhelms it. In terms of gameplay it is quite fun, and realistic, but also very slow. I know that real missions are quite long and arduous, but the game shouldn't be (in my opinion). Other than that, if you like space and have a pretty good computer you should check this out."
,Not Recommended,244030,29954882,Posted: 15 February,all,OMGchad,"This game has a lot going for it, I relly wanted to like this game but after spending 3 hours looking for some stupid suply drop that is somewhere on the moon I ragequit. There needs to be more waypoints added or something."
76561197971285241,Recommended,244030,17607381,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Meowmeow,"I wasn't expecting this game to be as fun as it was. Roving around Mars may sound fun for the first 30 minutes or so but the additional details they add to the game like building a field base or collecting data from areas of interest or visiting Deimos and the asteroid add a lot to the experience, 232 hour's worth in my case. I especially liked the space program and I think it has a lot of potential to be even better once Beta is finished. Even the scientifically accurate reports when completing tasks was fun to collect.Good game keep at it BI."
76561198236326044,Not Recommended,244030,33719009,Posted: 22 July,all,Amirsanders,"Dont buy this game; i actually think its great but ive wasted my money... Its just not stable; and the developers have no intention of fixing it.Your going to get wound up by the fact you bought this game; that you want to play it and you just cant.It crashes on load up; im told to remove addons though i have none. I just want my money back, this is a broken product and it shouldnt be sold on steam!"
,Not Recommended,244030,33797264,Posted: 25 July,all,TheMatrixMan,I really like this game but I downloaded it on a better computer so I could play it better only to find it not enjoyable because of how many bugs there were. Do not get untill a better update.
76561198003533593,Recommended,244030,27064172,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kuromu,"A survival on Mars?Waouh, simply amazing and the game is always updated.in fact there is two game in one, first you're playing as a command center and send probes and after rovers on  mars to explore. Mars is the first step, you can also explore asteroids or moon, I think.Relaxing game and really beautiful.second, you're playing as a human alone or not ( yes there is co-op or multi ), and try to survive on the red planet, construct your base, vehicules, mining, foring, analysing stuff, and try to make foods and water on this friendly planet.just awesome!"
76561198012181142,Not Recommended,244030,35223899,Posted: 26 September,all,[82DK] Hexagoner,"I've had this for years and it's basically the same thing... Unoptimized and abandoned. Don't waste your money, not even on sale."
,Recommended,244030,15982979,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Camomanef,"Exellent game overall. On one hand, in singleplayer, you get an in-depth space program managment sim and rover sim in singleplayer.On the other you get an almost completly different but epic multiplayer where you build your base and strugle to survive on the Moon or Mars.Exellent combo and is extremly fun to play alone or with friends.Oh, and the game uses a different, better optimized engine than Arma 3, so you'll be getting better framerates!"
76561198138113866,Recommended,244030,33363354,Posted: 7 July,all,SkitzoJedi,"Really fun game. Kinda time consuming if you are solo playing, but I found it quite fun still. I liked the manned story, but I did draw it out quite a bit trying to coldest ALL the items/crates and exploring a bit. I could see getting through the very short story pretty quickly, which is quite short for a game out of early access. I'd like to see a couple more compaigns: maybe some follow-on missions of future crews to Mars that have other objectives.You can build some really interesting structures on Mars. Just a lot of grinding: airlock, mine, build, kine, airlock, eat, airlock, suns down, back in the airlock, sleep.There are one pretty amazing mods which are easily supported in game bh steam workshop.I could see some people getting quite bored though. Another review I read said, ""simulation first, and a game second,"" which I do feel to be quite true. I do recommend this game."
76561198163254630,Recommended,244030,33353573,Posted: 7 July,all,Shuttleman27,"this game is awesome. its fun... as you can see by my hours on record above. it is glitchy though. you run by your machiness to get from a refinery to your base. as your running your heart rate goes up. you are running because you are low on oxygen and your suit is going bee boo(high pitched) bee boo, bee boo to say hey, get to a suit holder and put the suit on it to refill it and be in a pressurized environment. all of a sudden 3/4 through the machines, weaving and winding around them, you trip and boom. your dead. you can fix that with the tripping fix mod or by having a quick clear path from one extreme end to your base or put your machines in a kine and your base in the middle. your screen will start shaking violently when you run and have too many CABLES. machines dont count here. just cables off the spool. also, never pressurize your base to 1ATM. the airlock will kill you. you will suffocate and die. guaranteed, or no money back. running with a barrel in hand and jumping can put the barrel underneath your feet and your guy will attempt to put it where he is looking, most likely pushing itn forward and up underneath your feet. you go flying. all of those are avoidable and fixable. for the shaking, use fewer cables or download a wireless power mod. never run and jump with a barrel in hand, and put your base in a spot quick and easy to reach in relation toy your machines. also, F puts you in free-cam mode and it stops the shaking until it comes back, then do it again."
,Not Recommended,244030,34812050,Posted: 8 September,all,Rebecca Lovegood,Disappointingly buggy and glitchy.
76561198088341981,Not Recommended,244030,31083378,Posted: 11 April,all,Bedrik Bradberd,Wayyy too buggy. I only play it for the bugs
76561198014043568,Not Recommended,244030,30662126,Posted: 21 March,all,Lwood262,"First off let me state that I'm not the type of person to say ""I told you so"".But during this game's time in EA I kept stressing the fact that Bohemia Interactive missed several deadlines that they themselves assigned; even making afew postson the Discussions board and leaving afew commentsto warn people about what to expect. The responses I'd receive were in the field of, ""It's Alpha just wait it'll be great!""Well now after several delays we're here and out of EA and while this game is an interesting concept it handles like hot garbage. Bugs bugs and more bugs. The controls are awful and getting anything built of worth is a slog through sticky muck.I enjoyed the concept of the single player campaign/story they added (ignoring that it mirrored the Martian almost completely, cause original story design is hard), but my enjoyment was hard fought after dying when I tried to lay down in the Poptent my first night, dying when I sat down in the Cargo Truck, dying when a canister I dropped into a cargo box ricocheted and slammed into my head (that was pretty funny despite the auto save being almost an hour old), and the worst of them all, me eating one of the ration packs erasing the progress I had on a previously completed objective making it impossible for me to actually finish the story. (Why the objectives don’t lock upon completion is anyone’s guess)On the subject of Multiplayer, why in the world does this game lack the ability to host Dedicated Servers? The Peer-2-Peer that they have in place now is god awful. I guess I can hope that eventually they’ll address this issue and release dedicated server files, but I’m not expecting much.So to wrap this up after all the delays and all the “It’ll be great” fan service what we’re left with is a game that feels unfinished and an overall sense that BI didn’t have the time to sit down and actually test their game from a playability standpoint. I’d say avoid at all costs unless it’s on sale for $5 and you really enjoy the concept of space games, even if this one explicitly does a bad job at most everything."
76561198052646088,Not Recommended,244030,25554970,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,MJY,"right now i tried to play man mission and its a real pain to get started, tried to play this again and its not worth all my frustration of dying every 2 sec trying to find stuff to get started, screw it , not better after a year its going in the garbage bin. needs a lot more fixing,etc and i crash like 5 times in 1/2 hr, never used to crash the first time i tried it , oh well....taking a trip back to earth"
,Not Recommended,244030,29547967,Posted: 28 January,all,KROBE,GREAT single player game... total crap in multiplayer  .. peer to peer hosting  laggs  glitches  errors
,Recommended,244030,18541733,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Joe Pesci,The Martian simulator 2015 10/10 would get stranded again
76561198162407924,Recommended,244030,34152664,Posted: 10 August,all,killer_Foxy,"Best Mars simulator i have found yet, it is realistic and endless things to do. i have over 300 hours and i feel im just beginning it is 100% worth the money only problem is... i havent found any problems :D"
,Recommended,244030,21514319,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,§rgtphil,This game has been through a lot over the past few years but now i can say with my hand on my mouse :P its worth every pennie 9/10.But be warned this game is more than a challenge its a ♥♥♥♥ing mission and after and hour or so you are going to be begging for Matt Damon to save you.
,Not Recommended,244030,21059525,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Mort,"This game is a few months from its final release and yet it still feels like it's in early alpha. There are a ton of bugs and the game doesn't seem to run smoothly at all. Everything is tedious to do, even exiting the initial lander vehicle is difficult and you will most likely get stuck in the elevator or float in the air the first 3 or 4 times you try to leave.This game has a lot of potential, but it seems to be very far from fulfilling that potential. Instead it feels like a very primitive sandbox in which you can only move with the speed of a crippled 80 year old man who lost his crutches.I wouldn't recommend this game, at least not for the next 12 months."
76561198005217413,Not Recommended,244030,31473913,Posted: 30 April,all,Zano,Bought this when it was in early access. It didn't turn out well.
,Recommended,244030,2754504,"Posted: 1 August, 2013",all,Emperor Lrrr (◣◢)┌∩┐,"This makes you feel like you are a rover on mars. It has very good filters to emulate the experience, and nice environment effects. This isn’t for the type of person that wants to play COD, however if you like to just chill for some time it is a good game."
,Recommended,244030,14479603,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,YungLucas - University,10/10 Would kill oneself again.
76561197979219617,Recommended,244030,10139683,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,#Massix#,"If you are looking for a fast game, avoid this one at all costs! It's really slow, constructing a base for examle takes forever."
,Recommended,244030,8469109,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,hi,yeah i like it
,Recommended,244030,9748864,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,JamesO,amazing
,Recommended,244030,8859850,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Eric Kerensky,kool game cant wait for the release
76561198020964942,Recommended,244030,8914530,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Josh Adamik,Only if your a fan of space and or Mars. It is a slow pase game that takes time to figure out and hard to come back to.
76561198151542325,Recommended,244030,26724712,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Willy,"I Really like the game which on it's own really does not tell all that much. But the way it feels and even more what it can become is just great. But there it is... What it CAN become. Right now for my taste the building part has not been developed enough to be statisfying.What you can build is awesome but then it would be nice if it actually worked well... for example I spend the last four hours mapping out and building a base only too tear it all down again because it snapped wrong in place and it could not be finished since it was not airtight... which when you have your entire HUD filled with ""LEAK"" is something easilly missed.What also is a downsite for me is the fact that i have been killed more often by my building then by mars itself, try to take a step up the ladder and be stuck. use shift to run you suddenly become the flash and slam so hard in the wall your entire suit is torn too pieces.Building items that suddenly decide you are the badguy and shoot towards you like being fired from a catapult are also not that uncommen for me.And yet... I Reccomend this game and this is why:It is a challenge but one in one of the most beautifull and stunning enviroments I have ever seen with this amount of freedom. You can do as you like (within certain boundries) but it remains realistic. It is slow moving but it has a beauty to that as well... and no matter how frustrating it sometimes might be it is one hell of a feeling to be racing a scout buggy across the desserts of mars with your home made base sitting there amongst nothing.... a beautifull and creepy thing to behold and see.If you want a simple survival game you should pass... but for a game that is in my opinion unique and visually stunning however with still a way to go and you are up for a challange.... You will not regret it."
76561198087131087,Recommended,244030,21028079,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Munch042,Awesome game i have played it for 8.2 hours and i love it i can't wait to play with my friends
,Recommended,244030,21159673,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,bookishg,i like this game andits good but one thing missing how do i get thejetpack
,Recommended,244030,21213482,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,chris45724,"It is a grate game! It is also buggy at times, but i do things that are going to be buggy anyways so... yeah. good game."
,Recommended,244030,23011571,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Gormaul,The devs are back with a vengeance! TWO patches in ONE month? HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,244030,17430243,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,speic,take on Mars good to play in solo and in Muitplay but in muitplay the lag is very bad hope this get fix and they get a server verion of this game for muitplay. so far all the ppl I play with are very helpful and fun to play.
76561198167595391,Recommended,244030,17572724,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Enderborn,"A wonderful game to some people, boring to others. If you're interested in realistic martian exploration than this is for you.The only cons I have is that the single player starts of slowly and not that many people play Multi any more. 4 star."
,Recommended,244030,9543631,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,wobbler,"Can't fault this game in any way really.It does exactly what it says on the tin and more besides.With the manned mission coming, it shows nothing but bigger and better things on the horizon.And the best thing of all is that I can honestly say this has been the best experience of early access development I have encountered ever.Mostly it's just an occasional update. Sometimes it's a game released as a tech demo and then the devs vanish with your cash. Other times they release a couple of tiny updates that do nothing much, then call the game finished.These guys have been incredible, with a huge amount of updates, constant feedback on the forums, both here and the bohemia forums.I have even had them add me as a friend, ask for my input personally, and seen my suggestions added within a day.I have had them reply to a problem I was having, email my save file to one of them (Dram, he is just the best, seriously, great developer for early access, he is into helping the community all the time), and had a patch released that fixes a problem that only I was having. He did that within 2 hours of me posting the topic on the steam forum.As for the game. If you have any interest in this kind of thing, then this is for you. It does exactly what you would expect, and it does it in such a way as to make you feel like you work for NASA, without having to learn all about rocket science and such to do so.This alongside kerbal space program show exactly how this kind of game is great for early access, when they have the right developer.I can't fault this game at all.The only thing is that I am itching for release now, to see how the finished product turns out. But with all the new things they keep announcing, it looks likely to be in early access for a while.But seeing as the early access experience here has been almost as enjoyable as the game itself, I don't see that as a terrible thing. I have been made to feel important, an integral part of the evolution of the game, right from the start. And their enthusiasm hasn't waned at all.Buy it, buy it now, even if just to support early access done right."
76561197993396174,Recommended,244030,20045821,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Oskirrii,"I really can't get enough of this game.  Dram and BI are doing an excellent job crushing bugs and getting some amazing open-world feeling with tons of technically corrrect modules and research and exploration options.  I can't wait to plan a mission from Earth to Mars, and then launch from mars to some other destination.  Really amazing graphics and I love the terrain 9x9km blocks taken from HiRISE data.  Despite some crashes initially, it seems to run well enough now, and the homicidal elevator (elevator?!?) in the massive 4 story capsule being the only thing relegating the game to science fiction status.  The flying vehicle and helo need to be mods since there's no way those would ever be on the surface.  Everything else is pretty much science fact = Recommended!"
,Recommended,244030,26222949,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Jebediah Kerman(number 224),"I still think there is a possibility that TKOM is going to be realeased this year sure its been in early access for a while but i dont mind that, its a pretty fun game but thats just my opinion but hey at least there not stoping the updates so yeah"
76561198366250948,Not Recommended,244030,29956045,Posted: 15 February,all,451,its a great game but ive had crapy downloading luck. i can only run the developers mode and thats it. ive re installed er 4 5 times and cant seem to get it running properly.
,Not Recommended,244030,12031000,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,MrChips,"The latest update has completely and utterly broken this game, and the developer seems to be more interested in adding stuff instead of getting what already exists to work properly.  Previous versions worked (rather well, I might add).  Here's the rundown of what's going wrong:First of all, the career mode is an exercise in tedium and in no way reflects how the exploration of Mars actually played out.  Technologies are far too expensive, requiring players to repeat the same mission type (probe exploration; basically dropping a camera-equipped dumbell onto the surface) to get your first meagre stream of ""revenue"".  While you start with a fair bit of cash, you burn through it quickly researching the technologies needed to build your first small lander.  The only problem with your first lander is that many of the ""major goals"" involve taking photographs in multiple directions; something your small lander is categorically incapable of doing, even if you research the technologies needed for the camera mast (the component needed to take panoramic shots).Secondly, the method of controlling various instruments, and in fact the whole keymap for TKOM, appears to be based in fallacy; nothing works at all!  I can't get robotic arms to do anything, and I am unable to switch what the primary and secondary controls actually control anything other than the retro thrusters.  Trying to edit the keymap just ends in frustration too - it won't let you add controls that are assigned to other functions, even if those other functions are not active or even possible.  You can't, for example, delete the thruster controls in Lander mode and re-map them to the same key because the game warns you that the control is shared with the movement keys for Human mode - YES I KNOW THEY'RE THE SAME CONTROL BUT THERE ISN'T A HUMAN ANYWHERE NEAR MARS, AND AT THE RATE WE'RE GOING, THERE WON'T EVER BE ONE EITHER!  And don't even get me started on joystick support - if you have anything except for an XBox controller, you're totally and utterly boned, because you can't remap the axes and you can't set deadzones either.  Normally, I wouldn't be too irritated by this, but the developer, Dram (yes, I'm calling you out by name), has been posting all over the Steam support forum for this game, promising proper joystick support for the better part of 18 months now, and we've got nothing to show for it.There are other little irritations too; automatic flight mode is janky as all hell; landers swoop down low, then skim the surface in a rather uneconomical way, then when they approach their destination they scream up to a few dozen meters, then slowly return to land.  That is, if they don't get caught in an endless hover loop twenty meters from the target.  So you click off automatic mode and try to land the thing manually - good luck with THAT.  A lack of actual tutorials is an impediment to the game as well - all you get are a series of unhelpful videos.In short, if you want go go explore Mars and don't have the money (or lack of sense) to buy a seat on Mars One, go buy Kerbal Space Program."
,Recommended,244030,19728715,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Madman_withagun,"I'll cut to the chase, If you don't like taking time to do things in game (like 2 or 3 hours to do 1 or 2 tasks) or if you don't have patience, this isn't for you. However, if you're an avid fan of the exploration front of our lives, this might be for you. The pictures and previews of the game aren't excatly accurate, BUT one day will be. And when it is, oh ho ho, man it will be amazing.Personally, I think this game is amazing. Even in early access there is so much to do and so much excitement to be had in doing it. That being said though, I know there will be alot of people who disagree and straight hate this game. It's easy to understand why though. This game is for those who want to take their time and don't mind taking literally hours to do one little thing.Now onto the bugs. Of course there are bugs, glitches and pieces of incomplete game, it's Early Access! what do you expect? There was a glitch I came across where (Because I was finishing up for the night and only just started on the scenario) I took off my spacesuit and exposed myself to the vaccume of space on the moon. While I was expecting a rather quick death, there was a noticable delay in the decompression of the small rover airlock (about 5 seconds). During the breath phase I closed the airlock but died. Oh well. They've offered a respawn button for now but I repawned half in the cabin, half in space and almost died again.During the first scenario on Mars, I noticed there was a hole in the mountain. Now not the regular kind of hole but the one that let's you crouch under and walk inside the mountain. Simple incomplete texture.While roving on Mars, It took multipul attempts to scan one area while clearly inside the atmospheric scan zone using the correct instuments.There are also many parts of the training yet to be finished (which again, Early Access, it was expected).All in all, This game has one hell of a lot of promise and potential, which I am excited to see released. there will be patches along the way and many MANY additions but I look forward to every single one of them. Sure it's rough around the edges, and I probably sound extremely forgiving for this game, but it's because I can see it will be amazing and fun.Small area to target but you hit the nail on the head! Absolutely amazing work guys! I look forward to the future of this!"
76561197974530413,Recommended,244030,19985899,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,pryordj,"Did you like the Martin?  Well with the scenario editing tools you can put yourself in Mark Watney's suit. That concept got me to buy the game early access 12/26/15.  I played with the existing campaigns, both the robotics and manned and then jumped into the scenario editor.Robtics Campaign- Meh.. it will appeal to some and not to others.  Give it a shot and see if it is for you.  I do see the potential to use it to encourage kids as a learning game as well as the pure 'game' aspects.  Cool.  Not my cuppa but cool.  They are still working on it and it may become 'more' and I will poke my head back in later.Manned Campaign- You start out as a lone survivor after a crash. Not much here at the moment and it ends after about 10 min, but it lets you see some of what is coming.Scenario Editor- OMG.  This alone was worth the money for the game as it is now IMHO.  It is finiky. The controls are so sensative you may want to scream, it can and will crash your whole system (early access folks!), still fun.  It took very little time to put some cargo pods on the surface, put some goodies in them and make a lander at altitude with a screaming me inside.  A little brousing and soon I had triggers etc figured out.  Other players are posting some great scenarios so you can dive in and play without doing it yourself.I can not wait until the game gets to the point you can start in orbit and transfer to a lander, pick a spot and drop. =)Multi player looks promising if you like co-op building.Issues?  Uh yeah.  Early access.  Not going to beat the devs up or bash the game.  I'll wait, and if they don't update etc I will edit to reflect (and bash them and the game).  Past exp with this publisher makes me think it won't be an issue.I have had many issues with crashing but.. early access.Textures and shaders will flub up and it needs a system reboot to correct.Running memory monitoring software and even sitting doing nothing the game slowly eats more and more memory untill crash.. but *shrug* early access.Overall I will say worth what I paid (on sale), and if you are a space geek and don't mind the issues with an early access title go ahead and get it now. If you expect perfection and polish wait a bit for some more bugs to be worked out so you will not feel cheated."
76561198138691719,Recommended,244030,20111016,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,* Jay *,I love how this is a realistic space simulator with more updates to come
,Recommended,244030,20240423,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Kirk Steele,"The Martian SimulatorBest real life mars simulation game there is. While there is no manned launch missions, there is colonization and landing.I highly reccomend this game for anyone wanting a space management game with a realistic feel."
76561198083395429,Recommended,244030,28497102,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,indeepj,Is This A Review? Because I Like The Game. But. 1 Problem. When I Attempt To Use The Multi Player The Mouse Cursor Just Freezes. And Its Not The Mouse Being Unplugged. Its Just A Bug. Wait. Do I Have To Use The Bug Reporting? Because I Dont Think I Have To. Anyways. Review Over..?
,Recommended,244030,30397918,Posted: 8 March,all,Bitheral,"Since the game has gone into full release, I already loved the idea of this game. I personally, love space; Anything that is related to space I would buy in an instant! This game had took my expectations by storm! The content/features I love about this game are that 1. You get to go to the Moon/Mars, 2. You are able to walk on Mars and 3. Docking! (I am not too sure if the story mode is finished or if the game will now stop receiving updates) I hope the story does become improved upon in future updates!"
,Recommended,244030,16899376,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Dinoworld112,This game is Bizzar you can do back flips on mars and die :D  my friend also got stuck in an ♥♥♥♥♥♥ (lift) and I nearled pooped myself and ♥♥♥♥ed in all directions the game is more fun if you know what your doing but the game has it problems and server issues but other then that its quite fun ... if you know what your doing.
,Recommended,244030,17155995,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,chungus boyardee,"Great game, I love it, I really do. Two problems though.1) Servers are really laggy, making it almost impossible for me to play multiplayer2) I managed to get the Half-Frame Frank achivement without using exploits. I just joined a server."
,Recommended,244030,17594814,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Vault Dweller,"NEW REVIEW.Since I wanted this review to help anybody to take the decision if they should buy this game, I rewrote it in order to make it a better one thats worth reading. I only hope that my review helps you to make the right decision.Well, to start with, the game will be loved by every fan of space exploration games. In this game you take the role of Mars colonization program and you basically do the following:1.Choose how to spend the money you have by funding your scientist to find new technologies that are used to upgrade your equipment and by doing so, you slowly reach the point of being able to send humans on the red planet.2.You control your landers, rovers, spacecrafts and later even humans. This is more or less what you do. Controlling machines so as to finish tasks and later humans in order to survive and explore MarsNow about what it feels playing the game. If you seek action and adventure leave. If you seek to reach your adrenaline levels to the top leave. You won't like this game. But if you seek a calm lonely drive ithrough the Martians plains, then you are in the right place. If you don't like long rides from on side of a crater to the other just to collect and analyse some sand, this game is not for you.I don't want to waste any more of your time so I will sum up. This is a game about space exploration fans, that would like to see how it is to explore for many hours Mars, and help mankind to achieve its next big step, colonising for the first time a planet. I don't want to spoil you any more of its content, so I will stop here.I'm sorry for any mistakes I made, I am not a native speaker but I tried my best. If you think that my review is incomplete or false you are free to correct me down in the comments, and I would be really happy to correct any possible mistakes I have made.I will tell you one more thing:If this game was a woman I would marry her. And instead of a dog we would have a rover pet. On Mars."
,Recommended,244030,19957521,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Cobbs,"Love this, May only have small play time but best time. Comparing to space engieers i would play this more. Good building idea and blocks.Thank you.Downside,If you are OCD like me the cables will kill you -_-"
,Recommended,244030,20031697,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Devo343,i can see this being a good game once its finshed there is still alot of bugs and unfinshed things but its good
76561198074502368,Recommended,244030,20254204,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Sandy,"This looks like its going to be a fantastic game, i'd definitely reccomend buying it but it's too buggy to enjoy properly yet."
76561198044708188,Recommended,244030,20332199,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Nova,"Truly enjoying this game, only been playing the single player technological missions atm and not the manned missions yet, will update when I get that far.The tech missions are all about building probes, rovers, etc to be launched to mars (the moon, asteriods, etc too!) and completing missions for money for research. Things like taking soil samples, pictures, and just generally exploring the area.  You can make it so research takes real time or in game time (which you can speed up)."
76561197964270829,Not Recommended,244030,20898209,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,dajmen,"Can`t even start the game, have been so now for 3 weeks. So sadly. I hope you guys can fix this problem. Doesnt matter if i reinstall the game or what i do. Its just saying, ""running"" then ""Sync"" then nothing happens?"
76561198032291174,Recommended,244030,21313461,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,WazzaOz,Awesome.. :-)
,Recommended,244030,21379810,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Roomba,i love this game but heres a few bugs in this gametheres a chance of you getting merged with the elavator and dying when going downcrashes alotSometimes runs extremely poorlybut im not saying i dont like it theres just a few bugs here and there but besides that BEST game EVER! 99999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999/10 Update:so turns out the game became so crashy its unplayable
76561198125392474,Recommended,244030,22963338,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Clard.PDF,"It really is a game with so much potential becuase there is currently no other game like it, dynamic single player with many misison and many ways to tackle them, and a very good mulitiplayer conecpt. However there are so many issues such as the game is in 32 bit, meaning you will get many crashes so get used to smashing that save button every 10 or so minutes, the game can also run very poorly at times even on great systems. but as i said it has lots of potenital, and the game develpoers just need more support."
76561198036657840,Not Recommended,244030,29976150,Posted: 16 February,all,eagle45,"Game is still running on integrated graphics only. The bug with the mobile nVidia GPUs hasn't been fixed in more than a year. I would love to play the game on my fast GPU, but this is unacceptable. I have played over 40 hours on integrated graphics, just because I like the idea so much, but the final product is disappointing. DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS!!! I wish I could get a refund. Definitely the last game I bought from Bohemia!"
76561198063182222,Recommended,244030,17499112,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,[1stTX.F] Pvt Cyberknight,"You can keep a vehicle's engine on, and sit in the back seat while your helicopter spins into a mountian. The science part is optional."
76561197988343003,Recommended,244030,20047627,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,mad6920,love this game but after recent update game is unplayable. The game loads up gets to the menu and when i select  either scenario or the  campaign it begins to load then crashes with a error.  Would give it 5stars but 4 until they fix this bug. Ok now strange thing i just installed an addon and it works but the game itself still wont let me play but the addon lets me play that scenario plz fix!!!
,Recommended,244030,20094747,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,fromduna123,a must have for sandbox and base building loverssrsly I HIGHLY RECOMMEND TO BUY THE GAME  its worth itbut you should always have the graphics on low
76561198037568496,Recommended,244030,20167337,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Cold moonstone,Fun when it comes to driving and more hilarity when it comes to that lander's elevator slaughtering you over and over again.420/10 would want to see spawned NPCs asphyxiate on mars again.
,Recommended,244030,20261396,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,TakoMT,"2015 has seen a lot of sandbox games rise and die in just a matter of just a few months, but there may sometimes come a game that defies odds and truly shows potential. Take On Mars is one of them.Rarely have I seen a game that is quite well polished (has bugs don't get me wrong but it is still early access). It's got a lot of features incl. Multiplayer.  It is packed with features from Mars exploration with probes and custom built rovers... to actual colonisation of the red planet with extensive building options. Survival is a key element of this game with thirst, hunger and general health hindering every move you make. Lot's of vehicles from exploration rovers to forklifters and mobile labs will guarantee hours of fun with friends.If a game keeps me going for more than 24 hours, then I know there is something special about it. I will keep my eye on this game as it progresses and update the review accordingly."
,Recommended,244030,21553577,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,mattmcgarry9,"This game is good but the physics on the elevator in the landing pod need to be fixed. It keeps killing you when you go down. Plus when using the 3D printer at least allow you to be able to print the other parts for the Vehicles. Because when you print a vehicle, only the body comes out. Plus u should add something to the printer to make a holder for the spool of tubing, so the spool don't go everywhere when you unraval it."
76561198120724674,Not Recommended,244030,22092702,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,craigsterkidster,"This game looks great, then you actually buy it and it is absolute trash. Great ideas that have never been put into action. In scenarios you don't have to eat or drink for some reason, and there is only one manned mission for the campaign.Pros:Looks goodCons:Not many campaign missions for the manned missionsThere is no eating or drinking mechanic: (you can do it, but there is no reason to.)Everything else in the game is trashy except the ideas and the ways building works."
,Recommended,244030,20409926,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Duski,"Look, I like this game so much, I played it a lot with friends we built a huge base, never ended up really finishing it. And its pretty much dead the state its in. But it's still a great game don't get me wrong.Manned:The manned side of things is great, they have made some big changes and have been good as. It however still needs some improvements and the manned space program is yet to be finished.IMO, I got quite a bit out of it, however, it was supposed to be in 1.0 in June 2015 I believe. Which isunderstandable, because Bohemia are working on 2 other games which are Arma 3 (which is going to launch a DLC in about april or something) and DayZ. But bohemia's system of working on games makes progress really slow. If they were going to work on 3 games at once they are probably going to need a bigger crew.Space Program:The space program is great! you really have to think about lots of aspects except launching and landing your craft. Unlike Kerbal Space Program, it thats a larger focus on Mars, and all it has. KSP focuses on many areas like launching, landing, designing and going to other planets along with orbit mechanics. However it doesn't really go into the science of analyzing of the planet very much but KSP is a completely different game.But really, I can recommend it to some extent however, the progress is very slow on the game."
76561198007619458,Not Recommended,244030,35139631,Posted: 22 September,all,Brown Sugar,"Not once have I been able to play this game since I bought it. It's always some buggy looking screen that comes up and I can't see anything. I would really like to be able to play this game and give it a positive rating, but at this point in time, that is impossible for me. I even got the 64-bit version of windows recently, and thought maybe that would help it run, but no, it didn't. If in the future, I am able to play this game, then I will change the review and possibly even make it possitive, but at the moment, that is not going to happen."
76561198045497789,Recommended,244030,24040010,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Chris G,great game
76561198038645743,Not Recommended,244030,29955906,Posted: 15 February,all,chaos serpant,"complete let down was expecting survival in space game got "" the life of an idiot astronaught"" the tutorial was my favorite part of this game"
76561198011657297,Recommended,244030,28555545,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Scorpion,"Very Good game now that they fixed and added all content.If you like Osiris, this is same with better base building,mining ect, if you like it more realistic."
,Not Recommended,244030,31763916,Posted: 15 May,all,Remos,"Feels unfinished, confusing and plain boring."
,Not Recommended,244030,33109373,Posted: 1 July,all,Blob,WHAT A DISSAPOINTMENT!
76561198038377325,Not Recommended,244030,32539979,Posted: 18 June,all,dmitry,"Just to get them out of the way, here are some general problems:- unintuitive UI, unclear object interactions, tutorial is extremely boring and not really that helpful- weird physics interactions (falling down when climbing over terrain, flinging objects and sometimes yourself when pulling stuff from debris, etc)- poor mouse control- bad gamepad support- performance issues- crashesBut the biggest problem with this game is pacing and keeping player interested.The unmanned campaign starts OK and for the first 30min is quite fun. But after that it gets super tedious and repetitive.The manned campaign just doesn't feel right. The voice acting and `story` (if I may call it that) are done very poorly and don't work together at all. It feels like initially it was a tech demo or just a space sandbox thing and then it got `enriched` with story elements, voice acting, some attempt at progression and that sort of thing. It doesn't feel like a complete game, it doesn't feel like a game at all. Player struggles along with the main character and it doesn't feel rewarding at all.I gave it a couple of hours for both manned and unamanned and just couldn't be bothered.I bought the game back in 2013 when it was planned to release in mid 2014 I believe. Now 3 years after original release date it's here and it didn't really progress all that much since 2013. Yes, there is some manned content, but it's not much different from a couple of scenarios that were present in 2013. Yes, there are some mods available, but the game gets in the way of enjoying itself.Maybe it's me, but I just can't understand how I should approach the game to enjoy it."
,Recommended,244030,27844369,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Seregant,If you support the Mars-Project and you wanna see how it would be.Play it!
,Recommended,244030,29877240,Posted: 12 February,all,Mylesmata,"Take on Mars has evolved massively since I first bought it in 2013. Driving my rover in the Victoria Crater for the first time was jaw-dropping and I still get that same sensation whenever I return to the red planet.The game is a detailed simulation, focusing on the science, technology and management of a Mars space program. It is generally a slow-paced, thoughtful affair. Admittedly, I left the game alone for some time as I didn't want to spoil everything before the full release, so I've only dabbled slightly in the co-op / manned missions, but despite the feature-creep of survival elements, the game's focus still appears to be managing the budget and tech for scientific.Most negative reviews seem focused on bugs and stability, which I've never had much of an issue with (even in Early Access), but Bohemia interactive have a great reputation for supporting and updating their games for a long time, so I have faith that any issues will be solved soon.If you're a space buff and want to try your hand at believable missions at a fictional space agency in the vein of NASA / ESA / ROSCOSMOS / etc., this is exactly the game you've been looking for. However, if you're more interested in an extraterrestrial co-op survival experience, you should probably look elsewhere (Empyrion/Space Engineersare more likely better options)."
76561197971289536,Recommended,244030,29493242,Posted: 25 January,all,EasyAce,"This game... or work... is actually fun! I've downloaded a mod that gave me the opertunity to start at Victoria crater almost with no supplies at all. Only enough to start making the basic 3d printer and resource gatheres. Also got the truck but it is almost useless untill now. It's 1:1 and I've played through the night. It is dawn and my basic base is set up, with a hydrophonics and water station - a toilet. Enough for me to grow the first batch of potatoes in time before my two beef meals ran out.Fun!As my basic base is in place, some of the resources has been depleted where I am. So for the first time I loaded the truck with my drill and lots of powerstations... and moved it couple of 100 meters. My base now need to expand as I need more room for beds and resources.I actualy feel that I have saved that stranded guy :)"
,Recommended,244030,35012726,Posted: 16 September,all,Flameguy4500,"WHO THE ♥♥♥♥ SENDS A MAV TO MARS WITH NO GODDAMNED FUEL! WHEN I GET BACK TO EARTH, I AM GOING TO LINE UP ALL OF THE MARS-X SCIENTISTS, AND SLAP THE♥♥♥♥♥♥OUT OF EACH AND EVERY ONE OF THEM.(you can tell I'm immersed, as I'm about to blow a blood vessel over a fiction companies idiotic bluders.)10/10, best mars game."
76561198273962090,Not Recommended,244030,20941876,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Nukan00b,"It truley hurts me to do this. I ABSOLUTLY LOVED this game! Sadly, In the recent weeks I and many other TOM fans are unable to play due to unknown reasons. Whenever I try to play, The game crashes in three seconds. I feel bad for all the originel TOM fans and recent fans. Finally, I am saddend for writing this but it had to be done."
,Not Recommended,244030,20723385,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Lebowski,Game has promise but is basically unplayable in multiplayer at the moment due to the bandwidth it requires for each player (about 130 kbs at the start of the map and increasing from that as objects are added).
76561198272881191,Not Recommended,244030,32037694,Posted: 29 May,all,Omgitsnightly,it no longer works
,Not Recommended,244030,17221628,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Horus,"Most disappointing purchase on steam.While the game has an awesome potential - too many issues, game crashing, lack of tutorials, etc. The list is quite long & depressing.Well, what could be expected from early access.Do not recommend it in its' current state."
76561197978155502,Not Recommended,244030,29455119,Posted: 23 January,all,brianmi,"COMPLETE CRAP STAY AWAY!!!!The Devs are now saying ""it's DONE"" and leaving EA on 2/9/2017Total CRAP.  You can't even SAVE a game in multiplayer and LOAD it when you come back!!!Total junk, a complete history of failed dates and missed features, NOW, they'll just BAIL ON ANY FURTHER WORK BY CALLING IT ""FINISHED"".It's FINISHED alright, I'm finished with these Devs...* Stay away *"
,Recommended,244030,20678251,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,s_lapking,"Great game, a little bit tedius but still good fun and relaxing. The tediuness is because is in early access and all the bugs, problems and item are not be fixed or implemented completely yet! But still is a very good game.The Primary Campain (Exploration) is complete but is a bit tedius for some players... Nearly everyone I spoke is waiting for the Manned Campain, and that means living on the Moon, Asteroids, in Orbit and Mars! The Tutorial is just ok, but is not fully clear how to do things, so for some players it may be a steap curve learning,I will raccomend this game for 2 reasons: First the beauty of living in space, orbit or planets, the second is the stunning effect you can see and ability to construct nearly everything you want!I will not raccomend this game for everyone, because it has no real continuous action, unless it is an scripted event. Let me explain in ditails: You can do almost everything, but the are moments where you cannot do nothing until the resources or event finish or trigger, like if you have set up your base and started the resources, sometimes the only thing you can do is do something that you really not need for the next mission or the one you are doing, like looking for more drops, that you cannot use at the end of a scenario to the next (Unless the devs change that in the final release).Still is great to see Bohemia Interactive have great ideas for games and have the guts to takle a game like this brilliantly!"
76561198147936129,Recommended,244030,17920306,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,CarlosGardes,"Take on Mars is a game where you try to be the pioneer of colonize Mars; but first you need to pass trough a Space Program Campaign. If you want to have a lot of fun hours you should buy this game: Campaign, survival, build, online multiplayer and so. I have played 18.4 hours this game the last month and I going to keep playing for a long while.Take on Mars es un increible juego donde el objetivo principal es ser el pionero en colonizar Marte; para esto tendras que iniciar conociendo el planeta con sondas, satelites e incluso podras utilizar el Curiosity !Geniial!: todo esto en Campaña de Programa Espacial o podras probar las diferentes caracteristicas del juego en modo ecenario, al final el juego resulta muy entretenido.Se trata de explorar, construir y sobrevivir, muy recomendado. (Con respecto al precio es barato para lo que te entrega este titulo.)"
,Recommended,244030,23465540,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,grieferbastard,"Short version -Take On Mars is a AAA game being made by an indi publisher. As such it's still in Beta and probably will be for some time - if that's an issue for you, favorite it and be patient. It is however being crafted with more realism and simulation and depth than any other space game you've played since KSP. You're going to kick yourself if you're a fan of real space sim stuff and don't play this game.Longer version -It started focused on sending probes to Mars and the inherent complications and experiences you'd find in that. That's already a very rich, very complex experience and worth the money. There's a tech tree you need to unlock, upgrades, scaling missions and tech and challenges that are a fun game already. Pick a location (created from actual surface scan data from Mars. No♥♥♥♥♥♥ it legit mapped from photos and heightmap data of the surface of Mars) and start figuring out what missions you can do with a single probe. Much like current space exploration you have to gauge the money and tools available to you to maximize your productivity on the surface. You'll find challenges of opportunity that provide additional income and so you need to plan for the unexpected while keeping in a manageable budget and resources. It's challenging in similar ways to Kerbal Space Program only focused on a far more realisitic experience rather than a somewhat fantastical one.The probe missions and content is a fun and challenging game and, again, worth the money.However the devs have recognized the demand for something more personal and have started laying the groundwork for manned missions to Mars. It's still simple and in a development state and has a long way to go. However the devs have shown with the content already created that they're dedicated and focused on making a deep, complex and challenging environment. That's going to take time and as the scope of the game has changed so has the development timeline.If you like what you see so far, pick it up. If you're concerned, then wishlist it and wait. If you're reading this review though then you're probably the sort of person intrigued by a realistic, challenging view of what exploring and even visiting Mars would be like, using actual mapping and images of the Martian surface and science we theoretically have today. If that's the case you're going to want this game sooner rather than later.If that's something you want then why settle for later rather than sooner?Game In Beta Note:Some people are concerned with the development pace of the game. Always a concern with indie titles and it's a legit concern. You don't want a game that's been abandoned. That's not this game though. Devs have been working steadily so far, it's just a lot to make for an indie studio and there's no way you can look at the content that's already in the game and not realize that when it is released it's going to be the best, most realistic sim you could really hope for. It is a sim by the way - simulation is the name of the game. From different weights, uses and limitations to different sorts of suits to limited uses in the tests you can run on your probes to deadly radiation bursts from the Sun that Mars' whisper thin atmosphere and lack of magnetic field don't protect you from. You want a quick and dirty survival shooter they're already out. You want a realistic sim that tracks your oxygen usage based on your physical exertion, you need to have some patience.....and if you want to survive on the Red Planet you're going to need to be patient."
,Not Recommended,244030,34623774,Posted: 30 August,all,Larry,Buggy AF
76561198171446565,Recommended,244030,18847993,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,NASAturtle,"love it, but i have a idea so when you are in speace program mode you can edit and build vechicals well why not make new tab on meun screen on start to build and customize rovers,landers (etc) with unlimited money :D"
76561198066273256,Recommended,244030,22999418,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Code58,"Started to play the game.In 10 Game crashTried again and finished the training.Went to play the story ""Chapter Two""After 5min in the Story, Screen goes black, and tells meTo be continued in early 2016.Please see date of comment :P"
76561198165621019,Not Recommended,244030,29319729,Posted: 17 January,all,james.edouard.robert,"I have read lots of reviews with people wondering why this game is getting a poor review and excusing it by saying that it is an early release...come on ! Yes it WAS an early release back in 2013 and YES myself and many others purchased it with the understanding that it would be a work in progress, but there is a limit to the term ""early access"" I have seen little in the way of progress in YEARS !!! The game is so far from being enjoyable that it leaves me feeling cheated out of $20. This will be my last title from Bohemia Interactive as this is ridiculous...perhaps early access for $5 would be reasonable, but this game isn't worth much more. If you are thinking of purchasing this game....DON'T....at least not until BI shows SOME amount of effort towards fulfilling their obligation to those who graciously supported them in the hopes of seeing the game take proper form."
76561198022873572,Not Recommended,244030,23904467,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,skullncross,This game in my eyes isnt in beta its more like Alpha still and needs alot of improvments as sss2007 is more advanced graphically and payerable wise. lol
76561198112335919,Recommended,244030,15758281,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Ron   ︻气デ═一,"intro and menu were awesome.  I don't know what I'm doing - but from what I have done. ITS COOL.  I managed to drop 10 probes. Made money - spent money on research... spent to much had 46 left and needed 52 to send another probe to make more money.  HOW ELSE TO MAKE MONEY?  Did a scenerio - 6 wheel vehicle on grass at earth. tried to hit nav points.  Hit one - made money it seemed, could not hit another no matter how close I was to it.. Was always 1yr away.  SHOWS MUCH PROMISE.  But at this point - I dunno whats going on."
76561198049014327,Recommended,244030,26146989,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Professor,This is a great game.........I would like to see this game completed. thank you.
,Not Recommended,244030,30713926,Posted: 24 March,all,AvengerArts,"It is lagging as f***!!! I don't know why?my PC spec:Win 10intel core i5 4570RAM 16GB DDR3 666MHz, Idon't know why they are in ""666MHz"" is it normal?Motherboard Gigabyte Z97X Gaming 3Sapphire AMD Radeon 290"
,Not Recommended,244030,34023603,Posted: 4 August,all,Glacier,"Really buggy, and unfair. This game is great, but when you try to host multiplayer, it decides to crash all of the users. Not only that, but I stepped on a rock and died, after completing half of my goal. Later I decided to get back on and retry, but after saving my game, it deleted it's self and decided to crash the game along with all of my progress. I warn you not to get this game, unless they fix these issues, or the game comes with better pricing, twenty five dollars is not worth it."
,Recommended,244030,20859173,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Rydogdav,"Sooooooo, I'm just gonna say it now: in this game you ""have to science the s**t out of this"". Besides the ability to completely reinact the entirity of The Martian, the game is really awesome and in-depth. You start out with a few vehicles and your trusty 3D Printer. Enter Mars- The Red, Dead, Planet. Get out while it's light and get to work: place the foundations of your base, get some solar panels and some ""boxes of doom"" (if you haven't guessed it yet, I'm going to be quoting The Martian a bit) down, and then get to bed in your spawn vehicle so you don't freeze to death when night falls. In all seriousness, this game is truely a sandbox game. Go anywhere within the map (consisting of real life landmarks/landscapes of Mars) place anything (implemented) in the game, harvest, refine, print, repeat. And its not even a full freaking game yet! (If I haven't sold you, either something's wrong with you, or you just hate The Martian)In the great words of Shia LaBeouf: JUST [BUY] IT!!!"
,Not Recommended,244030,23317545,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Tmoatic,"Love the game... Or rather the promise of what the game can be... I bought this game in December 2015 with promises of a 1.0 non-beta version coming out in Feb 2016. Dissapointment after dissapointment has all I have recieved. Constant updates and little as far as information as to what had been worked on is available unless you spend an hour looking through the forums. Forums are great but when you are pushing a new update would it kill to put some info in the news stream? The last headline was from an article that originally led me to the game in the first place and its not much of a help as to the game play. There are tons of ""coming soon"" points in the in game gui that make using vehicles and such a pain in the bottom. PLEASE tell me whats going on and why I paid a big game dev company money for a product they dont seem to care about finishing. I know the team creating the game is working hard but they need to recieve the support they deserve. I'd gladly switch to yes as far as recomending this game if the dev team got some help and were more communicitive in a easily public way."
76561198130707624,Recommended,244030,23008471,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Anonymous Racism,"I'm not sure if they will be finishing this game; however, from the amount of gameplay available in only the beta mode, it is the best space, mars exploration, free to do what you please RPG in it's own category. There is no game alike that can possibly compete. There was an update a few days ago. There are still very many bugs and things that need to be worked out, such as the basic probes launched in the first chapter, the cameras need to be fixed. The last 3 training mission need voice audio because the subtitle diminish too quickly for anyone to read. It has so much potential and is very advanced for it's state of development. Although, I am concerned for the fact it was released in 2013 and is still in it's beta mode. It has so much potential and needs to be finished, they should dedicate more money and time into completing this product. it would bring them a huge revenue, but also give gamers, and people fascinated with space exploration, an opportunity to enter the field and understand the reality of space and another planet. What adds to the excitement is that NASA will be sending humans to Mars hopefully by 2030. This is an excellent game with so much to do and I stand to support it. Do not judge it too quickly, buy it and play it."
,Recommended,244030,16511247,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,The Wise Dogecake,"My health is low so I go to the bed to heal. I wake up in the wall and die.10/10Actual Review ________________________________________________________________There are many bugs (such as waking up in the wall) and it crashes a lot, but it is early access so it's not like I should expect a lot. I see a great future for this game.Bugs________________________________________________________________If you are near a ceiling, jump and you will go through it.If you are in the Mars ready room, you can get onto the coffee dispencer by jumping. Then if you jump through the ceiling, you can walk around on there and even jump off and fall to Mars (you actually fall through the surface because its still part of the ready room and you aren't even supposed to see outside really)."
,Recommended,244030,30288875,Posted: 2 March,all,ToffeeBlitz,"I think this game is still in its early stage still it has a lot of potential and would be a pretty good game with a good fanbase if the game is actually ""finished""buy Arma3 first for those who haventand I havent experienced the bugs/crashes people are talking about so far"
,Recommended,244030,34114765,Posted: 8 August,all,The Reaper,"For the people who are having unhandled exception errors that say it's an illegal copy, there's two methods of fixing that. One is changing the compatability to running Windows 7 or 8, another is moving the folder from the Steam/steamapps/common/ drop, and putting it directly into the Steam folder. Either way is possible for fixing the error."
76561198058025040,Recommended,244030,9812722,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,shitgiggler69,it good
76561198103600609,Recommended,244030,21368255,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Somthing Nasty,When i first got this game i fell in love with it and to this day it is yet to break my hearta great game for anyone!!!enjoy
,Not Recommended,244030,23448737,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,CommunistCupcake,"It's been in early access for an unholy amount of time, which is ridiculous since these aren't indie devs, theyre a full professional team. Game's broken, buggy, and never updated."
,Not Recommended,244030,29470483,Posted: 24 January,all,Adam-One,"So after all these years I decided to give this game one last chance and play Manned mission.I was playing RC2 which will be most likely the final version, neverheless no more major bugs will be eradicated by the time this releases.I simply cannot recommend it because of large amount of gamebreaking bugs and performance issues.From my last playthrough:On the moon it is rather easy to trip your buggy. When you do so, there is like 80 percent chance you wil die when trying to exit the buggy, because you fall trhough the moon.When this happened to me after 1 hour of playing and being in 2nd mission, then I painfully realized, there is no checkpoint or autosave function. My last save was from one month ago.OK. I had to restart whole manned  campaign.Then I had to follow transmiters to find second one. It is stated that transmiter is situated south from the base and I should follow that path. Very first transmiter is situated north of base however. I did not realize that and followed direction of the transmitter, going north instead of south. And after like 1 minute of driving I fell off a map... Moon just ended and I fell to the void and kept falling until I loaded saved game.After like 25 deaths I managed to enter 3rd mission. That was where I rage guitted.I had to load 25 units of water to the truck. UI is very clunky so it was a pain really.But I lowered stairs to the truck and planned to grab water packs from crates and bring them to the truck, put them on the foor of the truck and so on.Then I found out you cannot simply climb the stairs by walking. You get stuck.So I started jumping on those stairs... I flopped almost everytime, but I manegd to get there like 12 packs of water. Then I jumped, flopped and bashed my head and cracked helmet, died, and last save is stil on the moon! I forgot to save when starting 3rd mission.When the stairs are not walkable, how do I load or enter the truck while only possible options almost everytime kills you?This game is so broken, that I cannot recommend it to anyone, and I am afraid it is bound to the game engine, since these are the same bugs as were 2 years ago."
76561198148423953,Not Recommended,244030,19354596,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Lt. Dan,Do not waste your money on this game if your looking to play with friends!!!!! everyone besides the host of the server will crash 15 mins into playing.
76561198058132678,Recommended,244030,19758950,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,rkleczek,Im a fan of the space program since well there was one but as for games i wish this one has a full version before i got it but i hope i dont have to pay the rest for the full version the game as of now looks real good
76561198099854073,Recommended,244030,25884880,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,GateKeeper,"Really enjoying it, cant wait till they bring out more content :)"
76561198331034787,Recommended,244030,30406058,Posted: 9 March,all,Frame77,Absolutely recommend this game.I am not experiencing any Bugs or FPS drops as described in other Reviews.The Mod System allows complete customization and creation of scenarios and missions.
76561198126907619,Recommended,244030,31912606,Posted: 22 May,all,Falconshank,"Sure this has some bugs like the tripping and falling while running with cables...well that might just add to the reaslism tho.This game is very immersive with great sounds and a nice soundtrack.Multiplayer was a little glitchy. Every now and then a part of my base would get stuck in the ground but it would eventually come back up and let me move it.A not so nice player joined my game and launched the shuttle and that straight sucked. Everything was all foggy from the launch and rendered the game unplayable, not to mention all my hydrogen and oxygen was gone. Dev should really put a lock on the door or something.I have been surviving on Mars for many days with the real-time day-night cycle and it makes me hurry to finish up tasks before nightfall. Adds to the realism to make the cycle 1:1. Nothing like seeing a Martian sunrise.Gathering resources is tedious but that also adds to the realism. A few times I ran with barrels only to trip and crack my helmet on the ship or some equipment. I have torn suits while collecting Mars Rock but it was fine because I had a suit patch kit. Yes the crafting with the 3D printer is pretty deep and fun.My only complaint would be the lack of any real missions aside from the starting mission which is great. Definitely try that one. I would like to see more to do like finding the old Viking lander or some of the rovers. Maybe even discovering life?Really this is a great game if you like space and especially if you love Mars. Just don't be disappointed when you realize you are surrounded by red dust. Hey at least you have your green potatoe plants."
76561198072310130,Recommended,244030,20709407,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Morty Jhones,"this game is Great! 8 out 10.WARNING - do not play this game if you like action. There generlly is none unless you make a mistake in which case it can cost you plenty.When you fire up the single player mode you are given the option of robotics or manned campain.the robotics campaign is then further broken down into Quick Time or Real Time opions.for the robitics campain you are tasked with launching probes and exploring Mars. An extensive tech tree alows you to use funds raised by completing objectives to research improved systems and rovers, that allow you to perform more complicated research.Larger missions can raise more cash but it's easy to get into the situatuion where alll your money is riding on one mission, only for a random system failer to cause it to smash into the ground. especially with new tech. Driving around taking photo's and air samples makes up most of the early robotics game play with surface sampling and other tests entering  mid to late campain.Driving a rover is good fun but it is easy to underestimate the weather and/or terrain effects and end up trailing bits all over the place. When bad weather stikes you can hide behind a rock and just hope that the thing survives. Unlike real operatiors you have the option to swich to other probes at any time.The Manned campain is still under construction but is a planed to be a series of liked sinariospro's -Very pretty even at low settings.Realistic locations and effectsPunishing single player campaigns (robotic - and maned)con's -Very SLOW paced.   low gravity enviroments punish rushed actions.Robotics campain consists of doing the same thing over and over to raise funds.realistic affects can lead to R.U.D. of your probes and rovers. (Rapid Unplaned Disasembaly)."
76561198030027512,Recommended,244030,30342466,Posted: 5 March,all,sharpw,The amount of work and thought that went into this game is staggering. The immersion is spot on and the scenarios rewarding. This game is definitely headed in the right direction.
76561198034573935,Recommended,244030,21013081,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Gabe,"I absolutely love what's been achived so far with the Beta. It's a very interactive simulator with alot of learn and figure out so be sure to grab a cup of coffee first.Since it's beta there are no guides on how to do anything so you have to figure out for yourself (hardcore mode is already enabled) I've joined up with a few other beta player to report issues and bugs that affect the game play so I do hope these are looked at.Yes, please support these guys."
76561198032969148,Recommended,244030,21266922,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Shenku,always fun to play ahead thers crashes every now and then founs away from using the buggys and trucks thats much faster i call the magic carpit all u do is 3d Print a large floor stand on it just before halfway and grab it and lift it up while ur standing on it sends ur♥♥♥♥♥faster that anything in the game atm
76561198292792283,Recommended,244030,23904380,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Leeroy Jenkins,Amazing game very intresting concept One thing fix the sound on the power tutoral (the instructor voice is not there) just subs and it sucks trying to read that print Cheers mate i will finish the trainning and write another review
,Recommended,244030,13728308,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,BOL | SKITLITE,take on mars take it on me take me home in a minute or twooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,244030,16403117,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,deathjdstn32,"We should not have to look at youtube or websites, just to figure out how to place blocks together. It is extremly confusing and frustrating on finding what blocks work with what. Please fix this. Example I do not know what can be connected to the base blocks and I cannot figure out how to place windows and floors etc.."
76561198192305915,Recommended,244030,25304551,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Mardog,Great Game
,Recommended,244030,25441619,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Grivies_Otter,"If you have a thick skin when it comes to bugs that can utterly destroy your progress in a slow-paced game like 'Take on Mars', if you love to send probe after probe, lander after lander and rover after rover on our small, red, dusty neighbor, if you love space-exploration-games that truely try to display the work of astronomers and generally people working with exploration of outer space, then this game is for you. It is not finish (it might never be), but personally I just can't get enough of traveling with my small robot over endless, red deserts, shooting photos and measuring temperature. It is awesome."
76561198014551130,Recommended,244030,19982281,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,[ϟ.ϟ.] Capuccino_SP,"Awesome Game! Great Idea, DEV's Plz continue with the great work you've already accomplished!"
,Not Recommended,244030,20313229,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Clacka,"Looks very interesting and probably good played with friends but ultimately is too slow paced and dull.Good:+ Looks great+ Really feel alone in space and mars / moon.+ Will appeal to people who like slow pace simulations like Farming Simulator, Trainz, etc.Not good:- Player character perfectly simulates an 80 year old with Alzheimer's. (walks so slow you forget what you're doing.)- Damn near has a heart attack if jogging more than 50m in the training area- Stops dead still for 2 seconds after each jump, can't hop around on the moon like the Apollo Astronauts.- Vehicles so slow they could be out run by a small child on a tricycle. Would be great fun if the vehicles were faster. Drifting on Mars anyone?- Crafting needs instructions.- Lack of ""enemies"" or NPCs make you feel like ""what do I do now? what's the point?"" after you build your base."
,Not Recommended,244030,21589064,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,SpockTheBuilder,The controlls/graphics/everything else are like playing Space Engineers while drunk... after having major surgery...
76561198017766328,Recommended,244030,19973386,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,maweggywoo,"lol just bought this game and i was doing the tutorial , first thing that crossed my mind was health and safety ""oh hey just climb over those box's and crouch under the poorly placed beam "" then there was a create in the gate way blocking it ,""hey can you just move that for me?"" lol im gunna love this game :)"
,Not Recommended,244030,20162897,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,SpacePope42,"Neat concept but absolutely broken at the moment. Elevators will kill you for no reason. You may find it impossible to manipulate items properly. Your head can swivel sideways and get stuck there. Basically, they need to do a LOT more work fixing thier game before I'd consider playing this again."
76561198106192119,Recommended,244030,21399312,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Vernon,BEST GAME EVER!!
76561198255460908,Recommended,244030,19591295,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Ragnorok3,This Game is great!!! I am excited for the final release to happen. Although the few bugs in could become nusience if not fixed b4 the final release....and it is past the 15th Bohiemia Whats the News?????
,Recommended,244030,14643314,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,UncookedMeatloaf,One of the best space sim games I've played.
,Recommended,244030,4643314,"Posted: 14 September, 2013",all,redoper,Really exciting game!
76561198050848795,Recommended,244030,9966626,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,recshooting,"Game wont start error ""Cant load config ccsettings.xml because document empty"
,Recommended,244030,582463,"Posted: 1 September, 2013",all,Crass,"This is a hard game to recommend to everyone. If you are a fan of simulators, especially Kerbal Space Program, Orbiter, Lunar Flight, or Moonbase Alpha, then I would definately recommend this title. It is still in alpha and very rough around the edges, but for the price it will supply an adequate amount of enjoyment."
,Recommended,244030,28251988,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Frozone,"This game is great. I only have som issues with the MAV being a spaceplane, but that is about it. Also, bohemia if you are reading this, add more complex life support. Im thinking stuff similar to what is mentioned in the martian. (Water reclaimer, Air controller, and the AREC. Please make life support more than ""pressurize""."
76561198112487464,Recommended,244030,15258751,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Mr. Soysauce III,"this game has GREAT potential, although the flaws are very major and can cause the game to become unplayable, i would buy this game just to have it when it starts patching some of  these issues"
,Recommended,244030,28001927,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,twitch.tv/blackhole4825,"Take on Mars is good for what the unmanned part offers, but the manned part is still in heavy development right now. It does look promising as the game is still under development by the devs. The development may be slow but it is still there. They give out information about what they are currently doing and they even have a trello page so you can check out what they are developing and what is to come."
76561198199087846,Not Recommended,244030,25464623,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,ACHMED,"Sadly, this games looks dead so yeah.."
76561197970645163,Not Recommended,244030,24730534,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Roy Calbeck,"Why is this game running a full-page ad in PC Gamer saying ""out now on Steam"" with no indication it's still unfinished and in Early Access?"
76561198000739210,Recommended,244030,29835671,Posted: 10 February,all,Trumpeter,"I am going to write my first steam review.  If you are into shooters or fast paced games, do not bother with this game.If you love the idea of our civilization going back to space, this will allow you to simulate what is reachable.I know it has it's issues, but it has come a long way from what it was at the beginning.  I find it so good that I am looking into using it as a simulation in my space exploration class."
76561198115086891,Recommended,244030,23302032,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Vman2023,"I know this is ""Early Access"" but I played the Space Program, and just barely figured out how to get together all the things I am supposed to be getting and then the promise, ""coming soon in early 2016"". Well, it is now MID-2016 and there has been nothing further added?I know that some people might want the multiplayer aspect - but I don't, and would like to have a sandbox type play where I can build my own base -- the senarios do not seem to be so set up. I thought that was what this Space Program Manned was supposed to be about... but...Seriously I hope you guys are really working on this 2016 release as this real real really seems to be a game worth playing and at $22 there should be much more than a teaser at this point since you said it was coming...Right now, I would NOT recommend this game even though I marked yes -- that is because it is unfinished and other reviews suggest that there is no movement on this... I took a chance and hope that it will be rewarded with some kind of real update soon."
76561198187363161,Recommended,244030,23109759,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,The Ghost That Follows,"I'm not sure why this game has mixed reviews.  It's still in beta, people.  Does it crash?  Yes, but you can STILL progress and have a meaningful experience if you're patient and save often.  I can't speak for multiplayer at this point, but in the last week I've built a fully functional base by myself (I'm a fan of the manned missions) and was into full-fledged methane production (a very time-consuming compound to make in the game).It's worth your time if you're a space/science buff and are looking for an immersive space exploration experience.  With the way that development is going now, it seems like when the kinks are worked out of this game it could be a real-life simulation of survival on the red planet...if NASA ever develops space suits that can be put on/removed by one person. That's how immersive it is.It doesn't just stop at Mars, either.  You can send rovers or conduct manned missions to asteroids, the moon of earth and the moons of Mars (Phobos and Deimos).  The devs have thought of everything and the attention to detail is fantastic.  I'm eager to see what will come in future updates and the anticipated v. 1.0 release.I highly recommend this game as long as the devs keep up the good work."
76561198167819795,Not Recommended,244030,33494860,Posted: 12 July,all,deffingerm,Not much to say. It's boring and just simply sucks.
76561198145957300,Not Recommended,244030,23787017,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,FriendlyGuy - SELLING GEAR,not much to do i got board after 30 minutes the idea is great but i am looking more into spaceship travel and not to make bases
76561198074435521,Not Recommended,244030,32699666,Posted: 23 June,all,Ethiker,"performance decreases over playtime online, manned mission and multiplayer is usually shakey, eventually gets impossible to play, If they can fix the camera shake and performance issues my recomendation and review will turn to a positive not a negative. but right now its a negative"
76561198156280488,Recommended,244030,32830192,Posted: 26 June,all,fordgtken,startup guide. For Take on Marshttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=253363022
76561198161397962,Recommended,244030,24450906,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,YourUserName,GR8
76561198150428763,Not Recommended,244030,30966665,Posted: 5 April,all,Kraven,Not worth
,Recommended,244030,13826581,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,WedTM,"This game is like Kerbal Space Program on steroids. If you don't like this game, then ♥♥♥♥ you."
76561198045261714,Not Recommended,244030,20575462,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Creature,"bugs, disconnects, freezing and more. no, i will not recommend this game. i can't believed it was released with this many problems. BI should be ashamed of themselves. then have the nerve to come out and say ""not using the public as testers, we have our own"" really!!!!! your hole develepoment team should be fired! this game is unplayable."
,Recommended,244030,18378646,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Enderism,Mark Watney Simulator 2015
76561198034912952,Not Recommended,244030,23772127,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,ibol13,"This game has some promise, but right now it is just very shallow. There is not much here and it doesn't fell like more is on the way. This is how kerbal space program could have gone horribly wrong. There is a lot of unimportant stuff here that could be expanded upon, but not a lot of expanding upon the good ideas. The last update was in 2015, 2015! That is completely unnacceptable. Especially since there are multiplle different places in-game which say ""New features in early 2016!"" Well, it's june. We are half wat through 2016 and the devs didn't even bother to remove or update those messages. My last complaint is a technical one. I was using a radio thermal electric generator. It reduced to 3/4 it's original output after a very short period of time. Are you INSANE!? It even says plutonium-238 in-game an element with a half life of 88 years, not less than a day. My camera also seemed to break for no reason? Granted these may be in-game features due to weather conditions. But if they are it merely highlights another flaw in the game. It explains almost nothing to you. The only tutorial is for manned missions, which currently make up almost none of the game. This left me stranded trying to figure out how to ploay this game from the second I hit the launch button. The construction system is a well implemented idea, but again! There are almost no missions or playable parts of the game which utilize this feature. PLEASE! Devs, get it together and flesh out this game. Take a hint from KSP and improve your updates. If you are thinking of buying this game, don't, I can barely refer to this as a game. Wait until the features have been fleshed out and the game is a game. The developers should be ashamed for charging anyone to ""play"" this husk. I don't know if they will finish the game, but there is potential. This demo has all of the requirements to make an amazing game, they just need to try. Yes, this is really more of a demo. A paid demo promising updates, no doubt riding on the back of ksp's success. Steer clear until this demo becomes a game, if ever."
,Not Recommended,244030,24206866,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Avengre,"Very poor game.. Kinda stinks because BI is a pretty good company.  Movement is incredibly buggy and annoying in enclosed environments, you get caught on things, warp through walls, have jitter everywhere.  This is like a game in very early alpha where the basic, _basic_ mechanics are not worked out, like... movement and object interaction."
76561198007130809,Not Recommended,244030,22700578,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,mezalon1,"Game has great potential and can become the gretest sim out but at this time it is so buugy that you cannot save your progress on any of the maned mars senarios, it crashes every time you try to save, only one working is the moon base senario so do not recomend at this time. Ok Save game has been fixed and since my last post so now you can play othe sinarios and i played them all but gets boring after a while since nothing left to do but build bases and survive and once that is done you just sit there checking out the stars,lol"
,Not Recommended,244030,22420126,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,FatalNickle,"I know this game is early access. But I can't even walk straight.. My WASD movement seems to shift as I go along. I have to keep finding the right button combination to walk straight. Crashes every 20 minutes IF that.... I mean come on. $22? Atleast fix the character controller.. I could deal with the crashing but the ""drunk mode"" makes it hard."
76561197968924991,Recommended,244030,16182432,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,#night|Black_Betty,Doesn't get boring and parfect for causual gaming.
,Recommended,244030,15771893,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Alexsys,"Awesome game, one of the best early access games i've ever seen!"
76561198007944079,Recommended,244030,22901162,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Archer Holiday,"Wait till final release, if there's one?"
76561198067740825,Recommended,244030,20525482,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,husky,"Jesus christ I dont know what to say about this game lol, Its a good game for sure if I had to use 1 word it would be....DIFFRENT."
,Recommended,244030,21368360,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Sokiama hidaku,"I think this game is great, I run an office computer and this game is just perfect on it. The time to construct is realistic from the Year it's pointed towards, and the multiplayer runs smoothly"
,Recommended,244030,18225077,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Konoko,"It's... um... really just what you expect. Buy probes, send probes, buy probes, send probes, buy probes, send probes...There's nothing wrong with that, per se. It's just...You know when someone says something to your face, and you laugh aloud, and go, 'Haha, that's hilarious, classic!' and then the person just look at you, confused, because you just don't get that this person is not kidding around and you just feel a bit stupid?Yeah, that's this game.It's Mars exploration. Nothing more, and nothing less."
76561197968559405,Not Recommended,244030,18967828,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Pie Face Poo Face,"Before I purchased this game (before it became early access) there had been talk of VR support (Oculus).  Now we're at the end of the 2nd Oculus dev kit and consumer Oculus is only a few months away. The Take on mars developer has no interest in supporting VR and one of the devs has blamed Oculusvr for this: ""Originally posted by Dram:Hey guys, I am unsure at this point about Vive, but the Oculus will certainly not be supported. Since the newest 0.6 drivers they removed DirectX 9 support. TKOM runs on DX9, which means we're out of luck.Just to clarify, they needed to make the move to better support direct to Rift mode, so I perfectly understand their move as being unavoidable. Pity though :)""  << The question is why a game still in development is using the outdated DX9 engine? DX11 has been around for a long time and we now have DX12.  I would say the problem isn't that oculus implemented direct-mode only but that Bohemia are developing their games on the outdated DX9 API.VR aside... the game as it stands is pretty dull."
,Not Recommended,244030,20434003,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,[R-1] Vadex,I would love to recomend this game but I just cant at the moment. It crashes alot and it almost did'nt start when I first bought it. If the game got a patch I would definitly play it more but right now I just can't.
76561198032373367,Not Recommended,244030,20446073,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,TT,"Wanted this for a while, and half hour in - I'm disapointed.I've not yet landed something on Mars, but I've been building and ""testing"" probes.however as far as I can tell the probes are spawning under the ground. I've also got no real data reading to tell me what's going on - what's my altitude for instance? The only way I have any knowledge that I beleive I am underground, is going to the 3rd person free fly camera that's where it starts, miles underground.Theres the start of a tutorial system but it barely tells me anything useful that I couldn't work out myself, then dumps me without the base knowledge of how I'm actually supposed to be playing the game. Like how do I build a probe? It's pretty unintuitive.It's a shame I'd love to recommend this - maybe I'll edit my review later - but I'm just finding this too frustrating to recommend to anyone."
,Not Recommended,244030,20456912,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,yelroc,"My friend and I played ""Moon Base Alpha"" and liked that.  We thought this looked similar so we thought we would like this game but we did not.  Take on Mars is extremely buggy, it's a very slow paced game, and there doesn't seem to be much to do.  This is a definate no on recommending it."
,Recommended,244030,21843000,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Mr Chang,Murdered friend with a drill.10/10
76561198037782407,Not Recommended,244030,21897676,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Rhoke,"First off i would like to say..... This game has potential but the mechanics are very sluggish. my character pulls to one side constantly. I die from barely touching a wall. and a lundry list of issues just like that. I understand the whole ""make it realistic"" thing. BUT, if your trying to tell me that a person getting ready to go into space has issues with just running 20 feet before getting out of breat h and thats ""realistic"" then i will have to say thats ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.Give this game a little bit before buying. As of right now id say its not worth it."
76561198045231999,Recommended,244030,23728136,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Prometheus,"I think it's cool that the devs are turning out updates to this pretty neat sim.  But what would really be helpful is a post or two now and then that explains what the updates contain.  Just enough high-level feedback to the community to help us understand how awesome the update(s) is that we are experiencing.  New features, bug fixes, support, etc...  things like that would help us gain a better appreciation for a sim we already know and enjoy.  Personally, I would like to know when the radiation is being addressed.  Will there be additional shielding we can construct to protect from radiation?  Will there be radiation sickness pills we can find or manufacture?  I'm sure there are many questions that fans of this sim have and are anxiously awaiting feedback from the devs.  I think the Devs are doing a great job, but a little blurb now and then to the community would be nice."
76561198069212133,Recommended,244030,25734282,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,The Wolf,i took off my helmet to see what would happen and i died instantly from asphyxiation
,Recommended,244030,20882229,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,insomniac,"Dont be detired by the fact it is in early acess, the devs have been actively working on it and modding for the community constantly in all 3 years of development. A very bun accurate simulator! If your looking for a game with people colonising other celestial bodies, this game WILL be for you, but it is not yet finished in that aspect. The robotic missions and some human missions sufice for hours of fun! Give it a chance!!!"
76561198123412837,Recommended,244030,15870645,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,python4161 4K,I took on Mars... and Mars won10/10 Would run out of funding again
76561197992574380,Recommended,244030,31913658,Posted: 23 May,all,Guffer,"This is by far the best Mine/build/survive game i ever played.Its so complex and far reaching, so it gives many fun play hours (days or months).There is bugs, true, i even had quite many of them, i had many where i got unconsious, because i hit something,or stumbled over something.Even one time i fell inside truck cabin, and when i got up again, i had my head outside of the truck, and sufficated to death :PBut i will still say its the best ever for me :DAnd it can only be better and better, as devs keep going."
,Recommended,244030,25412513,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,TheGuppy525 (fart),best game ever
,Recommended,244030,31484457,Posted: 1 May,all,miguelon1602,"It's great, but it would need some things to be perfect:1. The ability of repairing vehicles2. Set more vehicle, like mars planes, shuttles and things like that3. A manned campign, but sending some vehicles with crew and supplies"
,Recommended,244030,31911495,Posted: 22 May,all,[IBG] CaptainCheesy,"I only recommend this game really because of it's potential.The game has a numerous amount of bugs that need fixing, such as barely hitting your head and going unconscious until you die, or trying to sleep in your poptent and getting thrown under the surface of the planet just to die. I have a pretty good computer, with settings on Medium and my frames are still around 30, which tells me the game needs serious optimization. A lot of other general fixes could be implemented, but it's still a decent game.The gameplay is like no other game I've played. It's deeply immersive and rather time consuming, but this is made up for with the challenge of the game. You start out and have to find emergency oxygen dispensers to stay alive for the first 30 minutes of gameplay, as well the necessity for food and water. You have to maintain your suit from wear and damage, which is rather interesting. The managing of resources such as methane, oxygen, water, etc is none like I've seen other than State of Decay.All around, I'd give it a 3 star review, due to the excrutiatingly painful bugs it presents. Other than that, the gameplay is phenominal and would be much much much better if more content was introduced, as well as isolating and exterminating the bugs currently in game."
,Not Recommended,244030,19352622,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,andrewaltogether,"The developers say this will be released in February, and I have no idea how they think that will be possible. The unmanned portion seems mostly complete, but the manned portion needs at least another year. It's full of bugs and glitches, there is absolutely no tutorial, explanation, or guide anywhere, and it's lacking a lot of immersion. The bugs range from being unable to attach a power cable properly to being flung across the Martian desert because you stood on said cable the wrong way. With no explanation in-game, on the walkthroughs through Steam, or on any forum for the game, every feature is hidden until you stumble across it and major components of the game are difficult to work out. It took me three hours to figure out how to assemble a structure, and I still have no clue what any of the various utilities do. The immersion problem is one they definitely won't fix, though, because they seem pretty happy with what they have: you can hear your astronaut's breath and heartbeat. All the time. Very loudly. Right in your ear. He also can't move any faster than a slow stroll, even on Earth, and can only run ten or twenty meters before getting winded. On the Moon, you would expect to do some cool Moon-style walking like in the NASA videos, but he just casually strolls from one place to another. I got to night-time on Mars (difficult because it's 1:1 timescale and there's no way to advance time, like sleeping or waiting) and expected some sort of awe inspiring view, but it was totally unimpressive. I was more impressed the first time I got a craft into orbit in Kerbal Space Program. I have the graphics all maxed out on a mobile GPU and I get 60 FPS - that means you're not trying hard enough.From my previous experiences with this developer, I know what to expect: a game with countless flaws that showed promise and is occasionally, for very short periods, brilliant. Arma was like that, Take On Helicopters was like that, and DayZ is like that. They're very ambitious, and that's admirable, but they have no tenacity, patience, or follow-through.If you get it on sale, like I did, you'll have a fun ten hours or so before deciding to just wait for the full release. But seeing as how they say that'll be in February, I'd say you should wait until the patch/update schedule has slowed a bit, because there should be a lot of them."
76561198032616734,Recommended,244030,19735261,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Bersul III,"The game status does not justified the price. Partial failures in game play disappointing the game feeling. (My opinion, while BETA Status of game)In my opinion some of the updates had presented a negative effect on game play instead of a announced fixing.However it presents a nice and accurate designed Mars surface.The Designer are planing a lot of possibilities to interact with Mars and as well with other celestic bodies, but it appears not consequently enough to fulfill all the planed features.The performance is sometimes smooth on older computer systems and then worser. My be it depends on my computer.It like be recommended after a final release."
76561198056205757,Recommended,244030,23553881,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,crossingmist20,At times it can feel tedious but overall I find the premiss of the game to be interesting and the content has only improved since I bought the game early last year.
,Recommended,244030,19134035,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Dubzy_TV LIVE !,not much to say only had it a few hours but would recommendplease update more and hope they dont give up on it has potential to be awesomebetter with playing with friends more fun
76561198013845587,Recommended,244030,20393468,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,:<{FT}>:Mollty,"THIS GAME IS A GOOD ONE, it is not the full game......but it is still fun"
76561198034205646,Recommended,244030,21386581,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Guihur,Have a bright future
,Recommended,244030,23526758,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Doggo,10/10 has bugs/lack of content but still the best mars sim ....
,Recommended,244030,28526439,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,KarisxmatikO,"You can take selfies on Mars, that's awesome enough for this game."
76561198086660273,Recommended,244030,21157939,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Thasan,Addictive...so addictive! 15 hours of gameplay....and thats from yesterday. on a workday....needless to say more!
,Not Recommended,244030,22135402,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Heppy,"Seemed Very Promising, Lots of Disconnects and Multiplayer issues. Very Sad, Seemed like it could be awesome."
76561198007892858,Recommended,244030,19065888,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Dennis,Excellent and vast realistic simulation of space exploration.
76561198132410019,Not Recommended,244030,21935714,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Loner,"apply lube liberally, ur taking a huge one from this game. most grindy slow buggy crappy game i've ever wasted my money on. i mean holy♥♥♥♥♥♥they cant even finish the tutorial correctly- it crashes your game."
,Not Recommended,244030,24163882,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Chrystair,"So, I got this game from the Steam Summer Sale, despite the mixed reviews.  I LOVED the concept, and hey, if it takes a little while to finish, that's fine.  I mean, I bought Kerbal Space Program back in it's beta when it had PLENTY of room to improve.  It turned out to be an amazing investment, and I'm counting on this one being the same as well.NOW, my problem is that I cannot start the game.  It crashes every time, and I have tried reinstalling it.  I have a fairly modern computer, so it isn't an issue of graphics or anything.  At this moment therefore, I cannot recommend it.  If the devs update the game and it works, I look forward to changing my review!"
76561198021205873,Recommended,244030,29860282,Posted: 11 February,all,follout,"Love this game. It was ment to be just rover game, but they added tons of new ideas that it has changed game completely.  I meet soo many awesome people on multiplayer.ToM  is now complete game but not so polished game. I can play it for hours and not encounter any bugs.And us who played this game form begining, know how much work has gone in this game and how much it has improved.If you love space, exploration and progres, give this game a try."
76561198084065754,Recommended,244030,30352695,Posted: 6 March,all,au Joy,"If your idea of fun is resource micro-management, and you don't mind the setting (alone on distant planet), and you don't mind 10-15 FPS in your base, and you don't mind a regular pattern of save/load, then you'll probably enjoy this game!"
76561198350512239,Recommended,244030,34866485,Posted: 10 September,all,Clone,"I really reccomend this game, and there's extensive gameplay. However, it does get a bit repetitive over time but overall it is quite enjoyable. I've had a few lag issues, but I think that's because I have a lot of games downloaded onto a potato PC. Again, I reccomend this game a lot."
,Not Recommended,244030,15043163,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,salmonmarine,"Lots of potential but I can't recommend it yet. I know its early access, but I'll change this review as soon as it advances enough for me to recommend it.It's clunky, and its boring. I love realistic space games (KSP, Orbiter) and I understand slow-paced methodical gameplay, but this is different - its boredom without any real satisfaction or feeling of reward. The system for managing resources is INCREDIBLY tedious, and topped off with controls that can best be described as ""butterfingers"". Also the design for the lander and some of the vehicles are very unergonomic and kill the 'realistic mars mission' vibe for me. However, the design of the 'truck' rover and the scout rover are excellent. The 'campaign' if you will is more polished, but the waypoint system is very confusing and it is still for the most part unrewarding and just not fun. The game is very atmoshperic though - especially the dust storms. The camera effects are a nice touch, it feels very real and is remarkably well done.So overall, a lot of potential, but don't buy it yet. Its too clunky and boring, but hopefully that will change before its final release."
76561198030166099,Not Recommended,244030,35256296,Posted: 28 September,all,Ohio Gamer,"Never liked this game from the begining. I dont know why I thought it would eventually end up being one of my favorites like KSP, but lol. no. Not eventually remotly close."
,Not Recommended,244030,35316609,Posted: 29 September,all,FarewellVHS,"The game seems really awesome (although probably too slow for most), but I got stuck on the tutorial twice and needed an online guide :P Love the detail and concept though.First, I couldn't figure out how to activate and take photos, so randomly pressing buttons I finally figured out it was C - instructions mentioned that before but it wasn't clear there.When it happened again - I followed the arm/head stone analyze directions, nothing was happening no matter what I did - I figured this game would be me slamming my head against the wall for what is supposed to be the basic commands."
76561198052841634,Not Recommended,244030,28210415,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,TerranTechnocrat,"It got extremely borning after a few hours, and everything became what felt like a pointless deathmarch. It is in no way worth the $20 it asks for."
,Not Recommended,244030,16417991,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Xuzrus,"I really wanted to like this game, but found the game was lacking, even for early access. The career mode has lots of missions, but so many of them are recycled. I would recommend the game if there would actually be a point in building.PROS:- Good potential- Physics worked much better than expected- It is fun, for a limited time.CONS:- Structure building is a pain. Even after getting used to the awkward rotation, constantly running back and forth from the ""3D Printer"" to the place where the part had to be was annoying. The parts are also very VERY specific in how they have to be placed together.- Carrer mode is a horrible grind, so many of the missions are recyled, and many of them simply involve watching a static drone. And by that, I mean literally watching the drone's camera feed as it crashes to Mars. Mission complete. Now do that 15 times.- Many of the Scenarios are fun, and have interesting objectives. The issue is that there is no reward of any kind for completion, nothing at all. It just feels pointless.- For trying to be serious about Mars exploration, some of the features are ridiculous (weird vehicles). The game goes from trying to be really serious about realism, to being more fantasy.- There's just no point yet. I understand that it's early access, but there is no goal of the game."
76561198083941746,Not Recommended,244030,30197229,Posted: 26 February,all,mcwynar182,"I have really enjoyed the game... till i've got FPS DROP AF!!I was forced to return game and ask for refund after 40min of play. Optimalization for this game is so damn poor that game itself is impossible to play!FOR DEVELOPERS!!!!Please do something about that FPS drop, everything is OK on the beggining, but after few missions i've got 5/10FPS at best!!If this will be repaired i can only recommended the game but for now ... sorry ... keep away from this till new patches or something what can fix the problem cames out.RegardS!"
76561198040873328,Not Recommended,244030,26128539,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Denneledoe,"great idea, poor execution, i would absoletely LOVE to see it in my library when it's fixed, and works properly, please bohemia, make it happen."
76561198098778490,Not Recommended,244030,34247101,Posted: 14 August,all,ArtsofCombat,"Fullscreen is still broken after it has been brought up in forums for years. When you go fullscreen the colors turn into a violent green and nothing is visible. There is physically no way to play in fullscreen because you cant read anything on screen and the colors will make you sick. No borderless widow mode so you have to play in a window and a very bad one at that. Even with the correct resolution, the game doesnt actually line up properly with the screen so trying to click the left side of the game doesnt work and if the click actually registers then the widow gets crammed to the right of your monitor and the cursor can only go halfway across the sreen. When the gameplay actually works its pretty good but there are too many annoying obsticles to overcome before you can even get to the gameplay. Until this game fixes the same issues it has had for years it isnt worth buying."
76561198075232662,Not Recommended,244030,32223507,Posted: 6 June,all,Dragonborn,"bugs. bugs everywhere. I touch a rock, i fall and become unconcious. Like every rock i touch.Nope, fix the game its unplayable."
,Not Recommended,244030,32120685,Posted: 1 June,all,Rico2,"In no way, shape, or form is this complete."
76561198119442488,Not Recommended,244030,23030763,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,jasonboyle100,"depressing waste of money, dont buy"
,Not Recommended,244030,25182764,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Gekkibi,"Might as well write this review after all these years.Bought a rover simulator in 2013, got yet another feature creep faffing around mess instead. In other words, the basic BIS concept: don't walk the walk, betray your original target demographic and demonstrate the meaning of the expression ""feature creep"". At least this time they can't use the excuse that developers were arrested on Mars..."
76561198047907192,Not Recommended,244030,23864928,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Thanatonaute,"Garbage, unfinished. full of bugs game. Dont waste your money on this piece of junk."
76561198128074168,Recommended,244030,33862003,Posted: 28 July,all,Spiretluke,If you want realistic survival this is the game to get.
76561198071598467,Recommended,244030,19109751,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,serassin,Nice game
,Not Recommended,244030,19225515,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,I WILL SHANK U ;3;,No idea how to play no tutoreal and no idea at all started campain and cant do nothing how do i get camra parts? i dont know! how do i start to buld in multyplayer? i dont know!!!
76561198057143458,Not Recommended,244030,18776131,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,mwoodland1504,"It really pains me to write a negative review of this game. The visuals are stunning, and it has the potiential to be a great game. Unfortunately, at this point in time, its not. Its full of annoying bugs.I've just spent the last hour playing the single player story line, started researching more advanced probes....then the game crashes, and its corrupted the entire save...gone. Won't be starting it again.The ""base building"" is so difficult to control in the scenario mode that I gave up and didn't bother any further. Its such a convoluted control system, and the parts are very hard to get aligned at just the right angle for them to snap together. This issue pretty much extends to the entirely of the control interaction within the game.In the early access version, over 75% of the tutorial videos are not accessable. This leaves the player to flounder around,and try to figure out what to do, and how. Surely, this is a rooky error?? Tutorial videos are there for a reason, so not having them is very counter productive.If all the issues were sorted out, it would be a very good game, but at this point, I think its £15 I would have rather spent on something else."
,Recommended,244030,6508144,"Posted: 3 August, 2013",all,Cleversaur™,Game Sucks i want a refund.
,Not Recommended,244030,15867485,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,craig.bottomley,"Early Access Review.I've currently got 24hrs+ on record of having played this. I haven't touched multiplayer and I probably won't either. The trailer looks really cool and it was that, that drew me to the game. Unfortunately after 24 hours of play I have yet to walk on mars. I am sat behind a desk sending probes, landers and rovers on missions. I'm going to be honest it's becoming dull. I thought the rover would add a little something extra, it does boredom. It moves so slow and you tend to have to travel hundreds of meters to your first point. Why? I don't know. the landing process is fairly surgical, so if it knows where I need to be stop putting the cross hundreds of meters away or put the missions on the landing map so I can choose where to land. i'm presuming more is yet to come but I repeat I have been playing this game for 24 hours.Please don't get me wrong. This game/simulator is very detailed and I appreciate the content. Unfortunately it's also becoming really boring. The best way I can sum up my thoughts on ""Take on Mars"" is... there's a note to say saved games may not be compatible with future updates. If I started it up and my saved game was incompatible. I would delete it and never play it again. I'm currently persevering through to hopefully get to the parts of the trailer that looked fun. If I had to play through 24 hours of mind numbing trundling across Mars. I would have to delete it."
76561198033801957,Recommended,244030,19853997,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA,Screw around on mars sim 2015 11/10 ign would screw around on mars again.
,Not Recommended,244030,21283067,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,mandouh,This is not a game. Its a trip to Mars. If you have a lot of time to waste it's for you. Graphics are good. The simulation looks accurate. But there is no game play whatsoever.
76561198040567293,Not Recommended,244030,18653208,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,VISION305,Like Dayz.... great idea but it seems the devs lose interest in the game and leave it in pre alpha for years and years with no real progress. I am losing faith in BI and will never buy anything in early access from them ever again.That said it is not really my job to judge the company itself but the product that they deliver. The product is just not good.
76561198030820033,Not Recommended,244030,29251657,Posted: 14 January,all,SweatyHandOfGod,"Update - 11/02/2017I've just downloaded the game's main release. It crashed after 5 seconds in the frontend.Oh well...------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Could have been a good game but it is incomplete. Too buggy. And they already call it ""RC"".Bohemia Interactive, you used to be a great studio."
,Not Recommended,244030,20791390,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Saturn-Ski,"Its a good game, it has a good future ahead, but :- It tanks your FPS, you basically need a high-tech PC- The physics are similair to farmin simulator 2013...- It's glitchy as hell,if i had a penny for every time i got killed from building, i'd be rich asf- The online community is one of the worst, in every single game i joined, some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ would attack me with a drill or run me over...if you're planning on getting this game, wait for a few updates. Let the devs optimise it a bit more, fix a few bugs, and you'll be golden"
76561198034628087,Recommended,244030,23243660,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,monsterparty,One of best sim I play so far.
,Recommended,244030,13143112,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Geocolumbus,"[UPDATED REVIEW]Take on Mars is one of the best examples of early access done well. I suggest you purchase a copy ASAP, and more or less for the manned program. The manned program is fun, and tutorials are coming soon. It should be easy to get into the game with the upcoming tutorials. See you on mars!"
,Recommended,244030,31743600,Posted: 14 May,all,TheChemicalReaction,"I personally think this is a great game, if not very buggy. It has so much to offer but there are a few issues.What I think is cool:Space Program Chapter 1 intro sequence when you get to control the Mars 3 probe and use its adorable Prop M rover.The ability to science the s**t out of the game and grow potatoes on Mars.Three different types of space suits for almost every occasion.A resource transfer system.An editor (which I have no real clue how to use).A fairly realistic oxygen simulation system.The ability to get oxygen out of Mars soil including but definately not limited to water.A singleplayer campaign to do once you've gotten bored of the first chapter.A British/Australian protoganist (for once).Vehicles.An unconscious system.Toilet and shower in the habitat.Realistic medical system or the ability to scan your freind to see their medical stats (I haven't actually tried this feature so I don't know if it actually works. But that blinky blue light has to have some purpose right?).Cooperative multiplayer.I honestly can't label them all because there's so many. However these are the things that I find rather irritating:I understand this game has to be realistic, but the moon's gravity.The tedious long stroll to the supply drops and the oxygen wasting walk back with the supplies.The possibility that your habitat could end up being slanted slightly to the side when it lands.You can't exit when the habitat is landing. Which I perfectly understand needs to be implemented but still.There's always a way to go unconscious.The most likely possibility that your potato seeds will die.Useless toilet and shower in the habitat.Sometimes when standing up in a tight airlock you noclip through the ceiling and start choking on CO2. Not to worry though, because you'll come back down.Solar events.Hardly any protection from solar events.Disturbing death screen showing a large human skull.Those are just some I can't remember but overall I think the devs did a nice job creating a Mars simulator. They did make Arma 3 after all right? Or am I mistaken?EDIT: It took me a few weeks to discover that there is in fact a ramp underneath the habitat where a buggy is stored. Plus some input and output slots for the module's resources."
76561198034298120,Recommended,244030,33557890,Posted: 15 July,all,DukeRobbo,This is a awesome game butPlease fix FPS dropsInternational SpaceStation 30 to 48 fpsMain menu 120FPSMars 60FPSMoon 70FPSControl Room 48FPSThis is an awesome game but please fix the FPS Drops that i have been getting
,Recommended,244030,31739493,Posted: 13 May,all,Karin,"I'm a huge Mars and space fan.I've been really happy with Take on Mars, although I did have to push through a few clunky UI challenges and google a few things early on.  But once I got them figured out it has been rewarding, and I do feel like I've accomplished something by surviving from day to day (playing the manned story mission so far).The graphics are good, although the engine is similar to ARMA and it can therefore be a bit of a beast to run at high frame rates.  Be warned (nVidia 1070, but I can tell it's CPU-bound on my i5-6500).Some reviewers commented about dying while going up stairs, rocks, etc.  This sometimes happens if you rush up them, and in a bulky spacesuit is probably very realistic!  You will need patience to play this game, as one would need exploring a planet in real life.Take on Mars is a simulator, and it is the best Mars ""experience"" I've ever tried.  Very few truly goofy paradigms for the sake of gameplay (although there are a few, but are easy to overlook).  There's also a great ISS scene that is apparently pretty accurate in its layout, and a few lunar missions too."
76561198029764161,Not Recommended,244030,20039167,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,MarkinaterX,Couldn't play game.  Gave it a change to be able to wait and play multiplayer when it was opened Dec 22nd 2015.  Game crashed more than I was able to play.  This is your warning!
76561198107885107,Not Recommended,244030,21323954,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,MattyBeard2,so after waiting so long for the game to finally be finished i couldnt wait to play it but yet again its still unplayable everytime it tries to autosave at a certain point it shuts the game down i have looked at all solutions to solve it but nothing it working i have seriously givin up on this game!!!!!
,Recommended,244030,34957081,Posted: 14 September,all,HHN_An-Aussie-Troop,this is a good game if you like resource managment aswell as exploring and building it may have bugs but all games have bugs and glitchs the movement maybe a little rigid  but so is arma 3's and 2's movement
,Recommended,244030,23936778,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Loofa,"Floating awayI don't know what to sayI'll say it anywayToday's another day to launch youFlying awayI'll be coming for your bugs, OK?Taaake oon maarsTake mars onIt'll be fixed in a day or twooo"
,Recommended,244030,19532440,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,nicknicknicknick,"We're talking awayI don't know what I'm to say, I'll say it anywayToday isn't my day to find you shying awayI'll be coming for your love, okay?Take on me(Take on me)Take me on(Take on me)I'll be goneIn a day or twoSo needless to say, I'm odds and endsBut I'll be stumbling awaySlowly learning that life is okaySay after me,It's no better to be safe than sorryTake on me(Take on me)Take me on(Take on me)I'll be goneIn a day or twoOh, things that you sayIs it a life or just to play my worries away?You're all the things I've got to rememberYou're shying away, I'll be coming for you anywayTake on me(Take on me)Take me on(Take on me)I'll be goneIn a day(Take on me, take on me)(Take me on, take on me)I'll be gone(Take on me)In a day(Take me on)"
,Recommended,244030,23019940,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Boobie Pillow,"Okay. So I purchased this game the day it came out into early access. Being from Australia I always planned that I'd be playing this game solo survival/doing the story mode (due to lack of servers with low ping).  So what I will talk about it stricly in terms of the offline experience.If you want a simple yes or no.... then my answer is yes. yes this game is worth purchasing. here is why.The story may not have the best voice acting, or the same plot twists and excitement as your average game of thrones season but it is enjoyable.  Almost like a little tutorial it shows the capabilities this game has and what it has to offer! Its hard to say anything without giving spoilersso I will simply say if you wanna try it. BUY it. you'll know if its worth the money for the campaign within a an hour or so :)THIS is where I get a bit upset. Stictly speaking there is no ""survival"" scenario... there was one on the steam workshop but that has since stopped being supported by the creator. what does this mean? well... you can do the scenarios. which ARE fun... dont get me wrong... but you dont have any ongoing experience with this game that really showcases the survival mechanics built into the genre of BEING IN SPACE :D the only mod that does this is EXTREMELY basic and only features one map area on mars.So in summary... here is what ill say. If you want to buy this game to play a story (both manned and unmanned) then get this game. If you wanna play it for multiplayer (make sure there are servers with players near you) then its worth it (from what I have heard and read). howerver, if you wanna play it for a solo survival experience then my suggestion at this point would be to hold off and wait for a sale. I think this game is still worth buying just for those scenarios and that mod... but if you're a cautious consumer then wait for the sale :)"
,Not Recommended,244030,16710889,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,k3k,fun game but multiplayer always crashes. Never really see any updates :/
76561198027461300,Not Recommended,244030,16542560,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,wingman2,Coop mode crash every 5 minutes
,Not Recommended,244030,22420453,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Tyberious,Well I had great fun with this game until I got my friend to buy it then when we played we all crashed constantly and wouldnt even walk properly and several other issues.  Early access for years and still no significant progress.  My review is now negative.
76561197989058837,Not Recommended,244030,12524032,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Johnman,"NOTE: This review does not apply to the multiplayer aspect of the game.This game sounds very attractive on paper, Sadly right now it's little more than a thematic tech demo. From a technical standpoint it's a great piece of software, but it's simply not engaging.Usually games, even though they might be hardcore (Orbiter, Dwarf Fortress, even KSP) make you feel rewarded when you achieve your goals. Even when those goals are self-imposed, you have a sense of achievement.Imagine setting out to land on Eve and take off in KSP, or gather enough diamonds in Minecraft to make yourself a full set of armor. The game knows nothing about your objectives, but it has built-in impedements that make you feel you are working for something, and the game is balanced in such a way that, the more crazy your objective, the more difficulties you will encounter. And besides that, you have different tools at your disposal, in a way that you feel you have the freedom to attack the problem from different angles.Take on Mars feels like you are just following a fixed list of steps (missions are exactly that actually) in order to put a checkbox in your to-do list and move to the next item. You have very little room to improvise or be clever about how you approach the missions, and the hardships you encounter are just not interesting nor really challenging.As someone who has spent hundreds of hours playing the hardcore space flight sim Orbiter I would never have imagined a game like this would bore me. But sadly it does.The research tree is very rich, and the mechanics of building and deploying vehicles are rock solid. Perhaps the problem is the game is too linear for a sandbox.I'd wait until the developers fulfilled their vision for the game completely before buying it. Wait and see mode."
76561198085137071,Not Recommended,244030,10195300,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,rsp355,Does not support common graphics cards and controls could use some work.
,Not Recommended,244030,15759816,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Flasken,Maybe a little too early access. I think I've been able to play around 10 minutes of gameplay in total after an hour of trying with the constant crashes I'm experiencing.
76561197980965158,Not Recommended,244030,15756714,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Lonewolf,Total crap. The advert shows better graphics that the actual game. Passed that game play is nonexistent. Thank god I got this on sale. At early access I expect bugs and poor graphics. However the basic overall game play concept should be clear. This is a mess of half finished ideas. For all the hype this is no Kerbal Space Program meets Space Engineers. It is resounding game play failure.  At this stage in ealy access there might be a last update to improve the game. However it has already started to systematically miss almost all the targets that the developers had set.
76561197970419916,Not Recommended,244030,15416556,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Fus,Scenarios don't work.Main mission is tedious.keys can't be remapped in 'human' mode.It's Alpha.Will report back after next update.If you want a game that just makes your library bigger then buy it otherwise ... I can't recommend it yet.
76561198136495715,Not Recommended,244030,33774986,Posted: 24 July,all,Kryzzk,"Cons:* Only one type of Suit, an EVA suit so your charactor is very slow and it takes a long time to do the simplests of tasks.* Storage containers hold much less than real containers today requiring you to have a large number of them and change them often.* Radiation Levels spike to lethal levels for about 5 min forcing you inside every 15 min (give or take).* No other Atmospheric dangers other than radiation and a non-breathable atmosphere.* No way to depressurize the inside of a base forcing you to have to wait in the airlock evertime you come in and out while moving supplies inside or out.* Mods are required to allow the player to have a more realistic power supply, storage ect.* Limited world size, you can not travel all over mars you are limited to one area.* Random bugs that force you to start over, Like dieing when you lay down or sometimes when you eat, tripping and your charactor can't get up without falling right away again. ect.* Seems based on the movie ""The Last Martion"" as the only food you can grow without mods is Potatos.Pros:* It's a Challange.* Requires the player to prioritise each action by Benifit and need over cost and time.* Sandbox Style Gameplay allowing the player to build how they want for the most part.* A decent sized modding community supporting the game with mods that make gameplay better.* A helpful community willing to take time to help you figure out any problem you are having.Over all:Take on Mars is not a bad game as such, it does however feel unfinished to me. I feel that the game needs a lot of work, there are a lot of Pre-Alpha and Alpha level bugs in the game that should have been addressed but are still there.I would not buy the game again at full price, but I will continue to play it."
,Not Recommended,244030,22669705,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Timai,"This game is early access, and i do not reccomend it to any people out there thinking of buying it. I have been playing this game for 8 hours and i realy am dissapointed (i would handle it if it had autosave), this game crashes every 10-20 min and everytime i forget to save it my work dissapears. Game has too many bugs i will wait a few updates. So lets get to singleplayer -- it seems fine everything working but boring af; multiplayer -- Join random session = walk backwards + Crashes; Create session = Crashes, no autosave, walking seems to be fine, no people to play with"
76561197970680484,Recommended,244030,25055253,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Shane,"Early Access Review (first impressions)Okay played very little the game is a kinda timeline experience of what it takes to get from launching early technology style probes that have little more than a camera attached to them, right the way across to sending man to mars.This review is based on very little experience but so far its inrtriguing rather than compelling, i have opted to use real time gameplay and my first batch of research takes between 2-10hrs meaning for the next two hours i have nothing to do beyond looking at the screen. literally !!the other time options allow you to fast forward the game, and...you can skip this stage and jump right into the manned missions, or play some preset kind of campaigns if you so wish, then come back to the campaign, you can also log of the game for the whole 10hrs (depending on time mode selected) and research will continue without your presence.so in the first few hours im bored, but interested to see whats in store !!i also ran through the training campaigns, and so i have witnessed a little of the crafting style aspects of the game which dont exactly win awards, its most certainly about the mars experience, than being a game of survival in my view at this point. for example most things can be made on a printer without the need of resources, which is just dull to be honest.im going to recommend at this stage because honeslty whilst not jumping around with excitment just yet, im really interested where this will head as development goes on and so forth. If your a complete space nutjob, im convinced you will love this like a nerd likes highgrades, adrenaline junkies not so much"
76561198040337092,Not Recommended,244030,28258958,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Tommy Lee,O man. I have it for ages now and as you can see only 40 hours total play time. I have never regret that I spent my money on that. Loaded with bugs and damn game constantly changing views on her own.Never again.I wish i could ask for refound now....
76561198138437297,Recommended,244030,29864862,Posted: 11 February,all,dave.goodwin.email,"If you're a fan of the Space Program and you're not looking for an action game, this may be the one for you.  Lots of folks are reporting issues but my installation is working near perfectly.  I have only one minor issue, easily worked around, with a black screen when disconnecting from a vehicle and returning to Mission Control.  Saving the game, dropping to the menu and restarting fixes it.  Outside of that, I've had no crashes nor experienced any other bugs.  I'm still early in the Space Program, so maybe that will change, but for now it's $27 well spent.Congrats on a nice job Devs!"
76561198062903422,Not Recommended,244030,17069446,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Torque,"Peice of Garbage!Full of crashes, glitches and bugs.-Spend more time dieing becuse you glitched into the floor and got launched to orbit!-Objects esially glitch out and get sent farr out into the desert.-Glitching sometimes prevents objects form working properly.Overall I was not able to build a hab due to the frequent crashes and glitches."
76561198054579108,Not Recommended,244030,22618904,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,korma,"Lots of bugs need to be fixed before multiplayer is playable. Currently, anyone that joins faces inverted controls, constant lagging out, mysterious jumping. It basically makes MP unplayable and unenjoyable. These should be real easy fixes and should be of top priority. Until these bugs and others are fixed, I'm going to have to give this a negative review."
76561198131564486,Not Recommended,244030,28092621,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,ChaMPioN,"Sürekli crash veriyor, senaryo save dosyasını yüklerken hata alıyorsun çok problemli kısacası bohemia...always crash, when load save crash, it is very bugs..."
,Recommended,244030,29942445,Posted: 15 February,all,Staalby,Breathing Simulator 2017
,Recommended,244030,29989115,Posted: 17 February,all,Sevenduster,"Regarding the price it's a nice game. Especially in the beginning. But then comes a looooooong booooring phase where you drive miles and miles with your veeeeery slow rovers on the surface of the mars, doing all the same tasks over and over again: Drive to point a, extend roboarm, scan, retract arm. Drive again. If you don't mind spending 3-4 hours watching a rover drive in slowmotion over a waste planet because you are a sim-fan, than this is for you. After that, it becomes interesting again when you finished the robo-phase of the game."
76561197989813957,Not Recommended,244030,28921692,Posted: 1 January,all,bgrant,This has all the makings of a good game but sadly its not. The interface and mechanics are just to overly complex and convoluted. Play in lan on survival should have been great but bugs and the mechanics take all the fun out of it and make survival impossible. This game could use another year in alpha / beta but I dont think the developer gets it so I most likely wouldnt help.
76561198044588548,Not Recommended,244030,23291705,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,peanut,"Play KSP, This game is a scam"
76561198126157206,Not Recommended,244030,19987406,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Sportaflop,"This game is broken. it is not ready and clearly rushed. I only played the scenarios for about 40 minutes and it is so bad. The ai characters have invisable bodys, airlocks are impossible to manuver, and its almost unplayable. This game has great potenital but its a wast of money right now."
,Not Recommended,244030,22919608,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,GuntGunt,"This game looks to be good, but there are so many bad things about the game and it is so time consuming.one of the bad things about the game is that you can't find out anything about the next objective. With some games it railroads you but this one is like pokemon when you resume a save game a month later."
76561198042175608,Not Recommended,244030,18507594,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Captain_Deadpool,"I would not recommend this game yet, it has a long way to go.I am a big fan of open world creative games and this looked amazing but after playing it, it really gets frustrating.The big thing that takes away the fun is the building, I mean thats sort of a big part of open world creative games right? Building in this game is slow and I dont mean minivan slow we are talking rascle scooter up hill with a 500 pound person slow. you want to build a base, cool, go ahead, but it will take you years, you build it 1 block at a time and you can create 1 block at a time on your 3D printer, yes you can make several 3D printers to speed things up, but each makes 1 block at a time and it takes from 30 seconds to 5 minutes each create the blocks. Now lets say the base you want to make has a simple 1000 blocks, after some math you will realize you are better off building your own mars mission in your back yard with sticks. Once you have the block you want then the ""fun"" part of trying to get it to line up where you want it. People that say its not that bad, true there are worse games, but if you think its not that bad, walk across the room in thbe starter mission without sufficating, go ahead, I'll wait. THats a bug thats still there how long after early access relese?"
,Recommended,244030,22833702,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,|TGA|✠PepeTheCarolean✠,"Its a great game, i dont know why i re-funded it."
76561198010922636,Not Recommended,244030,15896763,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Dr. Dockballs,"Was hoping to learn something, but there's too much grind in between interesting points."
,Not Recommended,244030,16532591,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Captain Bailey,"A currently unplayable, buggy mess, made even more worse by the fact I can't get a refund on it, since I spent more than 2 HOURS trying to see what I could fixPros+decent space game+nice SPCons-YOU WILL CRASH-MP is a laggy, unplayable mess-You'll never get a refund"
76561198085097303,Not Recommended,244030,16542699,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,mrFlaco,Nice concept. however here is a list of problems the game has that I would like seen fixed.-THE GAME CRASHES A LOT. About every 10 minutes. fix this please.-Add a auto-save feature. Right now you need to save manualy and with the constant crashing problem this is an issue.-Make it easier to manage objects you are holding. Right now it's very tedious and slow.-Sometimes I can jump through cellings.Right now I can't give this game a positive review but if you fix these problems then will change it.
76561197985316185,Not Recommended,244030,18471464,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,[7GR]GreenGiant,"I know I know it is early access, but when you release an update for power cables and they just refuse to connect at one end but fine at the other it just infuriates you.  I'm going to wait a while longer until they fix the bugs, you can't charge nearly £16 for something that clearly isn't close to ready."
76561198292677815,Not Recommended,244030,28399724,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,jasterisk,"It seems the 32 bit ver. is inoperable on Windows 10. I select the normal mode and I get nothing but white screen. The developer mode barely works. I wonder if the have the 64 bit ver available, b/c so far this game has been pretty much incompatible and moreso with the updates. There is a a free moon-walking astro-mission game that I've had  tons more enjoyment out of."
76561197969287191,Recommended,244030,20195026,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,piddlefoot,"OMG if you like technical and realistic to a point, this game is for you, TAKE THE TIME TO DO THE TRAINING COARSE , it makes all the difference, very very pretty game, eye watering stuff, I have a GTX 980 and i7 5960 8 core, runs perfect on it, and should, game is not a fast paced shoot em up, but a technical marvel, and really lets you appreciate the efforts humans must go through to do ANYTHING of our planet,It has some fantastic missions, the developers have really excelled in this area, using real NASA missions and shaping the missions around such, they have added KAOS, yes MaxWellSmart would be turning in his grave, if he had one, lol,Some kaotic events that make the game very interesting, lots of exploration, flying ships and other heavy equiptment, all alot of technical fun.Definately  recommend this game, much fun exploring stuff, very different in the way this game has been created, a unique look into the world of NASA and its astronaughts and the complexities of space travel.8 out of 10"
76561198093601128,Not Recommended,244030,20052767,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Horne Lord,Really wanted to like this game but I didn't - bags of potential!
76561198051297945,Not Recommended,244030,28154015,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Hyperion: Titan of Light,"The game is broken. It is nearly impossible to learn the controls, it takes forever to complete missions, it is super easy to ""run out of money"", then the game is over and you have to restart. It crashes and of course you have to start over. Total garbage."
76561198060559557,Not Recommended,244030,15990315,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,[ST] Drayko,"When I first bought this game a long time ago, everything seemed to work fine. All the maps work both Mulitplayer and Single Player. I never had any bugs or trouble with the game on my part then. But within the past year after all these updates both major and minor, little to nothing works anymore. I cannot play any of the scenarios. Even career mode no longer works for me. The maps will not load other than the ground templates. Any and all objects that are supposed to be on the maps WILL NOT spawn. I have tried everything from starting new saves, to removing workshop addons. I've even uninstalled the whole game and reinstalled it a few times now. Nothing has fixed the issues I'm having. Not sure if it was an update or something in my PC, but I cannot recommend this game when it doesn't even work anymore."
76561198129655689,Not Recommended,244030,15976808,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Bravo,the key for building very buggy!!!!!!!!!! not impressed!!!!!!!! rotation and flip dose not work and setting custom keys dose not work. really not impressed
76561198138334298,Recommended,244030,30912355,Posted: 2 April,all,goaliesj,if you cant launch the game open the launcher and disable all the addons that should help
76561198216960521,Recommended,244030,31900444,Posted: 22 May,all,ing.miguel.martel,Excelente Game
,Recommended,244030,31982680,Posted: 26 May,all,RealityAskew,"Okay how in the heck can someone give this a bad rating?  This game is hella fun and very challenging.  The immersion is beyond really anything else I've experienced.  When you wake up and your helmet is leaking, you honestly have to move your♥♥♥♥♥or perish and that sense of urgency is throughout the game.   I'm not going to give away anything here, but when you get to the MAV and make your 3D printer, just be very sure you don't throw out any resources.  You will need almost every single bit of them to make the stuff you need to just START making other stuff."
76561198031193606,Not Recommended,244030,17558697,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Shadowing,"Not very intuitive, multiplayer seemed like it wasnt like single player and didnt seem to include money, research.."
76561198008299910,Not Recommended,244030,17576452,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Alien Lex,"I am a big space nerd, particularly love Kerbal, and just couldnt get into this game.Being a person on Mars seems like it is end game.I played up the the point where you have to drive unmanned rovers around on the surface and I just couldnt take it - they are SO SLOW, and if you miss a point you were supposed to sample or photograph having to drive back pretty much doubles the torture.To be clear, the game looks great, acts great and would be great for a more patient person.If this changes with an update, someone please let me know!"
76561198055527644,Not Recommended,244030,18398203,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,matmoos,if you like bugs you will like this doors are to small you have to crouch to go use wallking well to slow most of the time so a lot moure worke is neaded on multy player this is a pice of crap shame loked promsing wate at least 5 years befour thinking of geting this as in this state worth no mour than a pound no mour wat are theas gise thinking we i can walk to the shop and back in the time i talkes to take ten steps it not my system amd 8 cour 16 gi ram  and nvida gravisx
76561198002457728,Not Recommended,244030,18403510,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,chrisriches36,"This is a game that's in desperate need of some kind of tutorial. You start the game and you're plunged straight in at the deep end with no clue about what does what, or what you're meant to do?? I bought this game in the early access stage and i've given up and come back to it several times, hoping for an update that might give me some clue how to play it, but i'm still none the wiser. It would also be much easier if there was gamepad support, sure it's in the options menu, and I selected it and xbox controller prompts appeared on the screen, but then you start playing the game and the controller does nothing!"
,Not Recommended,244030,16871229,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Antalous,"The game looks awesome, however I have tried it on 2 separate computers and it just doesn't play right. Objects don't even seem to load and it is laggy as can be. I really hope I can change this review later because it looks amazing and has so much potential but in its current state I just can't recommend it."
,Not Recommended,244030,14927622,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Tesla,"I wish I didn't have to give it bad review, but for what it cost and what you get, I wish I hadn't of bought it. Mabey get it on sale or wait a while, but this got me bored real fast, and I do love simulation games like this. It is more of an educational tool for homeschooling parents than a game. Very realistic though. Mabey thats the problem.TL;DR... If you want a game, then no. If you want to learn, then yes."
76561198072380091,Not Recommended,244030,13356888,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,whatdoesthisbuttondo?,"While the basic idea of this game is terrific, the execution is lacking in major ways. I really hope the developers continue to shape the main aspects of this game, as the concept does have a lot of potential.The big issue in my point of view, and why I'd not recommend it at this time:Very linear gameplay, for an exploration game it lacks the ""open world"" feeling. This is immediately evident when you execute your first mission, you can see a rectangular plane of mars, your mission area, floating in the void of space, in the early descent phase.The career part is mission based, so instead of conducting free-form exploration, the player launches a vehicle to perform a very specific set of tasks.The first ten missions you will launch for example consist of nothing more than selecting a point on the map, launch the vehicle, look at the descent phase, wait for the ""exploration accomplished"" info to pop up, and immediately disconnect from the vehicle as the mission is done even before you touch down.The next couple of missions involve you actually waiting until touchdown, activate one instrument, and disconnect.The vehicle design suffers from similar issues, it is just way too linear. You basically select a chassis, stick some instruments in predefined slots, without any real freedom in design.I really want to like this game, and in fact I do not regret investing the 15 bucks as it might get somewhere someday, but at this time there simply does not come up any real fun playing this."
76561197995659501,Not Recommended,244030,25905913,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,gludar,Just awful.  Thank god for steam refunds.
,Not Recommended,244030,34451869,Posted: 23 August,all,lunkerlander,"This game is really bad. Not fun and not realistic. Boring. I love space simulators, and thought that this would be great. However, it feels like an Alpha Build not a full release."
76561198123145649,Not Recommended,244030,15200403,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Ziomus,Game crashes after launch any mission one player or multiplayer .... this sucks
76561197981973115,Not Recommended,244030,15767866,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,hyoko,"Just another of Bohemia's playground with 3rd-party engine, paid from customer's pockets. Development activity looks mostly like defibrillator's discharges on dead body. If you want to know how active development looks like - look at Space Engineers, or Kerbal Space Program. This will be abandoned half-way without declared dead, as they did with Take on Helicopters, Carrier Command and Arma Tactics. And when Arma 4 is out, they charge you for space combat DLC or something."
76561198045136516,Not Recommended,244030,32415376,Posted: 14 June,all,Abednego,"TL;DR:BIS has consistently ignored AMD users across all their games and engines, seach the forums and find out. There is no way around it. This game is pretty good, though, just relatively unplayable on AMD CPUs (FX series).Great game, it's now a long way from the early access title I played a long time ago. The crafting is one of the best I've ever seen (breaking down mined materials into basic elements is great, bonus points for proper law of conservation).It is VERY slow paced, so be prepared for lots of slowly walking around in the manned missons.I own most of BIS (Bohemia Interactive) games, and I'm a huge fan of all of them, I will, however mark this as a negative review for a simple reason: the game is launched now and mission 6 is UNPLAYABLE on the FX8530 with a GTX1060 (10-14fps). This is not new for BIS, and that's why, despite being a huge fan, I am shelving all their games and didn't buy any expansions/dlc for ArmA3. I hope they get their stuff together soon, but if the history in the other ArmA games is anything to go by, all we are getting is a huge ""deal with it"" from the DEVs."
76561197997042170,Not Recommended,244030,32478344,Posted: 16 June,all,Vaulcan,"unless your a modder and can do code etc then the game ends once you build an outpost and a greenhouse. there is no reason to explore (theres nothing out there that isnt allready at your feet). Should never have came out of Alpha, wish it had more CONTENT, very little science at all!the HOLE manned side is just a bare bones builder game. modders can take this to better places but yet again so can the dev's ( but its been mostly dropped) the communitty will have to add anytning more from here i guess...bored.com"
,Not Recommended,244030,16141601,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Fr0sty,Its alright for an early access game. Definitely has potential. Wouldn't say it's worth $17 in its current stage unless you are super into simulators.
76561198013624521,Not Recommended,244030,14461854,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,LastTrick,Extremely repetitive.
,Recommended,244030,20431079,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Skinny Pete,YOU can fly!
,Not Recommended,244030,19211006,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Tadswana,"bought in a moment of post-""The Martian"" euphoria. Now I just feel cheap and dirty."
,Not Recommended,244030,22750089,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,BailsBach,"This is probably not the game for you if you enjoy waiting atleast a year for an update. Stay far away... FAR, away.Update -It's now released, so I re-downloaded the game on my new computer - oh wow. First manned scenario, found a bug / glitch which flung me in the air. Got back to the objective, then the scripts failed and reset my progress even though I was at around the 10th checkpoint. Now uninstalling, thanks for waisting 30 minutes of my life trying to get back into this game.No new content has been added since the electricity update - that was more than a year ago - I want to know what they've been doing for the past year and a half...probably jerkin da gerkin :/4/10.Nice idea, one of the first space / manned exploration games with survival.Buggy mess, overpriced, learning curve."
76561198093616399,Not Recommended,244030,22752036,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Inconspicuous Salmon,this game has a lot of bugs and crashes and you can't even enjoy playing with friends because of buggy controls or an action you preform crashes it DONT WASTE YOUR TIME
,Not Recommended,244030,23130578,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,real papa blesszed(foop),"To be honest this game has no purpose.You load in to the game and build♥♥♥♥♥♥The most intertainment i got from this was playing the mini games in the menu area.It would be a good game if it werent in constant disrepair or if it wasnt made by complete money sceheming jackasses whom sit in a room and think of what they can buy with all the money the've made scamming people of a game.TL:DR dont buy this worthless trash,It sure looks interesting but after about two hours it gets so boring that you will want to claw your eyes out.Not to mention the constant crashing and restarts you will need to do anything in this pile of trash.my opinion: How do you take such an interesting topic and make it this trash.Aliens seeing this game will be so mad that this trash is on the market they will invade us."
76561198028417630,Not Recommended,244030,17086299,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Lancedulak,"Im a noob. So take this with a grain of salt.  I bought this based on the description and some reviews. WOW. What a mistake. I tried hard to like it.. then i tried to endure it. It was just too much to bear (bare?)  Do you like point and click adventures ... where you have  to grind while pointing and clicking? Would you like something like space engineers or kerbal without the.. well you know ability to build things, do things you want that arent prescribed.. or you know.. do anything but click on point a youre supposed to click on then b then c? This is the game for you. I'm disappointed in myself for falling for hype. I thought at LEAST you would be able to really explore our solar system based on actual data or at least the creators take on those place. Nope. Well you can land probes at predestined spot and see pictures of red sand or  whatever. yay. DO not buy this game . Dont feed ripoff artists."
,Recommended,244030,26243361,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,mrtagnan,10/20 sad that you cannot beat up Mars
,Recommended,244030,23789126,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,B1 Battle Droid,MARK WATNEY APPROVED
,Not Recommended,244030,15558872,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Casull,Not worth buying at this moment. Random chrashes and laggy mutliplayer makes this nearly unplayable.Cant recomend at this moment.
,Recommended,244030,7942937,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,=ADK= SLIMJIMMONSTER™,"just stunning. the devs are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s but the have done very good at this being a simulator, now the mars walking thing they have in the game is very hard and will make you rage but ehh still love it7/10"
76561198124334643,Not Recommended,244030,20478219,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,sldii123,"DO NOT GET THIS GAME!!! It will kick you out everytime in multiplayer maps. the servers are only player servers and it also lags with very bad connections. it was a waste of my money lean from my mistake and do not get this game. It looks pretty and works great for over 6 hours then crashes everytime you play and plus, you can not have a lot on the maps cause then you start lagging very bad."
,Not Recommended,244030,24183660,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,✔️ TrueDeviL™,"Right now I can't reccomend this game to ANYONE, not even my worst enemy..It's just badly done, you die randomly for sometimes absolutely no reason, like the lift kills you when you use it, because it's badly coded..Base building is next to useless, the parts don't even fit together properly, either due to the terrible multiplayer coding, or due to they are just not 3D modelled corectly, or bad game design..You spend hours trying to make an outpost, and it just don't work, there are gaps in between the panels, because the auto-snap system is crap..JUST DON'T BOTHER BUYING IT!IF.. and that's a massive IF it's fixed upon release, and it all works corectly, I may change my review, but for now, don't waste your money!"
,Not Recommended,244030,28115456,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Death_Squad,"Take on Mars has 2 fatal flaws i think.1, Its difficult to learn the mechanics, you'll have to play thru the tutorials2. its slow to progress/very tedius/repetitive3. Its easy to ♥♥♥♥ up by running out of funds, if you run out of funds then thats it, you got to restart your game.And the main menu makes me dizzy and motion sick :(Pro: The devs recently added the manned missions."
,Not Recommended,244030,15991635,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,William Williams,Interminably dull. An exercise in boredom.
76561198022000101,Not Recommended,244030,18504657,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,msmith12076,This game has been in the development stage for years now. Much content is still incomplete. Game crashes often once you get to the point where the game becomes interesting. Then you can't load save games either. Developers must be working on this part time. Has great potential but fails miserably. I won't buy another of their games. Great graphics though. So sad!
,Not Recommended,244030,17591732,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,PapaChef,"Ill be honest. This game has some serious potential, good developers, good concept, BUT, it is nearly impossible to get into. Sure, if you spent all day and looked at dozens of guides and tutorials, practiced, and dedicated your entire day to learning it, maybe it would make more sense. But for a dumby like me who just wants to chill and play a game in my spare time, its difficult to really play this game for more than 10 minutes without getting a headache. It might be a good game, but reviews are about whether or not I would reccomend it, and I would not. If you want a mars game similar to this, I would reccomend Sol 0. Its not first person, but it is still very interesting."
76561198040922205,Not Recommended,244030,31849383,Posted: 19 May,all,rozakhary83,","
76561198034100405,Not Recommended,244030,25974168,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,[RIP] Eazy,Basically dying constantly for no reason that is ever explained to you in game. Awful game design on such a good idea. Pity.
,Not Recommended,244030,29816497,Posted: 9 February,all,Levi,It is a meh game. It needs a lot of work still and they need to allow multiplayer dedicated servers.
76561198121066809,Not Recommended,244030,22999746,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,horsebrackets,It sure crashes a lot.
76561198088471690,Not Recommended,244030,25663188,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Bionicwookie,Horrible.
76561198021226205,Not Recommended,244030,15748744,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,treycox33,I wanted to like this game; but it is so bad. Glad I didn't spend much on it though.
76561198152360372,Recommended,244030,29422954,Posted: 22 January,all,scotfusion,"Awesome game! Everything by Bohemia Interactive, is absolutely amazing and groundbreaking! Great job! Again!"
,Not Recommended,244030,17653728,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,DEIN FUHRER,♥♥♥♥e pile of horrible crapness if they payed me to i might play it
12345678910111314,Not Recommended,244030,18411991,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Rax,♥♥♥♥♥KSP
,Not Recommended,244030,23291959,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Riley2142,Never left Early Access
,Not Recommended,244030,19940534,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Major Wibble,Thank god for Steam refunds the game is no where near finished or worth money.
76561198020015111,Not Recommended,244030,19694120,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,2017ChargerR/T {IEI},Seemed boring..
76561198074284927,Not Recommended,244030,18338677,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,G.Mitchell,It has amazeing gameplay but it crashis on random things for no reason at all very very VERY many bugs.
,Not Recommended,244030,17712653,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,triumphion,"Now of course, this game is in early access, Which, I do understand. Things will be a bit buggy, but this game was full of bugs I encountered, as well as actually getting the hang of the game, which I still didn't after 2 hours. Sure, I played with some people but when I played with them, I felt absolutely useless because it was impossible to understand how to actually play, Now for the bugs. OK so, this game was a waste of money, in my opinion. For bugs: When I was joining a server, I clipped out of the lobby thing somehow(WTF?) and then when I actually got to the map, I was trying to help, and the game got so laggy. And then, while I was printing something I got stuck so that I couldn't move. After wasting 30 minutes, I just decided to leave. Of course, in some peoples eyes, this game will be fun, but not in my eyes. I will gladly change my review later on if the game gets better. But yes, I understand that this is in early access, but early access will not change my point of view on the game. They decided early access, I decided thumbs down. Thank you, have a nice day devs."
76561198076626233,Not Recommended,244030,11769955,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,-Prometheus-,after almost 70 hours i am fed up with driving those blasted rovers......
76561198252448432,Recommended,244030,29719553,Posted: 5 February,all,awesomeguy101,"This game is GOOD! So far all I have done is played the begining of the campain and do a few rounds of multiplayer. The game has good mechanics such as (COOL) airlocks, setting up a base, the construction in general is very cool (using a 3D Printer to make a larger 3D printer to get larger suits, supplies, ect.), and the interactive side of the game is to intercative. (I dont think thats bad XD) Take on Mars is an amazing game and its worth 22$. 11/10 would let proper australian mate die again."
,Not Recommended,244030,16342552,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Indiferente Jack,"Play the game, try to survive against the most powerful enemy of all games, bugs. You can try to run or stand still, bugs catch you, no matter what you try and do not worry if you survive, the game will crash and you will be happy with your money well spent, God Save the Early Access! (best game of rover simulator, try to select unistall after 10 minutes)."
,Not Recommended,244030,19899992,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,monkey,How do you deploy a poptent?
,Not Recommended,244030,16936201,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Armoredwarwolf,my game keeps stoping some times i get Enforce engine
,Not Recommended,244030,18244486,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,blizace,This game isnt even worth $5 let alone $30. Old school menu styles that are slow and painful to use.  NO CHARACTER MOVEMENT
76561198154713398,Not Recommended,244030,16837342,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Cybertech345,"Horrible game wasted $19.99. Controls, tutorials, Graphics really suck. I thought Dayz was bad this is worse.Controls in Russian.??"
76561198032549549,Not Recommended,244030,26005939,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,fab1973,Don't buy it . Game is clearly just an idea of a game not a real game. No serious development . Another ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t addition to the gaming landscape buy Bohemia interactive
,Not Recommended,244030,22952831,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,[BWC] IdjitKicker aka WellArmed,"What a piece of junk...random camera shifts for no reason, no tutorials, this is just stupid."
,Recommended,244030,29924368,Posted: 14 February,all,ColdAtrophy,0/10. Not enough drum mags and how do I get to NWAF? /s
76561198190716727,Not Recommended,244030,21877452,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,juliemeowmers,"Damn, I want my money back. I didn't realize it was a dudebros only club. That's some 1960's antiquated Sci Fi thinking there.I went on a forum to see about why there isn't a female player option and the few comments I did see were quite matter of factly 'it's a low priority'.  Um.... ♥♥♥♥ you? Way to tell half the gaming demographic they're a low priority.Heck, I'd volunteer to do the voice acting if that would help, but then they'd lose an excuse. It's not as if the male voice acting is winning any awards.  A passionate volunteer with a quality mic and a pop filter, can easily do about the same."
,Not Recommended,244030,29124308,Posted: 8 January,all,Oversoul,"Do not buy. Plays like a $5 pre-alpha to advert a kickstarter, nowhere close to a $22 ""release candidate.""These remarks apply to ""Robotics"" career.I bought this yesterday and binge played it for over 12 hours. I started with a Robotics career, I haven't touched the manned career that Manley showcased in his video that inspired me to purchase Take On Mars.- It's very easy to go down a path that leaves you with no more viable missions, and not enough money to progress down the tech tree to a point where the game spawns more missions.- the surface is littered with side missions, but you cannot just send a vehicle down to do them. You have to be seeing a big main mission to launch a vehicle at.- If you want a scarred forehead from slamming it into the keyboard, this is definitely the game for you.- I build my first rover after the third restart of a career (tech tree, and mentioned mission issue). Upon launch, the vehicle flipped radically and parts broke off as the chute deployed. (the player does not control maneuvering, it is scripted at this point). The rover free falls to the surface, crashing. This repeated six times with various builds to see if it was my fault.- Expect to spend six hours of play in your first career figuring out what not to do.- Expect to spend twelve hours of play in your second career, getting a little bit further, but hitting a similar block further on.- Expect to spend... no forget it.In summary, this game does not play like a ""release candidate."" I get the sense that Take On Mars is a money farming mission for the developer company to generate a new engine for their Armed Assault line, which desperately needs multi-core CPU and GPU support. Take On Mars could have been a fun title, but it's not a $22 experience. It is a frustrating series of dead ends, messed up careers, and buggy robot deployments. Avoid this title until is matures (it hasn't done so in three years). This title suffers from an obvious lack of QA work in terms of bug stomping and play ""fun factor,"" something this company is notorious for. Even with their policy of de-centralizing testing, in other words, letting the community test it, this title has essentially been in community testing for over two years, and this resultant game is COMPLETELY UNSATISFACTORY."
76561198047945202,Not Recommended,244030,34050209,Posted: 5 August,all,AstroNOT,"So one day I decided to play Take On Mars after not playing it for quite a while so I installed this game and it said I had an Illegal copy even though I bought it for REAL money that I got for my birthday still a good game but untill then 3/10 Because I got a ""Illegal copy"""
76561198000892258,Not Recommended,244030,18720447,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Natarthos,This game was listed as a MMO but the actual only MMO capability is if you do a LAN or I guess Internet based game and invite people which is NOT the same thing as a MMO.
,Not Recommended,244030,15791332,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Anders,"omg, felt like I was playing a commodore 64 game, ok maybe it gets better but i don't think I will play this game."
,Recommended,244030,31709630,Posted: 12 May,all,IchaTV,It's still better then DayZ
76561198126431754,Not Recommended,244030,14686654,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Witold Pilecki,"Well if your patient or if you want to waste 18$ and ours of your time, im mean seriously is this a game. I spent my entire time playing this game to get a rover, THERES NO POINT! I play Kerbal space program,couple extra bucks... but sooo mouch better i play and play, even though i dont even no that much watching as the shuttles fly into the air is what i like. I dont want to judge but come on, the is so many amazing games out there on steam. And this aint one of them."
,Not Recommended,244030,29255911,Posted: 14 January,all,Winters,"Boring game, but would be fun if you want to a space RC simulator."
76561198183651805,Recommended,244030,16339590,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Connorvip19,i sugest playing!
76561198044978830,Not Recommended,244030,26074464,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Blazedallup,after 3 hours of playing i still had no clue as to what the heck i was doing or how to play this game it straight up sucks.
,Not Recommended,244030,29816370,Posted: 9 February,all,Die Zahl,#tgame_release#tgame_reviewhttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=860702292#tgame_uninstall
,Not Recommended,244030,29153193,Posted: 9 January,all,Dhavey,Game is glitchy. Fan base is all german and toxic. Don't bother.3 hours into  a game and I trip on a rock and go flying. Havent saved in hour.I want that 3 hours of my life back.Make Auto saves and I might excuse the glitchiness.You can get money backNot TimeDont waste time on this broken game.
,Not Recommended,244030,24264685,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Motabilla,"Everything is bad, the tutorial, controls, graphics and just boring.If I dont even know how to launch people onto mars."
,Not Recommended,244030,16178059,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,HugeDumbass,"Overhyped, overpriced."
,Not Recommended,244030,13599810,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Snazzbits,THIS GAME FRICKEN SUCKS
76561198145841354,Not Recommended,244030,22095654,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Heisenburger,NO DONT PLAY IT I WARN YOU!!!
,Not Recommended,244030,29810846,Posted: 9 February,all,"=The Gaming Engine= ""He's Dead""","So this game... I have a couple of opinions, One I don't think it should have benn released yet. And the other WHY THE ♥♥♥♥ DOSE EVERY ♥♥♥♥ING GAME HAVE TO HAVE SOMETHING GO WRONG??? Did you not want a good game or what. WORST INTRODUCTION EVER I WALKED AROUND FOR 5 MINS TRYING TO FIND A ♥♥♥♥ING OXYGEN CONTAINER I HATE THIS GAME BUY SPACE ENGINNERS INSTEAD IM DONE IM REFUNDING IT.And to hell with HaddokA"
76561198065560695,Not Recommended,244030,11794587,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Foxxx48,Terrible!
76561198176215714,Not Recommended,244030,28648622,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,csgarlock,Crap cap crap
76561197998408411,Recommended,244030,8943693,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,!-Virus-!,"KSP knock off.....worst part is, It is complete crap!dont waste your money!"
,Not Recommended,244030,9979663,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Clockworkedd,This game is good with graphics menus etc but i can't play it there are like no tutorials and the 4 thatb they are they aren't helpful at ALL so i tried to play it and it took me 25 minutes to actually learn how to deploy the shuttle ugh not worth it
76561198041461896,Not Recommended,244030,22904788,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Athen,"♥♥♥♥, ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥, piece of ♥♥♥♥, pile of ♥♥♥♥, sweaty ♥♥♥♥, dehidrated ♥♥♥♥, smelly ♥♥♥♥, W H A T    T H E   ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥TFL:DFR because I'm a lazy ♥♥♥♥. Spend your money on hooker's and drugs, like the rest of us.Oh I'm sorry, I'm reviewing a game, not writing a column for Hustler.  Well, where to begin- I certainly know where to end, unlike the development of this game.A long time ago in a galaxy not really that far away, there was a team of people tasked with making a Mars survival game. They had ambition, they had passion, and they had Mtn. Dew. Somewhere down the bumpy as ♥♥♥♥ road they got so lost they couldn't find thier own ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.If I had a dime for each time they missed a deadline (oh♥♥♥♥♥♥that rhymes) I'd have a lot of ♥♥♥♥ING DIMES! Almost enough to develop and finish this game myself.  I've said it before in the forums and I'll say it again. They will probably never finish this game. If they do, it will probably never be optimized, fixed, and polished.I was looking forward to this game for ages. I played it just enough to get a good feel for everything, and I have to say, it was really good. However, the constant failures cast a large impending shadow of doubt that this title was brushed under the rug like The Stomping Ground.Drippy ♥♥♥♥, soggy ♥♥♥♥, arid ♥♥♥♥, and biblical ♥♥♥♥. That's right I said it."
76561198170187941,Recommended,244030,29654974,Posted: 2 February,all,ALXYT,its good
76561198136053271,Not Recommended,244030,26487025,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Tudster123,♥♥♥♥ this game... you spend hours ♥♥♥♥ing exploring all those craters witch is boring as ♥♥♥♥ and if you screw up one time you run out of money and you have to start all over
76561198033262276,Not Recommended,244030,9324916,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Redfish,"Hello Gentlemen,Just got Take On Mars by Bohemia Interactive, the early access is available for download on steam. Downloaded it, installed it and double clicked on play. Straight to the options menu and run in windowed mode and then changed my mind and put it back to full screen mode. The first screen that greets you is the Take On Mars menu with the usual game options and a spinning depiction of planet Mars. You can hold down the LMB and spin the planet around and see cool sounding names like - Syrtis Major and Elysium Planitia. A few clicks and the initial tutorial loads up.  Clicked on Real World Time and eventually I make my way to the Lab and Construction Building. Found myself pressing the 'Test Vehicle' panel & see the lander. I see different views and instruments, You see (not manipulate) the outside world. My first test ship wobbled like crazy and the wide angle and telephoto view quality, looked like they had purchased the same cameras used in the Blair Witch project. Maybe it's an early alpha thing? I think Bohemia are simulating the quality of video/pictures sent from Mars back to Earth -- lossy and crap. Like any man on the planet who has never read an instruction manual since making 1/32 Airfix models, I end up pressing every single key to see what screens pop up. Oooh... aaarghhh... what does that do... oohhh.... Esc key goes to Main Menu.  Yawn and fast forwarded to the Launch vehicle 13mins 39secs. Look around the crater for about six or seven minutes and then stumble on the list of tasks required to be completed in this particular mission.After pressing every key again, q,w,e,r,t,y,,,,,. I find myself at the Capture Gas stage. oooh... aarghhhh.... Click on Capture Gas. Yay! DO NOT MOVE INSTRUMENT in flashing red text. First you capture the gas, then you analyse gas. (Insert Fart Joke) This is one of the Major Tasks completed at the initial first assignment Victoria Crater. Your initial foray in the Victoria Crater teaches you Mars atmospheric pressure differences compared to Earth and also the composition percentages of CO2, N & Ar (I knew learning the first twenty elements of the periodic table would be useful in my lifetime.. thanks to my grade 10 science teacher Mr Clewett). Once you complete a mission, you also get access to New Tech Levels and various vehicle and instruments at tech level 2 become available.  And I got a steam achievement unlocked ""It's All About the Science"" I then read the rest of the Mission task and see there is another minor task, a photo opportunity requirement.The light bulb dims and I figure out that mission tasks are comprised of Major task and Minor tasks. Each successful completion of Major & Minor tasks during a mission will allow you access to higher level tech and more cash to spend on stuff. In the Early Access version, I can see some instruments have power levels and charge / drain rates and I guess that there would be that certain tasks that require balancing energy usage from your chemical batteries before they are depleted in the later missions. Don't know yet if there are ways to recharge. It's interesting but not for everyone. Interesting enough I had the game freeze on me twice and waited and waited and waited.... before the three finger salute Ctrl+Alt+Del restarted the game.My initial thoughts coming from a Flight Sim enthusiast...... Well just like there are people that are vegetarians and there are people who like a medium rare wagyu rump with a side of hand cut fries, mushrooms swimming in a red wine jus. Take On Mars just doesn't have enough meat to satisfy me. Do your own due diligence and make an informed decision. Read the reviews, watch other videos and then make a purchase or not decision. I 'm not satisfied. If I want a space sim, Kerbal Space Program has that creativity streak that Take On Mars doesn't. Would I play Take On Mars often? Only if my Warthog HOTAS was stolen, and every other computer game I owned was destroyed and it was raining outside and it was a Saturday in June. Aside from that, sure I will play it.Another thing, what is early access, an alpha, beta or in-between? Call it what it is - an Alpha....Thanks go to my grade 10 Science teacher Mr Clewett -- You were right, I would use the knowledge of the first twenty elements in the periodic table in my life time. :)Score: 2/10"
76561198035885034,Not Recommended,244030,9943694,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,bonzow,This game might be interesting to some but its very slow and really pretty boring.  I'd have to have a lot more free time to want to waste any here.
76561198212138169,Not Recommended,244030,22532496,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Checkji,"Today's Review: Take on Mars.I just can't reccomend this game until it is out of early access. I know, I know, it's early access blah blah blah, but no game has a right to be this bad ever. I could not do the campaign because I coud'nt sit up, so this game has been a waste of time and money."
76561198284428721,Not Recommended,244030,29173469,Posted: 10 January,all,michael,it sucks
76561198021805374,Not Recommended,244030,9993674,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,DeadeyeGCS,your game crash all the time i would give it a bad review unless thing get fixed in the game that is making it crash
76561198178642410,Not Recommended,244030,26490145,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,LBM0915,i dont know why but i switched computers and i bought this game on another computer and when i switched computers and  install take on mars on my new and i click play the game crashes and says illegal action now i cant play this game this sucks. Its a great game ut i cant play it now!!!! If someone nows how to fix this please help.
76561197972499865,Recommended,244030,12564527,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Hooch,Too slow.
76561198209834132,Not Recommended,244030,24391377,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,mbanak,"game doesn,t work becuse seam must be running to play this game but steam i still runinggra nie dziala pisze że steam musi być włączony i jest wlączony"
76561198031541389,Not Recommended,244030,7987346,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,01001000 01001001,Rocket surgery with a non-intuitive interface.
76561198054970478,Recommended,244030,28797813,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Born2Remove,░░░░░▄▄▄░░▄██▄░░░░░░░░▐▀█▀▌░░░░▀█▄░░░░░░░░▐█▄█▌░░░░░░▀█▄░░░░░░░░▀▄▀░░░▄▄▄▄▄▀▀░░░░░░▄▄▄██▀▀▀▀░░░░░░░░░░█▀▄▄▄█░▀▀░░░░░▌░▄▄▄▐▌▀▀▀░░▄░▐░░░▄▄░█░▀▀ ░░▀█▌░░░▄░▀█▀░▀ ░░░░░░░░░▄▄▐▌▄▄░░░░░░░░░░▀███▀█░▄░░░░░░░░▐▌▀▄▀▄▀▐▄░░░░░░░░▐▀░░░░░░▐▌░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▐▌░░░░░░░░░█░░
,Recommended,244030,29807127,Posted: 9 February,all,razgon,pretty great
,Not Recommended,244030,555970,"Posted: 1 August, 2013",all,Asmodai_00,"Literally every rover that this game has landed on Mars has had one broken wheel. One.I was doing good with my space program too, having lots of spacebux and whatnot, until I flipped a rover due to one of the stupid ♥♥♥♥ing instruments needing to be in contact with a space rock, but really can't decide if it is REALLY touching said rock or not.The next rover was on decent when the landing stage literally flipped over for 0 reason and cratered into the ground. The airbags didn't do♥♥♥♥♥♥Wait, who made this? Bohemia Interactive?! hahaahahah that explains everythingPlay KSP instead."
76561198049373592,Not Recommended,244030,24347567,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,xxBFKxxWM,...
,Not Recommended,244030,9163739,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,corpse & Co.,Stay away. Far away.
76561198033834522,Not Recommended,244030,26183054,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,6Taylor4,"idiotic - insulting.no remapping keybindings! stuck with aswd in 2016.i require the numpad for all key bindings.any game in the 21st century that doesn't even allow users to remap movement keys is INSULTING.as for the game, well I couldn't tell you. could I, I'm denied access to the game!No remapping of keys?????????????? (Sure change a few minor keys, big deal... bur no A S W D substitutions??????)"
,Not Recommended,244030,12717055,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Muhammad Al bin kebab,0/10
,Recommended,244030,10133726,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,DragonSeeker,"I highly recommend this game.  Very hard and complicated to understand, but I killed myself on the manned mission so 11/10.  Don't crash your car into an object.  :D"
76561198001792274,Recommended,244030,10244907,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Richthofen56,"Any space enthusiast will absolutely love this simulation. If you're into fast action and shooters, there's no aliens to blast. Look elsewhere."
76561198013937269,Recommended,244030,10158160,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Sany0,"No tutorial thats worth much, confusing and slow UI. A frustrating game that showed alot of promise....i wish i could get a refund."
,Recommended,244030,2456421,"Posted: 15 September, 2013",all,Unknown_user,"Not the most exciting game on the planet, no gun fights, no aliens, just pure science and exploration and i love it. suprisingly easy to get into but most people will find it a bit dull unless they are science nerds.make sure you unplug any controllers or joysticks when playing this otherwise it defaults to manual landing which is game talk for woosh crash.. BOOM"
,Recommended,244030,2602425,"Posted: 4 August, 2013",all,Sean Paul,good mars rover fun
,Recommended,244030,3029700,"Posted: 5 August, 2013",all,dimo.ruso,wonderful and incredible
,Recommended,244030,2257556,"Posted: 3 August, 2013",all,VeTaL,Another great game by Bohemia Interactive.
,Recommended,244030,6818829,"Posted: 2 August, 2013",all,LegendRS,"Only 1 day after release (and 1 day since I bought it), I can say that this is a brilliant game, especially for us that are interested in this sort of thing :p. Now I wonder if they've hidden any Easter eggs in this..."
,Recommended,244030,6964642,"Posted: 6 August, 2013",all,Sennar,so cool
76561198082345505,Recommended,244030,7005586,"Posted: 4 August, 2013",all,Cairn.L,Highly recommended for those who love Exploration. (｀・ω・´)”
,Recommended,244030,720758,"Posted: 1 September, 2013",all,ac19189,Awesome little game but super slow at times. I enjoyed playing this game but how my lord the speed your robot drives at makes you want to punch your friend in the face. I spent most of my play time holding the w key and watching tv while waiting for this little robot to cover huge amounts of ground.
76561198081032253,Recommended,244030,6970083,"Posted: 6 August, 2013",all,gxsmith,"Take on Mars rocks! even with a few glitches. Nothing like being in space, far from home."
76561198011673767,Recommended,244030,7454263,"Posted: 22 October, 2013",all,Gannon,Mars...Y u so compricated...
,Recommended,244030,14394513,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,FF.series2 [Gentlemens Club],So much potential and so much already here.... its looking good!
76561198061457618,Recommended,244030,14334860,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Optimistic,"I broke a wheel on my rover and had to drive backwards, just like the real NASA would've done."
,Recommended,244030,10149231,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Calamababa,So. Dam. Pritty!
,Recommended,244030,10267428,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,RiseOfDeath,"Nice game. Realistic retro mars probes and etc.As planet explorer better, then KSP, but so smal things to make probes."
,Recommended,244030,7272443,"Posted: 18 August, 2013",all,TheBlockRoom,"Very good game, the space program bit especially. The mission editor is a great addition too!"
,Recommended,244030,9927355,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,ViperSixEleven,Really good Mars simulator based on Bohemia Interactive engine.
76561198049529827,Recommended,244030,9951907,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,[DEV] coasterteck,This is a very good game. I recommend this to anyone who is interested in simulators and mars. There has been a lot of work put into this product and is worth every penny spent.
,Recommended,244030,9980036,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Chara,MMMMMMMMMMMAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198086722437,Recommended,244030,13054214,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,EightBall,I'm fairly impressed with Take On Mars.It's so atmospheric you really have the feeling of being there.Witnessing the sunrise on Mars is a daunting experience.It's a bit early to make a full review but this game certainly worth a try !
,Recommended,244030,3523342,"Posted: 17 August, 2013",all,Killer Gas,Brilliant Game! Really really involving!
,Recommended,244030,6695614,"Posted: 4 August, 2013",all,Roughneck_Rider,If you like a space/ exploration type game simulair to kerbal space program...you might like this
,Recommended,244030,7308772,"Posted: 4 October, 2013",all,Sne,Alone on Valles Marineris !!!10/10
,Recommended,244030,2830533,"Posted: 13 August, 2013",all,nurbs,"this game is so amazing, truly loved it."
,Not Recommended,244030,9977086,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,nannerpuss,"This was a positive review, but I no longer feel that way. Ammended review:It's been in Early Access for (literally) years now. At some point it becomes an excuse for developers to never finish something, or always be able to promise ""more features in the future"" - which is what's happened here.I was severely disappointed several months ago when I realized they no longer cared about science results and testing of Mars and started focusing on the multiplayer aspect, but I know teenagers/gamers are the target audience on Steam, so I wasn't completely surprised by the shift. However, that was nearly a year ago. In that time, nothing has changed in the single-player ""science"" campaign at all. It's been the same thing since I bought the game years ago. I really, really wanted to like this game, but it's just not meant to be. I mean, how long can you call something ""beta"", yet make money from it, and get away with it?If Bohemia can own up to the failures and shortcomings and put some TLC (ie. patching, time, development, and customer concern awareness) back into this, I might switch back to a positive review. But that is very doubtful at this point. They've run out of time for me."
76561198060995970,Recommended,244030,28167063,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,TheChemixInc,"So I played for a while and I like the game. Good idea, good simulator. I'm very much looking forward to any new content and I can't wait for the continuation of the manned campaign :D"
76561198017012405,Recommended,244030,28017250,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,treasureshunter,great game experience
,Recommended,244030,14715040,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,GARFIELD!!,"It has a lot of problems, but if you can pick this game up at a discount it is definetly worth getting. There is so much cool space things to do."
76561198231979712,Not Recommended,244030,20674136,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Mr. Fuzzy Bottoms,ehh
,Not Recommended,244030,17524551,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Chryseus🍸,"If you're interested in playing multiplayer as I was then you best think again about purchasing this, the multiplayer it's the most UNOPTIMIZED GARBAGE I've ever had the misfortune of attempting to play, unless you're playing over LAN or you have a very fast connection speed (upload speed in particular) you will get crazy amounts of lag that make it unplayable.I'd understand this if it was still in early access but to release it like this completely unacceptable, they might as well remove the multiplayer it's so bad, they've been promising to fix it for over a year, yet not a single thing has been done to improve it, they're either incompetent or just plain lazy.If you have any interest in MP do not buy this game."
76561198196424614,Recommended,244030,23122264,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,job.walst,It is one of the best space simulation games i ever played so i recommend this game to anyone who is interested in space
,Recommended,244030,29805689,Posted: 9 February,all,The Knight of The Abyss,"dont be turned away by the negative reviews, alot of them are just whiners who complain alot, this game is still a fun game to play, Ive built so much on mars in this game and had a huge farm going, yes the game is fully focused on simulation, but its a simulation game what did you expect. Its just good realistic space survival, though the game does have its bugs, where you die over stupid stuff, but at best the game is pretty good, then what most of the whiners lead you to believe."
76561198041343803,Recommended,244030,31483878,Posted: 1 May,all,PioneerRun,"So far it's the only game that gives you thatMark Watney/ Mars-survival-feeling over a whole and complete campaign.I enjoyed it very much and would buy it again.(For this review I played the manned program a second time, half of it inVR, and played multiplayer scenarios).During the campaign you have to fix leaking suits, find/collect supply drops with the truck, set up devices/machines, extract resources, refine chemicals, travel to the MAV, analyze soil samples, build/puzzle 3D-printers,  to – eventually – produce fuel for your ship back to earth. You get to experience the ISS and in flashbacks the Moon too.The graphics and the atmospheric background music are really nice. The controls could be better/smoother, but you get used to it. The game is a simulation: pitch black night; correct sound (no atmosphere - no sound: well done in the air lock!); or low gravity: no crazy sprinting or driving possible!; not to mention the laborious machinery-based grinding process: electricity, chemistry, potato-horticulture... cool!Do not expect an action-packed game, or a huge ecosystem of dinosaurs to tame, or hundreds of enemies to kill. You WILL feel cast away and very lonely. It's just you against the odds on a beautiful but hostile and empty planet (similar to ""The long dark"").And every now and then, unfortunately, it's you against the physics/collision engine, that can kill you by accident (catapult you/things in the air, or smash your helmet – followed by a quick death). But with wise save-games and experience this can be overcome (single player allows reloading). Btw it adds to the survival setting – catastrophe is just around the corner.A top-up is VR: you can play TKOM with the Vive and Vorpx. It works nicely, but you need to know the menu/control system, because the inventory-font-size is too small in some cases).If you are a fan of Mark Watney it's worth buying during a sale.Read some tips and tricks to have an easier stay on Mars (see below).The game has a bigger potential (multiplayer, mods, and user made scenarios) that is sadly not being exploited much due to slow bug fixing, which disappointed the community, and made it shrink, and the reviews drop. Which is a pity because self sustaining bases are best build with other players.Similar games are in development / early access. So far TKOM is the most developed and offers the  biggest variety of features and scenarios (editor, user made content). I wish it had a modern engine and a bigger community. This way it could compete easily with the upcoming similar games and could carry itself quite some time into the future, especially with VR.Some tips and tricks (no spoilers):* always use multiple savepoints* do not jump crazy (bunny hoping)  - eventually you will fall on your visor and crack it* do not be slow: you can run out of food quickly* nights are fairly long and very dark - use your vehicle lights (there is no time lapse during sleep yet, but announced)* always stow truck ramps and stair cases before driving (can be ribbed off at rocks)* even a flat and empty water bag can block your way inside the truck cabin – keep everything tidy and crouch when it happens* its hard to move inside vehicles while having it parked on a slope* activate the mission parts to see the waypoints of the supply drops or be a very good navigator instead* the building system is not as fast as in Ark Survival due to smaller parts and real 3D printing – be patient* the object snapping works fine and is more accurate but slower in speed – be precise* resource grinding is much more challenging: think carefully about chemistry and ALL your resources at hand* never forget your helmet or do not take it off to early inside an airlock/pop tent (yes, it happens to everyone at some point in time)* plan ahead* do not forget to play some disco music ;-)Have fun - be save!"
,Recommended,244030,18583579,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,ZereLaatikko,Nice Game YOU CAN FLY WITH POP TENT!!!!
,Not Recommended,244030,23824977,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Gigius,"Please update this game, correct the many bugs."
76561198149644052,Not Recommended,244030,35461429,Posted: 3 October,all,Firegecko,Definatly not worth full price. Seems like another cash grab. Sad thing is that the game has so much potential. It just needed more polish. Graphics are pretty good but still full of bugs.The unmanned missions are confusing as hell. No real tut for building unmanned vehicles.Manned missions are not bad tho.No update since May makes me think the devs have left it for dead.As a result I cant give this game a thumbs up :'(
,Recommended,244030,35518060,Posted: 6 October,all,Mr J. Badger,"Ahh the sweet embrace of an endless vacuum, Kill me!"
