user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,244160,14650738,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Anticept,"EDIT: Crash bugs right now if you have texture size turned way up. The classics are working fine for me. By the way, you must download the DLC to be able to play the campaigns in the remastered edition. Issues thread:http://steamcommunity.com/app/244160/discussions/0/617328967243529430/Let me tell you something about homeworld (1+2 AND the lost game, homeworld cataclysm). Even 15+ years later, it's still the gold standard for 3D RTS. Here's a few big points:Very intuitive controls. Movement control is a simple two step, where the first sets horizontal movement, then *optionally* holding shift or click and drag for height. I've yet to see another 3D RTS which even comes close to how quickly and simply that I can give move orders in a 3D space, even though mice and monitors are 2D devices.Extremely helpful *contextual* visual indicators. When in the process of giving a move order, a lot of supporting information for movement then pops up. For example, to show how high other ship's height are above yours in the 3D battlespace, an ecliptic disc is drawn centered on your ships in the move order interface, and vertical lines are drawn from that disc to those other ships. It GREATLY aids in plotting the movement order so you can order your ships to intercept over long distances. Once the move order is given, all of this goes away so there isn't information overload.Battles actually take place in 3D space as well. Skilled players WILL use height to flank from above and below to avoid being subjected to a full broadside of guns. Fighters zoom around ships without regards to direction, attacking from multiple angles. This isn't ""2.5D"" as I would call it, you NEED to use height, especially with fighters.Two camera modes. One is the standard battle camera, which you spend most of your time in for orders in a small area, and a strategic camera, which is an ""at a glance"" of the battlespace with a LOT more information and large map wide movement. The space bar is the simple key to switch between them.In the story, you must be somewhat careful of losses (but it's not so bad that it inhibits gameplay). Every mission brings the resources, ships, and research that you have from the previous missions. You are quite literally a nomadic fleet. Resources on each map are *not* regenerative, even in multiplayer, so grab what you can! Think starcraft in terms of resources: it's plentiful, but resources will run out in a prolonged battle.The story itself: It's of loss and sacrifice, hope and victory. It's quite a roller coaster of emotion.Soundtrack: Very ""spacey"" feel that is well designed to suit each mission. Plus, mission 3 on HW1 had the best freaking use of a classic choir song (Agnus Dei - Adagio for strings) I've ever heard.My only regret: the source code to HW:Cataclysm is lost. There's no remastering it. It's not considered canon, but it was still fun playing as the mining faction's ship ""Kun-Laan"" and fighting the galactic cancer known as ""The Beast"".EDIT: Made a grammar mistake, fixed. Kun-Laan is the mining faction's ship, but I forgot to mention that their faction name is ""Somtaaw"""
,Recommended,244160,18271589,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,FourBitty,"As a kid, I remember asking my father about all the different ships as he was playing the original Homeworld. As soon as the Remastered version came out, I had to buy it.Overall I'm very happy with the game. The remastered version is beautiful, and in my opinion one of the best things about it is that it has a great storyline behind it. While I understand that not everyone cares about that, for me it makes the game so much more. Homeworld offers a rather unique experience as a strategy game in a 3 dimensional enviornment which isn't really like anything else I've played.Both HW and HW2 remastered versions seem to be optimized well, as I've never had any lag or framerate issues. I can't speak for the mods, as I haven't yet felt the need to utilize any - there hasn't been any that I've seen that have caught my eye as a ""must have"".Some people have complained about scenarios being more or less difficult depending on how well you're doing throughout your campaign. Say you fail a mission, but you rememeber what's thrown at you and plan accordingly beforehand - the next time you start it stronger only to find there's even more enemy ships. Personally I kind of have mixed feelings about this aspect, it makes the game more unpredictible and more challenging, as you can't plan for everything the way you can with most other game's missions/scenarios.As a negative, I have encountered a couple small glitches with scenarios, such as objectives not checking off as complete even though you've finished it, therefore making the scenario impossible to finish. I also don't particularly care for HW2, the storyline and ship variants just don't do it for me. In my opinion the first game is far superior but that's simply a matter of opinion. I can't say I have anyone to try Multiplayer with but I think it would be an excellent MP game with a few friends looking to out-strategize one another.In conclusion, I recommend this game to anyone looking to try out a new type of strategy game in a 3D space enviornment, or anyone who gets their kicks out of a great back story like myself."
76561197996229026,Recommended,244160,32193694,Posted: 5 June,all,Freelance,"Homeworld 1 is a classic for its well done story and deep mechanics, and it's inclusion to this pack alone makes it a good buy. The remasters on the other hand are dogged by problems found in Homeworld 2 as they use the same engine, and are ok but still inferior games to the first.The reasons are complex, but boil down to the tactical depth you could achieve in HW1 thanks to the mechanics and physics system they employed to model ship to ship combat. For example, fighters have a impressive amount of maneuverability due to their speed and size, so any ship such as a frigate built to shoot at larger ships will have a hard time hitting them when the figher is at full speed. However when stationary they're sitting ducks and ANY weapon can easily hit them, which is more often than nought when they require refueling after some time in combat, or docking to get across the larger maps.HW2 and the remakes dump this for a simpler probability and RNG based system when calculating if a shot hits, so that the same frigate would find it difficult to hit a fighter even if it was completely stationary, simply because it's classified as a fighter. Couple this with the removal of refueling, higher damage weapons that'll see your fleet destroyed and remade multiple times per mission, as well as sometime broken trigers and mechanics in singleplayer (due to being ported), and it becomes clearer why Homeworld 1 is considered a classic and it's sequels (and remasters) haven't earned nearly as much praise from players.Buy it if you're really keen for a great (if old looking) RTS that set the standard back in 1999, otherwise wait for a sale."
,Recommended,244160,14650731,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Excuritas,"[Description]Homeworld is a space strategy game that redefined the RTS genre, and remains today as the only game that did it right. A deep and thrilling story (30 missions over 2 campaigns), powerful and anomalous music, and a very unique style of play. A true space opera![Intro]Even though games are nearly 15 years old now, the mechanics and gameplay don’t feel outdated. Instead, they are still unmatched by any other space RTS that have released since. The three dimensional environment requires a whole new level of thinking when it comes to strategy.Now let’s talk about the remaster and a company that actually put some effort into a remake.This was crafted with the assistance and guidance of the original creators as well as the help of a passionate fan community.[Important changes]- Complete overhaul of the games engine- Significantly upgraded visuals, including high-res textures and models- Up to 4k resolution- Sound and music overhaul- Upgraded cut-scenes with clean artwork and some new 3d animations- Redesigned UI for HW1 (from HW2 which also got an update)- Mod compatibility and workshop support- Compatibility with newer operating systems- Combined Multiplayer between both gamesAs you can see, they put a considerable amount of effort into this remastered version of Homeworld and that's why I totally think it’s worth the price tag, unlike any other HD remake out on Steam. You also get both of the original games with this package, which were previously hard to get ahold of, and they are even updated to be playable on modern operating systems.[Conclusion]If you enjoyed Homeworld 1/2 or other real time strategy games, you should strongly consider giving this a try, as it really an experience that is unmatched to this very day! Let’s show the industry that there is still demand for strategy games like this, so that we can expect more in the future!Enjoyed this review? Curious for more recommendations by Excurious Curations?|Check it out overhere!"
,Recommended,244160,19113629,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Aniqiewan,"The first thing I noticed on playing HW:RM was how the HW2 UI and seemed to be everywhere. It was as if the whole HW1 game had been transplanted into the HW2 engine... turned out I wasn't far off.Homeworld 1Unfortunately there are a few things that bring the quality of the remaster down as a whole - players aren't able to experience HW1 with it's Ballistics physics engine intact (shots fired could be evaded or go on to hit something else), instead shots fired by ships generally always hit (some RNG seems to be involved) the selected target as in HW2. This is a large part of what made HW1 stand out from other RTSes at the time (in fact most RTSes nowadays) and made certain manoeuvres such as doing increased damage to ships when attacking them from behind, etc, possible since damage resistance was also modelled as part of this engine. As far as I can recall this was not something that was taken through to the original HW2 or the Remaster. Pretty big deal in my opinion.Formations in general are completely borked, meaning that a lot of the tactical (and at the time, genre defying) flavour of HW1 is completely absent; while I don't particularly miss the fiddly micromanagement and lack of context sensitive clicks, I do miss the extra depth of tactics that formations offered. If Gearbox ever start work on a Homeworld: Cataclysm remaster (the original HW:C = my favourite game of the series) theyhaveto get this fixed. Good news is that a patch may be on it's way to restore formations to their intended form.Overall I still enjoyed playing through the HW1:RM campaign, and ultimately found it more ""playable"" than the original (especially while using a Steam Controller). Basically I found the game easier and more accessible than it used to be, which for newcomers and busy old-schoolers like me is not a bad thing. I think it's a huge shame we never got to see the original ballistics physics etc on todays capable machines however.Homeworld 2Being completely honest I originally played Homeworld 2 the least of the games in the series, however I feel that the remaster did a solid job of restoring and enhancing the game for compatibility while staying pretty faithful to the original.The remastered graphicsreallyshine here, fleet battles are a thing of beauty. Seriously, pick a fight and soak in that goodness, JUST DO ITSince the remaster has been so good to the game I have in effect enjoyed HW2 anew - I'd basically offer this collection as an instant recommendation for fans of the original. The only issues HW2 fans might have is that the voice actors from HW1 have been used instead of the ones they may remember from HW2, as well as a few other VA changes here and there (notably Makaan).GeneralGearbox have been patching things up slowly, with various bugs and issues like bad pathfinding (crashing into asteroids) being fixed. There are still issues like formations not working properly and friendly ships merrily continuing to pour heavy firepower on ships you are boarding/salvaging to add to your fleet, amongst other things.Scoring based on faithfulness to the spirit of the originals;-GFX/FIDELITY 8Glorious hi-res Fleet battles and Furballs, gorgeously updated and retouched. The UI scales perfectly and there are sliders allowing you to adjust the scale of varying UI components manually.-AUDIO 7Remastered audio (apparently; I can't tell I'm no audiophile), original voice actors (notably Fleet Command/ Mothership from HW1) brought back and re-recorded. HW Classic sound effects are particularly dated and low-def when compared to the remaster, so good job I guess.-GAMEPLAY/MECHANICS 6In regards to HW1 the best I can say is some patching is definitely needed.HW2 on the other hand is in a good place. If Gearbox attempt a remake of Homeworld: Cataclysm, I hope they get a better handle on what made these games great in the first place.As a Remastered Collection It's a good update on the originals, however it's not perfect by a long shot. It's also a shame that some of the technical limitations that held the old games back have not really been challenged (in fact the opposite, much has been dumbed down). The unfulfilled potential is pretty crushing in my opinion.Multiplayer is also a bit hit and miss, in that Gearbox are clearly putting a lot of work into the facilitation of mp matches, but the bugs/missing mechanics are keenly apparent at higher levels of play.In any case I have to thank Gearbox for bringing back these games, and can only recommend this Collection as an essential for RTS fans, and those gamers who enjoy a good story alongside a challenge."
,Recommended,244160,23439541,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Falcon Took a Bath,"At first, I was not pleased with this game. It was very buggy and frustrating, with numerous other issues like HUGE pathing problems, stupid ai and automation problems (Several harvesters waiting to get to a single asteroid to harvest when they're surrounded by unnoccupied other ones). However, the largest problems lay in the fact that ""Homeworld 1 remastered"" was essentially just homeworld 2 with homeworld 1 ships, because a lot of mechanics which gave the original tactical depth had to be removed so it could fit into homeworld 2's engine. This meant that the whole collection was a buggy, broken, imbalanced shadow of the originals.But then the June 7th update happenedThis update (in my experience so far) fixed everything that was wrong. It has fixed formations, ballistics, tactics, pathing (mostly), targeting priorities, balance, and all general bugs (that i've experienced so far).I can now safely say that:Both campaigns offer an amazing narrative experience, complete with incredible music and visuals.Both campaigns provide a great challenge, as does the AI in singleplayer modeEasy to use and pick up basic mechanics, with complex ones to pick up laterTrademark 3d movement and map are very well implementedIncludes the 2 original games, fixed to run properly on modern OSs and hardwareMaps allow for potentially hundreds of small fights at once which can be really intense as larger strategies take shapeGorgeous visuals and sound, which all run very wellMultiplayer supports up to 8 players I think, which can lead to some titanic fights.Overall a great experience and a very solid recommendation after the update.8.5/10"
,Not Recommended,244160,14724397,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Lord Shiteblast,"Let me start out by being fair and pointing out what Gearbox got right with HW:R - the ships look beautiful, it's quite obvious a lot of time and effort was spent lovingly crafting them and they feel very solid and real. The other eye candy like HDR and shadows is very welcome and really calls out to my first experiences of playing HW1 in 2000. Sounds and voice-overs are also remastered to a very high standard though some of the inflections aren't to my personal taste, but that's just me.Now then, onto the bugs and why I can't recommend HW:R in its current state. If you've read the other reviews by now you'll probably have found some pointing out the bugs with formations and strikecraft in general. I am no purist, but quite frankly I think these issues have been understated so far. Not being able to put your fighters or corvettes into formationsmassivelyaffects the combat effectiveness of your strikecraft (less so for capitals). Since they refuse to maintain formation (regardless of tactics set) they will not fire en masse and you the player cannot position them precisely where you need and want them. A wall of just 9 heavy corvettes in HW1 would easily demolish a flock of enemy fighters if managed correctly. In HW1 the same force takes at least 3 times as long to complete the same engagement and you’ll probably take losses. I've seen positive reviews on here downplaying this issue which I find hugely disingenuous to say the least. I'm going to have to make a video showing HW1 and HW1:R side by side to really illustrate just how much this affects the game and almost everything you do in it, it really is that fundamental.Formations aside, the path-finding for strikecraft again is quite poor. Ships like the heavy corvette with heavy forward firepower seem to insist on circling the enemy and trying broadsides to no effect, which is probably why the fights take forever to finish. Because your ships refuse to stay in formation they will also largely ignore player attack-move commands during combat (ctrl+A).Other reviewers have already pointed out the firing system changes as well, but I really have to emphasise just how much this negatively impacts the game. Basically, in HW1 your ships would fire bullets that would actually travel through space i.e. no hitscan or RNG. Since this is no longer the case your ships are at the mercy of the Random Number Generator and setting them to evasion tactics hasliterallyno effect where as in HW1 it could vastly improve the survivability of your strikecraft.I understand a lot of these changes were implemented to allow compatibility between HW1 and HW2 to enable multiplayer which is just fine imho. However, I consider the formations and tactics issues as bugs since they severely handicap HW1 strikecraft compared to their HW2 counterparts, not to mention that it robs the player of a huge degree of tactical control.I love Homeworld, but being unable to control my strikecraft effectively reduces the whole thing to pumping out ships, sitting back and hoping for the best. The pathfinding and formations issues are major bugs and I hope to the almighty Gearbox get on top of this crap."
,Recommended,244160,15714237,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Reij,"It's a real shame that one of the better games of 2015 was originally released in 1999 and 2003, respectively.Homeworld Remastered is beautiful. The music and voice acting is still spot on. I found myself re-living all of the excitement and wonder of the original release.The only thing missing is the exclusion of Cataclysm (which in my opinion is the better of the three games). Let's hope that Gearbox can find the missing(?) source code for Cataclysm and give us the missing chapter of the saga.If you like Real-Time Strategy, well crafted stories and truly challenging gameplay (your tank rush will NOT work here for every mission, you're going to have to really think about what you build, capture or destroy), this blast from the past will sate that hunger. I couldn't recommend this game any higher."
,Recommended,244160,15302160,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,DevilTyphoon,"I was 12 years old when Homeworld was published.....now I'm 28 year old....play Homeworld was like to go back in the years. There are some bugs but....the game is completely playable and enjoyable...and is a must have for veterans of 1998...but it can be a really challenging and wonderful space RTS also for younger players.Pay attention to which strategy you use during the 2 campaings because the game is very challenging (particularly HW2)..I warned you because people are whining: ""The Game is unbalanced!! The game is boring! Gearbox is not serious!"".....don't pay attention to those people..Buy It!"
,Not Recommended,244160,16336054,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,DrFDisK,"Such a shame... What I though was going to be a true-to-original remaster, was too far off to keep playing. Being a fan of HW2, and reading the reviews and complaints of HW1 carefully, I thought I would pick it up on sale. Playing the first two HW1 missions, I saw what some folks were talking about in the way that GB had changed the fighter behaviors, and other details. I also some improvements they had carried over from 2 such as being able to select units from the space map. Being a fan of 2 I thought that this was ok since I had always seen fighters as being OP in the original. I once beat the game with NOTHING BUT fighters and bombers.The deal breaker for me came when I started the third mission. I had built 6 salvage corvettes in anticipation of ""stealing"" the coming frigates and using them against the enemy as I had 15 years ago. To my horror, as each frigate was captured, nothing came back out. I was like ""where the hell are my frigates?!"". Then I noticed that my RUs had grown substantially. I quit the game right then and started reading more into the forums and saw that this was now part of the game. Then I started looking in the Workshop to see if anyone had made a mod to fix this, and sadly there was no fix.Salvaging was one of my favorite parts of HW1. I don’t understand why someone would take a classic that was so well received and decide to cut it up as much as GB did, and describe it as being true to the original. Remasters are a common thing in the music industry. Old master tracks are taken back to the studio and are mixed down again on new hardware to bring the sound quality up to par with current music quality and to fix any “noise” that may have been in the original to clean it up. Imagine if you went to the store and bought the remastered version of your favorite band's album, only to find that someone else is playing guitar, and your favorite songs from the original are missing even though the album cover makes no mention of it?Its a beautiful game with great sound and gameplay, but a remaster of the original it’s not. Maybe one day GB will get their♥♥♥♥♥♥together and put the game back like I should have been in the first place. Watch the video that Bobamelius has posted in his review carefully if you are thinking of getting HWRM. Hell, watch it two or three times and know what you are buying. Thanks to Steam's new refund policy I'm on to the next game!"
,Recommended,244160,14667869,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Kenuty,"It is so great to see a game that has came out decades ago HD and yet alone with the ability to go 4k.This game is a real treat for those that are new to the series and the battles are amazing, but for some of the really old school vets who has played the original you will notice that it isn't quite the remaster you were hoping for. Pros and cons bottom.Video Reviewhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fReVBnaB6Dw&feature=youtu.bePros+ HD graphics supporting up to 4k wow and the ships looks amazing.+ Really well done UI that makes the game easily mangeable.+ Redone sound effects that is amazing+ You get HW1, HW2 remastered and the classics+ The game runs very smooth and the system requirement isn't too insane game is 4 gigs total.+ The backdrops and environments bring back nostalgia and really well done.+ Multiplayer is being worked on but it is damn fun.+ Compelling story and voice acting redone with tasteful cutscenes.+ NO DLC BS+ MODS ENABLED, Compatibility for mods.Cons- It isn't a remaster vets were hoping for, they took away somethings such as fuel, some tatics etc from homeworld- HW1 is actually in HW2 engine, so if you didn't research you would not know this. The mechanics from the old one is changed up a bit.- Formations are breaking sometimes, is this a bug?- Some bugs and crashes but it can be ironed out hopefully- The engine to the battles feel less projectile like but more dice rolling battles on the attacks"
76561197995196273,Recommended,244160,26333744,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,j.lmcmaster,Some games define a genre.Some games define a playing system.And then you have games that define a generation.Homeworld is one of these very few games that define how games make you feel totally immersed in the actual game.The game is extremely well made and just draws you into its universe.The graphic update for the remastered version is something that all game developers should look at. If you want to relaunch a old game just update the graphics. Dont ruin the game by trying to add your own idea.But for me the crowing jewel for this game is the music. This game has music to sooth the savage beast. I played this game for hours at a time just to listen to the music.i was close to tears sometime when the music coinsided with some very dramitic game play.If you have the money then you must add this to your game library
,Not Recommended,244160,16345982,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,MothaFukinNINJA!!!,"Via reddit:http://www.reddit.com/r/Games/comments/2xcwdl/homeworld_remastered_the_good_the_bad_and_the_ugly/I've spent about 8 hours with Homeworld remastered re-living one of the best game experiences I can remember, and have to say that there are ups and downs to the remastered version.The good:The graphics are beautiful yet look like I remember them. That is to say Gearbox has done a great job of updating the graphics so that the game looks as it should through my rose tinted glasses of fond memories :)They stripped out some mechanics that were a real pain in the original, specifically fuel for fighters.The Bad:Stripping out some of those features had unintended consequences. For example, strike craft used to automatically fly home to refuel from time to time and would automatically be repaired and re-armed. Now since they don't have fuel they don't return to base on their own and die very easily left to their own devices.Gearbox removed the 'aggressive' and 'evasive' posture from the original which used to be very handy for keeping your ships alive longer. In the original game you could re-position your forces, withdraw, or wait for reinforcements without taking crippling losses, but now these situations lead to crippling losses.Formations don't seem to be working right... you can put your ships in formation but they break that formation if so much as an enemy fighter shows up.Automatic harvesting was added but works inconsistently. This was a Homeworld 2 feature meant to be a time saver so you could hyperspace out when the mission was done instead of waiting for 40 minutes for your harvesters to finish gathering resources. It's broken though so it seems to harvest random amounts and not everything on the map.Another homeworld 2 feature they seem to have dabbled with is dynamic difficulty, which I personally hate. It basically punishes you for playing smart on prior missions and removes most of the incentive to do a good job rather than just scrape by. They should have left it out or put in a difficulty level selection.The Ugly:Frequent crashes to desktop even with updated drivers and directX. There are some bugs in the graphical portion.Myriad scripting errors including...Some missions can't be completed about 1/3 of the time. For example the mission diamond shoals has a nasty bug where after you clear the minefield the bentusi may or may not show up making the mission un-finish-able. As if this wasn't bad enough the bug also exists in the automatically made quicksave at the start of the mission, so if you get stung by this error you have to reload in the previous mission.In the previous mission there's a scripted event where fleet command tells you about enemy defender ships and how you should research your own... in my game the research option didn't show up, so I literally cannot build this type of ship for the rest of the game.On later missions similar bugs appear where you finish all the objectives but just can't finish the mission.Some AI seems to have been lobotomized in transition. The garden of kadesh used to be very tough, but now most of the enemy ships don't do anything..."
,Not Recommended,244160,14795558,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,geofflee,"I'll start with the obvious: yes, the remastered graphics and sound are absolutely beautiful. That alone almost makes this a worthy buy. HOWEVER...This is Homeworld 1 re-created in the Homeworld 2 engine, which is actually a major downgrade. There are major differences that make this bad.- They removed the ballistics system. Ship attacks are all random-number generator rolls now.- They removed the ship tactics. You can't select aggressive or evasive tactics anymore.- Formations still exist, but they don't actually work.- Unit pathfinding is pathetic. Ships can get stuck easily.Aside from the 3-dimensional game space, these were the things that made the game unique and exceptional. Without them, Homeworld 1 loses its most important elements, and you end up micromanaging your units instead of leveraging the brilliant ship formation and tactics system."
76561198028747491,Recommended,244160,14668108,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,mouth,"Homeworld is sacred. Homeworld is art. Homeworld is one of the greatest PC games of all time.I for one, embraced this remaster and embraced the return of the the great art that is Homeworld.That said, this remaster might not appeal to the hardest of the hard core HW1 players.If you prefer HW2, then by all means, get this now.If you're extremely picky about all the HW1 mechanics, there's a lot of HW2-ism that clashes with it. Formations, tactics and certain game mechanics (and bugs at this point) are making it very obvious that it's a HW1 port in HW2 engine. I've never been a huge multiplayer player in HW1, but I'm a huge single player fan. I've played a few LAN games with my brother and friends, loved it, but I was never a master player in the ""Internet ladder"" sense.That said, I'm a much much bigger fan of HW1 (never even finished HW2 completely), and played it a LOT back in the days. The remaster didn't kill any of the experience for me. Sure, I prefer a lot of the stuff from the vanilla HW, and would love to see it return, but I realize, not all of it is possible by patching the game. And I'm ok with it. Now I can't wait to play through HW2 campaign too, and try out the MP.So yes I do recommend this to die hard fans of both Homeworld 1 & 2, but only if you're not extremely picky about old HW1 mechanics and are willing to play through this game with slightly different approach.If you've never played HW games before, get it now!Oh, and you get both old classics along, so this to me, is a great deal.Thumbs up!"
,Recommended,244160,14651995,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Karou,"What is there to say about this game?It's 16 years old, putting some fancy graphics on it literally makes every Space RTS of the past decade run in fear.The Musicis top notch, screw your Dubstep and Hipster music, this game has Classic music and you will love it to death (and one rock song in the credits).The Storyis intriguing and atmospheric, if you are one for the story part of a game, this will be your Mousse au Chocolat on cheesecake with a cherry on top.The Gameplayis easy to understand, at first it might seem overwhelming, but the learning curve is not too steep.The Graphichas improved, thanks to the Remaster, to a very to-date level with many options to fine tune it to your liking.What you getfor 30€ are one of the best RTS (And for me THE best Space RTS) games ever made, plus it's sequel, in a fancy new look while keeping everything that made Homeworld the outstanding game that attracted a huge fanbase 16 years ago, and if you don't want to play the updated graphics, you also get the original classic versions as well!10/10 If you are a Homeworld fan this is a must buy!"
,Recommended,244160,33021002,Posted: 29 June,all,HellJester616,"Homeworld remastered collectionHomeworld is one of my favorite games, when i heard it was coming to steam, i immediately bought it (and it was the reason i got into steam) and when i got my first game, i couldn't be more excited.By playing both remastered and classic versions, i can see all the improvements they have done, and unlike many remasters out there in popular games, this one actually improves some gameplay mechanics rather than just giving some crispy new graphics.Classic versionHomeworld classic can be described as a gorgeous game, the universe backgrounds always give a sensation of awe and even an insight on how small we are in the universe. The gameplay is definitely a new turn on RTS games, where adding the element of 3d makes it more interesting (yet not frustrating) where most RTS games tend to be on one plane.The movement is simple, selecting ships (by changing the focus of the camera) definitely makes it better to select groups of ships, movement and even strategy towards surprising your enemy.The difficulty can be challenging yet by replaying levels you learn how to advance better. Some levels are hard, some are easy, and by recollecting al resources, you can build a strong fleet.The game is fairly long and it can take a while to complete from beginning to end. With 16 levels, every single level provides a new challenge and different objectives that bring a small variety to the game.Multiplayer is where i spend most of the time, the wide variety of maps and different forms of gameplay can abroslf oneself in, where survival and strategy (and even trying different AI's) can be very interesting.ProsInteresting story and immersive gameplayGorgeous graphicsGreat multiplayer and very strategy reliantConsShips run out of fuel easily, this can make docking often fail the levelLoading and unloading ships from the mothership takes forever!Homeworld remasteredThe remastered version brings new challenges and missions for the ones trying to reach hiigara once again, adding even better graphics and new gameplay mechanics not present on the classic version.The graphics are the first impression on the remastered version, shadows are better, textures are of higher quality, and the backgrounds by far are the best aspect of it. Being in awe of this graphical upgrade, these can be the best remasters i have ever seen.Gameplay adds new elements not present on the classic version, such as adding cost to researching new technologies and separating formations in 2 (or more) groups in case the ship group is too big. The UI gets a whole new redesign, such as seeing the gameplay as the same time as you build ships/research/manage launching ships instead of the previous version, which you had to enter another screen to do so. Now the UI adds which group ships are active and status of ships, such as defending, attacking, harvesting, etc.Harvester ships can now collect more rubble lying in space, which on the previous version they only harvested asteroids. Which also now in the remastered version, ships show their path trajectory, delimited by a line, these show where ships are supposed to go, these ""lines"" now even show which ships to attack, where will they dock, and where will the ship go to harvest.The difficulty seems to be toned up, where now ships take more shots to be destroyed and formations take more effect into how to destroy an enemy ship. One aspect that i didn't like is the lack of consistency in tactics, where in the classical version, one could see the difference between evasive and agressive, now here both seem to be the same and asking a ship to be defensive - evasive, they still seem to hold unto the same tactic.Multiplayer adds new elements of gameplay, for those even wanting to play with the new graphics in a classic multiplayer environment, options for ""classic multiplayer match"" can go on. Multiplayer even brings new races besides the Kushan and the Taiidan, the Vaygr and the Hiigarans where more variety comes into play.ProsAmazing new graphics and same immersive and awesome gameplayImproved UI better for controlling ships betterGreat multiplayer with both classic and remastered versionConsThe building system separated into classes, why change it when the classic version was fine? pressing alt+l brings a seamless versionThe system doesn't seem to remember about some choices, if i already pressed alt + l to see all building ships, why changes back to class building? same goes for resizing windows and ship information (tab)It's harder to find your own ships on the sensors manager, when you wanna bring up reinforcements, you don't know where to move, a con, yet not a big problem.Ships take forever to go from one point to another, specially capital class vessels (You'll see this in the last mission), where sometimes it took about 35 minutes to reach one point of the map. Fortunately, i wasn't in a rush.Even though the cons seem to be more detailed than the pros, the pros by far outweigh the cons, making this game have a few cons amongst many many pros.Turanic Raiders retreatAs an add-on, a mission previously cut from the original missions, and being brought back in the remastered version, we embark on an unseen adventure where our mission is to stop the Turanic raiders from reaching their homeworld. This mission was originally cut from the story due to the developers considering the mission too hard (Just like Super mario bros 2 returned in the lost levels) and also it was inconsistent for the fleet command to be chasing pirates instead of focusing on returning to their beloved planet.What can i say about this mission? We see a new background element present to our left, which is the Turanic homeworld, an element not present anywhere else in the game. With nice detail and sharp graphics, we get to even know a little bit more about these space pirates.The mission is very simple and straightforward, the Turanic raiders have emerged from hyperspace a few kilometers off their planet and we must destroy them before they reach safety on their planet. Armed with some frigates and scouts, we're quickly introduced towards 2 enemy carriers and many beam laser frigates (or however those enemy ships are called). When approached, the carriers will let out a swarm of fighters which slowed considerably my computer and will retaliate at any cost.The mission itself can be easy and destroying the 2 carriers will complete the objective, the enemy didn't managed to destroy any of my frigates and focusing full firepower towards the carriers will destroy them easily. However, i won't deny that the mission was fun, playing it for the first time and finishing it left me wanting more. Fortunately, there's Homeworld 2.ConclusionsHomeworld remastered collection brings a new twist on the game i loved back in 1999 and i love it now, both the remastered and classical versions are awesome games to buy and enjoy for hours. Where Hiigara needs to be claimed by its rightful owners.As for homeworld 2, i shall bring my thoughts into it as soon as possible.9.9/10 Amazing RTS game, and one of my best in my library."
76561198017320730,Recommended,244160,22916340,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Last Rights,This game has without a doubt one of the most memorable narratives you will experience. The atmosphere and rich background lore are expertly crafted to draw you in to a completely immersive and engaging journey. Homeworld is a game you simply have to experience in your life.
76561197983303507,Recommended,244160,16319236,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,WackyModder84,"Hands down, one of the Best RTS Games of All Time.And now that it finally has the ability to not only work properly on Modern Day OS'es, ALONG WITH Updated Gameplay, Remastered Graphics, Improved Multiplayer, etc.... AND the fact that I get both the Classic Versions AND the Remastered Versions of both HW1 & HW2 in one?! Why the hell ANY FAN of this game in the past would turn this game away is just beyond my♥♥♥♥♥♥The fact that we can now fight each other in Multiplayer with all 4 races from both the 1st and 2nd Homeworld Games is just absolutely fantastic. That was something I always wanted to do in the past, and now I can do so without mods! How could I possibly say ""No"" to this game?!However, there are some things to note. A lot of people have been complaining about some of the balance changes specifically regarding Frigates and Capital Ships. Primarily the fact that their HP has been DRASTICALLY nerfed since the originals. And unfortunately, I completely agree. I find this nerf to be very unnecessary and kinda makes capital ships and frigates to be a lot less useful as they used to be. Thankfully, however, there is a fix for this in the workshop.There is a mod called ""Remastered Re-Balanced"" that is available to get in the Steam Workshop that fixes nearly Every Single Problem I have with the Rebalancing Changes that Gearbox made. If you wanna play this game and fix all the problems that are present with the Remastered Versions with Frigates and Captial Ships, along with many other things as well, I would STRONGLY RECOMMEND getting that mod. It will make your game 10 times better. You have my assurance on that one.Now with that said, some people are gonna be confused as to why Homeworld: Cataclysm was not included in the Remastered Collection. The reason behind this is because the Original Source Code of Homeworld Cataclysm is currently Missing. The original game developers of Cataclysm are long gone now. But Gearbox has said if anyone has any leads to where that Source Code may be, to report it to them immediately. But honesttly, it could also be said that it might just be easier to re-do the whole game from scratch at this point. But regardless, there's already a mod in the Workshop right now that allows you to play as the Somtaaw in HW2 Remastered. So that's definitely a start. But I still would have loved to play as The Beast again. Hopefully someone will make a mod of that too if Gearbox doesn't remaster Cataclysm.But the bottom line here is this:This Game is a MASTERPIECE. If you love Sci-Fi RTS Games and if you love things like Star Wars, Star Trek, Battlestar Galactica, Babylon 5, Mobile Suit Gundam, etc.... This game will MOST DEFINITELY be something to pick up........What, are you still reading this? GO! Buy this game right now! Stop reading and do it! It's worth every single penny in your wallet that you spend on it! It's a Legendary Spart RTS, for Christ Sake! GO! NOW!"
76561198086580750,Recommended,244160,14704406,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,TheKillerPoodle,"Take yourself back to a simpler time. A happier time. A time when PDAs were cool, people wore really high jeans, and when Homeworld was released.That's right. Take yourself back to September of 1999. I was 7.This was a time when strategy games were designed to be pursued and beaten over the course of weeks or months, a time when game designers weren't afraid to kick you in the balls and tell you that you were terrible at their game, and a time when thousands of Homeworld players ripped their hair out after spending hours harvesting resources only to have their fleet obliterated in one short battle.As a 7-year-old, I did not possess the mental faculties to fully understand the majestic space banana or its purpose as the salvation of a species. I was completely unable to tactically order my fleets through the three dimensional battlefield.  As such, I had no hope of navigating the campaign, but what I could do was build hundreds of space fighters, frigates, capital ships, and carriers, and watch in awe as an epic battle between two armadas unfolded before my very eyes in all its polygonal glory. Many happy hours were spent watching interceptors swerve around capital ships while my ion frigates bombarded them from afar.Oh that magic nostalgia feeling. How welcome it is. Homeworld remastered has taken the elegant design of the original game (something I'm now more equipped to appreciate) and made it more palatable with gorgeous visuals and streamlined interfaces while keeping the incredible atmosphere, mystery, and♥♥♥♥♥poundingly difficult strategy that we all know and love. A million thumbs up."
76561198022912575,Recommended,244160,14688471,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Milo_Yiannopoulos,"7/10Essentially Homeworld 1 skins in the Homeworld 2 engine.  If you've never played the original Homeworld, the remastered version is the game for you.  If you have, however, you'll come to realize that Homeworld 2 was a step back in terms of strategy and micromanagement of your fleet.  The formations in the original Homeworld, for example, allowed ships to move in an ACTUAL formation.  In Homeworld 2, these formations break apart as soon as you move in any direction besides forward.  Another thing is ship intelligence.  In the original Homeworld, heavy/multigun corvettes tended to strafe around the target, with their fronts facing the target.  This allowed maximum damage since no gun was obstructed by another.  In Homeworld 2, the ""strafe"" of corvettes is just a circular movment around the target, no fronts facing at all.  This meant that damage output is reduced, since the guns on the opposite sides do nothing.  Oh, and difficulty scaling.  Seriously, ♥♥♥♥ difficuly scaling (Sea of lost souls mission on remastered...like no..just kill yourself).  These three things are the most disappointing aspects of the remastered, in my opinion.  There are a bunch of others I didn't cover but I'm sure somebody has in the reviews of this collection.All in all, this collection is really just a nostalgic trip down memory lane.  Graphics are top notch and so is the UI.  The original versions of the games are also included (which is freaking awesome).Get this collection even if you have or haven't played this game.  For the old vets, it's a nostalgic trip and for the new players, its an experience you don't want to miss."
,Recommended,244160,14727629,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Howar31,"Classic and awesome RTS with real 3D battle experience.  Homeworld re-defined the 3D RTS back in 1999, and till now it is still a legendary.  This collection include both HW1 and HW2 classic, and their remastered version, and also a multiplayer via Steam or LAN.  Masterpiece remake with modern graphic technology makes it legendary once again!+Complete collection include Classic HW1/HW2 and Remastered HW1/HW2 and Multiplayer+Awesome modern graphic support even up to 5k resolution+Not only graphic, but also the audio is HD+Original great stories in HW1 and HW2 come back with gorgeous graphic+Mods on Steam Workshop support with both Classic and Remastered version+Multiplayer via Steam is easy to find and join or host the network game+Devs read Steam Discussion and user feedback*No new ship or tech tree or story.  All the same system with modern graphic and audio and UI-No ""YES""-x1 UI scale is too small and x2 is too big.  We need x1.5 in 1920x1080-Badge browser in Edit Profile has alignment error.  All badges display in single vertical column-Mod toolkit is just an uploaderThe remake graphic is just so awesome so that all the details are so vivid.If you were Homeworld old player back in 1999, you must come back to join the splendid battle once again and see your favorite ships in HD.If you are new to Homeworld, this is the best 3D RTS from 1999 till now you should try!經典的全3D RTS大作，Homeworld在1999年發行時重新定義了3D RTS的遊戲，直到現在都仍然是個傳奇，這個Collection包含了經典一二代、以及重製一二代、以及一個透過Steam或區網的多人連線模式。經典作品以現代繪圖技術重製，讓傳奇再次回歸！+完整的大包，包含一二代經典版與重製版以及多人連線模式+絕讚的現代繪圖技術，解析度支援到5k+除了畫質以外，所有音效也是高音質+一二代原作經典劇情以高畫質完整重現+工作坊的模組能支援經典或重製版+透過Steam多人連線機制可以簡單快速的尋找、加入或創立多人遊戲+開發團對持續關心Steam討論區與玩家意見*沒有新的船艦、科技樹或故事，除了畫質、音質與介面升級以外其餘基本系統都跟舊版相同-沒有""YES""-x1介面太小，x2介面太大，在1920x1080解析度下需要x1.5會比較適合-在修改個人檔案的頁面，徽章排列有bug，呈現一直行排列佔空間-官方提供的Mod toolkit只是一個上傳器而已重製版的畫質實在是非常漂亮，所有的細節都非常精緻。如果你是1999年的Homeworld老玩家，你一定要回來再次參加浩大的戰鬥，並看看你的愛船以高畫質重現。如果你是新來的玩家，那這款從1999年到現在都是最棒的3D RTS，你一定要試試看！PTT Steam板 中文心得https://www.ptt.cc/bbs/Steam/M.1425322402.A.2B6.html"
,Recommended,244160,15736207,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,TheCrippler,"Remembers playing the original: ""Oh yea, i ♥♥♥♥ing love this game!""Gets to the same level he couldn't beat back then: ""I ♥♥♥♥ING HATE THIS PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥""10/10"
,Recommended,244160,25480360,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Gaweyne,"I was bored and waiting for a train one day in August and saw an issue of PC Gamer, a ""100 Greatest PC Games"" special issue. Homeworld Remastered was at spot number 62. I tend to suck at RTS but I added it to my wishlist for later. I impulsively bought it the other day, after games higher in PC Gamer's list didn't quite click with me, and it's shaping up to be one of my best purchases on Steam ever.You play as a race of peoples whose culture and history have been erased, but have managed to preserve a map to their ancestral homeworld. Your attempts to reach the homeworld are resisted by an Empire, with whom your people have had contact thousands of years prior. The story is wonderfully enigmatic, and poignant, and thrilling. There's a curious religious element several stages in, which I also won't spoil. Mission objectives are varied, with unexpected twists and emergency changes of plan when things often go awry. The interfaces are beautiful and clean, and the mechanics of the game are fairly easy to pick up, with a short tutorial that should cover everything you need to know.So yeah.TL;DR -- Doesn't matter if you're not a strategy or RTS buff. Unless you don't like space and are allergic to fun buy this now.P.S. And if you're curious how this game looked in 1999, you have the option to play each of the games in classic mode.P.P.S. Damn Homeworld II is way harder than Homeworld I ;_;"
,Recommended,244160,27684936,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Hippy man,"Singleplayer reviewHomeworld, first released in 1999 and developed by Relic Entertainment, is a science fiction real-time strategy game. This was their first breakout success and was met with critical acclaim and successful sales, which lead to a sequel. In 2015, Gearbox decided it was time Homeworld became accessible to a modern audience. Working with most of the original development team, they painstakingly remastered the two original games. Their time and effort really paid off with this beautiful and lovingly crafted remake.PlotFor a Space RTS one would expect the story to be a bit one-note. Thankfully that isn’t the case with Homeworld, as the story is one of almost movie quality. It begins 100 years in the past. The world you live on is a harsh desert world, with its people split into warring tribes and factions. One day a crashed spaceship is discovered in the desert. Inside this spaceship, a stone table is found. The only two things on it are a map to a planet and the word ""Hiigara"" — home. The discovery of this tablet proves that the people are not as alone in the galaxy as they thought and this unites the factions. Jump forward 100 years and you start the game at the grand launch of the ""Mothership"". Thanks to what was learned from the crashed spaceship, this is the first ship capable of traveling at hyperspeed. What starts of as a routine test of the Mothership’s hyperspeed engine quickly turns into an ambush by an unknown enemy. To say any more about the story would lessen the impact it would have for new players. So the main mission is to overcome many perils and to guide your people to the lost homeworld of ""Hiligara""GameplayHomeworld doesn't really break the RTS mold, as the main focus is still on gathering resources, building a fleet and using it to destroy enemy ships to complete objectives. The one thing Homeworld does differently is the movement of ships. Because Homeworld is set in space, ships can move not only forwards, backwards, left and right, but can also travel upwards and downwards. This adds a whole extra dimension to fighting. You are not limited to a flat plain, but can use height for tactical advantage or even retreat to escape enemies. With this you have two view modes in which to control your fleet: Standard mode, which is the standard view mode with which you can select ships or watch battles or Tactical mode, which gives you extra details on where your ships are heading and gives a much easier representation and understanding on what height your ships are at compared to enemy ships. This mode is mainly used for precise movement of ships through the battlefield.Level and game designThe campaign for Homeworld 1 is broken up into 16 levels, with Homeworld 2 being structured very much the same way. The player starts out with an objective and then must accomplish this objective before they can proceed to the next. In between each level is a voice acted black and white animated cutscene, which acts as narrative progression. While common today, it was a very unique way of telling a story back in the days before 3D rendered cutscenes. The look and feel of the game goes without saying. Anyone, who has played a Relic RTS in the past, can expect the same smooth and responsive unit control and well detailed vehicle models. The game is full of beautiful backdrops of various parts of space, from moons to bright and vibrant suns, they really set the mood and feel of the game. To also accompany that is the amazing soundtrack that just helps add so much atmosphere and wonder to the whole story. The use of orchestral instruments and choirs during the beginning of the game just gives such a sense wonder and vastness, which fits the fact that your people have to travel the vast void of space in search of a home. But as the game goes on the tranquil music turns to strange tense hunting music, drums and alarms to really put you on your toes, knowing that the enemy is everywhere trying to hunt you down. Sci Fis of the time, such as Battlestar Galactica, obviously had a huge influence over the soundtrack.If any complaints have to be made, then it can be said that the movement system can be a bit tricky. Due to the 3D movement of ships, it can take a while to understand and get used to at first, as it isn’t very intuitive. That being said, there's a tutorial at the beginning of the game. Another minor gripe is the steep difficulty curve. Some missions are a walk in the park with others being extremely tough. It does help to make the levels very rewarding to beat though.In conclusion, Homeworld Remastered is a very solid and complete package. This is a perfect example of what a remaster should be, not only including the original unedited non-remastered versions of the games, but also reworking everything from adding a new game engine, re-recording voice lines by the original voice actors and a fully remastered score. Relic has outdone themselves by putting so much love and care into this re-telling of an amazing story. With two games and multiplayer modes for each, Homeworld is sure to keep players occupied for hours on end!"
,Recommended,244160,23440750,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,madlarkin8,Thumbs up for continued support from the devs!
76561197967718132,Not Recommended,244160,16342675,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,BladedEdge,"On the positive side: The game is very, very pretty when it works correctly, and it includes the complete untouched originals as a bonus, except they actually work correctly on Windows 7 64-bit from what I'm seeing. Homeworld remains one of the greatest PC games ever made. The uniqueness and originality of Relic's game is still unmatched and it required very little touch-up work to remain breathtakingly beautiful.On the negative side: Homeworld Remastered has many bugs which you will discover rapidly. I certainly did, in my first few minutes of play. The tutorials do not work; the voice instruction speeds by without waiting for you to hit 'ok' to continue, and hitting 'ok' will in fact skip a section of voice. The tutorial in HW1R is in fact for HW2, not HW1; it includes HW2's ships. Achievements do not work; they only unlock when you leave the game, and even then it seems to be a fifty-fifty tossup whether you get ones that you earned in your last play session. The game is highly unstable; I had to uninstall and reinstall it multiple times due to the game entering a state of crashing whenever you did anything at the launcher, and I'm still not sure what's causing the instability. If you have any sort of desktop overlay software running, for example MSI Overdrive, AMD Raptr, Stardock's Windowblinds and Deskscapes, or even apparently the steam overlay(!) you will suffer graphical glitches including transparent ships, broken UI effects and broken HDR effects.I'm keeping the game because I like having a version of HW classic that works on my machine. I wish the remastered edition worked equally as well. Hopefully in the future patches will fix this, at which point I will change my opinion to positive."
,Recommended,244160,23441313,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,QuiZZer,A shining example of how to do a remaster. The latest patch is just amazing work from Gearbox
76561197985948265,Not Recommended,244160,14759309,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Leviathan,"UPDaTE:the devs have finally decided to update formations, ballistics and AI behaviour.I will thoroughly test it and as those are the major downsides of the Re-release so far I might give the game a recommendation if those issues are gone after the patch!Until HW1 remastered formations are fixed you can't claim that it's an improvement over the original. Formations and stances are the very essence of Homeworld. If you mess this up, you failed. Get this fixed, and the remastered collection will be very close to a recommendation!HW1 classic is (apart from the graphics) still the superior version. This shouldn't be.The Good-graphic engine updates are awesome and it's a joy to look at-succeeds in recreating the original atmosphere-many bugfixes since release, see patch logsThe Bad-still bugs in ship behaviour (some got fixed!, see patch logs)-minor campaign mission design flaws that were not there in the original (lots of fixes here, too)-HW 1+2 races mixed in multiplayer. Pretty much unbalanced, because...(see next chapter)The Ugly-HW2 engine for HW1. This means: squads not working properly, stances broken. Strike craft behave...just wrong. Sphere formation while guarding broken. A nuisance!-refueling for covettes/fighters gone. I did like complexity...oh well.-squishy cap ships-HW1 ship management tuned down in complexity. Many tactics don't work becausestances AND formationsare broken. See above.So, some flaws will be patched, others may be modded. Until then, don't buy if you're a true fan andconaisseurof the original HW series. I hate to say it, but I'm rather disappointed. Wait until they get their job done!"
,Recommended,244160,14652418,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Alfgart,I shed a manly tear when I saw the Mothership over Kharak
,Recommended,244160,14650935,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,The Cream Of The Crop,"This game is fantastic.Graphics that were amazing for the time, a story in an RTS that is actually compelling, 3D space RTS gameplay with an interface that flows well and is masterfully done.And then they made a sequel that was better, somehow.Play this game and like it or we can never be friends."
,Recommended,244160,14651039,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Mantaray,this game is -still- the best space strategy game since sliced bread.Get it.
76561198019826511,Recommended,244160,14720871,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Slaughter,"A few years ago I began searching for a space RTS. I found a game called Homeworld. Allthough I was unable to play the game due to it not being downloadable and the region I am in. So I played other games and kept Homeworld in the back of my mind.Last week when i noticed it was coming to steam I jumped all over it. After playing Nexas Jupiter Incedent and the Sins series, I was left with a want of more. I wanted Sins openness of the skirmishes and the relaistic feel and look of Nexas.My first hands on with HW was great. I love the viuals and its feels relistic too. The radio chatter is very good as well. The only issue for me is how the campaign is mission based (I would like a big galaxy to build my empire and live amoungst the others) so I tried skirmish. The maps are too small and really result in quick deathmathes in skirmishes. All the while I am still loving the game I just needed it to offer more freedom.So I went looking for the perfect mod. I found Complex mod. Its exactly what I wass looking for and in my opinion makes the game what it should be and to me the best space game out there. Complex has a skirmish map that is 60000 km. Its basiclly a galaxy for you to skirimsh on. But its so big you have to use hyper space to travel long distances making it hard to be found and easy to disapear.If you like space, rts games, and you feel u havnt found that game yet. This game migh just do for you what it has done for me.I suggest using complex mod. It can only be used with classis HW2 for now, but you will not regret it. Remastered is great but with no mods to help me immerse myself into the galaxy, I will stick with HW2 classic for now.My Verdict:Visuals 9/10Sound 10/10Gameplay 10/10Replay Value 9/10Mods 10/109.5/10 without mods10/10 with modsThanks for reading."
,Not Recommended,244160,14654443,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Wintermote,"This review assumes you've already played Homeworld 1 or 2 before.tl;dr If you were hoping for a faithful and direct Homeworld 1 port - I'm sorry. You aren't getting it. This is Homeworld 2 with Homeworld 1 assets dropped in. Almost all HW1 related gameplay mechanics that made the game stand out, are gone.Pros:Upgraded graphics and UI; better multiplayer options (Relics, objectives, tech level, etc.), higher quality audio. Some under the hood changes to make HW2 mods easier to port and give modders some more tools.In the end, there's not really much to say on the pro side. We already know that both games are pretty good. Quality storyline (though the second game doesn't follow through like the first does) good art design, detailing, etc. If you've played the game before, you know all that. As such, most of this is...Cons:Most gameplay elements from Homeworld 1 have been completely stripped away to shoehorn it into Homeworld 2's engine: Ships do not stick to formation during attack runs; missile destroyers output a constant stream of missiles instead of a short high-dps alpha strike; Support frigates are essentially useless - they no longer repair larger ships, and with the removal of fuel requirements, strikecraft no longer dock and repair automatically at them; you can no longer exceed fleet limits with salvage in HW1- probably one of the most-liked defining 'bugs' of the game; multiplayer requires a 3rd-party DRM/sign-up to play; there is no way to disable mouse acceleration/smoothing or change mouse sensitivity; on multi-monitor setups panning is frustrating because the mouse isn't captured to the screen; UI elements come in four sizes: Big, really big, humongous, and jesus christ it's huge; multiplayer is in an unfinished beta state.I bought this game specifically for Homeworld 1 multiplayer - the original is no longer playable because it relied on a 3rd-party system called Gamespy. This remastered version of the game now ALSO relies on a 3rd-party system/DRM check called Shift, so who even knows how long multiplayer will be available. Certainly not nearly a decade like the original Homeworld 2.The rub is this:If you are like me, and you wanted to play Homeworld 1 like it was, in singleplayer or multiplayer; skip it. This is Homeworld 2 with Homeworld 1 ships in it, repackaged and resold. Modders have already done this with Homeworld 2. None of Homeworld 1's game mechanics made it into this ""remaster"".If you are only interested in Homeworld 1 or 2 with an updated coat of paint, and don't care for Homeworld 1's game mechanics, then it's worth a buy after a price drop. (As of writing, the game is nearly $40).Frankly, this game is an insult to Homeworld 1 fans. I can't say I'm surprised that the dev team took the easy way and just dropped HW1 assets into HW2 without doing anything to actually make them work - we're talking Gearbox here. I should've known better than to put money down with them at the helm.-----That said, most Homeworld fans have only played the second game, so in terms of mass appeal, this game still works. A lot of people are excited about their favourite Homeworld 2 mods - Complex, etc. being ported, and these people will likely be quite happy with the game. If you're a Homeworld 1 fan though, you got shafted."
76561197991663694,Not Recommended,244160,17365460,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,no way ma'am,"While I'm a big fan of Homeworld franchise and nearly♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥myself when they've announced a remastered edition, I must say they didn't do a very good job. 1st thing, the most important, is that the ships from the 1st installment (especially fighters and corvettes) behave the same way as in the 2nd game. And this is terrible, since fighters and corvettes work different in both games. Now in Homeworld1 I can't order my corvettes to stay in formation and unleash a wall of destruction upon their targets, instead they are flying around targets, and utilize half their guns at one time to hit the target, instead of all-gun barrage. I can't order my interceptors to stay in X formation and become a serious threat to single targets, instead they disperse and get destroyed by ridiculously accuracy-boosted assault frigates. And navigating in sensors manager is not as good as it was in original games (both of them). I do not reccomend this game, since it destroyed the gameplay mechanics of the first installment of the series."
,Recommended,244160,19545888,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Satoverlord,This game would be an impeccably-shaped gem in the modern history of RTS if Gearbox:1. Fix the mod support2. Fix the formation3. Fix any remaining bugs and glitches4. Add an option for us to change back to HW1's control and mission config so we can once again re-experiencing  our childhood  CORRECTLY in HD graphics.Still a good purchase regardlesslyDay 1XX: Still waiting for Cataclysm
,Recommended,244160,31355693,Posted: 25 April,all,wany1981,"Homeworld 1 made history when it was released many years ago. Being the first 3D space combat real time strategy game.No one has ever made space game other then FPS or Turn base strategy until homeworld.Everyone loved this game and I brought original homeworld classic as soon as I heard about it.I remember there were alot bugs and salvage corvette was way too over powered.It was one of the first good game I got on PC. Homeworld 2 released several year later but I didn't get chance to try it until now.Frankly I really think this is one of the best digital Remasering of an old game ever. It brings back all the joy and intensity I had from many years ago. Great new graphics, Great new Sound tracks, Awesome story scripting, breath taken ingame-cinamatic and execellent replay value now it's got multiplayer.And Yes.. After soo soo many years. IT's still the best Space RTS Strategy ever made from my honest oponion.9.5/10 for a well done remastering of a Legendary space game. A true space game fan must not miss this game!"
,Recommended,244160,32370341,Posted: 12 June,all,vakapad777,"Well, what can one say about Homeworld? The first entry in the series was groundbraking in every sense of the world, and deserves its place alongside timless classics like Deus Ex and Starcraft. The second entry, cataclism has unfortunatley been lost to time, but the third entry, along with the first are parts of this collection. The third game, homeworld two, while not managing to reach the olympian hights of its predecessor, is still a solid game, with an unbelivibley well polished controlscheme, and a catalog of wonderful mods rarley found attached to any other game.And then there is the remaster.Finishing that aforementioned polish to a mirror sheen, whilest keeping the excellent atmosphere intact, it is one of the few remastered editions that I can wholeheartedly recommend.Now some of you may be turned off by the legitimatley high pricetag, but keep one thing in mind.You are buying two excellent games, with a combined singleplayer runtime of possibly above twenty hours, and their remaster, and a platform for mods ranging from Star Trek and Mass Effect to Macross and Halo, not to mention the complete recretion of the cataclysm storyline in the remstered engine.Wait for a sale if you have to, but buy this game."
76561197998090998,Recommended,244160,14671152,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Merlox,"This game holds true to every aspect of the Classic.This is the grandfather to all Space RTS games. This game has single handedly changed the whole gaming industry when it comes to this genre because of this game. Good story telling, Good fun multiplayer, Almost no bugs on launch! (Man, I forgot how long it was since that was a thing.)Get this game, It's cheap, you get two really awesome games. Show your support for reviving great games and restoring them to today's glory."
,Not Recommended,244160,22191623,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Sweetz,"Note: This review was originally written prior to the 2.0 rebalance patch.  While the 2.0 patch gets the game to much better state, the original version of Homeworld 1 still remains better playing than the Remastered version; I have to stand by my thumbs down.---Homeworld 1 is in my opinion the far better of the two games and is unfortunately not well maintained in the Remastered version.Homeworld 1 was a game of relatively slow naval battles.  There was time to plan meaningful maneuvers, and the game has a certain grace many other RTSes lack as a result.  Carefully managing the units you had was in many ways more important than simply building a large number of units or even always matching units against their appropriate counter-units in fights.Homeworld 2 was headed by a new lead designer who decided to throw out most of what made HW1 feel unique and just make a Starcraft clone.  Rock-paper-scissors balance taken to extremes; huge fleets that could be wiped out in seconds; a game won more by clicks-per-second and sheer numbers than strategy.  It lost much of its grace and was a massive disappointment for me.  On top of that, another of its problems was a very poorly implemented dynamic difficulty system that scaled the number of enemies you'd face on some missions based on your fleet size and resources at the start of the mission.  On paper it's an ok idea, but in practice it punishes you for keeping your fleet alive and wasn't well tested or balanced so that sometimes you would face an unreasonable number of enemies.Homeworld Remastered puts the first game in the second's engine, and it is unfortunately rebalanced to be more like the second - complete with poorly implemented dynamic difficulty scaling.  Version 1.0 was nearly unplayable due to the balance being so bad.  The 2.0 patch pushes balance a bit closer back to true Homeworld 1 and reigns in the unreasonable difficulty scaling, but it still doesn't feel right.  Fleets that were viable with careful management in the original game still get wiped out too quickly.  Strike craft aren't as effective as they should be.  Plus there are AI problems with the units not engaging enemies the way they should.This isn't just a matter of me wanting the game to exactly duplicate Homeworld 1 due to nostalgia goggles.  I replayed the original recently and I still think it's a better balanced, more entertaining game than the compromised version of it they crammed into the Remastered engine. It's an incredible shame because the updated graphics of the Remastered version are great.I'll grant that building essentially two Remastered versions from scratch (one based on HW1's engine and another based on HW2) would be a bit too much to ask, and I'm thankful that they included the original versions in this package.  However, given that the Remastered version is a fairly big departure from the original, it is disappointing that they couldn't then do a very bare minimum of work to make the original versions more easily playable on modern systems.  Specifically, it's always been possible to configure HW1 to run in modern widescreen resolutions but it requires a registry edit to do so - not too hard for a savvy user, but still annoying.  Would it really have been that hard for them to do minimal things like update the options menu to be able to directly select modern resolutions?"
,Recommended,244160,23430612,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Hoshtog Swog,"Oh god, I love this game. Not only does this game have the benefit of the nostalgia that I so deeply cherish, it also has the benefit of a kickass developer pulling the reigns. Gearbox are just good people, they took a well known and beloved classic and wanted to make another game in the series, but before they did that they decided to remaster the original games from the ground up, while preserving the original feel and design to the game.To add to that, they also just optimised the original games, leaving the memories completely intact.It also doesn't hurt that this game is just, ♥♥♥♥ing, beautiful. I just have eye ♥♥♥♥♥♥s whenever I play, it's fantastic.(To enable Theatre mode: Press escape twice, press backspace four times, more games need this feature.)I can't recommend this game enough, if you are looking for an intense Space RTS experience that kicks you in the balls during the story and in gameplay, then this is for you.Please, for the love of all things RTS and classic, buy this game, show big companies that a faithful remaster is all what the fans are looking for, teach AAA developers to do more things like this, to not♥♥♥♥♥♥on beloved franchises just for the sake of a money grab, to be good people.Buy this game, you won't regret it."
76561197970875642,Recommended,244160,20006685,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Spidershade,"Homeworld is one of the best space RTS games ever created. Slower paced than modern frenzy RTS games, Homeworld lets the vast quiet of space sink in as an amazing soundtrack acompanies your journey. The story is top notch and the voyage  hits all the right emotional notes. The remastered version looks amazing and holds its own against all of the modern RTS juggernauts. Purists will also be happy to know that the original Homeworld 1 & 2 come packaged with this version as well.If you have never experienced Homeworld or are an avid space/rts fan, you would be remiss to not play this game."
,Recommended,244160,14819242,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,roflOMGlol,"As someone who skipped the original series I would definitely recommend this game! Music, arts, voice acting are working together to create amazing atmosphere. I'm not sure I've experienced anything like this before.Campaign is interesting, can't say it brings something unexpected but it's decent. Just finished Homeworld 1 and looking forward to play Homeworld 2.Graphics looks good. Good effects, loots of options. Can't say that it's optimized well though.Can't say anything about multiplayer, I'm not really interested in it.Bugs: don't be fooled, it has some. One crash, one uncompletable mission and few minor bugs in controls and behaviour of units, but overall it's ok. And they fixing it, in particular that mission was fixed the day I've encountered it. :)In general it's one of the best games I've played in a long time, definitly the best in this year so far!"
,Recommended,244160,14731142,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,tehOMGfather,"I don't think that ""remastered"" means what Gearbox thinks it means. While the game has had a significant face-lift bringing the graphic detail of the units and surrounding space to current resolutions. The major drawback is that they didn't really remaster many of the controls or flesh out some much-needed tactical options like ""don't deliberately crash into asteroids"" or ""hey, guys everyone come here… except you, go chase that guy and die!"". A lot of the UI feels a sloppy instead of being tightly bolted down and intuitive and much of what you didn't like about the original is still there in large parts. In a few cases it's made worse with widely variable strafing that will make you question whether your frigate captains are actually cats high on catnip. The graphics are fantastic, but the game is largely unchanged and not improved upon where it was sorely needed. As an unnecessary bonus, I can make the menu UI take up 90% of the screen."
,Recommended,244160,14732067,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Darth Biomech,"Yes, I can see why this is considered a masterpiece. The music is beutiful, the visuals now looks gorgeous, and the gameplay is, apart of three missions in both games, very nice and relaxing. A must have for any space RTS fan, definetely."
76561197970516990,Not Recommended,244160,14668678,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,|TG| Dongle,"In a word, dissapointed.If you are looking for remastered HW1 do not buy this game in its current state.  If you are looking for remastered HW2 you will enjoy it.  The remaster is HW1 ported into a tweaked HW2 engine.  The HW2 engine has limitations that break or substantially change core mechanics for HW1.The Good:-Looks fantastic.  Manages to update ship models and graphics while keeping the feel and asthetics of the orginal-Its pretty-It really does look niceThe Bad:-Formations (one of the best and most important mechanics in the game) are flat out  broken in HW1  (HW2 limitation)-No bullet ballistics, hits are determined by RNG (HW2 limitation)-No Evasive mode for units-No fuel for fighters (Probably a HW2 limitation)-Good number of crash bugs, sound bugs, and gameplay bugs of varying seriousnessHopefully formations will be patched but the cause is a HW2 engine limitation so dont hold your breath.All this really needed was a new paint job but unfortunately core gameplay was lost in the process.  Currently this is a dissapointment and I wish I could get my money back."
,Recommended,244160,33204104,Posted: 3 July,all,Builders League United,"The best ship under attack simulator.EVER.If you love star wars and rts games, and are bored of Empire at war, this is a must have.There is a star wars mod for this game, so you can get your rts experince form a galaxy far far away.I recommend this game to people who like space combat rts games, and star wars geeks,like me.So far, my experince has been one of the best ive had in gaming in a long time.10/10."
76561197986912394,Not Recommended,244160,32168710,Posted: 3 June,all,the_moidart,"As one who grew up playing the original Homeworld, I was severely disappointed by HW Remastered.Pros: Shiny.Cons: Too shiny, at times. The visuals are of course way better, but some maps have so much glare you can't see. On top of that, there's a massive reduction in functionality from the original game.To name a few: projectiles still use HW2's disappointing percentage to hit based system, instead of the original's wonderful yet fair physics system. Do you want to see a single fighter flying in a straight line not be hit by literally dozens of frigates? The dumbing down of physics, of ballistics, and of ship roles is in some ways even worse than Homeworld 2. In Homeworld 2, the system may have been a step backwards, but it was *balanced*. Homeworld Remastered is an extremely unhappy marriage of Homeworld 2's inferior gameplay engine with Homeworld 1's ship statistics.The campaign is poorly balanced to cover up the limitations of the new engine. Missile destroyers don't wipe out fighters anymore due to Hw2 engine's terrible missile physics? Add 30 assault frigates that can't hit them either! Capturing the frigates in mission 3 results in them being recycled instead of sent into your service? Send less enemy frigates! Salvage corvettes disable enemy ships before fully docking with them due to the hijack of Marine frigate code from Hw2? Popcap them low!Trust me people, stick with your original disks, copies, whatever. Don't pay for this minimum effort pallet swap. (Yes, the models are clearly copied from the free work of modders for Hw2). And don't buy it because it has the original game, that's just sad. Homeworld 1 deserved a new engine, that could deliver a more beautiful experience of the original masterpiece, not this 3/4 finished hackjob.And I'm told this is the 'fixed' version xD"
76561198058969373,Recommended,244160,15485488,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,bobx,This was the first time i called a spaceship sexy.
,Recommended,244160,18768065,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Kevin8082,"I would say(even with some bugs here and there that I hope that will get fixed with time) that this is the best  rematered game that I ever played, I played the original games before and I got completely mind blown and now with those beautiful graphics and audio my mind got blown even more, thanks for the remake gearbox and blackbird interactive."
,Recommended,244160,23436938,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,BeastSlayer,"Formations!!! Ballistic!!! For real this time!!! (the moment I saw units moves in formations and friendly fire on HW2 ships, I almost lost my♥♥♥♥♥♥  Now it improves upon every espect of the original games while keeping most of the original gameplay mechanics intact.Now they should rename it Homeworld Remastered Definitive Edition. Kudos to the developers who keep on improving the game."
,Not Recommended,244160,21928959,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Dazrael21,"Sorry, I'm a purist. The fighter formations don't work properly, and the change in how fighter combat is resolved is too jarring for me :(I was expecting ""Homeworld: Remastered"", and I got ""Homeworld: Rewritten"". It made me sad, and I stopped playing after the third or fourth campaign mission.Good effort, but I can't play it. Maybe if you've never played it, you should give it a go ... still a great story."
76561198067670309,Recommended,244160,14651919,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,WeylandYutani,"Im one of the People what played Homeworld and Homeworld 2 back in the days so maybemy Review isnt that for People new to the Game and Genre for RTS Games.But the Game is really great, it works well, has many Graphical options what look amazingwhen pushed to the limit. It has the Advanced UI from Homeworld two and any otherimprovement for a today worth Game. It has a well done and long Story with the Original Actors including Heidi Ernest for Homeworld 2 Remastered, also it features well done fights against theCPU what offers a good challenge. Multiplayer is at the moment in its Beta phase because itneeds balancing and it will get opened shortly.I only can recommend this Game, you get four Games Remastered and Classic for a fair price.It is one of the best RTS Games of all time updated to the actual Standards and offering a great amount of fun."
76561198035438491,Recommended,244160,14652214,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Tal,10/10 Right in the childhood <3
,Recommended,244160,14694905,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Jam Defiant Comspan,HomeWorld Games are hands down one of my Favorite RTS Titles  Next to Warcraft Games.  This was Really the first game to do space battles Correctly and my opinion the only one to do it correctly. I Nearly Played 200 hundred hours on the Original disk version.  So much in Fact i Warn the disk out Two times.  How you might ask well after playing the original campaign and playing the multiplayer and VS AI to death.  I wanted to see if the game had any mods so i looked up it moddb page and i was surprised to see it had one of my favorite TV show BSG as a mod and looking at that i Downloaded that Right there and started to play that into the ground.  im a big sci fi fan and this games Fan are nuts.  You like Star wars theres a star wars mod.  You like halo they got halo mod.  Pretty much got anything you can dream of on there.  But now that it has Been Remastered i cant wait to see what happens next.  Buy This Game Because it Offers More Play time than your average game Plus the Base game it Fantastic too.
,Recommended,244160,33640338,Posted: 18 July,all,Anakin The Weird,Markiplier brought me here
76561198058198249,Recommended,244160,31837078,Posted: 19 May,all,General Spacious,"One of my personal all time favourites, this game never really got boring. When I saw the remastered version come out I couldn't resist getting it. This games battles go from ""Hell yeah I'm winning!"" to ""Holy sh*t is that a battlecruiser?!"" If you have a social life don't buy this, I too had a social life once, but this game is way to much fun for that sort of thing! 10/10 for the game, and 10000/10 for the modding community that made Complex Simple and Simplex, both extremely well made mods!"
76561197999585005,Recommended,244160,14732887,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,T.W.K.II,"Well im a HomeWorld fan been one since its first release and I Loved it.Well as soon as I see a Remastered Collection of it My eyes bugged out of my head, I had to have it, and I Pre-ordered it (Never done that before, and wont do it again in the near Future).I start the game up and play ""Remastered"" Homeworld 1.... all they did was use the Homeworld 2 engine and beef it up with mods, IT IS NOT Homeworld 1 the story is the same sure BUT the gameplay and the ships are all Homeworld 2, this is just a Buffed up Homeworld 2 mod nothing more.Not saying its bad but I will say the ""Remastered"" title is a BIT missleading. I still like Homeworld and this is STILL fun.They NEED to give the lan play back to this game so you can still do lan partys.anywho good Homeworld 2 pack to have.IF your a Purest then I don't recommend this game for you, BUT if your someone that likes homeworld and mod it or likes  Big space battles this is a good game still.""Show them no mercy!""=Hiigaran scout"
76561197965151044,Recommended,244160,27120847,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,GreyHam,"This is what Re-Masters should be like.It's not an effective re-release of a game that came out only half a decade ago, with only graphical updates and better modding support *Cough*...Skyrim...*Cough*...Should have been Morrowind or Oblivion...*Cough*...It's a Re-Master of a game that was first released 17 years ago, that would not work so well if at all on current machines due to compatability issues.For me, this has brought back the nostalgia of the early 2000's when I first got in to gaming. I have fond memories of going to LAN centres, amassing armadas of Battlecruisers and using their Hyperdrives to warp to and destroy my friend's Pride of Hiigara.Game works well. Just like I remember it being back in the day. Having the whole 3D space as your battlefield just gives the game a greater sense of scale and epicness to your battles.10/10"
76561198034573935,Recommended,244160,19384602,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Gabe,"Amazing, it's beyond my expectations. Looks like alot of hard work has been put in since it first came out. It takes me back....Respect to everyone involved!"
76561197970790214,Recommended,244160,14724975,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,kal-el17,"To start, I played all of the games in the homeworld series for many years. I have been waiting for this reboot since it was announced. I think they did a great job on the textures/models for the reboot, but there are an absurd amount of bugs in this remaster. PLEASE make sure you support your product by releasing patches fixing all these issues. Some of the bugs I've run into, when you build the research vessel it warps in at random locations instead of coming out of the mothership. My harvesters will just stop as soon as they finish all close RU clouds. The resources take waaaay longer to harvest then they used to? I've increased the multiplier and it's just awful how long it takes to gather enough RUs to play the game. There was something lost there in translation. I wasn't able to move my newly constructed probe in the tactical map but when I zoomed in I was able to move it. In short, I recommend this game, but I really feel like gearbox let us down and I really hope you guys fix the errors you put in this masterpiece. PLEASE SUPPORT YOUR GAME AND FIX IT!!!"
76561198037322518,Recommended,244160,24388904,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Pulsahr,"This game is, NOW, perfect.At the release there were several things missing. I uninstalled it and waited, patiently. Since the patch 2.0, the last awaited feature (efficient formations) is here, and you have the most beautiful, strategic, and immersive RTS I've played since ... forever (I'm 40).StorylineThestorylineis epic, even though the HW2 one is less interesting than in HW1, you'll enjoy doing it from start to end.Is it required to clear HW Deserts of Kharak before ? No.Is it interesting to clear DoK for the story ? Yes, but not mandatory to fully enjoy HWR story. DoK was released (2016) long after HW1 (1999) and HW2 (2003), even HWR (2015).MultiplayerI didn't playmultiplayerat all (yet ?) but for the solo part, it is fully worth it.I know there's a lot of popularmodsfor multiplayer, and Gearbox worked his♥♥♥♥♥off to make everything possible for modders.I hope you'll love this game as much as I do, it deserves it."
76561197993300318,Recommended,244160,22881656,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,mr. bungle,One of the greatest RTS and space exploration games ever!
,Recommended,244160,14667046,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Sprengi,༼ง=ಠ益ಠ=༽ง Homeworld 3 or RIOT ༼ง=ಠ益ಠ=༽ง
,Recommended,244160,14733218,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,H0t_Air_Buff00n,"""Homeworld Remastered Collection"" is a great buy if you're looking for the definitive edition of ""Homeworld 2."" Unfortunately, its predecessor's campaign and gameplay leave much to be desired. I've yet to finish the remastered campaign of the original ""Homeworld,"" but I believe I've played enough to notice the various nuances that strengthen and diminish the product.While the reconstruction of the original game in the ""HW 2"" engine brings some welcome additons, like panning, strike groups and better visuals, it also introduces some new problems. Instead of listing them all out ad nauseum, let me just say this: The differences in the remastered edition of ""HW 1"" are likely to irk a good majority of classic fans.Regardless, there is some great potential in this product, and it is still the great set of games you remember. I can see some enterprising modders fixing a lot of the issues that many players are complaining about. As of 3/2/15, I would suggest waiting several months or even a year before purchasing this game."
76561198014721995,Recommended,244160,14685277,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,yojo056,"I played Homeworld 1 and 2 through highschool and college throughly enjoying the franchise... and I was in love with the modding community.  The ""Remastered Edition"" from the first mission of the original campaign has just blown my mind that this is a 15 year old game.  At one point I was losing badly, but I couldn't help but sit back and enjoy the beautiful destruction and scenery of what was happening before me.  Absolutely fanastic."
,Recommended,244160,14689839,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,earthling96,"I realy like homeworld. the graphics are amazing, in compare to the classic version. but the buggs in the remastered version taking a lot of fun. so if u want to buy wait some time...but after some, hopefully, patches it will be amazing like the classic version."
,Recommended,244160,15084332,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Arsene-Lupin,"The Homeworld games are both timeless classics, and one of the greatest tragedies in Gaming history is the fact that despite their success, no other developer ever attempted to emulate their particular, iconic style.These games are gorgeous. Their stories are enthralling. The gameplay--a tangible joy. Granted, the strategic aspects are a bit simplistic, but the sheer polish and intuitiveness and fun more than makes up for any percieved lack of depth.This remaster collection updates the visuals to look just as good today as the original games looked in our memories. So good, in fact, that they put many modern games to shame.Homeworld and Homeworld 2 are both All-Time Classics. This is an absolute must-buy for any gamer."
76561197983740996,Recommended,244160,22851172,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Chane,"'Homeworld Remasted Collection' is a package that includes the remastered version of Homeworld, a game from 1999, as well as the remastered version of Homeworld 2, that was released in 2003. Additionally the package includes the classic version of both games. Although Homeworld and Homeworld 2 are both very similar real-time strategy games, they both play and feel very different.The discovery of an ancient stone plate showing an engraved course through the galaxy, triggers your people on a journey through space to find your original home world. As expected this journey comes with many obstacles and as commander of fleet it is your task to overcome them. In other words, you have to fight. Think of Battlestar Galactica and you get the idea.The concept of the game is really cool and takes you on an intense science fiction journey that feels very unique. Every hyper-jump brings you to a new level in the game. Your remaining fleet arrives centred around your mother-ship. The mother-ship is capable of constructing all kind of different ships. Frigates, cruisers, corvettes, fighters or destroyers, you name it. Additionally you can research new technologies to upgrade your equipment. In order to build new ships you need to collect resources. Resources can be found in asteroid fields and shipwrecks.As for Homeworld 1 most levels are slow paced. Most of the time you are not attacked unless you engage the enemy. This allows you to take your time, which is a wonderful thing. You can drink a cup of tea or relax with a glass of whisky, harvest nearby resources, explore your surroundings and plan your strategy. In this way Homeworld 1 almost feels like a game of chess.Homeworld 2 is the complete opposite. In Homeworld 2 you are constantly put under pressure by never-ending scripting events that force you to permanently fight for survival. Additionally the amount of enemies seems endless at times because the developers implemented a variable AI that automatically adjusts to your fleet size and makes sure it's stronger than yours. The relaxing atmosphere from Homeworld 1 is diminished to a few isolated occasions in Homeworld 2, which makes both games two very different experiences.Both games are generally considered to be hard games. And while I really had to struggle with some levels in Homeworld 1 I was always able to manage them by re-trying one way or the other. This is not necessarily the case for Homeworld 2. The achievement statistic on Steams shop page shows that many players gave up on Homeworld 2. This impression is mirrored in the forums. Homeworld 2 is an extremely difficult game and can be very frustrating at times.Pros: (both games)- beautiful graphics, still not like games from today but considering the age of the games the developers did a great job- tutorials- good keyboard interface- very good music- good voice acting, well designed ship communications- option to manually save at any time, very important!- addictive, after failing to complete a level I went to bed and woke up at three o'clock at night, re-tried and made it :-)- interesting story- very good cutscenes with regard to contentsPros: (Homeworld 1)- relaxing, great atmosphere- difficulty is well balanced, rather easy in the beginning and pretty hard in the end (but still not as hard as every single level in Homeworld 2)- freedom to self-initiate the hyper-jump to the next levelPros: (Homeworld 2)- resource collectors and repair ships are now combined in one unit- more ship upgrade options- Cons: (both games)- games come without manual. Thankfully players provided links to the manuals in the forums that left me with four documents of 173 pages, nice- if you end up finishing a level with a remaining fleet that is unfit to beat the next level you need to replay the last level to make sure your remaining fleet is prepared for the upcoming challenge- one achievement asks you to play the tutorial of the classic game. Unfortunately this is not possible because the classic version keeps crashing. Forums are full of players with this problem. Adding this kind of achievement was a really dumb move from the devs.- Cons: (Homeworld 1)- last level seemed a little to hard- Cons: (Homeworld 2)- stressful most of the time- can be frustrating at times- too difficult- if your last main objective has been completed the game automatically hyper-jumps into the next level. This can be a huge problem if your fleet is diminished after a lengthy fight and you jump right into the next fight. In order to prepare your fleet before jumping you have to wait before completing the final main objective- salvage corvettes make no more sense because they have become far to expensive to justify the risk- maximum number of ships in a group is restricted. In Homeworld 1 you can exceed the maximum number by capturing enemy ships.- stuttering cutscenesAll in all I really enjoyed both games. They offer a very unique atmosphere. I don't know any other game with a similar mood. Homeworld 1 deserves a 100% recommendation while Homeworld 2 deserves a recommendation for the hard core fans but probably not for everybody."
,Recommended,244160,14697194,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,platypus_avenger,"Review in short: Awesome. If you have never played and are thinking of buying it, start with HW 2.I never played the original Homeworld, but I am a big fan of Homeworld 2. It still is one of my absolute favorite games. As you can imagne, I was rather thrilled. I still am thrilled as I play through HW 1. I have read several complaints that HW 1 Remastered has become too HW 2. How do i feel about this? Meh, never played the original. Only played 2. So I think its great. I loved homeworld 2 and have no problem with the remastered game.Multiplayer/vs cpu is a different story. Its beta so there is a bit of grace there. Some maps have next to no resources. Must have been HW 1 maps, Thats my biggest complaint. On the right maps it is a ton of fun. Love having relics as the center of some epic space battles. My inner 12 year old is happy. Can't wait for some sick new mods. I hope they flesh out some of the other factions that you encounter in the games."
,Recommended,244160,14700230,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Freyar,"While it's great to have Homeworld looked at again, especially as games like No One Lives Forever fades into being forgotten as a result of publishers not giving a ****, Homeworld Remastered Collection boasts some impressive visual updates at the cost of some of the gameplay mechanics that made the predecessors what they were.The best part happens to be the visual updates involved with Homeworld 1's remastering. It's absolutely stunning, texture detail beautiful. For Homeworld 1, this comparison is outsdanding, but for Homeworld 2 the improvements aren't as radical due to the game still being in the same engine. That's not to say that both aren't improved, but it's much more significant for the original.Some of the audio has been re-recorded and while it sounds alright there are portions where old (albeit not as compressed) samples are used. This makes it sound jarring since the same settings aren't used between both recording as well as the actor's ages have dramatically changed since the original releases. For Homeworld 1, it's nice to not hear as much compression on things, giving better clarity.The biggest problem with Homeworld 1's remaster is that old tactics aren't working. Formations are fundementally broken, shedding the fact that these fights are in space and momentum is a thing, instead going for a jet-fighter approach. The problem is that makes guard orders useless as you might assign a sphere formation around a target with guard orders, but as soon as enemies get within range, your ships break off and take forever to get shots on target.The good news is that having the Classic version is great, but while the Classic version does run, it does have problems with multi-monitor systems."
76561197974877503,Recommended,244160,14803257,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,ChefJeff789,"FantasticIs it a perfect remake? No. Some of the mechanics in HW1 in particular have been removed, and make certain missions that were monstrously difficult (at least when I was young) rather easy - like Gardens of Kadesh. The removal of strike craft fuel and the change in formation tactics makes it a very different level. There are also some bugs here and there like you'd expect from any new release. None of them I encountered were game-breaking.What surprised me is that nostalgia didn't cloud my recollection of this series. These games are truly incredible, and unlike any other game you'll experience. They require patience and deliberation that many games now have done away with, but it is every bit as rewarding as I recall. A millenia-spanning story, gorgeous visuals done the justice they deserve, and demanding, yet oddly relaxing gameplay married to one of the most unique UI's in all of gaming. Thank you Gearbox. I had considered this series lost in IP limbo until the THQ auction, and now a new generation can appreciate a flawed, astounding masterpiece along with its excellent sequel.TLDR: If you haven't played Homeworld and you like the RTS genre, buy it. You're in for something truly special. These remakes are awesome, and if you don't like the changes made, enjoy the originals in all their glory."
,Recommended,244160,14690044,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,STARKFIELD,It is very early days for me in this enchancd rendition - but I am liking it so far. The Graphics are crisp and vivid and the new sparkle definately has revamped this classic in a major way!IMPRESSED!
,Recommended,244160,14690636,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Haratu,"It has some small improvements from the original, but all the improvements seem very worthwhile.Firstly the question that needs to be answered: Has the original game miantained its great gameplay?Yes, it has. It is as good as it once was.Secondly: If I own the original is it worth getting the new versions?Probably not. Sure the graphics are better, and there are some UI improvements, but oveall the gameplay is not improved. If you care about graphics then upgrade, if not then stick with originals.Thirdly: Why should I get it when i can get the originals for a few bucks?Becasue by buying it you prove that such an awesome game deserves developers to be rewarded. Homeworld remains one of the most unique and awesome strategy games. Show how much you love it by buying it."
76561198009929918,Not Recommended,244160,14846174,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Xandalis,"Disclaimer: I'm assuming a long-standing familiarity with the Homeworld series here, for anyone who reads this.I'm very torn on this game. On one hand, I am a long-time fan of the Homeworld series of games. From the moment I'd played the original HW demo prior to the game's release, I was in love with the game. So much that over the years I've wound up with several copies of it so I could play with friends who didn't have their own at the time.Fast forward past Homeworld: Cataclysm (since it's not in this collection), to Homeworld 2. I was still quite happy with the game, although I was not so impressed with the new game engine. Also, I was quite confused with some of the continuity errors introduced into the units. Why were capital ships no longer capable of jumping themselves, with the exception of ships that could build the hyperspace module? In HW 1, all frigates and up were jump-capable without support. Why were formations and tactics effectively non-existant? They played such a huge role in carrying out a successful combat action in the original. The list goes on.So, here we are today, with the Homeworld Remastered Collection. As a lover of the series, I'm thrilled with its existence. From a collector's standpoint, this is a wonderful addition to the Homeworld Universe. It preserves the story and music from the original versions, and does indeed do a very nice job of updating the appearance of the setting.Now, the gripes...First off, they made subtle modifications to the classic version of Homeworld included in the collection. There is a queue-limit, restricting how many active build queues per mothership and carrier. Want to queue a whole mixed corvette wing at once? Nope, you can only build 2 types at once, regardless of how many of each. This continues on through to capitals ships. Also, they removed all capablity for multiplayer. There isn't even a LAN option. If LAN was still an option, through some network trickery people could still play multiplayer, even if there was no ability to just find and hop into a game like before the multiplayer lobby finally was shut down.Regarding the multiplayer side of things in general, I've only tried one game over the beta system (well, beta as of this writing, anyway), and I was unimpressed. About 15 minutes in, just as my teammate and I finished fending off an initial assault from the other players (6 went in via lobby, 4 of us wound up in game), the game just up&closes on me. No error, no crash message, nothing. Just back to my desktop.Now, onto my gripes with the ""Remastered"" version of Homeworld 1. In short, it's just a mod for the original Homeworld 2 engine (as ""improved"" for the remastered version of HW2). Unit caps, insanely-decreased hangar capacity on the mothership, a queue that can only build 2 or 3 different things at a time per production ship, RUs required for research (and no parallel researching anymore, just one tech at a time no matter how many sections you build for the research ship), and otherwise the same failings of the Homeworld 2 engine that the original HW2 suffered from. Namely the joke they called tactics and formations. And the same, clunky&screen cluttering interface (I loved the simplicity of the original HW's interface, it let me spend more time dealing with events in the gameplay, rather than trying to wrestle with which panel or convoluted ""shortcut"" I needed).As it stands now (and any patches/updates aside, will ultimately probably remain so), I really can't recommend the game collection. I really only bought it for the inclusion of ""Homeworld Classic,"" and while mostly happy with that part of the collection, I still have some complaints about the changes made to the game.Only get this if you have a similar love of the franchise as I do, otherwise you should save your money and look for something else to scratch your space RTS itch."
76561198022916953,Recommended,244160,14693534,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Steven M,"One of the best games I have played in a long while.The story for me is whats makes this, its not just a real time strategy.Music and cutscenes are brilliant.Cant recommend this enough for anyone whos on the fence about it."
,Recommended,244160,14672872,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Dysthymaeon,"Nostalgia aside, this is one hell of a grand remake.Better Graphics, Better Gameplay, Better UI, and Better AI.The Multiplayer and Skirmishes have been redone and improved.Homeworld has an excellent and deep dark story that is gritty and tribal.The Music is great and very atmospheric, dark and epic.This remastered edition is one to pick up for those new and old to the series.It combines both Homeworld 1 and 2 into Skirmishes and MP and lets you use factions from both.Still has a few bugs here and there but it is still early days.Most importantly it is one of those RTS games that keeps the immersion and the darkness of space.Has beautiful dustclouds, explosions, nebulas and planets.11/10This is not just an RTS or a simple game,This is Art, THIS IS HOMEWORLD.One that is timeless."
,Recommended,244160,14651112,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,NuclearPenguin,Its like going in a time machine to play one of the best classics
76561198131130434,Not Recommended,244160,21383370,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,gaschamberblues,"It's almost as if they said to themselves, ""Let's make homeworld look twice as good, but play half as well"".I can't say much about homeworld 2: remastered since I haven't played the original too many times  but homeworld 1: remastered is a tragic disappointment when compared to the original. I wish I'd read the reviews before buying. It's baffling that they haven't ironed out such major bugs in such a long time.Bottom Line:I can't recommend this game to new comers with all of the broken elements that made the original so good. You will be left wondering what all the fuss is about with such a mediocre game.I definitely can't recommend this game to veterans who've already tasted the goodness of the original. You will go 'Wow' when you see the graphics on level 1, and then you'll be mounting frustration as you discover one broken feature after the other.Details:- Formations: Don't work. Ships break formation as soon as they engage enemies which defeats the purpose entirely. Battles are basically a free for all. This occurs in hw2 as well.- Tactics: Don't work. There is no discernible difference between the 3 tactics. The buttons are just eye/ear candy.- Tactical map: Homeworld 1 allowed you to specify a 'move to' point, then hold the shift key to lock that point while panning with rmb to adjust elevation. This is no longer possible, and you have to specify both the 'move to' location and the elevation from a single angle. Not possible, not impressed. Also applies to hw2.- Salvaging: It's nice that they've made it possible to salvage those standard and missle corvettes in the early missions (without painful scuttle tactics).  It's NOT nice that the 6 assault frigates from mission 3 simply disappear when captured (and are down to 4 for some reason).- Resourcing: Nerfed to 500 RU's per load (down from 600) for no apparent reason. Takes an eternity to collect resources. Also there's a whole lot more resources available in each level, severely hurting the fine tuned balance of the original game. But I guess that was an easier fix than trying to fix the balance.- Balance: Downright terrible. Battles that should be over in a flash take forever and with unacceptible losses. An army of 21 interceptors, 7 heavy corvettes and 4 assault frigates should suffer no losses when facing 5 interceptors + 2 corvettes. Neither should they take more than 5 minutes. But that's not homeworld ""remastered"".- Interface: I, for one, preferred the original build manager to the homeworld 2 multi page build manager since it's easier building everything from a single page.If it ain't broke, don't make a half-a!$@d attempt at 'remastering' the game."
76561198046795355,Recommended,244160,14669753,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Ranik,"Simply put, a game everyone needs to see. If you love RTS and atmospheric stories then dont pass this up. I wont try to ice it over, this game has some aggrivating bugs at times, and I wouldnt recommend trying the multiplayer yet (or if you do prepare for some... ""fun""). I wish they left the first games mechanics how they were and not to implement the seconds into it. That way it would have kept its original feel.Recommend this game? Of course! Hopefully they fix the problems and support this game like it should. Those complaing have good reason to do so, however there are a few faults in their accusations:1: These games are from a different era where you had to really think and plan ahead, most may find the game a bit hard and frusterating as each mission always throws loops at you so in a sense you had to keep in mind what you brought to the table each time you finish a mission and start a new one.2: They CLEARLY SAID that they were integrating HW2 mechanics into HW1, sad but they emphisized this multiple times3: Many memebers of the Original Team were involved in this...dont go blaming Gearbox. Games must evolve, and adapt to changes in the industry. I also dont agree with everything but you have to ask yourself the basic question ""Is it fun?""As someone whos played this game since its first release and still have the original disks, I bought this for 2 reasons. First being Steams support (Which could add a much bigger fanbase, and easier way to setup mods) and that I simply felt the need to assist this series by buying it.They were never perfect but they were inspiring in their time... Just like now, its not perfect but why get so upset? Especially when they INCLUDED THE ORIGINALS!"
,Recommended,244160,14670936,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,SammuelMiranda,"Yes! If you never heard of this game, learn about it now.I have both games (and the other one in between - Cataclysm - that they didn't relauched) on CD since 1999 (the first). Once sierra vanished from history, i lost all hope from seeing these games disapearing as well (for multiplayer pourpuses ans such). Now, i have my hopes for the 3rd again!The remastering did an amazing job both on graphics quality and game improvements, without taking anything of the original titles. It is great not to have a full screen research for example. On homeworld 2 they had if fixed, and the remastered made it a pattern for both games.The games their self are great. It's easy to see the product qualidity here - both in history (yeah, these games you'll stop to watch their cutscenes BECAUSE THEY ACTUALY HAVE HISTORY CONTENT AND IMPORTANCE!) and in game play. As an strategy game, there's everything you may want. It is really a journey, and you'll feel that.Great job! And good gaming."
,Recommended,244160,14672972,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Zarathos,"It is just beautiful to see this game again in a better shape, this game is one of the best games of all time,.In this game you will experience the true meaning of (fleet), it is not an easy task to manage as some other games provide, but at the same time if you master it you will see how easy it is to play this game.I am glad that i have it and i am so happy that i can play it again."
,Not Recommended,244160,14754813,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Wardsylvania,"TL/DR: Game breaking bugs.  Wait for bug fixes and the next steam sale to get this one.I have fond memories of the original Homeworld, so I decided to pay full price to reward Gearbox for refreshing a classic franchise.  With all the good reviews from critics and some of the original Homeworld devs working on the project I was confident it would be a solid experience.Gearbox you burned me on this one.  I didn’t pay full price to beta test your code!  Frequent crashes.  Also game breaking bugs.  For example, if you have to reload a mission from an auto save, mission events will fail to trigger, preventing you from completing it.  Serious bugs in the AI behavior too.  Critical to success in Homeworld is capturing enemy ships.   Imagine my frustration when my own ships continue to shoot enemy vessels after I’ve captured them, often destroying both the captured ship and my own salvage corvettes in the process.  I almost threw a monitor.Don’t reward Gearbox for rushing this out the door and expecting us to Q&A it for them.  Refuse to buy it until they’ve resolved the issues and it goes on a big sale.If you’d like to know what kind of a hot mess you’re in for, start here:http://forums.gearboxsoftware.com/t/gameplay-bugs-feedback-megathread/95069"
,Recommended,244160,15899539,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Erayser,"Homeworldis unlike anything that's out there, it's a game who defined the space strategy genre as we know it, becoming a high standard. I remember myself playing with friends whenHomeworld2came out, the amount of incredible games we had, and still have. That was the best experience I had in strategy video games thus far.As much as I love strategy games, I fell in love for this title the first time I played it. I will probably always consider it as my favourite one, and that's probably the most valuable reason I started developing mods on it, not just because I wanted to create something related to my favourite science fiction universes, but because this game brought us so many possibilities that I had to do it.I seriously believeGearboxgaveHomeworldthe respect it deserves, like other people think. This Remastered version is definitely what we can consider as ""Remastered""... in opposition to other studios who tend to promote remastered games just because they changed the textures or the screen resolution. It's not a Remastered version, it's.. a Renovation. Now highlighting high definition score, great voices, Full-HD animated cutscenes and one of the latest version ofOpenGL,Homeworld Remasteredmakes the whole game really epic, with a well-told story.My unique complain is that they decided to remove audios from other languages(such as French, Spanish, Italian...)while they still have them and that the original records are already in HD. They said that ""they don't have them anymore"", so they would have needed to remake all of them with foreign recording studios, and I don't believeGearboxwanted to spend money on this, as they're not a publisher, and don't have the same amount of ressources.Pros of this Remastered Version:✓ Brillant and stunning visuals.✓ A better campaign (improved cutscenes).✓ A great multiplayer mode.✓ Far better Interface, and god we needed it.✓ A great User Interface, which proves Homeworld rhymes with Modernity.✓ Awesome multiplayer games in perspective.✓ New tracks and remastered awe-inspiring score.✓ Better movements and improved AI.✓ Steam multiplayer platform, a good point to play with your friends.✓ Mod tools, although not finished.Cons of this Remastered Version:✖ Audio strictly limited to English. A shame because foreign languages had really great voice overs.✖ Some missions could have been improved (strange movements).✖ Formations and BC should be improved as well.✖ Steam exclusive. Even the CD version requires Steam, which is something I consider as ""bull****"".There are cons, of course, but let us all remember than this Remastered version is a way for Homeworld fans to support the future of the franchise. Thank youGearbox, command line green. Homeworld Forever!VERDICT: IT'S A MASTERPIECE!"
,Recommended,244160,14673047,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Anumati,"After playing HW1 classic, I was foaming at the mouth to play this game. Then I get into the game. Fuel is no longer a thing, which has a huge tactical concern. Now its not. Formations don't work. Pricing on all units from HW1 was changed. In the single player resources are THROWN at you in massive amounts.  For example, in Sea of Lost souls. I had a large enough fleet to absolutely destroy the entire thing, then it became a game of just whittling down the alien ship with attack bombers. I'm sitting on over 50k RU  with 8 destroyers and 3 heavy cruisers.Enough complaining though. Is this game worth it? Yes. It's fun. Even with the drastic freakin changes its made. Get it, loot everything and bring your people home."
76561198060470937,Recommended,244160,25520857,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,keeperosin,Everything I remembered it to be and more.  I remembered the tight controls and surprisingly simple style for tactics (BTW definitely play the tutorial).  I remembered how cool it looked to send squadrons of ships in claw formations against enemy carriers (which looks amazing now compared to then).  And I remembered how the game gives you simple missions at first to ease you into the action.  But I forgot (I'm not sure how) the gripping narratives of the two games.  I was immediately sucked back into the journey across the galaxy and the aggressive response to enemy threats.Now I've barely touched the remastered game thus far: hardly restarted the story as of writing this.  It may be early for a review.  They could have bugs further on that I don't know about yet.  So far it's played smooth and error free (despite turning my gaming laptop into a blast furnace).  But I've played through the old versions before and this stands up to and exceeds my expectations for a modernization.Pros:.Gripping story.tight controls.great visuals.gentle learning curve (simple missions at first familiarizing you with the game).Bug free and plays smooth..Two games plus expansions in one!Cons:.You better play the tutorial or that gentle learning curve is going to be much steeper..new visuals (outside of the new lighting and weapon effects) are simply hi-res textures pasted onto relatively simple ship models from the original game so don't expect elite dangerous graphics..You don't own it yet.
76561198018837289,Recommended,244160,14670026,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Grotz110,"if the original was a 10/10, this is a solid 9/10. A few bugs and glitches in ship AI need adressing, including fighter formations meaning jack and the subtraction of Aggressive/Evasive options, as well as the missing Military Parade button. Oh and Mission 4 is WAY harder than it used to be [read: actually a challenge] just a heads up, Atk Bombers alone will NOT cut it anymore!"
76561197971438836,Recommended,244160,14673102,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,pseudonym,Still the same great story and still the same ground breaking 3D RTS. I am so happy to see this game and can't wait to see what the modding community does with it. You get two games in one and the graphics are just stunning!  Long live the mighty space banana!
76561198008954900,Recommended,244160,14692978,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,R34P3R,Very good game...the remasted edition needs some de bugging...
76561198006976666,Recommended,244160,14670941,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Dayngerzone,Best RTS hands down in the last decade.
76561197980774661,Not Recommended,244160,20655349,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Sniper 248,"I would not recommend this game if you played homeworld 1 or homeworld cataclysm in their original state. It is VERY broken. Especially harvesting. AI is dumb, formations dont work (which also breaks many tactics you would use in the original), harvesters have to attach to items, multiplayer is a beta, the homeworld credits song is gone, and you cant play as the Taidan in the redone version, which is dissapointing since you would think the WHOLE game would have been redone. Harvesters also need to constantly be retold to harvest. They will think they are done, when they are not. This game is an offense to the original homeworld."
76561198044532651,Recommended,244160,32185594,Posted: 4 June,all,Tunka,"One of my all time favorites, this game is one of the most unique and fun games to play.  The aesthetics of this game are top notch and really give you a sense of scale and harshness of space, and the music is perfect.  I have been playing this game since it came out (off and on) and I keep coming back to it.  It will also run on a potato, so you don't need a high end camputer to run.  I highly reccomend everyone to get it, you wont be dissapointed, especially if you have an itch for a space opera kind of game."
,Recommended,244160,23559507,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Guy Dedede,"When I first saw this game as a kid, I was amazed how cool it looked.When I first played it a couple years later, I was amazed on how it played.When I first found out about the Remastered Collection, I was amazed on how cool it looked.When I played it a year later, I was amazed on how it played.This game never disappoints"
,Recommended,244160,25440234,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Angelo,"A truly unique RTS (and the only one I know of that truly has 3d maps), HWR gives you the ability to move craft in literally any direction.  Don't know if the videos shown display this ability or not, I do apologise.  The remastered version is about as close to the original than any other game I have ever played that has been remastered to such an extent except for the 1st halo maybe. I have not played it, I will not buy a console for only 1 game (**** you square enix, for making FF15 exclusive to PS4).All craft are very unique, in what craft they are intended to combat.  The story is very rich for what you can expect, ships communicating to each other with icon thumbnails that are usually not an actual face (outside of some cinematics between missions).  There are 4 different playable factions, each with their own unique strategies for multiplayer and skirmish mode.  Only 1 race is playable in both games during storymode.  There is only 1 type of currency for both games, mined from asteroids (or dust clouds as well in HW1).  Most missions require careful tactics, lest your currency dries up before the next mission (still possible with just resources that are in each map - but not likely.The only critisism I have seen from the community, in the remastered versions, is that weapon projectiles function differently from HW1 classics.'  I personally didn't really care enough to get upset by it, I was just happy enough for the remastered versions to be as good as they are, but there are some players who are not too happy about that.Be aware, however, most missions can take a substantial of time to complete.  Although, there are setable parameters to make multiplayer games go faster and during anytime you can save on singleplayer.P.S.:  there is a third homeworld game that occurred between HM1 and HM2 named HW:Cataclysm.  I do not know why it wasn't remastered but the story of it not essential to the plot of HW2 (outside a near extinction event of a non-playable species)."
76561197962412567,Recommended,244160,14652258,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Ryann,"just brought our mothership to the outter space and encountered the first wave of enemy fighters. cant wait any longer to give you this battle report.GB has shown great respect to the old version of this fantastic story driven space RTS title, every element you see and feel in the remastered version brings you back to old days, but with a greater enchanced graphic, sound and interface. Until now i have not seen any downside of this remastered version, unlike what most of other HD remastered game did that changed alot of things which made those games more like a 'half new' title.For those homeworld fans, you might wanna play the tutorial missions first since GB changed some hotkeys so that its no longer the keys you familiar, for example the right click menu, now its Shift + right click.For now, there is only one word that can describe it - Beautiful!will see what happans next.Dont miss it out. Buy!"
76561198041646638,Recommended,244160,14693035,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,tjichoong,"Best space RTS ever!  With strong game play, captivating story line and good music and voice narration, it always evokes strong emotion for me while playing the game.  You must try it to experience it."
,Recommended,244160,22918059,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,ANCRON,"Fun, old sci-fi strategy games in space that got a pretty good ""facelift"". Includes Homeworld and Homeworld 2, both in classic and remastered versions, that work on modern systems.It's not easy game at first and it will take you some trial and error to complete the campaign. All ships have their strengths and weaknesses, some are better at dealing damage yet can't take much damage themselves, others are faster and more agile so they can overwhelm the larger ships if they have the numbers. Ships have either a projectile attack, missiles or energy weapon attacks. Some may have combination of all three like few of the larger capital ships.There are many different starships in game that are divided into fighters, corvettes, frigates and capital ships. Some ships you will use for specific tasks, not just attacking but repairing, gather resources, cloaking allies, capturing enemy ships, disabling them, shielding allies from damage and much more.In battle, ships can miss their shots, so 10 on 10 fighter battle can have different outcome depending on how lucky your shots are. And in large battles it's all about tactics and knowing your enemy weaknesses. Apart from solo campaign there's skirmish and multiplayer for some custom matches with friends.Homeworld 2 bring all that was great in Homeworld and adds more enemies, ships, modification modules, new research options for ships as well as new campaign. It's hard to review a ""bundle"" of sorts, because it's 4 games in one package, even though they are similar, the remastered versions have a lot of new features as well as improved visuals and game user interface.[Tutorial lady]: If you liked this review, click OK to continue.[ OK ];8)"
76561197968549870,Not Recommended,244160,18593641,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Rusek,"Homeworld remastered is a broken and disapointing PORT of the  origonal Homeworld into the Homeworld 2 engine.Due to being a port into a different engine, alot of the base mechanics just dont work anymore, major changes have been made to ships health, cost, unit caps, and damage to try and balance Homeworld 1 in the Homeworld 2 Engine. there are still many features that still just dont work, formations,  the cease fire command, captured carriers cannot build and contain enemy fighters after capture (fun!).if your looking to play a graphically updated Homeworld 1, this is not the game for you.if you have never played Homeworld, you will probably have fun, as you wont notice the changes.But as someone who absolutly loved the origonal to bits, it hurts to play the remaster, seeing the shortcomings in every facit of the game."
76561197969786249,Not Recommended,244160,14786286,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,mrkurtzhedead,"I usually do a bit more research before I make a Steam purchase, as a result most of the games I own were either given to me or I bought because I knew I would love them.I was a little wary of paying $35 dollars for a 15 year old game no matter how ""remastered"" it sounded, but I genuinely lovd the original Homeworld so much I decided to go ahead (I thought it would be great to be able to play online against friends for the first time in ages, as well!)I was worried about that when I was still using the traditional definition of Remastered and not, ""turned into complete trash."" Between the bugs and the changes the game flounders near the area of unplayable. For examples of changes, fundamental tactical abilities like telling your fighters to be ""evasive"" has simply been ripped out of the game. Whether or not this was to foment HWI vs HWII multiplayer is as irrelevant as it is uncertain, it renders figher groups so much less meaningful or useful. Fighters instead seem to behave in a sort of constant half aassed evasive which means that their aggressive behavior has also been scuttled.For examples of bugs, from mission to mission my groups would fail to properly select. If I hightlighted, say, all the ships in group one then they might all show they were in group one, but if I actually hit one, only a few respond to the hail. I have to reselect and reassaign them all to ""rebuilld"" between missions. But this is nothing compared to ships simply REFUSING TO OBEY ORDERS. I have tried playing The Wastelands three times now and in each instance a point was reached where some group of ships simply refused to move or engage no matter what they were instructed. I was especially impressed by my salvage frigates staring dumbly at me as I repeatedly tried to get them to capture a destroyer or, indeed, any ship as they slowly got picked off one by one.I have never before felt compelled to write a negative review for Steam. It's one thing to simply make a bad game, that happens all the time. But this is a case of taking a masterpiece and destroying it. And I've been offered the chance to waste $35 dollars for the priviledge of watching one of my favorite games of old trashed in this manner.Simply releasing the games for $5 apiece and rebuilding the multiplayer environment would have been the right move. As it stands, I regret this purchase without reservation and cannot recommend it, at least not until the myriad gameplay issues have been resolved. Even then, the graphis upgrades hardly justify $35. In my opinion, if you make this purcahse you are probably getting ripped off."
,Recommended,244160,23459137,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Bozocow,"Absolutely amazing game.  It might not be completely ""competitively viable,"" but if you're looking for an awe inspiring storyline and incredible atmosphere, Homeworld is for you.  And then you'll be dissapointed when you play Homeworld 2, but hey, what are you gonna do.With the new patch fixing formations and rebalancing the multiplayer, Homeworld has never been better.  Get this game now!"
76561197960407297,Recommended,244160,14703731,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,DarkSoul,Man this game brings me back to the good old days of playing Homeworld on my PC. It just like the original game except for the graphics being updated. There is also a MOD mode now so I am hoping there will be wonderful mods made sooner rather than later.
76561198093055044,Recommended,244160,14667890,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,leeskirs,"No need in wasting your time with a 12 page epistle review. If you have played the old HW's then you already know what this is all about, and yes the remastered editions live up to the legend. For those newcomers, this game sits easily within the top ten best computer games ever created. Even if the multiplayer is a little buggy the epic  campaign is well worth the thirty or so dollars."
76561197964145524,Not Recommended,244160,19528104,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,sekdar,"I bought this on sale expecting to play HW1 with better graphics and to have a copy of this game forever preserved on the cloud somewhere, even though I have the original CD. So far, things have been a huge disappointment. The following only applies to HW1 as I have not attempted to play HW2:+ The graphics have indeed been modernized and fleet combat is spectacular to watch- Every single ship has had their resource cost and battle prowess completely changed- The AI of strike craft has been completely changed,  making fighters nearly useless in every type of battle- Damage dealt by larger craft has been greatly increased, shortening combat and making tactical movement orders unnecessary- Enemy fleet scaling has been completely changed, causing some missions to be stacked ludicrously against you and punishing you for playing wellThe net result is that battles play out completely different. In HW1 Classic you had a framework for what to expect in combat: fighters would beat capital ships, capital ships would beat corvettes, and corvettes would beat fighters. Several craft would break these rules, but you always had the option through smart gameplay to even the odds - formations, tactics, and tactical movement could swing unfavorable fights in your favor. Now, in the Remastered version, all of that is pointless. Spend all your resources building as many of the biggest ships you can, and just drag a box around the enemy fleet to issue an attack order. Whichever side has the biggest fleet wins in a matter of seconds.No thanks.+ The classic HW1 game is included if you don't want to deal with any of this nonsense. Unfortunately, my experience with HW1 classic has been filled with bugs and crashes, something I do not experience when I install from the original CD"
76561198205829880,Not Recommended,244160,19692178,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,CirqueDuSoDeus,"If this is your first time playing homeworld, go ahead, get this and enjoy, you will probably love it. But if you spent your childhood or your younger days playing the original homeworld for hours on end, to the point of having a ridiculous amount of the campaign memorized, dont get this. Or at least get it and ignore the Remastered ones and only play the classic, because they managed to change it to the point that it just isnt homeworld anymore. This isnt Relic's Homeworld Remastered by Gearbox, this is Gearbox's fully legal almost the same ripoff of Relic's Homeworld."
76561197970567059,Recommended,244160,14673394,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Mist17,The Best remaster yet
,Recommended,244160,15485271,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,sonderkraftfahrzeug,"I have to say that Homeworld series is absolutely amazing. The remastered edition has beautiful graphics with lots of special effects that make you drool at the eye candy. The combat is fun and the plot sucks you in. However I find the first Homeworld to be incredibly buggy with everything from broken quests, wrong army size displayed and extremely slow unit movement. In addition I found the difficulty to be completely unfair and a chore to finish. I think you will have a LOT more fun to just play Homeworld 2 remastered edition. Overall I highly recommend 8/10."
,Recommended,244160,19647030,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,AussieWookie,"To begin the dot pointsThe lowsGames are often long, like most RTS gamesteams and units are constantly being balancedmatch making suffers for the usual people driven problemsThe HighsGreat ScoreTerrific visual effectsfun campaigndynamic teams and unitsterrific battle chatterWhy I like itIts an old school classic remastered as it says! This jem is one of a kind and in my opinion it is the staple for space RTS with a terrific score and challenging campaign. Its shining multiplayer skirmishes when players work together to defeat the opponent, where matches feel like a tug of war with players contesting resources until the final battle big battle with fighters and capital ships each filling out their repeated roles. Homeworlds beauty is in the campaign, each mission allows for the ships that survived to remain with you, and if your lucky you can keep that elite group of fighters that you get a the beginning. In addition, the steam workshop has great fan made mods such the stargate, battlestar, star wars and my two personal favorites Mass effect and Halo conversion mod."
76561198027757778,Recommended,244160,31728212,Posted: 13 May,all,Trencher,"Nice remaster work except the ""Collection"" is incomplete.Those ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s skipped Cataclysm and did not include it."
,Recommended,244160,32052489,Posted: 29 May,all,wexel64,"Great game, but I had trouble adjusting to HW2 since I am very used to HW1. The remastered edition of HW1 made everything more complex and expensive (as in RU's, not money to buy the game), but it is very pleasing to look at and play. For any fans of the classic Homeworld games, get the game, it's worth the money."
,Recommended,244160,14677182,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,WildKarrde,"http://youtu.be/eKe0d3JZ1D4Homeworld is one of the most unique RTS's ever made! There is still no other game (that I know of, anyway) that's anything like it. Not only was the fully 3D environment groundbreaking, the graphics had a beauty unlike anything ever seen before. This is how space games were meant to look!The remastered version is everything that the original was, and so much more. This isn't just an update to make the game compatible with modern machines, this is an honest, thorough HD remake of the game. The game looks fantastic, even by today's graphical standards.The gameplay still feels fresh and unique. I've played this game 15 hours since it was released, and not ready to quit anytime soon! In all those 15 hours, I have not run into any bugs or game breakers. The game has been smooth the whole way through,. I haven't tried multiplayer yet, as I want to finish the campaigns first, so maybe there are some bugs there (it is still in beta, after all) but the single player experience is flawless.If you were a fan of the original Homeworlds, this is a must have for you! If you have never played the originals, then now is definitely the time to experience this gem of a game!"
,Recommended,244160,28353478,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,V.O.,"My teacher once told me a game so good about being in space, i never had  the chance to play the original one, and only could grab these remastered games. and this is one of the best space games i've ever played"
76561198028400298,Recommended,244160,31749784,Posted: 14 May,all,MOrel,One of the best RTS games that Iv'e ever played!
,Recommended,244160,35008084,Posted: 16 September,all,AbsIe,"Slight bias: I grew up with Homeworld ClassicI generally recommend this. The new graphics are beautiful, and the gameplay for HW2 is great in the remaster. The HW1 remaster, however, is clunky to the point of unplayability.HW1 should never have been ported into the HW2 engine, it's fundamentally a different game, with different mechanics. The attempt to overhaul them has fallen short of the mark, by a long shot. To me, it feels as though I have to fight the game to get fleets to behave as expected.However, HW1c plays as smoothly and beautifully as I remember, and is still worth playing from a strategy perspective.HW2r is more beautiful, more smooth, and all-round better than its classic counterpart. HW2r is the game as if it were made today.Overall, I think in order to properly remaster HW1, it should simply be re-built with better graphics in mind, the movement and combat code can likely be copied and pasted direct from source. The HW2 remaster is, without a doubt, better in every way than the original.TL;DR: Play Homeworld Classic and Homeworld 2 Remastered."
76561198002211553,Not Recommended,244160,19371704,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,TurtleBoy,A disappointing redo of a good game.  Formations and therefore advanced tactics do not work in the first game.  Okay for the original games that are attached but I do not recommend buying this otherwise.
,Recommended,244160,14724650,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Styke,"Homeworld 1 Classic alone is worth more than 30$Homeworld 1 Remastered is a soul-crushing disappointment in almost every regard, I advise any true fan or interested player in skipping it ENTIRELY and just playing Classic.Homeworld 1 without story scripting or dynamic AI is simply a travesty, a crime against the classic. The original had such depth of story and character to it's combat - physics made strike craft valuable and the slow, thoughtful speed added to the immersive camera-lock to create a universe you actually felt connected to.This is a game you listen to and a game you learn. The ambience alone shocked a generation for it's peerless depth and charm. Ships hum, sirens blare, engines flicker and fail as the ship loses it's barings and tilts dangerously to one side. Plasma hisses as it zings by, potentially smashing into the hull of an unintended target. Every cutscene is a treasure trove of subtle effects like the bentusi crack of strange, digital interference. Hatches open with pressurized whines and derelects sing with a mournful dirge that Relic has faithfully recreated in every game since."
,Recommended,244160,14920931,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Nekuth,"Well, 15yrs later I returnSadly, I think its a game that was probably better in the past, due to its ground breaking nature. Its lost none of the appeal however, but kept the bugs you had long forgotten!Returns are the bad formations, when your forces are slow to move and allocate firepower, that allow the AI's smaller forces deal more damage to you. Firing at salvaged ships. Building fighters that do nothing.However, you get to relive the story mode, which gives you love for the faceless race you represent. You travel the known galaxy in your attempt to see your old Homeworld. You get to feel the immense power of having a Heavy Cruiser.It really is about reliving your past with this game, is it worth the money you spent to get the game? probably not, but thats not the point of this game. You write the story as your people return home!In all, I'm enjoying the game, its nice to see a game where just building a massive force doesn't mean victory. Brute force means nothing if your taking damage from a Super Nova. Or when your larger ships become enemies versus a ghost ship. Then you get to try to fight enemies on your terms, using your tactics...which mostly involve salvage corvettes....I would say get the game, its past of your past, and with Steam Workshop, the endless mods should add hours of gameplay.Pro'sImpressive and heartwarming storylineA 3D enviromentCon'sDodgy formations which can give the enemy the advantageStrange ship discissionsHarvasting system is very strange and just plain annoying, as they spend ages getting place to place. and when you hyperspace, you are given ALL the RU's on the map, making the harvasting of little point (the hyperspace tip is fantastic for the super nova mission, where you can lose all harvasters)"
76561197992382773,Recommended,244160,15071351,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Zefilon,One of the best strategy game i ever played and the mods are awesome. I know that some people complain about some bugs but i really had no problem so far =) btw: i recomend u guys to check fleet command mod for the original HW2 its awesome.
,Recommended,244160,31492572,Posted: 1 May,all,ILoveCostcoPizza,The BEST space RTS ever made period!
,Recommended,244160,29340205,Posted: 18 January,all,Navrin,"Spoiler Free Review:Once you step into the realm of Homeworld, a flood of memories will hit you like an onslaught, meeting an old friend, a friend who is out to kill you.  I remember the game being hard, but I totally forgot how hard.  If you like a challenge, this is the game.  It is both engaging and challenging.  You're not playing for the story, which is contrived, but it's the game play where this game shines.Controls are excellent for moving in 3D space, and the graphics are quite an improvement over the originals.  I wish the graphics were a bit better though, they aren't the best of what is currently out there, a little room for improvement.Be prepared for a challenge.  You'll replay levels that you won just so you can have a few more ships and resources left over to give you an edge in the next mission.Rating: 8 out of 10. Recommended.Playing on i7-6700, 16Gb Ram, GTX1070"
,Recommended,244160,15111174,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Ashtar [PT],What else is there to say ? It is HOMEWORLD! in all it's glory!!IF SOMEONE MADE A MOVIE OUT IF THIS GAME IT WOULD PUT MANY GOOD MOVIES TO SHAME!!!THat's how good the story is!and every mission is always packed with a surprise... always tension... the music....the atmosphere! everything! buy it! play it!! it's worth it.
,Recommended,244160,14666428,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,maegki,Brilliant restoration is the best way I can think to describe this piece of art.Really cool to revisit a tittle after all this years and feel like I'm playing it for the first time and enjoying it like I did before.Great work form all people involved!
76561198012029759,Recommended,244160,14708259,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Jeron ॐ,"This beutifal game is just as much a work of art as it is an immersive gripping RTS.12 years later and with this incredible remasterd version I'm thrust back into the admirals chair to experience this all over again! amazing, wonderful, stupendous! 10/10"
,Recommended,244160,14713272,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,GothicCorpse,Great game highly Recommend :)
76561198274867855,Not Recommended,244160,33610493,Posted: 17 July,all,Name's Ash... housewares,"I'm going to say the Homeworld games themselves garner a RECOMMEND, but I have some issues with these remastered versions.  These remasters, at least with Homeworld 1, have some really annoying bugs.  I've run into several that have hindered playing the game, especially in an RTS where response time is a factor.I've had the ""auto launch"" and ""stay docked"" boxes randomly flip during a level, so I'd have to select auto launch to keep the fighters in the mothership.  Very often the groups and individual ships will change their tactics on their own, aggressive to passive, etc, between levels which is a problem when you notice half your fleet is taking fire and not engaging enemies.  Assigned groups are forgotten between levels, or all the ships in the group will not respond, and rapid reassignment is needed in the middle of fights.  Oh, and spacebar out to the long-range tactical map randomly stops working.  Often.  It's ridiculous since you need the wide shot of the battle pretty much the whole time.Overall, I think the gameplay and controls were better with the originals.  The new overlays/graphical updates are ok, but nothing earth-shattering.  The bugs are aggravating enough for me to bounce off these games and just go play the old ones.  Still the original games themselves are fantastic.  I just don't like the update."
76561198061396381,Recommended,244160,32894661,Posted: 27 June,all,Grolim,A classic and for good reasons. This game deserve its place as one of the best games ever.
,Recommended,244160,26918998,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mak-in-Toge,"If you're searching for a good RTS with full 3 dimensional battleground, or simply a really good RTS, it's the one.If you have the heart of a warrior and won't go down without a fight, Homeworld also have great campaign story.It's a good RTSThe remastered collection come with the classical version wich I recommend too for their original gameplay.The remastered have really nice graphics, true to the classic version wich bring majesty to endless space.And before I forgot, it's a good RTS.It also have an immersiv audio that really let you feel deserted space,  epic battle and sorrowAnd one BIG feature : mods ! lots of fun mods with some that completly change the game to make it another great game on its own."
,Recommended,244160,28914717,Posted: 1 January,all,Logos,"This game on it's own is truly a wonderful experience it has a challenging campaign,excellent AI,and most of all it got a remaster which made it's graphics a whole lot beautiful.If you like space and strategy games,this is all for you."
,Recommended,244160,14726495,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Deepeye,"I remember when I first played Homeworld in 99. It impressed with it's captivating storytelling, visuals and soundtrack. It was the best space 3d RTS anyone knew at that time.Remastered version has all the great aspects of the game intact (mechanics, UI friendliness and controls of HW2, epic soundtrack) but where it really delivers is even more tuned narration and suberb graphical overhaul (light rays, shaders, textures of immense quality, motion blur, bloom and depth of field effects).This is a legendary gem, carefully polished and brought out to public once more to grace it's status of still being one of the, if not the best space 3d RTS game made to date.Homeworld is deep, captivating, incredibly atmospheric and now stunningly beautiful aswell with Steam multiplayer support. Only downside is that Cataclysm (standalone expansion of original game) has not been remastered and classic version is not included in the package.Homeworld is one of the best games I have ever played and still is unbeaten champion in it's genre 16 years from its original release. Use the chance to experience the game in all of its glory. It is that good! /props to Gearbox9.5/10"
76561198084512683,Recommended,244160,23211785,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,H0meWrecker,I really love this game. Its worth it! :D And all the DLC you can think of as well. They are going to do another Remaster version as well.. Can't WAIT FOR it. :D
,Recommended,244160,32985950,Posted: 29 June,all,Bobby.C,"This game, is very complex. Confusing at first. I spent the first hour thinking it'd be another RPG-RTS! Oh man, i was so wrong. The mechanics is complex if not a little steep.With a little love and dedication, you'd fall in love with the story. I did, and it is beautiful!Edit: At just over 7 hours of gameplay and just reaching halfway into the game of Homeworld Remastered 1, the gameplay and storyline especially is immersive and beautiful. I felt hatred, empathy and compassion when the story unfolds bit by bit. You really have to sit back and understand why certain things happen, then move on and begin your conquest for your homeworld.I do not know nor have i played the non remastered version yet, but all i can say is that this game deserves a 10/10 for its gameplay and storyline. The combat RTS mechanics are a little bit hard, but you'll eventually be fulfilling your dream of sending a squadron of fighters or a battleship-esque gameplay of Galactica / Star Wars."
,Recommended,244160,14667912,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,❖ Sypher™,"The term ""HD Remake"" is thrown around a lot these days and conveys almost the same amount of infamy as ""Early Access"". Homeworld Remastered, however, is an absolute exception. Gearbox seemed to have made it their goal to stay as true to the original as possible, while still carrying it over to 2015. Very successfully so, I might add!Quick overview:Homeworld's core game mechanics have been entirely preserved for Homeworld Remastered, down the smallest detail. It is delightful to see how extremely well Homeworld's rather unique approach to 3D real time strategy has aged.Graphics have been revamped while absolutely keeping in line with the game's distinctive art style. It's beyond anything I expected.NB: The original Homeworld 1 user interface has been forfeited in favour of Homeworld 2's much leaner and less cluttered UI. Smart move, really.Sound and music, both in terms of recording quality and ingame sound engine, had major overhauls. Very noticeable. After all, they got none other than Paul Ruskay himself, who scored Homeworld's original soundtrack.This ""remastered"" version was clearly done by people who appreciated the original game for what it represented back in 1999 (and many years to follow). They gave it a loving, respectful, much desired and much needed facelift to bring it to modern systems.The result is nothing short of stunning. Players new to the series are absolutely recommended to take a closer look at the revival of an RTS cult classic; Homeworld veterans will immediately feel at home and - as in my case - nostalgic as hell.10/10, easily."
76561198115257611,Recommended,244160,33134914,Posted: 2 July,all,"Operating, Operationally.",Remembered playing this 10 years ago. First one was already old back then.Still the best space RTS I've ever played.
76561198015727229,Recommended,244160,14717227,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Kane Dimitroff [173rd],"If you liked either one of the old homeworld games, GET THIS! i did and i fell in love with it, as i havent played much of it though, but once my life relaxes a bit, i will be playing this alot"
76561198000632495,Not Recommended,244160,19364291,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,drunkengarbagecan,"Huge disappointment if you're a fan of the old games. Especially HW1:RM plays nothing like the original. It may look pretty on the surface, but it's a mess underneath.Won't get fooled again, Gearbox!"
,Recommended,244160,14652682,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Emperor Solaris,Simply Amazing!!! i was alreday expecting a lot of updates watching all the tralers and demo people were posting but i still got amazed at the ammound of details that was given to the game!my only let down was that you can no longer select the Taiidan as your faction to do the HW1 campaign :/but reviving all the memories is being a BLAST!
76561198040758095,Recommended,244160,14694348,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,tjjared,this came is amazeing i have beaten both homeworld one and 2 and had a huge amount of fun. an improvement in every way over the originals i highly recommend this game.
,Recommended,244160,14697213,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Tiderian,"No review, just a thanks to the Devs.Been a player since Load""*"",8,1 and I don't recall how long it's been since a game made me want to call out sick.  Thanks for making me feel like a kid again.Ti."
,Recommended,244160,14652155,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Calzetines,"I have so many other games.That need my love and care.So many worthy of my time.They were great games.I will miss them!Mi bodi is redi 4 u, HW /11"
,Recommended,244160,14704263,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,mamolian,Homeword gorgous space fleet based rts. Delighted to see it restored so a new generation can enjoy it :]
76561197981159678,Recommended,244160,16282192,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Dr Strangelove,"Where to begin? Homeworld 1 and 2 probably form the basis for the late THQ's success in the RTS genre; an excellent story driven campaign, X,Y,Z axis space combat, an epic sense of scale in relation to said combat and one of the best soundtracks to any game, not to mention the stylish cut scenes that convey the story to the player. However the remastered collection has reworked both titles (HW1 and HW2) in an improved homeworld 2 engine and thus delivers what we all wanted; HW1 in high definition jaw dropping glory. Also players can now enjoy a combined multiplayer experience with the factions from both games available to play against one another; so if you ever wondered who was the more hard core out of the Tiadan and the Vagyr you can now find out! Last and by no means least the steam workshop adds mods from many diverse sci fi franchises such as star wars, star trek, BSG, mass effect, wing commander etc etc. Therefore in conclusion I am rather grateful that nothing crazy like Homeworld 3 was attempted as the original two games have been unsurpassed for over a decade - until now."
76561198045740151,Recommended,244160,14775664,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Mighty Norwegian Loaf,"A nostalgia must have for RTS gamers, or for people wanting to try something new. What makes the homeworld games so unique is that the combat is three dimensional, something that makes it different than most RTS game to date."
76561198176071351,Recommended,244160,19775194,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Reconjack85,"The original HW series took up months if not years of my younger life, it's amazing to have a reinvested appreciation for the games through Steam.  The graphics are unreal, gameplay has been enhanced, it's obvious much time was spent making these games all they can be for modern times.  I can't wait to see if they find a way to recreate Cataclysm too!"
76561198082058174,Recommended,244160,29596484,Posted: 30 January,all,_Remigio_,"The good-Mothership-A classic restored. Homeworld is a gem i regret missing out back in its hey day. There is a reason why its the Granddaddy of space RTS.-RTS is rock solid. You assign control groups into several different formations. There is a good reason to delay finishing a mission to harvest resources. Surviving untis carry over to the next mission and each has a purpose, some have abilities, but each has strenghs and weakness to consider.-Each level bring a unique obstacle to overcome.-Some enemy units and tactics can feel cheap but preperation and good strategy will always win out. It helps to be patient and methodical and it feels tremendous when you overcome.-Tactical overlay is awesome and i wish more space RTS had it.-Strong narrative. The lore is an interesting take on space fantasy and the far future. Its dramatic, somber, compelling and well paced.-Remastered visuals are pretty. Explosions are vibrant and explody. Wear and tear show up on selected ships and debris liters space. You can pause the action to take snapshots if compelled.-The audio is outstanding. The voice work, sound effects, the OST in particular is, in my opinion, the best in this genre.The bad-The game can and will crash. Its a given with games today sure but when you're  30mins+ into a mission that's going well nothing is more irratating than an unexpected crash.-Unit management can be a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ Despite ordering a group to be defensive and gaurd another unit (which you assume they would hold their ground and fire at incoming enemy) they'll go off and chase an enemy and get slaughtered.You really have to consider what all units are doing at once which gets tricky when the fighting heats up. Just know that units you assign to gaurd WILL fly off to assault what the gaurded is ordered to attack. Formations is key.-♥♥♥♥ the Junkyard Dog.-Some mission objectives might not register despite having done excatly as instructed forcing you to restart Steam or at worst redo the whole mission.The ugly-My system more than meets the requirements but the game can get glitchy in long play sessons. RUs and captured units can dissapear from the screen but be in game.-Units can freeze in place-Acheivements, whether you care or not, might not unlock forcing you to redo missions.Despite the bugs if you're an RTS fan, Homeworld is definitely worth playing and worth the price of admission. Thank you Gearbox and Blackbird for restoring this classic. Thank you Relic"
76561198136632775,Recommended,244160,25972245,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,tonitaandu,It is one of these games where you feel sad after finishing it and don't know what to do with your life
,Recommended,244160,27094823,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,CriZ303,"For me its still the best space RTS-game on the market! The style is incredibly good, very atmospheric and a great story even after this long time. The soundtrack is one of the best I've heard in any game so far. Absolutely recommendable!"
,Recommended,244160,27929744,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Bleep Bloop,"The game that redefined a genre, 3D Space RTS. I can't recommend this any more. This game was my childhood and to see it remastered with updated graphics just brings tears to my eyes. Homeworld will forever be that pioneering game that made space beautiful to everyone."
,Recommended,244160,30575649,Posted: 17 March,all,Sgt. ScratchandSniff,"I played the original game way back in 2000. I played the two sequels when they came out, as well. I loved them to bits. But then I heard Gearbox was doing a remastering of the games. Say what you will about Gearbox, they hit it out of the park with this collection. I nearly cried when I started Homeworld up for the first time in a decade and a half.The good: Basically everything. The audio was remastered based on the original recordings and it all sounds incredible. The graphics have been updated and look gorgeous. The UI now using the Homeworld 2 UI for both games, which is a massive improvement over the original Homeworld.The bad: No one knows what happened to the source code for Homeworld: Cataclysm, which was a cool, albeit strange, spin off from Barking Dog Stuidios. Therefore, the Collection is, in my opinion, incomplete. Maybe we'll get lucky and the source code will turn up.The takeaway: I had felt that Homeworld had held up pretty well, given it's age. I still think that, but the Remastered Collection brought the game to being as close to perfect as a game can get."
,Recommended,244160,23438124,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,MrEvil,"If you had asked me to review this Remastered version of Homeworld back when it released.  I wouldn't have rated it very positively.  The big problem I had with the game then was that the Homeworld 1 assets and campaign were superimposed on the mechanics and engine of the 2nd game.  Unfortunately Homeworld 2 changed the way fighters were built and controlled from the first game.  This creates a game-breaking problem in the Homeworld 1 campaign (which is worth playing on the original release).The latest 2.0 update to Homeworld: Remastered has largely fixed those issues.  Fighter formations and behaviors for Homeworld 1 fighters have returned which is crucial to success in the campaign.  I have yet to try this in Multiplayer to see how this affects balance.  That being said, I'm very happy with the update Gearbox has made to this game with regards to the single player campaign and I look very much forward to completing it again in the remastered edition."
76561197970205339,Recommended,244160,23004004,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Shinikake,"Homeworld, nothing more needs to be said..."
,Recommended,244160,31590401,Posted: 6 May,all,Nick Ref the Blikkim,best story during campagin of all time
,Recommended,244160,14769369,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Pharaoh,"I'm not going to be a nerd and point out all the OCD issues with this remasterd release like most people and I will simply say, if you're a true Homeworld game fan, then simply put, get it. It's fun to be back in action and it all looks even prettier."
76561198071813354,Recommended,244160,14734629,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Malekith,This is my first space themed RTS. I would say the game is awesome as it maintains the feel of a classic RTS game. Homeworld is a game worth buying since it is not expansive and it includes Homeworld 2 which is a very good deal.
,Recommended,244160,14738749,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Satire is Dead,"Really short review. Probably won't update in the future.The whole package is great, especially for me since I'd never played the originals. It's important to note for Classic players, though, that there are a few changes to ship behavior and mission structure in HW1R(remastered). Aggressive/Evasive tactics are out, literally removed, and some of the missions appear to have been nerfed for some reason, the Kadesh in particular. The game also hosts a dynamic difficulty setting based on your fleet size, though the specifics of its behavior evade me. Strike group behavior is also altered, making behaviors like setting a Defender squadron to Sphere Formation and guard your target behave differently from Classic. The way damage and accuracy are rolled when ships fire are also different (iirc, it's based far more on dice rolling now).Why is it like that? Well, HW1R runs in the HW2 engine.That being said, I enjoyed HW1R a lot. The story is very vague and built on a lot of mysticism and prophetic themes. The game itself was enjoyable, although I wish that the AI on ships were far more intelligent. You do have to babysit your units (in HW2, too).HW2's a lot better as a gameplay experience though, although its story is a bit less interesting. I felt like a greater number of my ships were valuable throughout the course of the game, vs HW1, where the majority of the units you can build become obsolete very quickly.HW1 had a huge pacing problem because there was no form of time-compression to harvest resources, leading to post-mission lulls lasting over 30 minutes at a time where all you're doing is waiting for utility ships to mine up the money.HW2 solved the problem by crediting you with the resources when a mission was completed, and its overall campaign pacing is much more intense and demanding, definitely welcome, than HW1.I wish Cataclysm was in the remaster pack, but apparently Gearbox couldn't secure the source code for the game.Lastly, I haven't played multiplayer."
,Not Recommended,244160,14727385,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,☢President Camacho☢,"(only addressing HW1R, not the others in the set)A beautiful reskin of the original, but a surprising amount of gameplay bugs are pretty readily apparent:- formations do not work AT ALL: ships can be moved into one, but they disintegrate entirely upon combat, and strike craft are now almost a complete waste of money since they get individually picked off way too fast.- no evasive tactics mode to harass/delay enemy units- salvaged ships can't be retired until the next map- friendly units will fire on ships on their way to be salvaged- salvage corvettes can't intelligently divide up multi-ship captures anymore- healing units don't watch over not-yet-damaged units correctlyOther surprising design choices:- research cost a bit of money now (OK)- LOTS more resources on maps, including salvagable capital wreck scap, means things feel MUCH easier now- strike craft no longer use fuel, reducing need for forward support frigate/carrier deploymentThis game need one or more patches BADLY.I will be happy to change my review to recommend it once the issues get fixed, since it's still a solid design at its core."
76561198081929879,Recommended,244160,14867904,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,GrandAdmiral,"EDIT: The review below this is basicly for the classic versions of the games included in the remastered, tactics, formations, and physics based projectiles (HW 1) are not worth giving up for a prettier version, though it does look beautiful, and I guess update 2.0 fixed some of the balancing issues between HW1 and HW2 races.Ive been playing homeworld since about 2003-04 and I always loved both 1 and 2, I am extremely happy to see a game series I dearly loved in my yonger years revived with better graphics and easier modability and brought to better systems. For anyone who does not know of this classic game, it is, in my opinion one of the best space RTS games in history, being one of the first to use 3d aswell. The classic versions (which are included in the remastered) are a great nostalgia trip, and the remastered versions look pretty.The game can be a little buggy at times but I havn't noticed anything majorly gamebreaking in my experiance, overall I would rate a 9.5/10TL;DR: Good to get your hands on the classic versions of the games, Remastered look pretty and are still fun, Steam release is good for easier modding."
,Not Recommended,244160,14660284,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Roboteza,"Be careful before you buy.If you were expecting a complete port of the original homeworld with a graphical update then this is not the game you're looking for, save your money and play the classic version.There's features in the remastered HW1 that aren't working as intended, Tactics and Formations are broken and are (apparently) not likely to be fixed. It is impossible for anyone who played HW1 to not notice that these things are broken and any claim that they're working as intended, or that it doesn't negatively effect gameplay is patently false.Listen, I'm not a purist but the developers had to of known this wasn't working correctly. Why they couldn't have been up front with people and say that there were certain things they couldn't port and let us decide whether or not we wanted to make the trade offs for the better graphics? Probably because they now have my 30 dollars and don't really give a crap. That sort of dishonest buy-now-patch-later crap is what is ruining PC gaming.The game is playable although buggy, and from what I am reading HW2 is working as intended, but not going to lie when I say that HW1 remaster is a let down."
,Recommended,244160,14718215,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Master,This is the best remake of a game ive ever seen. the game plays and looks fantastic. if you are going to play any games from this gener. it shoud be this one.
76561197970538611,Not Recommended,244160,23300243,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Westenra,"I cannot in good conscience recommend this ""remaster"" of Homeworld 1 & 2. The new graphics are fantastic (when they aren't glitching out) but the game takes a step backwards in almost every other regard.Fuel consumption is gone, which while convenient, almost entirely negates the necessity of support frigates and carriers. Fighter screens now break formation at the first sign of enemy contact, and tactical stances are seemingly nonexistent.Some aesthetic flourishes from the original have been removed, things only a vet would notice. Research stations no longer rotate idly. The game automatically collects all resources between missions, which bugs the heck out of me. One of my favorite atmospheric touches in the original was the time spent quietly and patiently gathering minerals after a fight. The sluggishness of this process gave you time to reflect on the story, made you admire the beautiful outer space vistas and felt like something a real life space commander would have to endure. It was cool. Now the game just slurps everything up after it's too late to make any use of it.The song ""Homeworld"" by Yes has also been removed from the credits, due to legal reasons. Give me a break.What bothers me the most, however, is the complete removal of title cards for in-game speech. A nifty rectangular box with a character portrait used to pop up whenever someone talked to you. Now it's just a boring line of floating text.Some of the in-game triggers no longer function. In the last mission, Captain Elson never showed up with his relief fleet and I was left to attack the enemy flagship on my own.And before I forget: Every other time I played the game I'd be greeted with flickering textures or see-through ships. No matter how many graphical options I switched on or off, raised or lowered, nothing could be done. It was distracting. Unacceptable for a release priding itself on its updated graphics.Lastly, the game just feels dumbed-down and generally easier.Basically, Gearbox just ""upgraded"" every design aspect of Homeworld 1 to that of Homeworld 2, a game which, despite the graphical overhall, inspired ship designs and stellar soundtrack, always failed to capture my imagination. The lack of manual Hyperspace is ultimately what killed it for me.Perhaps the most grievous sin in this ""remaster"" is the absense of the best game in the Homeworld series: Cataclysm. Yes, I understand they've ""lost"" the source code. How hard would it be to rip a copy off the disc and include it in the download? If you haven't played Cataclysm, you are missing out. It is one of the best real-time strategy games ever made, and probably the only title in the genre to fall under the unique label, ""horror-RTS"".If you have never played a Homeworld game then this is a must buy, as classic versions of both 1 & 2 are included. If you were already a fan, like me, skip it or wait for a proper patch."
,Not Recommended,244160,16752361,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,3RDplayer,"Homeworld 1 Classic & RemasteredThe original unaltered Homeworld 1 Classic is part of the collection & worth every cent. Homeworld Classic is a masterpiece. Homeworld Remastered is a mess. Gearbox Software threw HW1 models into HW2 engine & looked what sticked. The result is one amazingly good looking game with game mechanics broken beyond repair. HW Remastered is a broken, quick & dirty assembled piece of scrapmetal.Homeworld 2 Classic & RemasteredThe only game in this collection that benefits from the Remaster is Homeworld 2. You can play HW2 Classic & HW2 Remastered & you won't see any difference in game mechanics but can enjoy prettier graphics.ConclusionYou have two options here. You either buy the Remaster on a very high discount & only play the original games, or you give Gearbox the middle finger and don’t support their business philosophy to screw their customers over every freaking time."
76561198126319466,Not Recommended,244160,20100758,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,elyokiem,"I love Homeworld. I read about, and waited for the original. I managed to get into the original beta (I have the CD framed). I played this game for hours and days on end. I was depressed when it turned out that the remote turrets were op in mass, and a created nearly unbeatable playing strategy. I felt like a hero when I found a way to beat it. I endured many losses, and more victories playing friends online. I once managed to steal an entire enemy players capital ship fleet with my own fleet of salvage corvettes and a cloaking frigate. THIS, This was Homeworld. Strategy, intuitive interface, as may ships as your computer could handle, and ships that did what you told them.This is not what Gearbox released. They didn't understand the game they were remastering, and because of this, they created an atrocity compare to the original. It is as if they tried to recreate the Mona Lisa using Crayons. They didn't get it. I was afraid this was going to happen when Team Pixel lost the bid for the THQ Bankruptcy. They got it, they understood what made this game so amazing. I was right to fear. GearBox didn't understand; they thought that they could just make it pretty, and as simple as possible. They didn't get that what made Homeworld great wasn't the beauty of the game (though it was spectacular visually), but rather the way everything functioned.If you never played the original, you won't know what you are missing. You will probably enjoy the game just fine.  If you did, don't bother, this game will just make you sad. It will kill off part of your youth.P.S. Most of the hours I have played were just trying to get the game to work on three monitors."
76561198092972888,Recommended,244160,14900596,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,(AJSA) GreyKnight,"The best space strategy game i've ever laid hands on. this game has all the aspects i love about  space game but truly masters them. this game also has an awesome array of mods and has more on the way thanks to an awesome community. veteran gamers are somewhat upset about the features missing that used to be in the previous versions, luckily they are not game breaking and the devs add patches to fix certain bugs. the game may not have have been perfect on release but you have to be a fool to let this one slide."
76561197984835979,Not Recommended,244160,14700756,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,BigWolf,"I just want to thank you, Gearbox, for messing with one of the best game that I had played in my life! Indeed you improved greatly the graphics, but in exchange you broke the AI. Formation, for example, only work when the ships are standing, but at the first shot the ships start to doing whatever they want, and this will gonna ruin any tactic that you had planned. And there is the Repair Corvette, whose dream is to be a fighter at all cost, even you giving the guard command repeatedly. If you are a fan of HW, prepare to get disappointed and, probably, you gonna pay $35 for playing HW classic version (that I already have in CD)."
,Recommended,244160,15289173,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Aquila13,"I really appreciate for remastering this game, Gearbox. Even though there are some missing contents in HW1:R, it was very enjoyable.Edit : After they released the major 2.0 update, most negative aspects are now gone. Thank you, Gearbox. Your contribution will never be forgotten.Alright, so let's talk about the game itself.Basically this is remastered version of Homeworld series, which is real-time space stretegy game that has great story, decent gameplay, and stunning visuals.For everyone who loves space combat, it's remarkable aspect.So is it worth to buy? Absolutely YES.They actually care about our feedback. You won't see such dedication from other companies.(Of course I'm talking about you, Rockstar)"
,Recommended,244160,29903576,Posted: 13 February,all,TankBuster10133,This game's Graphics is so beautiful and not just that the game it self is amazing i totally recomend this! SPACE IS SO COOL I LOVE SPACE!!!
76561197992135430,Recommended,244160,25835160,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,SouthLane,"STILL the best space strategy game out there.  It has never been topped and most likely never will.  They just don't have the imagination to make games like this anymore, thank goodness for Gearbox who took the time to keep this game alive and up-to date."
,Recommended,244160,14667616,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,IdealRAM,YES YES YES Just buy the GAME. Best RTSThis game uses opengl which make it even better
76561198128696082,Recommended,244160,14662365,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Varathius,"Absolutely brilliant, like the good old days :) Not even a crash yet, nothing, works perfect. This is the game that got me into playing Eve Online. It is no easy game to learn. The hardest part in this game is definitely the camera control, if you master that, you master the game, oh, and knowing which ship to use against what ship doesn't hurt either, but thankfully, there are descriptions in the building section of the mother ship, detailing just that !"
76561197975408004,Recommended,244160,16998411,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,sgt_grumbles,"The original games are included.The remake is good but doesn't quite manage to recreate all of the good features of the original.  Some aspects of HW1 can't be recreated because they changed the engine to HW2, and apparently it handles some mechanics differently.  Decide whether it's worth playing the game without formations, evasive tactics mode, and hit detection.  Then add in dynamic difficulty, useless strike craft, and units balanced for multiplayer changing the campaign balance.The harvesters still take about 45min to an hour, real time, to finish harvesting a map, so that hasn't changed.  But they do give up every so often, so you need to renew their orders."
76561197963483546,Recommended,244160,23217853,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,tha_pzycho,Great fan of the original Homeworld and Homeworld 2 games so the remake to modern platforms is much apriciated. The game has a great storry and unique gameplay.However I to feel the mixing of HW1 and HW2 units in multiplayer ruins the game's balance.There could also be some more achivement included.
76561197990116910,Recommended,244160,29163206,Posted: 10 January,all,Tomik,My only regret is that I cannot update my Steam account to show the 16 years of game time I had with both games. It would be around 400 hours at the least. Homeworld is a serie like Wing Commander or FreeSpace but for RTS. Story and plot are top notch and even seven years the first Homeworld was considered graphically good looking..game ahead of tis time.
,Recommended,244160,25713899,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Question Tarantula,"Art.If you plan on playing this to the end (which you should), search for the restored credits with the song from Yes, you can find it on youtube, as a Homeworld veteran, finishing this game after more than 10 years and seeing those credits roll up with that song almost brought a tear to my eye.The new patch fixed up pretty much everything wrong with the gameplay.The result is one of the most amazing experiences you can have with a videogame.""We follow the sun, we follow the sun, we follow the sun..."""
,Recommended,244160,14663016,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,[RDS] HarperZ,"Yea its great, the nicest part is that is looks exactly as great as i looked at its original release as one remebers it.Oldschool space RTS at its finest, sadly an overlooked genre."
,Recommended,244160,14664513,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Redditbus,"In the past I've heard a bit about how cool Homeworld was, and I have to say I am thoroughly impressed. Being a big fan of the RTS genre, when I heard about this game I immediately wanted to try it out, but alas, it was unavailable. So when I saw ""Homeworld Remastered"" on Steam's front page a few weeks ago it went straight to my wishlist, and I ended up buying it the day before release.I was concerned that I might have impulsively spent $30 on something that wasn't really worth it, but now I have no idea why.Having played around 4 hours of this game over the two days since release, I've only gotten more endeared to the game and how epic it feels. Building a huge fleet of frigates, destroyers, and battlecruisers and then proceeding to wipe out some poor AI... Awesome.Some Quick Pros and ConsPROS:-- Phenomenal feel, moving ships around in 3D space doesn't feel confusing or difficult. While I have yet to employ it significantly, I'm sure it will make things quite interesting.-- AI is, for the most part, pretty smart. While it makes some dumb moves from time to time it doesn't give up unless all is lost.-- Oh my word, the visuals are incredible! Next time you have a large group of fighters engaging the enemy, select one of them, focus and zoom in. Large-scale, small-scale, everything looks beautiful, even on my puny GT 630.CONS:-- There's some minor bugs, like when moving ships I'll occasionally lose my mouse cursor for a second or two. Every so often the sound skips and repeats 1-2 second snippets of a clip.NEUTRAL:-- Gameplay moves a bit slower. It requires patience to build up a sizable attack force and deploy it to wipe out the enemy, but once that combat starts you really grasp the benefit of taking the time to work.I may expand on this review as I spend more time playing the game, but if you're still doubting whether you want to buy this, let me eliminate any doubt. The Homeworld Remastered Collection is an awesome piece of work. For $35, you get an incredible RTS, its sequel, and the remastered versions of both. Hopefully Gearbox will provide a demo at some point, but if you're a fan of the RTS genre, purchasing this shouldn't be a question."
76561198286993090,Recommended,244160,23238034,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Virtus Pro Snax,very stimulating to the mind. you have to think a lot but has a very good story.Triple thumbs up.
,Recommended,244160,32935071,Posted: 28 June,all,TheHolyAsdf,"I will recommend this game.But personally for myself, it was just boring... I guess I should've expected it. The revamped graphics and cutscenes just weren't enough to keep me entertained and I've already played the first two games like ten times so I know everything that happens, I found myself falling asleep while playing it.But for those who have never played Homeworld and are looking for a good RTS game with huge space battles, then this is a great choice.1) Great graphics2) Excellent unit and race variety3) Well presented and original story4) Great voice acting"
76561197970350800,Recommended,244160,14663686,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Ferox,"If you are into strategy games theres no excuse for not getting it. Gearbox did a great job in bringing this classic back to life. The term HD-remake has a bitter taste to most oldies but homeworld got much love and looks, sounds and plays like it should in 2015."
,Recommended,244160,14862849,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,NGraveD,"The remastered collection is stunning. Surely it does have some flaws or missing features from HW1 classic, but for newcomers the remake is a blast. It looks wonderful, it feels great and it doesn't have any major issues. Old time vets though. will probably be disappointed by not being just HW1 with a fresh coat of paint.9/10."
76561198011226273,Recommended,244160,23188089,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Petr[CZ],"I am a fan of classic HW2 and I still have the original box from my childhood. And i think Remastered collection is completely great tribute for this legend. Enhanced and extended cutscenes are very pleasing and all aditions are in spirit of HW classics. Such a beautiful reminder of the old times. ""tear in eye""Thank you, Gearbox."
,Recommended,244160,29296483,Posted: 16 January,all,Kayoru,"Hey Everyone!I play homeworld since 1999 and homeworld 2 since 2003.Ive always injoyed these games for so many hours and still do!What kept me playing was the Homeworld Complex Mod.Been Following Complex for so many years.Now that Homeworld games are Remasterd and the Complex mod is going even further.Its a Fantastic game to play even more!Homeworld Remasterd :Pros:-Hotkeys work-Updated sound quality-Interface-Beautifully enhanced graphics-More Graphics Options-Attention to detail-Newly refreshed models, textures, and effects-Working multiplayer-Races from both games playable in Skirmish Battles-WorkshopCons:You Let me know!Well we are at the end bit of my review!Would I recommend this RTS? Absolutely"
,Recommended,244160,14775319,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,reijin,"Awesome remaster, feels like a game that came out recently. Would love a graphical update in terms of a new engine, but this is 90% of that really."
76561198034157934,Recommended,244160,14824856,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Canadad,"I loved Homeworld when it was first out (yes, I am old).The remastered version did rekindle that space-opera feeling that the hope of my species lay in the balance and the balance was significantly tilted toward oblivion.   The game's story arch is as beautiful as the remastering, and if you have not played the game, it is worthy of your time.However, beautiful the Remastered version is beautiful, the game crashes on me continuously in missions, which I am now too old to shrug off without comment.   When life was good and time an ocean infront of me, playing and replaying missions and games was ok... I expected more from Gearbox's remastering to cure bugs, not add to them."
,Not Recommended,244160,23914243,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Lan,"The entire feel of the orginal games has been lost in a failed attempt at remastering them. Somehow even after considerable time after its release, the collection still feels broken.Pros:-Everything is beautiful compared to the very aged graphics of the originals.Cons:-The AI is buggy at best. HW 1, Mission 5 I had enemy intereceptors doing loops across the map endlessly. Other times, your own units failed to listen to orders at random.-Somehow units are defaulting themselves to passive stance, and while they do stay in formation, all they do is stay, and die.-In HW1 remastered, you are punished unexpectingly for building up your fleet in the previous mission. Mission 3: Captured a bunch of Turanic Raider corvettes in previous mission only to find 6 Taiidan assault frigates obliterating the cryopods I was to save. Redid mission 2, scrapped all corvettes, 2 frigates in mission 3 second time around. Wtf? This happens again in mission 5 where the AI throws 5+ destroyers at you when you cannot even build one at all. Well, that escalated quickly, so much for preparing ahead of time for the battle.-There are many other cons I haven't the time to write a novel to explain."
,Recommended,244160,28154686,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,K1R0CK,GIVE US CATACLYSM! ;)
,Recommended,244160,14861420,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,datfinesoul,"One of the most amazing games ever, although this reboot is buggy so far.  Black screens that force reloads, unclear missions objectives.  Some of this stuff wasn't an issue in the original."
,Recommended,244160,14663705,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Devil Khan,"Home World series had (The only real one) the new genre (back the late '90) and the last so far. It was an amazing sure the space didn't have the up and down, but the 3 Homeworld games had an addictive playablity. Also, it had the best, and most enjoyable game. I played it fron start to finish a couple of dosen times.This, the remastered one, is truly, brought it up to date. The game is basically the same as it did, except for the quality and some ""additions""/""improvte"" in the game. I had my doubts, but a few hours playing and it really worth the price( a bit low if any).  The are a few ""bugs"" in the game, but nothing I saw that caused it to crash. The 93% may have been the old one, but I'd say with things, over 85% at least!"
,Recommended,244160,14678030,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Gnugfuriuz,Finally! Im crying! tears of joy!Selling my steam account. I only need this.
,Recommended,244160,23833597,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Deadlock,"Homeworlds 1 and 2 are among the best games ever made for PC. This ""Remastered"" version does a good job of preserving that legacy and also adds increased graphic fidelity and performance. The single player missions are engaging, the original's voice acting and artwork remain haunting and first class, the storyline is compelling. If you love science fiction and don't get goose bumps at least once, there is something wrong with you. My sole complaint is that for a game which championed free movement in three dimensional space, that element of strategy is often overlooked in the campaign: like Kahn, your enemies suffer from two-dimensional thinking. But if you've never played Homeworld and you see this game on sale, don't hesitate.Meanwhile multiplayer remains a shabby amateur mess with horrific balance issues, even after a one year wait for patches, and the bulk of the ""community"" is toxic beyond belief, but this is Gearbox and Steam, so you already knew that."
76561198024667276,Recommended,244160,24069209,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,LoStBoYz,I've played the Classic version and the remastered version made it all the more better! This game is is still one of the more unusal 3D RTS out there.
76561198156338304,Recommended,244160,29835711,Posted: 10 February,all,Rogue,"A very great game with amazing gameplay, just a few mistakes. In the remastered games the did change a lot of things. The needle ships you will see in the Garden of Kadesh and Caherdral of Kadesh missions are not as deadly as they were in the original campaing. Overall, the 3-D map combined with epic looking warfare, tons of units and multiple different factions and Ships makes for a great time. If you look past a few bugs, this is a wonderfull remastered edition."
,Recommended,244160,14998191,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Kadeshi,"Just great, Homeworld is absolute a classic in the RTS, and now it is back, there is a lot of things that need to improve, but the devs are doing a great job and providing a great support, it is already good, it will be fenomenal in no time."
,Recommended,244160,24384015,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Vivisector,"I missed Homeworld the first time around and I absolutely do not regret picking up the remastered collection. This game is a must for RTS fans for the campaign alone. Having units, tech, and resources arry over from mission to mission makes the campaign feel connected rather than random instances. You actually feel attatched to your mothership in way. The story is actually worth paying attention to and is aided by some great voice-acting, scoring, and a beautiful graphical update. The UI take a bit to get used to but is solid and has options to make long-time Homeworld players feel at home. The implementation of actual 3-D space isn't just for show either, it had me thinking about formations and unit placement in a whole new way.TLDR; There's a reason this game is often considered the best RTS of all time and it isn't nostalgia."
,Recommended,244160,28546539,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Roberto577,"Great game, great graphics, great sound, and still playable on the worst processors. (Just don't turn on depth bias, trust me)"
,Recommended,244160,35033981,Posted: 17 September,all,BARACK OBAMA,Classic games whose design stands the test of time
76561197964088027,Recommended,244160,14684837,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,[SoM]Cuddles,"Have you ever played a game so perfect you wanted to grab other games by the scruf of their neck, dragging them to your monitor, and with toothpic's assistance force their digital eyes to consome a masterpiece.   In an all to vein attempt that a miniscule notion of what makes a colossaly magnificent game some how transitions to the gaming industry?Well this game does that.  a beautiful tapestry of levels Ices the enthralling story line as each mission ACTUALLY has an effect on the next mission.   CHOICES THAT ACTUALLY COUNT.  every marketing script for an RPG i'm looking at you and your continous lies.  TAKE NOTES an RTS pantsed you on your homefield.No game does 3d RTS remotley as well.few games have such beautiful levels.fewer game have such an enticing/driving story.No game tells the story in such a magnifcent way.No game has as perfect a soundtrack for the enviroment you face."
,Recommended,244160,14685240,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Gwentleman,"I was about 12 when the original came. I had a friend who would go on and on about it to me, at the time I was silly enough to have no interest in sci-fi though and was too absorbed in Age of Empires 2. That certainly changed in time!I knew I'd love this game because it was conceived by Relic and, as a long time RTS fan, I'd never played one set in space before!One minor grievance is probably simply that the callouts for nearly every unit are identical and spoken in a rather monotone voice and the dialogue lacks any humour or personal touch, from my experience. The music is the absolute opposite though, beautiful and with a uniquely middle eastern flavour!I'm definitely lucky enough to be perhaps one of the rarer people here who are able to enjoy these masterpieces now for the first time, with shiny graphics!"
76561198036775336,Recommended,244160,14683978,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Spring,Finally a good remastery. The game is still as good today as it was back when it first came out. Can't go wrong.
,Recommended,244160,14666553,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,111Keiser,Tears were almost pouring while watching the intro of the first homeworld. Gearbox have done a wonderful job on the homeworld series. Wonderful Graphics and Music! Well F....ing Done! You've brought happiness to an old fan of the game and to many more playing this game!
76561198025581192,Recommended,244160,14669264,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Bomtaker01,"TL;DR version: If you played the originals or just like RTS games BUY IT!! well worth it.Now as a Fan of the original games. this hit all the right spots for me. Looks amazing, plays amazing and the remastered soundtrack is incredible and i really appreciated the little details that they put in such as the little gun ports on the motherships and carriers where in the original game they just fired from the walls,  as far as bugs go... there were a few on the ship graveyard level (i hate the junkyard dog) but nothing gamebreaking or unfixable by either restarting the level or just quick docking at the end. as far as everything else is concerned, there isnt much to say this is essentially the original games made to look really pretty (and by god does it look good) sound better, but still play the same as the originals with some UI tweaks here and thereone thing i wish they had implemented though is time compression for HW1...would have cut my mining time down alotand while im at it, would have been nice to choose the colour and race of my fleet like the original did but that being said perhaps i didnt see it.if you liked the original Homeworld games. BUY IT. you wont regret it, i know i don't"
76561198007846361,Recommended,244160,14662257,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Avernite,"Only played 3 missions, and im loving this, its stunning, epic and the feel you get from replayingthe original with all that beauty on top is amazing, the people you will find screaming about functions lost and methods of original play changed are i think forgetting they also released the classics untouched except for the ability to run clean on modern systems, and due to the classics being included, every single complaint utterly fails to make me even consider them as a true issue, i am no fanboy, i laughed my♥♥♥♥♥off at the epic fail that was colonial marines, and borderlands feels so damn sull and empty for me i cant play it myself, but this game, regardless of who the releaser was, is fantastic, take the games as they are, and forget the idea of changes cos you have the classics if they bother you."
,Recommended,244160,14662796,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Polarbear,"There is a reason why this game was Game of the Year in 1999, and its strength still is present in 2015.  If you are looking for a challenging,  epic 3d space strategy, this is your game.   Forget Sins of a solar empire or any other space RTS you have played before.   This game has stood the test of time and I cannot be greatful enough that it was remade.    Some silly bugs do still exist even from the old one but nothing that cripples the experience.    I love this game and it is one of my all time favorites, granted I have to save every 10 minutes.  Also side note if I could get a Fast foward button man that would be helpful.   Regardless Buy this game, you will not regret it if you are looking for a space RTS"
,Recommended,244160,14668116,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Driahva,"There are people complaining that HW1 Remastered is missing features due to it playing like HW2.  I personally prefer it this way, and have yet to take massive issue with anything.  This is one of my favourite remasterings ever."
76561198028510929,Recommended,244160,14670882,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Master Roshi,well done. excellent remake.
76561198007868334,Recommended,244160,14667724,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Runme,"The remastering of this game series is the best event on the game front this year, unless homeworld 3 is going to be released this year. The first time i tried any of the homeworld titles it was Cataclysm and the little test run lasted 6 hours.This game series has it all great scenery, great gameplay and a great storyline. The only thing i would warn new players about is the 3D movement, it can be confuseing and will take some time geting used to. To the returning players i will just say that the HD remake is breathtaking and i wish you good gaming."
76561198009324513,Recommended,244160,14662631,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Haunnudiram,"I frankly would've bought this game even if it wasn't remastered, and was just ported to steam...with that being said, the game flew me back in time when I was 9, and just envelope myself in the vast galaxy, and wonderful story that still today, despite not having people present in my screen, nor having portraits constantly talking about the plot, and try to squeeze out any ounce of emotion that you might invest, it stood proud and beautiful, still.I'm sorry for anybody who read my short review expecting explicit analysis and dissection of gameplay, and port; for I have never studied nor have I cared enough to write a review of any sort till this day. But I really wanted to share my love towards this game, for it is the most adored game in my life.also the remastery of this game was performed wonderfully, graphic wise and gameplay wize, and didn't feel too different than the original game, which helped me get in the game really fast."
,Recommended,244160,14671096,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Dr. Gonzo,"There are some overwhelmingly stupid people giving this game a negative review.   I cannot find a single bad thing to say about this game.   I enjoy all the balance tweaks that were made, the improved resources, and some of the little details that I didn't notice when I played the originals.   There is no reason not to purchase this."
,Recommended,244160,25582007,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,BodaciousGnarly6969,"A very well done revision of an already excellent game. If you have a mind for strategy, I can't recommend it enough. It been one of my all time favorites for a long time and its looking like that will continue."
76561197992229015,Recommended,244160,26621527,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Dire,"Review is separate for HW 1 and 2.Edit: Homeworld Cataclysm is not part of this remastered edition, since it was developed by another studio and the source code got lost when that went out of business, though there is a mod that is trying to recreate it. At the time of this writing there are no campaign missions though, only skirmishes. Generally there are quite a few total conversions available for skirmish play.Starting off with HW 1.What is Homeworld? It's a space RTS game taking place on a 3 dimensional plane. The maps are always round and you can order your ships ""up"" and ""down"". You can either do that on the normal game screen, which is pretty beautiful in the Remastered edition, or you can bring up a tactical view, which makes it a bit easier. The camera can be freely rotated, but zooming on the other hand is pretty limited and finicky thanks to the 3D aspect. Basically you have to anchor yourself to a unit in order to make the most out of zoom. I guess pro players will mainly use the tac display anyway.So far so good. The interface is pretty decent now (uses the HW 2 one I think). Since there aren't too many different combat units (variation of fighters, bombers, different corvettes, frigates and destroyers as well as a heavy cruiser class), there's not that much micro management, although letting your bombers attack into a multi attack corvette screen is generally considered to be a bad idea, which brings me to my first point of critique: The smaller strike craft feel almost useless later on in the game when destroyers and heavy cruisers are in play and you have some interceptors or stealth fighters or said multi attack corvettes...maybe even drone frigates; there's a lot of sturdier bigger craft that can fulfill the role of anti-fighter and anti-capital better than investing in easily destroyed strike craft. Maybe I'm just bad, definitely possible, but the game also never really explains what benefits certain ""formations"" have. I found out by accident that the ""sphere"" formation is a very bad idea for bombers or fighters, since then they remain stationary and surround the target. They work in conjunction and soak up a lot of the damage, but I found myself replacing them almost constantly, while my bigger craft were mostly untouched.Next critique: The game's UI needs work, seriously. There is a button that displays what kind of craft you have and how many, but there is not button to select these craft. For example, try finding a particular craft, perhaps a resource collector, quickly and you're almost despairing. Speaking of resource collectors: Those buggers never seem to mine automatically, mining takes ages and then you need several resource controllers so they don't have to make the trek back home to your mothership every time, which takes, again, ages. And now we've moved on to the glacial pace this game can evolve to. In the later stages, trying to get your capital ships ANYWHERE can easily take 15 to 20 minutes. They turn and move really really slowly. Yes, that feels epic, but sitting there, waiting quarter of an hour for your ships to go SOMEWHERE is the antithesis of fun.Graphics and sound are pretty decent, however, you are either going to dig or hate the music. It's very space epic-esque.The campaign: Homeworld 1 consists of 16 missions (plus 1 bonus mission that can be found in the extra missions section of the main menu...no idea why they cut this one from the main game, because it fits right in there after mission 4 or so and is actually quite fun). Yes, fun, that's something that varies a lot in this campaign. To understand how the campaign works you need to realize that your goal is to reach your Homeworld (who would have thought) with your Mothership, which cannot move during a mission. Neither does it have any weapons...it just sits there and dies if you're not careful, but who cares, since you rarely get attacked anyway. In any case, your units are permanent, meaning, you take them with you to the next mission if they don't get destroyed. This bit is important, since that can either make the campaign really easy or pretty difficult. There is no difficulty setting, but even so I found myself challenged only a handful of times, but once your armada gets big enough, you should not have any problems at all. Some missions are gimicky, destroying asteroids in your way, moving in areas to avoid radiation. Those are pretty interesting, however, the main issue is that they are either over very quickly (mission 15 literally takes 3 minutes to complete...it's a timed defense mission...what!?!? That should have been part of a bigger mission), or take ages to complete, while you slowly crawl your way forward with your big capital ships of which you can only build so many before the supply limit stops you. Haha, BUT you can always capture more and just get a ridiculously large armada. I think I had 6 Heavy Cruisers, about 8 destroyers and 4 missile destroyers or so...while the game only allows you to have 3, 6 and 2 respectively. Add to that 21 frigates (mostly Ion), a full complement of multi attack corvettes as well as some 70 almost useless strike craft and the enemies did not stand a chance. This is the campaign in a nutshell...the story is pretty threadbare, neatly presented in kinda animtated, but still static images and moderately good voice over (all very downtrodden), but it barely makes sense and you're not even rooting for your own team, you don't feel resentment towards the enemies and there are no characters to identify with. Took me 9 hours to complete, but I had to repeat some stuff, and I guess at least 50% of that time was spent building stuff and waiting. By the way, all unmined resources will automatically transfer to your account after a mission ends, but that doesn't mean you should not replace any lost craft before you jump away, since the next mission can literally drop you in a terrible situation in which you need every ship you can get...Actually that happens quite often...MP is well, I dunno, in HW 1 all races seem to have the same units, so...what's the point besides different designs?All in all HW 1 is a good game, but by no means is it as good as people make it out to be. Unfortunately, if you're into this kind of genre, there's not much else, at least nothing contemporary. Sins of a Solar Empire comes to mind first, but that does not have a campaign either and is a 4x cross breed rather than a true RTS.HW 2:You can expect the same engine and gameplay, but in the campaign as well as the MP there are some serious changes. Also for some reason it just looks better to me. Weird.- I find the campaign to be more engaging to be honest. It's also a bit more cohesive, but it's still space opera and in the end you have more questions than answers- The backdrops are just GORGEOUS- The music is more space nomady than space opera now. Better imho- Small ships (anything not capital or special) are now built as a squad, which makes micro managing your ♥♥♥♥ing fighters and corvettes a lot easier now. Also these ships are now stronger in my opinion. They still die relatively quickly in large fights, but at least they do what they are supposed to do and you can rebuild them quicker.- Resource collectors have taken over the job of the repair corvettes, because resource collection in the campaign doesn't matter anyway- Salvage corvettes are now marine frigates and utterly useless (at least in campaign), since easily destroyed, have to remain stationary for ages to board a vessel and if you already have the max no of vessels you can't claim any more- The game FINALLY auto saves- Missions end automatically, which is bad, since you can no longer replenish your fleet after a big battle, which may mean instant failure of the next mission...stupidAll in all cool campaign, but some design decisions are questionable..."
76561198044299753,Recommended,244160,29408260,Posted: 21 January,all,ZerXen,"Don't look at the number of hours as I have way too many of them off steam ever since 1999 when the first Homeworld brought to the world a new class of RTS and combined it with a great narrative story. In regards to the remastered collection, this is a great value for both old fans and anyone new to Homeworld universe. Two absolutelly great campaigns on modernized engine! RTS games hardly can get much better than this."
,Recommended,244160,27005004,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Katou,"Most real-time strategy games I've played are quite lacking in storytelling.  This is not one of those games.  The original creators of this game, Relic (known for the Company of Heroes and Dawn of War Series) are masters of blending storytelling with real-time strategy while not ignoring the importance of replayability through multiplayer.  Homeworld probably has the most poignant stories I've ever seen without the need for fully animated, fully voiced, lip synched characters.Without revealing the plot, I can tell you that you will feel invested for the safety of the people you are commanding and fighting for.On the more technical side, this game was way ahead of its time in 1999 and holds up well for being nearly 20 years old.  The graphical improvements are a welcome change and a more modern, post-dialup era multiplayer lobby is also welcome.  The voice acting of the narrator, the Mothership's computer, and all your units is outstanding and has not changed from the original.The music also deserves an honorable mention for its ability to add to the feeling of every cutscene, every battle, and every dialogue you encounter.  Top notch stuff.  Especially if you like ambient electronic music.The game is not perfect, however.  Like most RTS games from the 90's, it can be heavy in the micromanaging department.    I also have to dock the games for having somewhat clumsy default controls, a UI that leaves a lot to be desired, and a rather steep learning curve.Another con for some may be the rock-paper-scissor formula that Relic is known for throughout their games.  In this game, there are units that are simply a hard counter to another unit.  In later Relic RTS games, you can see where they added in more unit versatility and soft counters through combined arms.  This leads to some rather spammy gameplay that might be a turn-off for some."
,Not Recommended,244160,14661283,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Rupok,"*Note This is a work in progress review, it will change if devs address the major issues with a few of the mechanics.Even though the graphics, audio and UI redesigns are good I cannot recommend this game right now. It seems like gearbox has broken gameplay mechanics entirely in the remaster of HW1 because of the porting of engine to HW2 engine. Here are just a few of the issues:-The formations are wonky and don't work. You need formations to strike enemy ships effectively. In these games they just use their own flight patterns after they get close to enemy and don't stay in formation.-Game is not using balistic system of the original and instead uses rng, so there are too much hard counters to everything. It is not physics based.-Support frigates are useless unless you get them to follow around and make sure they are healing targets.-Capturing mechanics broken, it is too easy.-salvage corvettes easily capture enemy corvettes because evasion mechanics disabled(they are not part of the rng system)-Salvage ships not showing their beam animation-Why is queues limited to 2?-Collision system is broke, stuff like resource collecters and other ship crash into astroids or other objects and then attempt to push through them instead of moving back.-Some shortcuts do work but its inconsistent, like some keys open certain menus but don't close them when pressed again, while others close when pressed again. Its weird.EDIT:Seems I was wrong with some of the UI mechanics. You can highlight and then choose what ships to select, or you can double click a selected ship and it will highlight all similar ships nearby. You can also select military only ships to be highlighted.This is a very good UI mechanic in the game, just wish they would explain in the tutorials."
76561197965804965,Recommended,244160,14795029,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,KLoWn,"While I think the UI still needs a bit of work compared to the Classic version, this really brings back some memories. I think even someone new to the game will enjoy it's gameplay and story. This Remastered game is truly Remastered in my view.Yes there are just a few items I could complain about verses the classic but all in all you can tell the developers really took their time and put their hearts into the remastering of this game. Beautiful Artwork redesign well thought out UI redesign.Gameplay is almost exactly what it was in the classic versions, the strategy involved is fighting with the correct units not out building you adversary (especially in HW2 even if you cheat with cheat-engine it will populate the enemy to match you in the storyline). Play and Have Fun!"
,Recommended,244160,14663153,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,ThePhoton,"10/10 an excellent update to two classic games.Wow.. what can I say? HW1 and 2 were bascially my childhood games, so having them remastered in this way is just magical. The opening sequence of mission 1 still leaves me grinning and shivers in mission 3 where Karen says 'No-one's left, everyone's gone. Karack is burning'.Gearbox have preserved as much as possible in the remake and seem to have updated the engine in line with modern RTS.Surely it's time for Homeworld 3?"
,Recommended,244160,14663970,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,StevenTheAce,"F*cking awesomeness ! Everybody should have this game in his collection, even those who do not play RTS games at all.Thanks Gearbox for doing this great service for us gamers!Just freaking awesome!"
,Recommended,244160,14664622,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Synthetic Pixel,Nothing to say but 2 words..... AWESOME SAUCE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198005431009,Recommended,244160,14737348,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Stranger530,my wait is finally over
76561198215314624,Recommended,244160,14779041,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,gguy2010,"Reliving my younger years, one of the best games I have played. But my laptop cant run the remastered collection, my fault and for that I will have to wait for a better computer to really see the difference. However, bugs have stopped me in my tracks with the classics. Cant pass lvl 10 because theres a bug that wont let me complete, last patch was supposed to have a fix, but I will have to wait for yet another patch. Once this happened, went to Homeworld 2, changed the resolution to get started and found half the screen off the monitor and no way to change the resolution back. Contacted support and left with having to wait for both issues to be resolved. Disappointing to say the least."
,Recommended,244160,14713559,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,UNiT,"This game basically invented 3d space rts games and is still the best game like that out there. Game is great, some mechanics from Homeworld don't translate well in the Homeworld 2 engine so there's some issues like formations not working like it used to, repair mechanics nerfed, but hopefully a simple patch can fix that. No other mayor issues that I've encountered, but I would like if ships had more hitpoints because sometimes they just die too fast. With the remake reviving the game I hope for eventually sequel maybe."
,Not Recommended,244160,14897713,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,JWonz,"The game was working, I logged 12 hours and it was quite fun.Now the remastered versions are now longer working when I try to start them (black screen for a few seconds, then I see my desktop with the app still open in taskbar). IMO, this is unacceptable for a product, let alone a highly touted one at the $35 price point."
,Recommended,244160,14737703,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,[>DDoS<] MoD_Mike,Im a massive fan of the classic game and i can say the ramastered version are awesome and that saying something as im not a big fan of RTS game.Pro'sNice graphicHours of gameplayMultiplayerAnd the Classic version's for all the old mod'sCon'sRandom game shutdown's in HW1R
,Recommended,244160,15735249,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Fenra369,"While inititially a bit buggy, I applaud the efforts of Gearbox of properly recreating a RTS classic with modern and relevent visuals. It is one of my favorite childhood games and I'm so psyched to have this title released so many years later :) For the Homeworld!"
,Recommended,244160,14765650,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Knockit,"An incredible game that is unlike any other space RTS. Epic in story, a little clunky on the controls. Highly recommended in spite of the bugs and flaws.See my in depth review here :https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=20M_uhAz1T0"
,Recommended,244160,14775479,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Valyngar,"Really good remakes of original games, better graphics gameplay everything. Only minus is Homeworld1 fighters and corvettes are pretty much useless later game because formations don't work at all"
76561198025944773,Recommended,244160,32009608,Posted: 27 May,all,Masked Crusader,it's good. get it. you won't regret it. i think.
76561198253136239,Not Recommended,244160,29750998,Posted: 6 February,all,Krombopulous Michael,"I think my sentiment for this version of Homeworld echoes every single one who played the original: this game is a huge disappointment.I played the orginal Homeworld, Homeworld Cataclysm Homeworld 2 and countless mods of HW2. By far, Homeworld orginal is my favourite. The atmosphere, the feeling of panic when overwhelmed by enemies, the awe of the Graveyard... Homeworld itself was astounding. Even the music keeps you wrapped up in the HW universe; you really feel as though you are safeguarding the last of your kind with every little ship you capture or build.What has been done here is the story and script of Homeworld has been plopped into the Homeworld 2 engine, which is a completely different game. Different UI, different mapped controls, different AI.  HW2 is designed as a massive Space Battle RTS. Original Homeworld is a strategy game, but the emphasis is not always on battle; you are encouraged to use whatever strategy you need to get the better of the Taidan.The result? A very busy UI, many interfering visual elements and a flow of information completely unsuitable to the original Homworld story.What's worse is that the AI and control mechanics are awful. For example, any original HW player will tell you that the most fun strategy is capturing ships. In HW Remastered, this is completely broken. You can't just take a group of salvage corvettes with the correct number to capture, say, the Assault Frigates in Mission 3, Return to Kharak, and tell them to go capture. No, you have to pause, count the number of frigates, make a bunch of groups of 2 and tell each group to go capture ONE frigate. Totally ridiculous.All of this could be forgiven, it would be. And on top of this, the visuals aren't that fantastic. The textures and modelling are pretty bad by today's standard. The mod community had already done a fantastic job with several whole-game conversions for HW2... Now THESE are amazing, the attention to detail is crazy! Seems sad to think so little attention was paid to this.I really wanted to like this game, but I just can't get into it."
76561197972054813,Not Recommended,244160,23656410,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Liquid,"Was looking forward enormously to playing this game again after all these years.Unfortunately this ""Remaster"" has developed bugs i don't remember being in the original.Homeworld Remastered, Drone frigates do nothing except miss constantly at the fighters they're supposed to ""obliterate"", this makes some fighter heavy missions very difficult, particularly the enourmous swarm of fighters bit...Homeworld Classic Mission 10 has serious amounts of Gamekiller bugs which won't let you complete the mission.In reading up on this bug i discovered a slew of people complaining about other serious bugs throughout the game...I'm not even going to bother trying out Homeworld 2 remastered.I'm going to forget i bought this and dig my discs out of the loft, i suggest you do the same...or eBay it, the original Homeworld and Homeworld:Cataclysm are more than worth it (which is not present in this collection) This isn't.If the developers fix the problems i would be more than Happy to recommend it, after all it's one of the most amazing games to have ever been created, at least as far as i can remember.."
,Not Recommended,244160,14708760,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Franton,"I was a big fan of the original, so i'm wondering wtf have Gearbox done? It's the fact that it's shipped in massively buggy state for a start. The tutorial asks you to click the ok button when it isn't there, the fact I replayed mission 2 (!) some four times before it would complete which doesn't bode well for the rest of the game although I did manage to struggle up to mission 5.I was stuffed at that point as part way in, the game crashed to desktop losing all my progress. So I fired up the DLC original, which crashed after 30 seconds of play.Unnacceptable. The QA on this was non-existant and frankly needs a major patch and another three months of effort on this. In it's current state (as of 1st March 2015), I would recommend you avoid."
76561197989951841,Recommended,244160,14685227,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Dopper,those round cannon barrels!10/10
,Recommended,244160,14913119,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Mino,"""Homeworld and Homeworld 2, one the great saga of space strategy PC! Published by 'Sierra, Relic Entertainment bought by ""Gearbox Software""① Several different unit ""Fighter, Corvette, Frigate, Capital, Platform, Utility""② Module subsystems ""some improvements for capital and motherships""③ Research ""various upgade for all types of ships, shield, speed, developement some capital, etc""④ Some IA difficulty ""Easy, Standard, Hard, Expert""⑤ Some option of gameplay ""Challange, Relic, Creats, etc""⑥ 4 playable race ""Hiigaran, Vaygr, Kushan, Taiidan""⑦ 30 Mission playabe.⑧ Graphic of the games remade in HD with resolutions of texture ""512/1024/2048/4096/8192"" the graphic effect is also was remade."
,Recommended,244160,14844168,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Dr. Nebsterio,"Some bugs but I have faith in the devs patching them out in due time.The Good:-Sounds awesome.-Looks awesome.-Smells awesome.-Tastes awesome.-Still able to give your ships sexy coats of magenta and green paint.-The level of detail makes you want to zoom in on enemy ships and marvel as they panic to get away from a swarm of salvage corvettes.-You will look simply exquisite as you don your admiral's hat and pipe.The Meh:-Feels almost good but until the formations and tactics work better I say meh.The Bad:-I'm now 15 years older than I was when this came out originally.-I have to keep going to this damn job of mine to keep the electricity on.-Disproves the Bible.The Gardens of Kadesh-No withdrawl.-Too limiting, join or die type asshats living here.-Why the heck does this place still creep me the hell out?-Space zealots.-My synesthesia makes the place taste like cotton and burnt sunflower seeds."
,Recommended,244160,14710431,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,E-Z Reffilz,"Aww yiss, bombest of games, there's some issues with the hw1 conversion to the hw2 engine like everyone's saying, but I anticipate the bigger problems will be patched out and the rest are hw1 players too hung up on expecting a perfect recreation."
,Recommended,244160,23851996,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Dogbert,"One of my all-time favorite games; played both the originals when they came out.  The persistence from level to level is novel and really ties the single player campaign together: build early, build often, move it all cautiously, and zoom in after you issue orders to take in the massive battles.Word of warning, though: you can't capture Vagyr capitals in HW2.  Doing so just disables them.  Still useful, but won't net you +1 capital ship."
76561198300612871,Recommended,244160,22544971,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Mazerguru,"Hi all,If you havent played Homeworld you owe it to your self to give this game a try. Excellent graphics, fantastic gameplay. The rock paper scissors design keeps you constantly adapting to the enemy. Get it now.SincerlyMazerguru"
76561197992228452,Recommended,244160,23443744,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,5kull,"You are looking at this because you've played HW, here it is, enjoy updated graphics and the ability to play multiplayer with any existing race.  This is classic for me."
76561198041120583,Recommended,244160,29749165,Posted: 6 February,all,A1WAY5WATCH1NG,i have been playing a lot of RTS games revently and a lot of them are older games like the first star craft and dawn of war and this game which is almost as old as i am is probably the best playing RTS i have ever played and the story is very well done with few games even coming close to how good the story is this is a perfect way to make a story for this type of gamethe difficulty is very wierd in this game there are some missions where if you just have a lot of frigates and capital ships its a cake walk because all the enemy had brought is interceptors that are useless against bigger ships. and then there are others that are hard because they are confusing and dont explain to you how to do them like the dust cloud mission where the game at this point never told you how to change your ships altitude so you ships are lost from radiation. then there is the last mission where i felt it was unfair and to the point where i actually went back and replayed the second to last mission just to change my fleet to be capable of winning because the enemy in the first wave goes full force right off the bat at your mother ship and at first it seems to be impossible to beat when the enemy only uses bombers ion cannons and capital ships which are all the hardest hitting ships in the game and they ignore your fleet and only attack the mother ship. it catches you so off gaurd because the last few missions where not all that difficult and then the mission starts off with a full on assault and when you arent expecting it because most missions give you some room to breath and build ships or set up strike groups and the enemy ends up killing your mother ship in about 2 minutes other then that i feel like the game was well paced.the whole way through and the whole time the faction you play as is very misterious because you dont know much about them and it seems that most of them dont even know much about their own race either all they know is the name of their homeworld written on one of their artifacts which is a map and you slowly learn that you where at one point a huge empire that ruled the galaxy and then reduced to nothing and most of your race is wipped out and exiled to a desert planet its a very intersting story which is unusuall for a RTS gamei have not played homeworld 2 yet but honestly i think this game is worth buying just for the first game alone its strange that a game that came out in 1999 plays better then most RTS games that have recently came out
,Recommended,244160,14668548,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Comrad,"10,1/10,1"
,Recommended,244160,23448832,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,soulicro,"I pre-ordered the Collector's Edition, but I'll be honest - loading up the first Homeworld, getting told to put your ships in formation, and then have that formation mean absolutely nothing in terms of gameplay initially irritated me and eventually put me off on playing the game.Mind you, everything else was pretty much top-notch. Art, sound, visuals - all there. Most of the gameplay still there, too.Anyway, Gearbox have made it clear that this is a labor of love. They have been promising for a while now that a huge ""mega-patch"" was coming that fixes a whole lot of stuff, including adding in proper formations (which required them to rewrite the entire movement code) - and that patch has landed. I've never been more happy with a game. They released a 5.2GB patch! Insane.Highly recommended to old fans such as myself or new-comers who want to fall in love with an entire universe. Between playing The Witcher 3 and this, I think I'll be spoiled plot and universe-wise for a while to come."
,Recommended,244160,14671413,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,ProBoda,"I love homeworld, and nothing has ever been close to the beauty and enjoyment of this game.  I always want to slow down fighting and watch in a thousand different angles of the fighters weaving in and out while capital ships turn broadside to unload their deadly payloads.No space game has ever been remotely close to being like homeworld. Even sins was vastly different.  Something about homeworld is simply original and stunning.The remastered version brings the UI of Homeworld 2 to Homeworld 1 which works. My only complaint is build and research menus can consume what feels like a third of the screen.  Beyond that the game runs so very fluid, like a interstellar ballet.The combat chatter is excelent, though build reminders can become repetative if you are building fast constructing ships that cause the voice to repeatedly remind you that an interceptor is completed.I love this game, I loved it then and I still love it now.10/10"
76561198007019744,Recommended,244160,14694650,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,✪ BLISS ✪,Now I don't need any more games in my life
76561198007525981,Recommended,244160,27839402,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Cheiffy,This game stands the test of time better than any other game I've ever played. Homeworld Remastered is one of the few games that stays installed on my Steam library no matter what else I clean off. With the abundance of fantastic mods for this game there is no reason why you shouldn't own it.
,Recommended,244160,27991500,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,100thlurker,"The remastering of the original Homeworld is at heart a modification of Homeworld 2. The places where the second's engines places limitations on the translation of the original are seemingly minor, but have a considerable effect on the gameplay.One example is the way HW1 smallcraft performance is affected. Some of you might recall that scouts and fighters in HW1 behaved in a semi-newtonian fashion, being able to change their orientation without affecting their current direction of travel. This meant that HW1 fighter formations could radically change direction very quickly; for instance fighters attacking a target in X formation would make their pass and then do the ""Starfury Flip"" a bit of a distance away from the target. This is no longer reflected in the Remaster.The result is that fighter formations are more or less useless in Homeworld Remastered. Unlike larger ships, unmodded HW2 fighters generally have to bank and turn as if in atmosphere unlike their predecessors. This means that the entire formation must wheel around to affect a change in direction, which has the affect you might expect on their ability to fight effectively.Small niggles such as these will affect your experience if you look for them. Thankfully you can compare the differences for yourself by trying out the original once again, as it is bundled with the altogether very affordable package. So long as you keep this in mind you really will not be affected, particularly due to Homeworld's gorgeous visuals."
,Recommended,244160,33785591,Posted: 25 July,all,Soponyai,"A tad bit old, but still very much enjoyable. Epic space opera in a RTS setting. Classic."
76561198044031434,Recommended,244160,33658148,Posted: 19 July,all,WhyYouNoDie?,I played as a child the orignal homeworlds. The remaster they did has only made the nostalgia and game so much better. It was revolutionary when it came out in 1999. I seriously hope more games of this series coome out and I hope more people love this game
,Recommended,244160,24842596,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,LastVerse,Probably one of the best RTS games ever made. A phenomenal game both to play and just to watch the battles unfold
,Recommended,244160,25658536,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,slartibartfasts,"Still an unbeaten classic and just as brilliant now as when it first came out , strangely the updated graphics can be a bit glitchy.If you love an epic space game with a bit of command and conquer , then this is the game for you."
76561198008355633,Recommended,244160,23472708,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,shadis11,Even a good number ot the orginal mods are getting remade for this. I loved this game and they did a FANTASTIC job bringing it back to me! Thanks Gearbox!
,Recommended,244160,14660087,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,EvilTigz,"Many moons ago I use to own this on my old trusty 486 DX, and I love it.  I remember getting lost in the games atmosphere and story, I found the game both calming and challenging.  As years gone past I eventually lost my copy of Homeworld and I very much missed those moments I spent with the game, I could not find another working copy any where (not even on gog).  So I was very happy when I saw the promo for the Homeworld Remastered Collection, and more so to see what a stellar job Gearbox has done.  If you loved the original Homeworld then you will love this, if you love a good RTS game then you will love Homeworld."
76561197978062094,Recommended,244160,14683260,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Nimbus,Bottom Line isIf you Love RTS's and Loved the orginal Homeworld your mind is not going to survive interogation in this Beautifully Remastered Homeworld
,Recommended,244160,14684652,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Goodnight,"One does not simply recognize that this is already a 15 year old game without being told XDAfter 15 years this game is still the best at what it does and it has certainly aged beautifully.Why so much complaining?My advice to those with issues, complaints or problems :* Wait for bugfixes or the modding community to fix it, which they certainly will :D just be patient. You have to bear in mind that this game is already 15 years old and was just remastered, not remade.* Play the Homeworld 2 Classic ( which what Ive been doing ) . I honestly think it is better than the remastered version ( looks aside ) because of all those great mods! Which are:a. Complex modb. Homefront mod ( they have very awesome looking ships )c. Complex Enhanced ( kinda like complex but without the ranks, energy and research points )d. Tactical Fleet Simulator ( makes the game more fast paced and has cool new ships )e. FreeSpace: Fleet CommandThese mods make the classic better than the remastered and i could never again go back to playing vanilla homeworld because they just add so much more to the gameYou can all download these mods in the workshop with just a single click.I hope this helped! See you in the Homeworld everyone!Because of its fair price and the 4 games that it contains i give it a score of:9/10 Please start developing Homeworld 3!( might be 10/10 in the future when they patch things up and some awesome mods gets released )"
,Recommended,244160,14683520,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,[ptrm] alfius,Well it's mostly Homeworld but currently repleat with audio bugs (as of 27/2/15)
76561197968656990,Recommended,244160,14683224,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Hugh Mungus,"About halfway through the first campaign and I'm loving every second of it. This game getting updated graphics and compatibilty is a dream come true.EDIT:Now that I have finished the game I have some VERY  minor complaints:- the timing for some voice dialogue audio samples Is a little off.- even with passive tactics, your fleet will attack ships you are successfullysalvaging - RIP free battlecruiser :(- they used HW2's voices for HW1 ships.- various minor interface peculiarities like zooming  out while scrolling through buildmenu with the mouse wheel, hyperspace button being right in the middle of the screen, etcAll these minor issues can be easily patched if the community complains enough,SUGGESTION:If you enjoy RTS games, Starwars, Battlestar Galactica, or Star Trek, Do not hesistate to get this game."
76561198010482085,Recommended,244160,14684108,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,SevnCell,Get this game.  It's the best strategy game.
76561198069984935,Recommended,244160,14683665,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,ZeoXFatalis,"After playing this game for a few hours and reliving the nostalgia of my childhood I'd have to say that the game definitely delivered. However! There are a few bugs or irritations (namely 2 during my playthrough) that should be prioritized for a fix above all else if I'm to call it the ""closest to perfect"" remaster and that is to recalibrate the formations so that they actually have a meaning in the game. There have been so many instances (practically the whole game) where formations didn't decide the flow of battle. The units just scattered in combat and thus left a lot of undeserved casualties.The second thing to fix is the AI for the harvesters. In the original you could send them out to do their business and wouldn't need to worry about them unless being attacked. But after finishing the first nebula mission and sending them to harvest the rest of the area, they went out, took care of one vein and then just went stationary like there wasn't any resources left (but of course there still were). So I had to manually send them to another vein and have them continue.These need to be fixed if it is to be remembered fully to the original. Many things have been done great but there are still a few things that just ruin the game for me.Overall it is of course a beautiful remaster of the game and the graphics are set on. Just needs a bit of fixing but since it just released I can definitely give the developers some time."
,Recommended,244160,26620389,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Land of Green and Money!,"Easily one of the best PC games ever devised.  Music, Story, intuitive controls, endless emergent scenarios in multiplayer.  Good♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,244160,14733466,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,GrayFox0189,AWESOME!!! i've played this fantastic game when i was boy and i loved it...now i re-played the remastered edition and i felt the same sensations...10/10!!!
76561197988094555,Recommended,244160,14734373,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Hesse,"Homeworld Profile 1999.HWR HW: Campaign almost victorious. Situation Report 04.03.15Victory assured fleet looks forward to HW2 Campaign.Requesting Repair Support.>we're running on vapor here fleet<Gearbox did a great job. A huge service to players and the Homeworld community by transporting one of the greatest games into present and future.As HW player of the first days I state: I am happy but not satisfied yet.It is beautiful. Always has been.HWR runs perfect for me. Not one CTD, one gfx error once, nothing to mention.Intel 9550, RAM 4 gig, GTX 560 Ti"
,Recommended,244160,14667241,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Lain Iwakura,Yay Homeworld!
,Recommended,244160,14662847,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Captain-Weasly,"When it comes to classical games being remastered, I struggle if I should buy it or not.Just within 2 months, the HD remastered version of Resident Evil, Homeworld Remaster Collection are examples of good remasters that released in early 2015, note this its just 2 months in 2015.Homeworld is a game series produced by Relic, which the IP(Intellectual property) is now acquired by Gearbox after THQ's defunct, promising to remaster the nostalgic video game series started back in 1999, Gearbox delivered more than they promised.Other than upgrades/improvements for graphics and interface, costumers, i'll use ""players"" for more friendly, are able to play both Homeworld 1,2 remastered, along with the classical version, and the addition of improved multiplayer.For short, it plays the same and feels the same as it's orignal,If you are a fan of the series, give it some support, they did a good job in delivering the final product.|For new players, don't HATE the game, it is was designed and made in the 90's, respect the design of games that are developed at that specific time periods before start flaming|9 childhood saved out of 10 [3D Cartesian coordinate system]"
76561198117009791,Recommended,244160,14667933,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Leres,"The graphic is definetally nice. I'm really happy that someone remastered this.Only one thing i miss, is that to be able to mirror the mouse horisontally and vertically."
,Recommended,244160,14664696,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Bel,"Ah, the nostalgia! This game has aged very gracefully mechanic-wise since its release. The graphical refresh is very well done, and has generally been an improvement to the experience. Not to mention being able to run it without issue on my Win8.1 install without errors."
76561197976882936,Recommended,244160,14662506,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Rectunator,"It's Homeworld with modern graphics and compability with modern hardware. WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU EXPECTING? SELL YOUR KIDS, SELL YOUR WIFE, BUY HOMEWORLD."
,Recommended,244160,14664284,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,NaN,"Would give it 8.5/10, Its an awesome remastering of the old homeworld games.The only reason this game isn't a 9/10 is that it still has some bugs in single player like ships getting stuck, move commands not working for some reason a minute before a cinematic. Hopefully it will be fixed."
76561197977698577,Recommended,244160,14664424,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Ahmazzan,"Only just getting back into these great remasters, but without doubt the amount of effort expended here far surpasses most other ""HD remasters"".The Good:-The textures and cinematics have been updated and have improved in quality to a staggering degree,-The Audio, both music and dialogue, are excellent and crystal clear,-The gameplay is just as fun and immersive as I remember.-A plethora of new built-in skirmish features such as king of the hill style elements and of course the cross-race battles, all optional, and all great additions that keep the gameplay more current.-Also retains its predecessors' knack for displaying beautiful graphics with very light load on the system, even older computers should make it look very fancy indeed.Any downsides? Well:-One or two tech hiccups, in particular a CTD graphics bug which, for me at least, was solved by turning off shadows, not a huge sacrifice, especially in space, but a little annoying.-I have heard of other bugs, though have experienced none of them myself, but so far my game time is limited to the campaign and skirmish.-You also have to create a third-party account for multiplayer - painless and quick, but you have been warned.Conclusion? All in all 100% solid gold angel-moon cheese! A certain buy for any long term fan of the series, and VERY highly recommended for any fan of RTSs in general wanting a breath of old (but ironically, very fresh) air! Get it now!"
76561198149562205,Recommended,244160,30018427,Posted: 18 February,all,The Real Saucy Egg McMuffin,"One of the best RTS games I've played recently, and definetly in my top 5.  However, I am still getting bugs with the Launcher, which outright refuses to start either of the Classic editions of either game.  Very dissapointing indeed."
76561197961986485,Recommended,244160,14667323,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Chunderfield,The cornerstone space RTS has returned in full glorious modernity.
,Recommended,244160,14663014,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,=GzR=Blick,"So, spent a couple hours with this so far. Alls I gotta say is if you like the originals then youre going to like the remastered. Same game with astounding graphics."
,Recommended,244160,23227974,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Mister 4 Eyes,"This collection is amazing. First about the collection itself, the collection has a whole bunch of content that at the time of writing I haven't even got to yet. Not only do they have the original homeworld 1 and 2, but also the re-mastered version which clearly had a lot of love put into them.Now, I know some people will call this blasphemous, but I haven't played the original versions, and I'll give a review for each game in the collection. There may be changes in the originals and remasters like the UI and apparently some unit balancing issues? Again, the changes seem small and don't seem to impact the gameplay for the casual or moderate homeworld fan.Anyway, onto the review, I'll go in order of Homeworld and Homeworld 2 had to be cut short due to me running out of characters. [grumble grumble]Homeworld was an amazing experience to go through, and gave me a feeling a game hasn't given me in awhile. This is a sense of mystery and the feeling of being a small speck in the midst of outer space. An insignificant spec, just managing to survive. But as you go along, the largest foe opposing you who seem like an unstoppable force that will wipe you out in the blink of an eye. But you just bite at the small, weak appendages of this large creature until you (hopefully) become large enough to stand a chance.But as the game goes along, and you realise you're hatred of this foe is not alone, you end up becoming stronger, as you gain more and more victories, and you become something greater than what you started, you don't feel weak against your foe, you end up feeling like you can just make it.Now, for the gameplay of the game, the gameplay is very strategic, much more strategic than what I was expecting. You can't just throw your mighty battleships at the enemy and expect to win, because since you may of destroyed their first offensive, you're heavily crippled, and it just so happens that there are, admittedly smaller, but far scarier foes awaiting just outside the range of your sensors, and they are hungry. I find myself later in the game attempting to break off their fleet in chasing something small, but leading them where my ships lay, and I have the advantage by planning the whole thing in advance. Your experience might be different but I had a blast.Now for some memorable moments from my playthrough of the game, some spoilers.The first moment I can think of is the first attack on the foe (completely forgot their name, some federation). When we warp in, my battle relay guy(?) notifies me that the hostile fleet is right ahead. Here, I'm a bit scared ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ because I saw what they can do, and even though its weakened, they still have a substantial fleet. He gave the order to exterminate the fleet. At this moment of time, I still see that fleat as an unstoppable force, and they had battlecruisers and I didn't. Did I mention I was scared? Anyway, I mass produced these vehicle extraction units (forgot the name) which basically steals ships in hopes of capturing one of the ships. However, it turned out that I overestimated the foe (which is what I always do, it's better to overestimate and crush your foe with overwhelming force them to not be prepared for a superior force) and I ended up destroying most of their ships, except for one. I then got this evil grin on my face as this carrier was trying to escape from me, I ordered my ships to shoot out the engines, and I sent in the extractors. I ended up stealing their carrier as a trophy, a claim of ""I annihilated your force and now I'm using your ship against you"" sort of fashion. That ship eventually became invaluable to the fleet, acting as a medical station for the smaller ships and as a transport bay for them as well. Protection from attack.The second moment I'll share is this moment when you enter a nebula and there is deadly radiation flooding the area. You had to plan your moves carefully to not have your ship's be dissolved in the radiation (a bit unrealistic but it's a videogame so I'll let it slide) I'm moving through this cloud and I spot a minelayer. This is the first one I encountered one, I quickly destroy it and think to myself, ""Job well done, no mines! Onwards to glory!"" but a little bit later, I found the mine field it set up, it crippled some of my most powerful ships, and when I'm getting my repair frigates ready, I spot 2 destroyers peek out from the nebula. At this point in time, I had about 3 destroyers, the carrier (the one I stole earlier) and a fleet of frigates. ""Piece of cake"" I thought to myself. Bad mistake, because with them, they had missile frigates that were staying JUST out of sight, but firing on my ships nonetheless. And whatever the hell that destroyer was made from, my whole fleet of 25 ish ships was completely and utterly obliterated by 5 ships and a few mines. Then I started planning out my path for the target, and I had an escort, and everything, finding small bands of these ships and crushing them under suprise.The third, and final moment I can share is the junkyard. During this level, you enter a creepy junkyard, with a bunch of gun platforms dotting the place, protecting...something...still don't know what it was. No biggy I thought, but something didn't feel right, so I sent my capital ships in with caution, and to obliterate the gun platform obviously. But after I sent them out, I started doing some micromanaging at base, when I heard ""one of your ships have gone missing"". ""What do you mean, 'one of your ships have gone missing'? How the hell can you lose a capital ship?"" I'm thinking to myself. then I look over, and I see the missing ship warp back into view, but it was hostile. I had no idea what was going on until I saw this one small-ish ship coming in, only known as the Junkyard Dog, and it was barreling straight for one of the capital ships. The it just snatches it and warped out at a becon. I was stunned, but also very♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥so I restarted the level. After about 3 ish restarts, I got very♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at this dog and after my attempts of sending small ships through the junkyard failed miserably, I got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and made ships that could freeze it. I had like 5 of them, so the dog couldn't escape. I had my whole fleet waiting nervously for any signs of the dog. And when my guard was low, it came within 1 km from one of my ships! I know, 1 kilometer seems far, but remember, these ships are several kilometers in length so that was WAY too close for comfort. I froze it and with all the might of my fleet, and about 10 minutes of continuous fire from all ships, I finally killed the dog. I was never so happy to kill a dog until now.After all the praise I gave for homeworld, you would think I would give homeworld 2 as much praise, but to be honest, it was a bit disappointing. I feel the collection is worth it for homeworld alone. So just buy it, and if you want to play homeworld 2, just do it. It's still enjoyable in a morbid way.Sadly, steam won't let me finish the review, because I have a lot of worlds for homeworld 2 that's not exactly flattering. But again, just buy it and see it for yourself. You have nothing to lose (Except for possibly your time) so just do whatever you feel is best."
,Recommended,244160,23030784,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Foxter | id96,"Brings back too many awesome memories. Love it, & how they included the originals. Huge respect to the team's behind this. 10/10 Recommend!"
,Recommended,244160,24869824,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Tooth Goblin,"A classic game remasterd for the best. Im glad they did this, i loved this game growing up and now to have the full game + the 2nd version of the game + the old versions this is a dream come true!"
,Recommended,244160,23815653,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Ikarrus,"Preamble:I played HW1 a long time ago when I was too young to really appreciate it. I only had vague memories of it coming in.Homeworld 1:A simple game that still manages to make a great impact thanks to it's beautiful presentation. You really do feel like you're leading a group of nomadic exiles in search of their new home, and all the bizarre scenarios they find them selves in.I love the idea of being able to take everything with you to the next mission, although it did create some really nasty situations, especially during the Nebula missions, and the last few missions feel like a cakewalk if you over-prepared (Not that it makes the last mission any more beautifully done).Homeworld 2:Will play soon."
76561197969749884,Recommended,244160,24748117,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Sarkoth,One of the true classics of space games. Basically the holy land of space strategy come true and remade remarkably well.I sank another 100 hours into it like it was nothing.
,Recommended,244160,27933837,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Red Dirt Gamer,"SummaryI love this game, but it has some serious growing up to do in the genre of Sci-Fi.One thing about this game that I love is the wide variety of ships we can choose from and also the ability to customize our ships to our liking. Now the one thing that saddens me the most is the fact the Frontier Developments basically stated that they player will never be able to pilot ships as big as Farragut which puts a dampers. One the greatest feelings in space theme games is piloting a capital class ship, commanding squadrons of fighters while laying massive firepower that turns the tide of a battle or defending the ship against ambush of fighters. Eve Online brought a never ending hunger for player driven wars between two player ran corporations or alliances over vast expansions of space in attempt to control the non-settled frontiers of space. There is also player built stations, player build fortifications, player held planets, player owned solar systems, and player owned shipyards that make it feels like the galaxy is alive. For such a vast open end game, it feels like there is very little purpose for the player except for tagging along for the ride, we barely shape the galaxy.Why Capital Ships Are Unobtainable?By limiting players ability to interact with your galaxy, you are faced with the outcome that players will not be able to do much in a vast open end world that you have created. The only thing that us players do have forward to look too is playing the vast variety of ships available in the game. When you deny two ships to the players who play, Frontier Developments are hurting their ability to be flexible in their approach. Basically you are putting a artificial block on the growth of ship variety by doing this, you can never build bigger than that single capital ship. Once players hit Corvette and Cutter, they can’t advance any further while NPC have Farragut and Majestic class ships that dwarf player owned ships. It isn’t because these ships are rare and limited in numbers, in-fact they are very common because you find them throughout all conflict zones regardless of where you are in the galaxy. We should be asking why capital ships are unobtainable when they are not unique or rare?Why Can’t Players Have Groups?Groups are so important in massive multiplayer online games, it connects players together and helps them do things that they can’t normally do alone. Look at Eve Online that is built around players working together, they achieve amazing and epic accomplishments that are a envy of thousands of players while being big enough to be featured in national news articles. This advertises the game in a way that no other game has achieved because players want to be a part of this and willing to dedicate years to achieving something. By offering the ability to own solar systems, stations, shipyards, and factions; they are not only giving room for this game to grow, they are creating a environment that will advertise itself and help the game community to grow. By letting players be able to shape and expand the galaxy, Frontier Development are basically making it easier to establish the world around the players as things evolve and grow. Why must you limit the expansion of the bubble to your time schedule?The Point?So basically what I am saying is, stop trying to force the galaxy to grow, let it grow on its own by giving the tools to the players. You can shape the basic story-line which players will follow without much of a issue, but once you are trying to micro-manage a galaxy of players, you will be limited severely to the point you will practically lose steam quicker. Players love the ability to shape, choose, and control their galaxy more than  tagging along for the ride with limited options to experience it. So do yourself a favor, be more flexible.Rating:8/10"
,Recommended,244160,15677827,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Alpha_1_SLS,"If you have never played any of the other Home World games you are in for a treat, jaw dropping graphics, beautiful visuals, astonishing audio. If you have, leave your memories at the door, they will be shattered.This is definitely not a remastered collection. This is little more than a re-imaging of HW2 with HW1 ships added in. If you have fond memories of the multiplayer lobby experience, don't come here expecting to make new ones, that key feature is totally absent and no plans are in the works currently to add one. This is definitely NOT a remastering of the originals.If you can live with those differences more power to you, me, I give it the following scores:Visuals: 5 out of 5Audio: 4.5 out of 5Controls: 2.5 out of 5Game play Single play: 3.5 out of 5Game play Multiplay: 2 out of 5**IMHO lack of a lobby seriously drops the score for multiplay, game play can be really fun, but no chance to talk with your team mates after a game or to discuss games in a lobby while waiting for games to start, really drops the longevity of the title.UPDATE:Since this original review was posted the developers surprized the community with a functioning lobby. It isn't the lobby system we had in either of the originals but it does raise the fun factor and multi-playability a tremendous amount. Now you can talk with anyone  in the main lobby or in the game lobby while waiting to get enough people to join. That alone is enough to raise the score I put for multiplay to 4 out of 5.The developers also released a major patch that fixed a lot of issues but there is still a load of work needing completion. The game is better now than it was at release and hopefully we will see the final polish put on the game in 2017."
76561198082659002,Recommended,244160,28925207,Posted: 1 January,all,PeanutTheGecko,*Spends a half an hour preparing a giant fleet for battle and goes in for the attack**entire fleet gets deleted in less than 5 minutes*I reconmend this game to anyone who really loves sci fi rts'. The battle tactics have so much detail it takes a while to learn and has so much of an impact on your battles. Its a lot different than the other  rts I have played. Its really fun and looks awesome.
76561197993861175,Recommended,244160,24499520,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Mr Giraffe,"It's Homeworld. Remastered. Those who know the original know why this game is worth a remake. Those who don't should play it. than they'll know.One of the most original RTS ever made. It is also one of the only truly real time strategy (emphasis on strategy) game out there, as your remaining forces and resources travel with you to the next mission."
,Recommended,244160,14652432,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Ivλn | マルカス,It's so nice that they have remaded this game. I used to play this game so mutch when i was younger and now i can play the game again but better graphics.The campaign has good story and the multiplayer mode you can now play the races from both Homeworld 1 & 2 which is awesome.(Kinda sad this didn't include cataclysm but i would still recommend this game if you are looking for good space RTS.)
,Recommended,244160,14782298,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,InvincibleMan38,"What's not to like?  Impressive graphics, great gameplay, tactical freedom, and a story like no other.  It's a dream come true for gamers everywhere.  Homeworld Remastered is a must have."
,Recommended,244160,14667561,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Zafyr,"Do you love Space? Do you love space ships? Get this game.Whats that? you don't like RTS games? too bad, get it anyways. It looks absolutely gorgeous, and the story is absolutely amazing."
,Recommended,244160,24507655,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Mammothmk2,"The real space battle,begin with this！"
,Recommended,244160,14797750,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Saph,"I used to play Homeworld years ago and loved it, but ended up turning my attention towards other games as time went by.However, I am so glad it has been remastered, and am already enjoying reliving each story mission, every careful plan with where to put resources, the combat and even looking at the mods available as well. I've certainly missed capturing enemy frigates and destroyers with salvagers haha.Definitely a game I would recommend: A great sci-fi RTS that challenges the player and brings an awesome level of space conflict and resource acquirement."
,Recommended,244160,29504644,Posted: 26 January,all,John McLuck,"I never playd the original Homeworld as I was to small then, and when I saw Homeworld in some video game store when I was older I thought it was just another mediocre space rts game. I was really, really wrong.Has to be the most epic RTS game I've ever playd , the story is fantastic, the music is f*cking awesome , crapton of explosions and projectiles , loads of different ship types you get to play around with to feel like a fleet commander.After you are done playing both of the campaigns you can mess around in team battles VS the AI ( Which shows no dam mercy), or head straight into PvP.To anyone who is thinking about buying this, I say do it. It is worth every single euro/dollar you spend on it."
76561197984394624,Recommended,244160,21185700,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Valeriy The Greatest,"So... We got f*ed up first HW, tho we can play classic version of it since it is included in this edition. But we also got renewed HW2, which wasnt changed in terms of gameplay as I know (didnt played R version much yet). Think they deserve likes, not hateful comments, the frunchise is alive, finally! We just get 1 great remake with stunning graphic instead of two (and a good reason to complete the second part of the game for the ones who was disappointed in it after glorius original). Ah, and no Cataclysm because of technical issues, still I wanted them to include classic version of it :/"
76561198203304607,Recommended,244160,22930992,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,EnragedWolf99,This is a very good deal and all the content is very good and the gameplay is very smooth.
76561198045394847,Recommended,244160,21957733,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,DarkSkyViking,"If you ever played the original game back in the 90s, this is worth a buy.  Not just for the remastered copy, but because you get access to the ORIGINAL game with the ability to run it on contemporary hardware and operating systems.  For the low price, I think that's totally worth it.  Totally."
,Recommended,244160,14653765,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,"Jakeman, Noble Citizen of London","Homeworld.It's Homeworld. What more is there to say?This is a game that redefined the space RTS genre, the only game that did it right, and a game that's stood the test of time and is still beautiful even to this day.The story dwarfs anything.And somehow they've made it even more beautiful and better.Gearbox have done an astonishing job with this.Play it and like it, or get out."
76561198007862397,Recommended,244160,30022416,Posted: 18 February,all,smclaughlin33,"The game is fun to play, but remember to restart your computer after downloading.  Ortherwise the crashes WILL happen."
,Not Recommended,244160,19544122,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Cookieb⊕t,"Awful remake, And apparently time goldens memories on the original too."
,Recommended,244160,14657407,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,CommissarBRO,"Oh... Homeworld, I've loved you and lost you... I'm so happy to have you again. Welcome back sweet prince, let's go blow space ships up and relive the best Strategy game story ever.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5GeKk73Rhjs"
,Recommended,244160,19727686,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Geekster23,One of the best strategy games out there and highly reccomend to any RTS enthusiasts
,Recommended,244160,19750365,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,ZioN,"I played the Classics Homeworld 1 and 2, and I love the fact I can now play it on my windows 10 :D  And Mods you can get with this game, makes it so you never have to be bored.  Physics may not be the most realistic but love the gameplay, and story line.  And they improved on telling the story in the Remastered."
76561198072823646,Recommended,244160,19503851,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Villid,"As fun as it always was, and visually superb."
,Recommended,244160,15747676,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,gothicwigga,JUST AS FUN TO TAKE SCREENSHOTS OF AS IT IS TO PLAY
,Recommended,244160,14963444,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Cpl. Thomas [1st RB],"Homeworld is perhaps one of my favorite games of all time right now. It is fun, exciting, and challenging all at the same time. Though I did not play the original Homeworld series, I know see why so many love it. If you are someone like me who loves RTS and Sci-Fi games but want it to be a little more simple, unlike Sins of a Solar Empire, get this game. It is totally worth it."
76561198008086685,Recommended,244160,14766193,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,BushmanBob,"Highly recommend this game, regardless of the current bugs."
,Recommended,244160,14697067,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Nacho,"This game is amazing.  I was a huge fan of the originals and am very happy to see it return to modern operating systems.So far, I have only been playing the campaign and it is amazing.  The story is very good with each level difficult in its own way.  If you are a fan of RTS, you should play this game.Performance wise, it runs very well.  I have only had one or two crash to desktops throughout all my time and I expect that will be fixed with patches.  Just make sure you save within the campaing level.I haven't tried the multiplayer yet, but am very excited to get into it.  Currently, I do not see any matchmaking system and am unaware of any plans for one, so the matches will be limited to lobby games.I was not excited about gearbox winning the IP and had no hope for this product when they announced the remaster.  They have proved me wrong.  This is an amazing restoration of a classic that still holds up to the test of time."
,Recommended,244160,15197241,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,erickpasta,Why aren't you playing this game?
,Recommended,244160,20797817,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Johnson,"I don't think I'll ever say that ""Sleep is important"" Ever again.11/10 Would make eyes bleed again"
76561198012134136,Recommended,244160,15682147,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,TurboBugHunter,"Takes me back to the glorious days of building huge fleets and battling it out in the endless void. The visual advances are stunning and it's great seeing the previously boxy ships of the original Homeworld given a complete make over with new textures and lighting.However, playing Hoeworld 1 with Homeworld 2 mechanics just doesn't feel quite right. Having some of the formations missing and none of the original tactics options is a bit of a disappointment.In the end this doesn't detract from the overall experience and it is still a joy to play, especially with a friend or two."
76561198007865141,Recommended,244160,17629146,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,ExtƎ,"Even though the UI doesn't match the original's completely, they complete, with the soundtrack and assets, that special nostalgic feeling.I would recommend this collection if you enjoyed the originals and still have an interest in playing them."
,Recommended,244160,23621225,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Grimpak,Pros: omg the memoriesCons: HW1 credits song was changed noooooooooo
,Recommended,244160,28047165,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,reapercide,"I nominated this game for the test of time award because the core mechanics of the game still stand strong after all these years.One of the best space RTS ever made! I have played it before, and now with the remastered edition and with support for mods it will sure give new life to the game for years to come.Pure fun!"
76561198111060964,Recommended,244160,15394119,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Sycopeewee,"I very much enjoy this game even though I havent been playing very long, the time I did play though was amazing ,graphics,combat, its definetly a one of a kind game and to all you players out there dont pass up on this great oppurtunity."
76561197994194195,Recommended,244160,24308726,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Painty,Sadly can't get this game to run under win10 with a radeon 6950 video card. Tried all the troubleshooting but constantly crashes after the logo. Win10 says it is an incompatible program but running under comaptibility mode doesnt achieve anything.Update: Rolled back from the latest drivers to the version  15 and it works :)
76561198044524983,Recommended,244160,24322038,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Lahmisbomb,"As someone who played the original HW and couldn't wait for HW2 to come out, I really like this game. The update in June was welcome but honestly I didn't really see any problmes to begin with. I have an average system that was average 2 years ago when I bought it off the shelf at BB, so if it works on mine it really should work on yours. I've spent plenty of time on this since buying it in May 2016."
,Recommended,244160,24388988,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,DukesOfDevon,"Yes. Just yes. This is exactly what the doctor ordered.""They dont make games like they used to"" there's some merit to this, but remastering a classic and improving upon it in every way... now thats a rare gem."
76561198337838260,Recommended,244160,28132173,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,jjeff1955,"Awesome! Installed without a hitch. Brought back many good Memories from years ago of playing this game.Did a install test and all has passed. Great Eye Candy, for those who love deep Space Graphics and action."
76561197977801110,Recommended,244160,20821404,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,-=MDK=- TNalac,A true classic. Remastered for a new taste of what is great.  Coop fun to be had all around. Setting for the game allow you create strapped intense fights or laid back armies of death.  Great for clan/guild play.
76561197995835842,Recommended,244160,24169800,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,RogersonCrusoe,"If you liked the original homeworld (and that's probably why you clicked on the icon), you'll love this.  Why are you still reading this? Go on! Buy it!"
76561197962049516,Recommended,244160,27864689,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Cpt. Jack Harkness,"I nominated this for Best Singleplayer Story Narrative in the make your own category. For me, at the time this came out almost twenty years ago originally around the same time frame as the first Half Life game it had a story and background elements that unfolded and left a mark in your mind as you progressed through it.I still have the retail box cd version of this tucked away in a box in the closet with a bunch of other games. The thing about this one to me was because it was a Real Time Strategy game and not a First Person Shooter that took storytelling in an original idea at the time and framed it beautifully for the kind of game it is.The introduction sequences along with the first few levels is some of the best opening gameplay of any game I have ever played. It's why I nominated this because I still remember it to this day without having played it in so long until this remastered version came out.The writing is top notch, what I liked best about it was playing and hearing all the little combat chatter from units the choices of words that were used. Similar to how I love the combat chatter from the units in the StarCraft games.Can't say the same about a lot of games I have played. It also really helps if you are a big fan of the genre in both science fiction and real time strategy games. That old classic resource gathering base building model from the command and conquer games is used to a great effect in this game.At the time this game took that formula and put into 3D space, you no longer were scrolling across a 2D map. You played this game and had 360 degree awareness all around your mothership.The guys at Relic Entertainment came up with what's called the Sensors Manager for the game to handle that extra dimension and it was mind blowing when you saw it for the first time way back then. Because it was in real-time, you didn't wait for it to load up. You tapped the space bar and toggled it on and off at will, it's a common feature now but back in the early 2000's when you first used that it was fantastic."
,Recommended,244160,17220371,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,BlazeC1990,"One of the finest games ever made, given a loving and glorious make-over with a few welcome tweaks.Original versions come as part of the package too for those who want them without change.If you're a fan of narrative driven games or real time strategy games of a different cloth to the usual stuff, then this is a must have for any enthusiast.10/10"
,Recommended,244160,16767241,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Trenton Blaze,A sexy remaster.
,Recommended,244160,23222600,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,[SupG] Zipdigital,"Faithful remastering of the originals, now in HD resolutions. :) If you loved the originals and feel like a bit of Nostolgia, it is a great buy...though I would suggest waiting on a sale."
76561198040594380,Recommended,244160,27905961,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Moridin,"I love these games from the bottom of my heart. Have been playing them since I was 10. The storytelling is beyond superb, the graphics are astonishing, and the music is both touching and haunting. Easy recommendation."
76561198180901522,Recommended,244160,16730600,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Penguin90S,"This game is amazing, the graphics are great, and its smooth and fun. I would reccommend this to anyone who enjoys games like Starcraft and other RTS games"
76561197992975395,Not Recommended,244160,14854964,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,stiirpöör,"So, this is my review of the Homeworld1 remastered.I have no interest in playing or trying homeworld 2 remastered because it wass pretty dull back in the day when it was launched and it propably haven`t gone any better in the last decade storywise unless some radical changes in script what i will highly doubt what is saw from the ""effort"" they put in HW1R.I`m going to list some bugs and issues from my playthrough of HW1R. (PRIOR UPDATE 1)Let`s begin.-Strikecraft fuel (so that is one gameplay mechanic removed)-Support frigates tend to bug out in groups(start spinning around in circles) and guard command does not seem to work with them(?)((only repair order))-Military parade formation dont work (is in the game?)-Resource collector can`t seem to find resources sometimes and you have to issue scout parties to find nearby resource field + salvaging scrap metal won`t work as intented(?) all resourcers try to get the one only hunk of metal and follow single resourcer so...(i think this was issue too in the original but thought remastered would fix that??)-Once saw a invisible Heavy corvette(wow)-VOICEBUG FIX IT FIX IT(some ships leave engine sound even thought they are gone and the sound goes on)-detachment of formations while in combat(annoying to use attack bombers for example)-garden of kadeshi capital ships got stuck while retreating to kar`toba and were invicible that happened few times on level 08.-Captured carriers cannot build, only launch? (????)-Captured ships change or dont change colour(??)and it seems some change stats too. for example black ion cannon frigates after hyperspacing they change colour and stats.(woo)-Some captured ships (or most) cannot be retired before hyperspacing to next level.(so you have to scuttle them if you dont want horde of crap thrown at you on the next level)-some scripted scenes decided not to show up(???)-after cancelling hyperspace jump you cannot access sensors manager.-junkyard dog is bugged out totally(for example destroy the hyperspace gate where it is going to jump it will roll around aimlessly around non-existing gate)+ you cannot attack it when it has captured any of your capital ships except with fighters and corvettes.-invisible harvestable metal scrap-Autolaunch during beginning of every level(?)- research ship sometimes gets weird and goes to pieces in the middle of the level (like half of it docks with mothership and other half dont)-Docking issues with strikecraft during movement with carriers for example-NO TAIDAAN CAMPAIGN why?I really feel like devs could had done much better work with this franchise improving gameplay mechanics and overall enjoyment/replayability level of the game.To me this feels like they just tried to port hw1 to hw2 engine slap new UI over it and voila + the visuals ofc, but i gotta say game looks beautiful and sounds too but i feel i have much less now than with the original.No taidaan campaign was a big blow to me because i enjoyed the idea of playing both races and still no timewarp, even cataclysm had it. this is not a difficult game thanks to the HW2 style fleetsize based enemy force size manager.gameplay wise i dont think devs did anything to improve or add to the game, i wish i could`ve capture raider carrier but no or to find easter eggs i havent found before or to have something expanded to me what was not propably in the original game.this should have been called homeworld 2 remastered + homeworld 1 mod.remastered should be superior compared against original, this is not the deal here.Devs propably are not going to fix these issues.note to devs:do not try to do a remaster if you cant do it correctly."
76561198017015210,Recommended,244160,15941131,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,sps_sy,Just tell me how many copies I need to buy so you guys will make HW3!!!
76561198283715777,Recommended,244160,23357225,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Jon Cale,i played this game when the original came out and it was fun then and still is.
,Recommended,244160,14675314,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Kittenmancer,"Barring a minor hiccup with the Multiplayer, which Gearbox are in the process of fixing, this has proven to be everything I've wanted with a Homeworld remake. It's kept what made the original games great and just made it beautiful."
,Recommended,244160,14706789,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,DeathWarrant,"Of all the remaster's I have encountered this is the best one by far. Gearbox didn't want to reimagine the game or reinvent it, they got the old developers back together and remade the game in all its glory. Hell if you don't want to play the remastered versions you even get the old classic versions  that have been updated to work on modern OS's.The new interface is a huge improvement and the game itself has been refined to work smoothly and painlessly. The multiplayer is still in beta but to be honest, if you buy this for the multiplayer you are going to be dissapointed, the core feature of the Homeworld series has always been about the story, the story of the Hiigarans.This game isn't just a remaster, this is the revival of a series, and it is very clear the developers didn't just want to create something the fans would love, but something they would also love, this game is a love letter to the fans to say thanks for the support.Also the mods are pretty great."
76561198306475541,Recommended,244160,23384720,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,NaphthaFire,"hate the auto jump at end of missionsy, there IS no chance to rebuildthus you waste ships due to being destroyedcause you have to few to combat the ui mass fully completed fleet'S yes multi at timesand it is just silly rebuilding before you complete a missonesp if ui is collecting the much needed ruif its not to be captured not liking the fact you waste time and effort and lost of ships trying tocpu vs methe counts on some options in game play fail at timescpu killed 160 ships  i did not even build that many let alone lose that many  it gives cpu ru for completing eventsif no incoming ru cpu can not buildcompleted all upgrades end stats states only 66% ????"
76561197983492555,Recommended,244160,28026260,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Sir Aaron,"It's been a long time since I have played this game but worth the price of admission to play once more and remastered no less. If strategy is what you are after then look no further, welcome home."
,Recommended,244160,24150340,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,RHF,♥♥♥♥ing amazballs.
76561197990294953,Recommended,244160,23875225,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,d3im0s,"One of the best RTSes out there totally remastered with alot of passion for detail. If you do not know Homeworld by now, it's about time. Thumbs up Gearbox!"
76561197970907181,Recommended,244160,24484919,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Zane Solomon,"forever my favorite RTS. space combat beam weapons, missles, fighters, corvetts, frigs, destroyers, battlecruisers, ah yes explosions in space so wonderful."
76561198278566213,Recommended,244160,22008107,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,More8,"This is the original with improved graphics so that even Randy Pitchford couldn't mess it up. Sorry Randy, I forgive you, but it does not mean I never forget ACM. By the way Randy, If you ever read this (why would that ever happen?) I do like ACM, I love it but I F""#¤ hate it with a vengeance if you know what I mean. It's like a Girlfriend, there's no being with her but no being without either. Thanks for the Stasis Interrupted though :)Okay so why I went on a rant about GBX software is that what can I add to a nearly perfect game saga that is now officially improved upon? Go check it out if you have not played and find out why these games are legendary and if you love the old ones, still there's a reason to check this one out for nostalgia's sake. What a better way to forgive GBX than giving them money for this one ;)"
,Recommended,244160,16808741,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Brother Vegeta,"one of the best rts games i have ever played, the remastered version brings up to date the exact same excitement and brilliance of the first orientation. the modding community has came up in the hundreds to support the game once more. the controls and the reskin has made this game feel fresh and new and the developers have done a great job in reintergrating with the modding community which made this game into something else entirely.after playing this game again and reliving the experience again i am glad to say that this remastering is exactly what it says on the package, a complete and utter mastery of the same game that proved to define a generation and revitalise the rts theme.  10/10"
,Recommended,244160,35233338,Posted: 26 September,all,Brutakas,"It's a strange hybrid of Homeworld 1 & 2.  Worth it if you were a fan of either. Especially, after the final patch."
76561198071611456,Recommended,244160,35473986,Posted: 4 October,all,AmberGoldPL,Classic game with modern graphic - worth every $
,Recommended,244160,14681698,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,x3rx3s,A brilliant remaster of a timeless classic. Well done to Gearbox! You've done a fanastic job and I think have set the benchmark for any future remasters or HD re-releases.
,Recommended,244160,14684022,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Hampstonater,9.5/10I took 0.5 off because of several bugs that I have encountered.
76561198139324843,Recommended,244160,25974087,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Dr. Shorty,The ship designs and combat are ♥♥♥♥♥♥ inducing to say the least
76561197993785556,Recommended,244160,23655876,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,sunnytater,Classic and amazing games
,Recommended,244160,14689252,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Cloaked,Awesome game!!! The Homeworld series has been my favorite video game series since the early 2000's. Homeworld remastered is simply the best space RTS game imho.
,Recommended,244160,14684492,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,luckdragon82,"After 15 years, the storyline and gameplay is very unique. Very few modern games immerse you as well as Homeworld can, even to the point of feeling bad for the fighter pilots. When I first played the original game, I was running an AMD-K6/2 w/3D-NOW at 500MHz, 64Megabytes of Memory at 100MHz, a 10GB HDD, a Soundblaster AWE-32 and a VooDoo 5-5000. Now I'm rocking an 8-core AMD 3.1GHz (o.c. to 4.1) CPU, 16Gigs of 1600MHz memory, apx 1.4Tb of storage from 2-SSDs and one HDD, a Soundblaster X-Fi and dual NVidia GTX-660Ti in SLI. All this power just to enjoy the game at maximum resolution, and it's SO FREAKIN WORTH IT! Of course, there are others with far more power than this, but I'm happy with what I pull at 60FpS."
,Recommended,244160,14684319,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,The.Infinity（牛牛）,"10/10 A must buy fine piece of classic RTS, 2015 is the year of the RTS."
,Recommended,244160,14684122,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Street Preacher,Yes. Yes. Yes.
,Recommended,244160,14694019,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Dark Helmet,perfection tbh
,Recommended,244160,14689894,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Brian,"An old lengend, has just been updated and it doesnt disappoint... truely amazing!!!"
,Recommended,244160,14684124,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,LegendOfTheDeadCruiser,"This is the hardest RTS hands down, but god damnit, Dan Simmons GO HOME!"
76561197970073992,Recommended,244160,14683176,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Snuffalufaguss,love it
,Recommended,244160,27777551,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,jamin,"Home world was THE 3D space RTS game. It defined the genre back in 1999Fantastic gameplay aside, the story and music made drew you in like few other gamesIt's great that they have rematered it, just a shame Ctatclysm couldnt be part of the collection - maybe someday"
,Recommended,244160,14669909,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Phil,Great game! Thank you so much for Remastering it!!!!!!!
76561198006535517,Recommended,244160,14673405,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,syrik,"I never played Homeworld back when it came out, I was playing Starcraft and Warcraft.  Now I'm wishing I had.  Being that I never played the original, I don't have some of the complaints that the veterans do with the changes made due to importing HW1 into the HW2 engine.  I understand why they did it and it doesn't bother me.  It shouldn't bother you either.  The game is a blast to play, the storytelling is amazing and it really looks and sounds beautiful.  Yes, there are bugs at the moment (release week) but Gearbox has said on their forums they are collecting feedback for future patches to address many of the issues the veterans have (if possible within the constraints of the engine) and should have the first bug patch ready less than a week after launch.  So long as Gearbox lives up to that, everyone should be happy.  Is it worth $35?  If you like space RTS games (of which there are pitiful few available) then yes.  If you liked Sins of a Solar Empire but wanted a campaign for it, then this is what you've always dreamed of.  Get it today."
,Recommended,244160,29753248,Posted: 6 February,all,Gwado,The foundation for all strategic and tactical games. Truly a unique game. I'd love to explore this universe more.
,Recommended,244160,14682116,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Frunklin,Mothership.
76561198160266859,Recommended,244160,14672166,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,tendopain,"I myself have never played the original Homeworld games till this remaster and I must say that I wish that I could rewind the time and go play them just for trash talking rights. But, this remaster is GREAT on every level. At first when I installed the game it wouldnt work on my laptop. I could hear the music playing but had a blank screen so i had to update my video drivers and that fixed the issue. Since then i've had one forced shut down of the game. But other than that it's been smooth sailing from there on out. Now, back to the game. It is a very and I mean VERY detailed game and requires LOTS of thinking. But, the graphics are GREAT and the musical score is by far the BEST i've heard in a RTS.  I give this game a 9.5/10"
,Not Recommended,244160,14730619,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,[DUDE]MACX,"LOL, i thought Homeworld remastered. should be some interesting HD graphs with old fashioned controls.But i´m sorry to say the game is actually worse to play. controls are laggy and graphics are not good at all. i´ve tried to play the game for a couple of days but when i started loosing due to non responsive controls i deleted it.Too bad, as HM2 was a fun game to play in the early days . I can´t recommend it"
76561198016685196,Recommended,244160,14665468,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Fuck,"For all the space strategy games this one takes the cake. Solid gameplay , I also like to look forward to mods this game has great potential with the remaster. If you like strategy do this."
,Recommended,244160,14665367,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Emrakool,"Homeworld was one of the first games that I ever played way back when it originally came out and I was super excited to see a remastered edition. Gearbox has done a great job updating the Homeworld Games to modern standards and both games run smooth as butter. The multiplayer is still being worked on at this time, but from What I've tried it works pretty well. Don't listen to all of the trolls complaining about a broken release, they are completely wrong."
76561198073548272,Recommended,244160,14665500,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,"Lcpl. ""Lawrence"" Liru","Before I start I just want to mention that I’m structuring this review for three key groups: people who are looking at Homeworld for the first time, the Homeworld 1 veterans, and the Homworld 2 veterans. Overall, this Remaster does get my thumbs up BUT in its current state there are still PLENTY of problems that need to be addressed (and therefore mentioned). I would also ask that you ignore my “play time” because sadly on my older laptop I have not been able to get Homeworld working properly, but my brother has (for the entire night in a span of about 10 hours) generously let me play on his account.Now, let’s begin…The Homeworld Experience for the new:Homeworld is a 3D RTS type game that is done in real time and on xyz grids that allow full 3D gameplay (in comparison to 2D xy grid games such as Starcraft or Command and Conquer). If you are a fan of RTS games, be it the two games I have mentioned or Sins of a Solar Empire, you should definitely try this game. In this game, you start off with your “mother ship” and resource collectors, and your goal is to mine resources and research new ship types, and then build those ships to make fleets and then blow up your opponent. During this process, your enemy(s) will be doing the same thing, and there are even possible side objectives or challenges that can be undertaken to gain more resources to help further your cause. In the original games, there were already hundreds of different strategies utilized in multiplayer, but with these new side objectives and challenges it allows for even further diversity.Factions are also extremely interesting to note: you have the factions from both original games, Homeworld 1 and 2, merged together in the same multiplayer experience. They are, to my surprise, actually quite balanced in gameplay. The game has really brought out the “rock paper scissors” aspect of what this game was originally about, but now with all 4 of the factions present there is a lot to take in and know what counters what, it can be a bit of a learning curve to memorize it all. This, in turn, adds to the diversity of strategy and player style you will see done by the AI and (especially) other human players.And let’s not forget the campaigns. Two 16 mission journeys that put you through breath taking scenarios, all about a race of Humanoids that must make the journey back to their ancient home (Homeworld 1) and then defend it (Homeworld 2). Each campaign mission isn’t your standard “here you are, go blow up that person” and offer varieties of gameplay, such as in Homeworld 1 there is a mission where you can only use strike craft to complete your objective, or you have three minutes to destroy a massive ship that will ram right into your mothership if it is not taken out. Homeworld 2 offers the same mission diversity, and even gives you unique ships to fight and use throughout the campaign.  On top of that, the research method through both campaigns makes ships limited to specific types as you unlock more and more by progressing through the campaign, which allows players to get used to every single ship type and see their strengths and weaknesses, making the campaign not only fun and interesting, but all in all can be boiled down to a giant tutorial of how every single thing in Homeworld works.On a final note, if you ever get bored with the remastered game, I highly recommend playing Homeworld 1 Classic, it features the original UI and game mechanics such as no unit cap in games that can be very fun to experiment with.Seriously, if you Love RTS or space games and have not picked this title up yet, I seriously recommend you do so. It isn’t perfect, but I assure you that you are not only getting what your money ‘s worth but also are going to really enjoy it!From the eyes of a Homeworld 1 Vet:This section of the review focuses on the negative aspects and what has “survived” from the homeworld 1 game.I think the biggest thing that irks me about the remastered Homeworld 1 is that they moved it to the Homeworld 2 user interface and model. In doing so they had to can a lot of Homeworld 1’s key features that made it stand out from its 2nd game, and now everyone I have talked to who preferred 1 over 2 has agreed with me that Homeworld 1 remastered just seems to be a decently gone mod for Homeworld 2.The following is a list of features that are not in the remastered from Homeworld 1:-Refueling: your strike craft can go anywhere infinitely without being tethered to anything, allowing them to operate in the game independently and much more of a threat to areas such as your resource operation.-Harvesting:  in the first game, your harvesters flew around the asteroid and made them shrink as they collected resources (as well as dust clouds could be harvested). Here in remastered, they must dock with the asteroid to extract resources because of HW2’s-Repair: ships have to dock with other ships to repair them. While this isn’t a change for strike craft, frigates, capital ships, and resource collectors could be repaired at a range in Homeworld 1-The unit cap can’t be turned off in Multiplayer. This takes out a big chunk of what made some of the craziest HW battles that crazy (we’re talking hundreds of strike craft per person duking it out for superiority in a 6 person game)Also, formations are a little annoying, and if you don’t believe me, I want you to go onto Homeworld 1 classic, build 9 ships, and put them into wall formation. You’ll get a nice 3x3 2d wall of the ships in a nice and orderly fashion. Do the same in HW1 remastered and you’ll get this weird cross thing with random gaps, and adding more ships to it just seems to make the cross bigger. Tactics are also screwed up with formations, and ships in specific tactics won’t always behave the same in formations the same ways that you might remember it from the Classic game. There is a new learning curve here (or bugs) that do need some attention whether you like it or not. Ships also have a tendency to partially break formation while moving (especially sphere), and on a small side note, sphere formationing ships and telling them to guard something won’t automatically make them form a sphere around the guarded ship. Again, this creates a small learning curve for the vets.And we will complain about it, but it’s Homeworld, and we will still play it and eventually get used to it.(more on the way)"
76561198067251264,Recommended,244160,14665671,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Zachev,"The Homeworld series is the prime example of a (space) RTS done right. Everything from level of detail on ships, to gameplay, to mod support, and optimization are excellent.Now, I have a terrible gaming setup, a ATI Radeon 4350 graphics card with a AMD Phenom x4 910 processor. For those of you who don't speak computer hardware, this is a low end PC from back in like 2008. A piece of junk. Homeworld 2 ran great on it, and much to my surprise, so does the remastered edition. I have yet to see any serious frame issues despite playing it on a PC that is almost worth more as scrap metal than as a trade in. Granted, this is with most of the graphical settings turned low or off, but this just goes to show that you don't even need a decent computer to run the game.But for those of you who haven't played Homeworld, here’s a little about the remastered edition of the game:Its space RTS involving 4 races with up to 8 players. Each faction gets 4 different classes of units: Fighters, Corvettes, Frigates and Capital Ships with quite a few other utility class units. There are 2 Races from Homeworld 2, and 2 from the original Homeworld. There are significant differences between both generations, which is kind of interesting, especially when you consider the fact that both games are so fundamentally different, that they basically are incompatible with each other without serious modifications. Because of this, the devs, being so considerate of the loyal fan base, even decided to throw in the original ""untouched"" versions of both Homeworld 1 AND Homeworld 2, which is absolutely amazing when you consider the fact that Homeworld 1 is so old that you can't even run it on most systems.All in all, if you are a Homeworld fan, this buy is a no brainer. If you aren't a Homeworld fan, you're getting 2 fully retextured, rebalanced, beautiful and tactical RTS games with their original untouched (and now playable on your PC) versions. This game is a true classic, and I can't wait to see what mods make it to the Steam Workshop!10/10,Why don't you own this game yet?"
,Recommended,244160,14653979,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Königstiger,Just as I remembered it only way prettier. I don't know what else can usefully be said about Homeworld Remastered. I'm guessing that all of us who spent countless hours with these games a decade ago were on board the instant the remasters were announced and today is the glorious conclusion of our long wait. If you're not already a fan of the series but do like RTS then what are you waiting for? These games are legendary and now that they've gotten a facelift they look the part too.
76561197985958867,Recommended,244160,14668001,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Slora,Cause its better than your mom on a bad night out.
76561197970758403,Recommended,244160,14665161,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,FlyingShazbot,"Risen from the ashesHomeworld is a one of a kind RTS. It's in my top 5 of the genre, and now its back with more than just a full on face lift! Solid story, heavy strategic gameplay, beautiful graphics, and a top notch soundtrack. I recommend this to anyone new who is interested in the franchise and seasoned Homeworld players alike."
76561198001369346,Recommended,244160,14664462,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,I_am_weasel,"I think they did a good job on this re-master. I have all of these games and the missing cataclysm game. I bought this off the shelf originally before it became GOTY in 1999. I played this until the game disk broke in a move 5 years ago. It’s my all-time favorite game.  I have been a fan since the first time I played the single player campaign.What makes this special? Why should I buy this RTS? If you like RTS games, and enjoy a challenge this is the game for you.This stands alone in the RTS world for many reasons. The 3D combat is truly 3D unlike other 3d perspective RTS games.  Persistence of units in the single player campaign is another major change to other RTS games that I have never seen. If you lose a unit in one mission it is gone forever. If you build a new ship of any kind it will follow you to the next mission as long as you can keep it alive. I have never seen this in any other RTS game like this. The economy side is a little simplistic but I personally don’t think it detracts from the game.  This is a 16 year old and 11 year old game, but it’s one of the best games I’ve ever played. Well worth the cost.The atmosphere is second to none in the original. I enjoy the story in both, but the story is a little weak in the second game. The re-master is beautiful. I have not had anything bad to say so far.I wish I could give it two thumbs up."
,Recommended,244160,14815384,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Muronelkaz,"Re-playing homeworld 2 felt like it was a challenge, homeworld 1 just felt unfair... Great Universe, can't wait for mods to be updated to remastered.A great RTS"
76561198039417250,Not Recommended,244160,14776579,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Lilith Heart,"Totally dissapointed. All those lovely screenshots, fab videos but for me SHIP TRAILS are not working, completely ruins the game visually. One of the things I always loved about Homeworld was the beauty. No ship trails = No beauty.DON'T BUY UNTIL THEY PATCH / FIX or there's a mod to correct the ship trails bug.Can't believe they released it with this bug !"
,Recommended,244160,14667221,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,SwimmerAlex,"Review re-written:The homeworld 2 remaster is fabulous.The homeworld 1 remaster has some horrendous bugs, which while entirely amusing to a homeworld fan, wouldn't make sense to someone new.Multiplayer, while in beta, does look amazing and has so much potential."
,Recommended,244160,14660211,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Shimmering Sword,"Having finished the included HW1 campaign so far I feel I can put in a good review of this remaster effort.First up getting it out of the way, we all know it but it must be said. The updated visuals are great! Not much more to be said there, the franchise has aged well visually, and now it looks even better.Sound is good, though in some zoomed in situations it can get buggy. I suspect docked fighters may be emitting engine sounds currently, causing quite a racket. Other than that I don't recall any issues.Gameplay is much improved with the HW2 style UI placed into the HW1 campaign. Sometimes the campaign difficulty can be brutal, but at least you won’t find yourself needlessly losing so many ships due to fighting against the interface and AI behavior.The addition of HW2 style end mission resource collection is also going to save you hours of work and fill your pockets between missions. Rather than having to seek out every pocket of resources on a map manually long after your objectives are complete, you can now simply hyperspace jump out and watch all remaining resources auto-deposit into your stores. This combined with smart battle management means you won’t be so dangerously broke all the time.Bugs I've observed in a 9 hour playthrough of the remastered HW1 campaign:-At least 3 times a keypress ('esc' did it one time) has caused my game space to go black. Fixed by saving, then re-loading that save.-Occasionally small objects will confuse AI navigation, either bumping into them, or treating them as large invisible walls. On the last level I had to fly high over a sparse asteroid belt that I don't recall being an obstacle in the original.- I had ONE full game crash that happened at random. not too bad for 9 hours of play on day one.I highly recommend this game to those looking to replay a classic, and those trying it for the first time. The campaigns will throw a lot of curve balls at you, and having to restart a mission, or even loading up from an earlier mission will be necessary at times, but at the core level I think this is an easy RTS to pick up, not to mention the great story."
76561198141830004,Not Recommended,244160,17760662,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Snail Of Prey,"I really thought I'll love this games when I saw the gameplay videos, the tactical options and the gfx. Sadly, I played about 10 hrs of Homeworld 1 remastered now and I am overly disappointed. The controls are the clumsiest ever, the whole game is buggy as hell (hey, try to reassign movent control keys..), and in the campaign I really did not get any feeling of a tactical gameplay. Since formations are broken, since the movement of squads and their behavior is neither well-controllable nor has any intelligent automatism, the whole tactic decisions come down to ""the-more-the-better"". In a battle you are often required to do sort of micromanagement with your fleet of fast-flying, hardly clickable ships, to tell them one-by one that they have to repair another ship, or have to do a special attack etc. Maybe I missed something, didn't play too long, but support-frigates that don't give any support/repair to the dozens of small crafts flying around them, without clicking each single one in action? Formations, the lowest, most basic tactical setting, simply do not work? And Gearbox talked themselves out of doing anything about that? I doubt I will buy any further Gearbox game next future.. Over 20€ for a game I really  dislike because it offers one frustrating moment after another is ways too much."
76561198063144733,Not Recommended,244160,15442029,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,gnometorule,"I write this review from the perspective of someone who did not play the original HW, or its sequel HW2. Negative reviews by old-timers seem to focus on gameplay changes from HW1 due to that Gearbox based both HW1 and HW2 in their remastered versions largely on HW2...but the lack of 'tactics' and such didn't faze me much. I also didn't rate it negatively because of it being released (I had pre-ordered) with some nagging bugs which, among others, meant that I couldn't even get in for a week after a mis-guided patch.My 'thumbs down' is because I much disliked two core game mechanics which go back to HW1, into which I get after one paragraph on what I liked.The game has a lot going for it - it's pretty, the music is nice, and the setting and writing is suitably dark scifi. I enjoyed simply watching resource harvesting; little details like the related animations show that the developers cared about making this look good. When I got to battle, I found the battles engaging and fun as well...but here's:PROBLEM 1:You don't really get to battle. In the game, you receive a spacecraft that can capture opposing spacecraft. And it's very good at it. If you're the optimizing, obsessive type (I am), this means that you build this craft and essentially nothing but this craft (to its limit of 14, but that's plenty), then go capture (almost) the entire opposing fleet. My battles looked as follows: (a) I park spacecraft I already own far away so they don't accidentally as much as shoot at the enemy, and then (b) I go hunting for the incoming ships, which, once captured, I (c) park with the rest of my fleet.That's not very epic...but the following I liked even less -PROBLEM 2:Scaling of the strength of your enemy to your own strength. You carry over your fleet from prior missions. In an early mission (MINOR SPOILER), you enter the mission seeing the enemy attack six giant habitats which hold the rest of your race. I first entered this mission facing, I believe, 4-5 enemy ships, all larger than those you can have at that time. From a roleplaying perspective, it made me sad that I could only save about 2/3 of my remaining race...so I went back, this time diligently using what I describe under Problem 1 to amass a rather large fleet before this mission. I enter feeling good about myself...then see TEN or so big ships hammer away at my habitats, far enough away that, this time, they killed 2/3 of them before I even reached them. In fact, I think I saved 1/6, even though I abandoned the 'capture only' strategy I mention above and both hammered them and captured what I could.That's just stupid. I read in forum posts regarding the original, that the cool winning strategy in the olden days was to completely dismantle your fleet at the end of a mission (you get almost all the money back; and if you captured the ships for free, it's even better), then, as soon as the next mission starts, re-build your fleet.  As the game scales to your strength, you then face puny enemies in each mission - easily captured all, added to your fleet, dismantled with it at the end of the mission, and rebuilt at the start of the next...This completely destroys any kind of immersion. I'm not a fan of scaling-to-your-strength games anyway as that lack of immersion is almost inevitable.A shame."
,Recommended,244160,22351082,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,twobitcoder,"I love Homeworld. Brilliant game. But, HW2 just pisses me off! Especially missions 11 and 12. Fortunately, there's enough enjoyable gameplay in HW1 that I consider it a good purchase anyway. I played the original games over 10 years ago and HW2♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off back then too. I'll just have to look up a walkthrough. Crappy game design. Wonder if the sequel was outsourced because I hate it."
76561198048553056,Recommended,244160,28648097,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,rikuofspade,Been playing RTS forever big fan of C&C but this game takes it to a new level with 3D space take the chance you wont be disappointed!!
76561198289001414,Recommended,244160,31885329,Posted: 21 May,all,Pyropanic,Game had good graphics ui and gameplay 10/10 would play again
76561197989124273,Recommended,244160,14669479,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,True Monolith,"Homeworld is a great game, a great franchise that deserved this great remaster.That being said, you must note that HW1 was basically ported to HW2, so if you are a HW veteran that absolutely despised the HW2 gameplay mechanics, you might find yourself disappointed.For everyone else, including those who never played any Homeworld game, this will be no problem at all - it's mostly a matter of personal taste.Only real downside to the game at this point: The balance.I have played through the HW1 SP campaign so far and I must say that after you get the strongest type of warship available, the game does get too easy.But Gearbox has assured us that balance (esp. in Multiplayer) is not final and will be worked on. (Thus Multiplayer BETA)And if all else fails, there will certainly be mods. HW2 has a very active and ingenious modding community and the remaster has been tendered to offer good mod support.So please don't take this warning as a turnoff, because otherwise, you would be missing out on a great RTS game like no other. Definitive recommendation from me."
,Recommended,244160,14674742,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,iHax,"HW is easily one of my favorite games ever since it came out. Played it as a kid and still played HW1, Cataclysm, and HW2 over and over and would LAN it with my friends.Now with the remastered version I almost cried from just how great the ships look and the backdrops of space and planets look. Everything came out extremely well polished and awesome.If you have never played this game or a fan of the classic versions, definitely pick this up as it is amazing and always will be. Picked up the collectors edition as soon as it hit amazon a year ago and easily got my moneys worth already and more when people start to MOD the game and when multiplayer is finished.Love this game. Ok, back to playing it!"
,Recommended,244160,14661586,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Post-It,"An epic score, three dimensional RTS mechanics that remain unmatched, a superb hard science fiction plot, a great art style, and now with the visuals to match.  It's as good as you remember it being... and that's certainly good enough."
,Recommended,244160,14657594,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,chuiu,"Overall this remaster is great and definitely worth buying if you like RTS games.  I rank it my 2nd favorite RTS of all time behind the original Starcraft and its expansion.  Heres my review of it:The good:The art is amazing.  The remastered textures, sounds, music, and models are all more than I had hoped for.  The new visual effects make the game as impressive today as it was when it was first released (the HW1 graphics were amazing for when it came out in 99).  Playing through the story is as fun and enjoyable as I remember it being.  I'll be spending a lot more time playing this for the next few weeks.  I like how my capital ships stay grouped up and in formation after hyperspacing from one mission to the next, that saves a lot of time setting them up.I haven't gotten around to Homeworld 2's campaign yet, but I doubt I'll be disappointed there.  That game is still easy to pick up and play today as it was 10 years ago.  So the graphical update to it will do little but make everything better.The Bad:While the remaster is great there are many changes from HW1->HWRM.  There are a lot of core changes to gameplay when the game was translated over to the new engine, many of which affected the strength of support craft, fighters, and corvettes in negative ways.  Such as:* Fighter/corvette formations having no effect on their behavior in a fight.  Corvettes don't face their targets when circling, meaning certain types of corvettes only use half of their guns in a fight.  This hurts Kushan the most because of the way their guns are laid out.* Guard works completely differently making it impossible to form defensive corvette walls and fighter balls.* Support craft healing abilities require them to be right next to the craft they are healing, as opposed to a comfortable distance away.  Making them both slower to heal because they have to maneuver into position and less effective because they cannot respond as quickly.  It also means two support frigates cannot heal each other.  They just circle around each other trying to sniff each others butts, like a pair of dogs.* Ships have wierd accuracy issues.  Many times their shots are no where near their targets, even when their target is stationary.* You can only build 2 units at a time.  In the original you could build 2-3 of each unit type simultaneously for a total 10+ units being built at one time (3 fighters, and 2 of each of the other types).  And that isn't even counting a carrier.* Research now costs RU and having multiple research vessels does not let you research multiple technologies at once.  Previously research was free and you could designate either a single or multiple research vessels to either research multiple things at once or one or two things very quickly.* Resource collectors will sometimes completely ignore patches of resources and claim that the map is dry.* Everything is less reponsive.  I think this is due to the engine, but I every click and command was crisp and responsive from the original.  In the new engine everything just feels more floaty.  Kinda like Starcraft 1 -> Starcraft 2 responsiveness.  I don't know why this is so hard to achieve in newer games but its something I've noticed.Because of that, the game plays about 60-70% accurate to the original.The Ugly:Of the new remastered graphics I'm very impressed with the missile effects ... when zoomed in.  When zoomed out they aren't there, and you can barely tell where the missiles are by the small missile pods.  In the original you could clearly see missile trails even when fully zoomed out.  And the ending credits are missing the music from Yes, but I heard that was due to a licensing issue.  If you want to see the original credits in their glory just visit youtube.  I have crashed once, and when getting back in game it completely screwed up my hotkeys in a mission where I really needed them to work from the start.  And finally, you need a ""Shift"" account to play multiplayer.  Its completely pointless to make one because they then force you to link it to your steam account before you can play.  Why couldn't you just use my steam account to begin with?I definitely recommend this game, but if you don't mind old graphics for HW1 you will find the original actually plays much better than the remaster.  As for HW2 its probably a direct upgrade, since this is just a modified HW2 engine the game is running on."
,Recommended,244160,16431077,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,UltraPigBear,"Gearbox remastered my entire childhood.   Upgraded UI, improved graphics, and more reliable netcode for online multiplayer....   Playing this franchise in stunning HD is a dream come true!10/10"
76561198006598803,Not Recommended,244160,15908698,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Gooseman,"I can't recommend the game in it's current state. Sure, it looks pretty but beneath it's rotten to the core.I played the original Homeworld and understand how dated the original UI is. However, I would expect an improvement in a remaster. This is quite simply a giant mess.The UI is clunky and sometimes only lists certain ships you need in sub-menus. There is no master list for all production so you constantly have to shuffle through your build orders.Overall the UI is ugly, poorly implemented and does a bad job of differentiating ship classes. It's a chore.....AI is far inferior to the originals. Mobile refineries often don't work, Tactics have been totally removed.There's plenty of glitches, odd AI behavior and random crashes 6 months in as well...Do yourself a favor and get the originals or play Sins of a Solar Empire.  Maybe they will eventually fix the game but I'm not optimistic."
,Recommended,244160,17168385,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,InfamousNova,♥♥♥♥ yeah i recommend this game. mod support is great
76561198030737272,Recommended,244160,25380464,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Tianran,The space combat game I had dreamed of but never knew existed. Can't recommand enough.
76561198291085109,Recommended,244160,24991200,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,SNK,Excellent games and the remastering is brilliant.
,Recommended,244160,14668206,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Tiger,Add to cart =>  Pay  =>  Enjoy this masterpiece with enhanced graphics and audio.
76561198006738087,Recommended,244160,24548387,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Blue Cloud,Complex 10 is currently at build 4 with public release expected soon   10/10 for being the best foundation post 2.0 patch for the greatest mod this series has ever seen.
,Recommended,244160,22321070,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,2lee,"I wish I'd knew this franchise since the beginning. Of course I've heard about Homeworld just managed to ignore this fantastic game for a long time.+ Old shool RTS with revolutionised 3D map and controls+ the feeling that you are actually in deep space, all alone with your enemies+ graphics+ gameplay+ very interesting story(telling)- useless formations (tried the classics, OMG what a difference, especially HW1)I recommend it to all RTS positive gamers out there!"
76561198061861397,Not Recommended,244160,14772472,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Stubi,"Disclaimer:last 2 day, 3 patches... I hope it's not going to stop and Gearbox fixes the game issues.Summary:Pros:Homeworld 1 Classic runs, which is great.Homeworld 2 as Remastered is great too.Homeworld 1 Remastered eliminates a HW1 limitation: enemy ships target the first ship on sight and do not change target until it destroyed or docked. (and yes, that is all)Cons:Homeworld Cataclysm - where I you? I still miss you and don't give a darn about ""canon"".Homeworld 1 Remasterd is Homeworld 0.8. Too many things on the scewed up/missing list.Starting with the formation, pathfinding, tactics mess, ending with that Remastered misses the iconic words: ""All ships autolaunching.""Gerarbox changed HW1 mid-mission animations in HW1:R. Not about making engine exhausts more glaring, but changing scene and the text.Occasional crashes, 6+ GB memory usage on HW1 Remastered on Mission 14.The long one (TL;DR):Homeworld 1 Remastered screws:- Mission timings, craft speeds, game speed, map sizes as a whole. Game is too fast and far too easy. Starting with time needed for the resource collector to fill up it's internal storage bay. I do not feel even the craft speeds proper...- I had difficulties to use special actions on multiple unit at once in HW1 remastered.- Gearbox altered the between mission animations, sound track, sound effects, noises. And some of the changes simply make no sense, like the Guidestone.- Maximum zoom in and hear the difference of the Taidan fighter craft sound.- This needs checking: but for me it seems that some sounds and effects come from the Cataclysm to the HW1:R.- HW1:R lacks formation & tactics as a whole as other reviewers said. So if Gearbox decided cripple Homeworld 1, why did not they add time compression?- HW1:R UI is an utter disappointment for me. Homeworld Classics runs 1600*900 resolution and UI is far nicer.This is personal: some ships are nicer in the HW1 Classics than the Remastered. And this is valid for some parts of the space.HW2:Would not say too much about it. For me HW2 Classic was an utter disappointment in gameplay, story and found it ""too epic"". Too many things unexplained in the storyline and I'm fed up with referencing recent navy technology to spaceships (torpedo frigate - master degree in lack creativity). And meanwhile there was the Homeworld Cataclysm...Please check the videos on Youtube about HW Cataclysm. See story depth, the grimm and bloody fight against the Beast and I'm pretty sure that you will also find HW2 weightless.(Not to mention that most of the Cataclysm videos are shot on normal difficulty and using 8-10% of the game's strategic and tactical offering.)"
,Recommended,244160,14684458,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,BurntCornFlakes [CDP],"I beat Homeworld Remastered (just the first game) in 13 hours, almost nonstop. The last time I can remember playing a game for so long in one sitting was a year ago.Get it."
,Recommended,244160,14655463,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Bird-made Bread,This game has remained my favorite game of all time after 15 years of playing other titles. The remastered version captures the essence of the original games very well. I masturbated to this game the night before it came out.
,Not Recommended,244160,14849040,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Checkov,this game in its current version may as well  be a beta.  the longevity of games such as homeworld is all in its multiplayer. multiplayer which just does not work.did gearbox remove team from this game in order to work on the next borderlands again?
76561198014681050,Recommended,244160,14690465,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Grendel,"the Perfection in RTS-Gaming is back.simply stunning, beautiful and complex.10/10 - ""all i have ever wished for!"""
76561197969751290,Recommended,244160,14663237,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Tadamir,Sublime.Get it.
76561198086900309,Recommended,244160,21383129,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Izumi Shimomura,"After long months of knocking Hungary and Kushan from the Galaxy, I received the title of ""Sajuuk-Khar"". One of the best strategies in which I played.Спустя долгие месяцы выбивания Вейгров и Кушан из Галактики я получил звание ""Саджук-Кхара"".Одна из лучших стратегий, в которые я играл."
76561197976316985,Recommended,244160,21062826,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,[WZH] PostMortal,"In 1999 I played a game that would forever impress meWhen I opened the box I was presented with a beautiful manual/lore book full of information and background for the game I was playing.It was beautifulThen I loaded the game up.I was stunned by the gorgeousness of the graphicsI marvelled at how times had come along so much that this piece of art was now in my possessionWhen I played the game the intricacies of the strategy and the challenge of keeping your fleet in one piece and seeing it grow, remembering that old ion array frigate in the last mission that you acquired in the third mission, the epic story as you fought for the right to regain your homeworld and I thought it couldn’t get any better.I was wrongA year later Cataclysm was released, a standalone expansion from the original, it used the same engine but it was altered in a way that changed the rules, following a story set 15 years after landfall on the homeworld, you follow a family of miners who uncover a dark secret and a parasitic virus and you must race to stop it. Again it expanded on the visuals, tactics and story, again I thought it could not get better, and again I was wrong…Homeworld 2 was released in 2003, and with it a rewritten engine, stunning visuals that reminded me of the opening scene from revenge of the sith, and a slightly retconned but no less epic story.100 years after reclaiming your homeworld, the old enemy have arisen under a new leader. Using the artefact of an ancient super powerful hyperspace engine, But you have one too, and there are legends of a third. To reclaim your homeworld once again, you must liberate the second core, find the third and unite the cores to end the threat once and for all.Can it get better?Yes, Homeworld remastered is all of these games (with the exception of cataclysm, which I hope they add at some point) with updated engines and even better stunning hi definition visuals. It’s an epic experience. If you have played the original and loved them, buy it. If you’re a fan of epic sci fi, buy it. If you like strategy games, buy it.Just buy it, go on click add to cart and put your money where it belongs."
,Recommended,244160,14664216,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Grifta,"Do you know when you go back to play a really good old game, only to discover that it didn't age well and it's kind of 'meh'?This is the complete opposite of that."
,Not Recommended,244160,14875700,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,enollor,I would give this game a positive review but I just cant. The controls absolutely suck. The camera is just horse♥♥♥♥♥♥ Excellent story line and sound effects and music and visuals but the camera just makes this game not worth ever purchasing or playing.
76561198079899301,Recommended,244160,19521673,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Venomlord,"Much a great game/games, if you like space and RTS' this is heaven"
76561197978981761,Recommended,244160,14651310,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Kumbassa,It looks good in 4kThanks for the Remaster GB.
,Recommended,244160,15691222,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Kenzi,Can't beat the third mission in the remastered version. Nuclear AI difficulty. 10/10 would get mad and end my life again.
76561198024623298,Recommended,244160,19415246,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,clownman2365,great classic game.  i love the 4 d enviroment and how it forces you to move your ships like they was in space.   the story line is great as well as the graphics.
76561198071397459,Not Recommended,244160,24291519,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Xena95,"DO NOT PURCHASE THIS GAME!!The ""Homeworld Remastered Collection"" was once a great game enjoyed by many, but after recent updates provided by the developers at ""Gearbox Software"" and enforced by ""Steam"" the game has become dysfunctional.At the time purchase this product was of an acceptable standard and retained the original value, gameplay and mechanics of the Homeworld series, however after the latest update I find the game to be completely unplayable as it has ruined my gaming experience.Further more the developers at ""Gearbox Software"" refuse to offer any support in relation to this matter, simply dismissing any requests or tickets by responding with a standard template stating ""We'll make sure to pass your feelings along to the team so that they are aware!""The code that went into recent updates was sloppy and mangled in an undesirable fashion to make the game more appealing to current non-existent users as an attempt to maximize profit.For classic Homeworld enthusiasts the developers even went as far as to change several core mechanics of the game, you can't even Research Level 2 upgrades with ""Hiigaran"" races any more, in affect making the ""Advanced Research Module"" completely useless.The Developers went beyond a ""Remastering"" when they started interfering with the core mechanics and gameplay.It's a mess with several performance and gameplay issues, a poorly scaled UI and multiple crashes.From a gamers point of view the developers have ruined a great game that I paid good money for.From a programmers point of view they.. Completely used up all the bug spay and broke the swatter (use your imagination).For those of you that have heard of ""Homeworld Deserts of Kharak"" don't be fooled this is not Homeworld 3, this is simply yet another failure by ""Gearbox software""I do not recommend buying any games from ""Gearbox Software""Don't waste your money on this purchase, it will only bring you disappointment and frustration!"
76561197971857790,Recommended,244160,14652238,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Valegorn,"SO PRETTY!!!!!!I feel 15 again, I half expect to hear my mother call out ""GET OFF THAT DARN COMPUTER"",""JUST A LITTLE LONGER MA""10/10"
76561198071273354,Recommended,244160,14652427,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Selecus Nicator,A brilliant rendition of the Homeworld games
76561197960732379,Recommended,244160,14651279,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,mgaNick-,When reading some Reviews here u have to ask yourself if mankind is doomed when some people obviously cant even use a Launcher and claim there is no Champain . 10/10 would buy and laugh at such ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.
76561197963973496,Recommended,244160,25589294,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,[GA] Doops,wow.. what took me so long to get this?
,Recommended,244160,14721627,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Delaruuk,"One of the best remaster's Gearbox has made. It's beatiful graphics are breathless especially coming from a 15 year old game which back then had 16-Bit pologon graphics form to make 3D models. It's audio remade into something that you would hear nowadays on most AAA games. The soundtrack is well remade and nostalgic for veterans like me and most of the other dedicated fans and players of this franchise. The story is well told and it's lore interesting and it's antagonists really likable to go up against.There are bugs like any other game and some odd design choices which can put off some gamers. It's diffiult to control at first but you'll get the hang of it after a few plays. The A.I. is pretty smart and clever and will be a challenge for players especially in campaign. The strategies and tips used from the classics unfortunatle are obsolete in the remastered so the missions are to be unexpected as we still don't understand how the game can be played in the players favor: where in the classics there was an exploit which used right would give the player great advantage over the A.I. in the campaign. A lot of the veterans complain saying its rather dissappointing and buggy and not worked out. I beg to differ. It's a really good rts game even if its buggy at it's release and realistically speaking almost every game thats released has bugs and complications upon release but it's not so bad as other games released recently by big name companies. In due time hoipefully things will get patched up and mods worked on and created to where this game is even MORE enjoyable.Pros-Amazing graphics-Great audio remake-Aamazing OST-Story-A.I.-Interesting factions to play-Mods-CommunityCons--Formations broken-Damges done to certain crafts especially frigates bug out and become shooting dummies-Tactics broken-Some minor visual glitches here and there from time to time-Crashes after hours of continous gameplay-Pop cap(Is that really necessary to have especially since modern machines are powerful enough to hold massive fleets.)-Multiplayer in BetaOverall this is a wonderful masterpiece from an underrated game. Highly recommend this to anyone interested in space battles,rts's,tactics etc. or anyone starting out with rts games. For those new to the franchise or never heard of it. They also included the classic first to games to play on as well to compare and try out as well and it's also for the veterans who lost their copy(like me :( ) as getting ahold of a physical copy of this game is like a needle in a haystack nowadays so why hassle your time in finding a physical copy of the older two games when it's included in this digital bundle.9/10P.S.-It's a shame that Cataclysm can't be remastered(source code is missing and is unable to be found) as that was a good game as well that was part of the Homeworld franchise and that too is difficult to get ahold of a physical copy."
,Not Recommended,244160,16509195,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,hutchinson82,"The game is good but I am unable to stream this to my laptop due to the ""green screen"" bug."
,Recommended,244160,23441904,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,IloveCheekiBreeki,Love this game just alot of glitches and bugs. I cant play remastered though.
,Recommended,244160,14663147,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,非理法權萌,"I used to play with 2 homes in about 2007, play is piracy. At that time China mainland buy genuine game is very difficult, thanks to STEAM let me have the channel to buy genuine to support game manufacturers, to respect the fruits of their labor.（我以前玩家园2是在2007年左右，玩的是盗版。当时中国大陆地区购买正版游戏是非常困难的，感谢STEAM让我有渠道购买正版来支持游戏制造商，尊重他们的劳动成果。）This game is currently I contacted RTS let my very favorite game, even if the reset, the game's campaign or not difficult to tune, when because of bad customs I give up, but I still think it is worth buying game.（这个游戏是目前我接触过RTS中让我非常喜爱的一款游戏，即使重置了，这个游戏的战役关还是没法调难度，小时候因为不好通关我放弃了，不过我依然认为这是非常值得购买的游戏。）"
,Not Recommended,244160,14737251,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,snuficial,"--- I haven't played HW2R yet so my ""not recommended"" only refers to HW1R. ---I'm only at Mission 5 and I already encountered numerous game breaking bugs.- Screen goes black when a cutscene should start/end. (6 times)- Destroy the carrier -> carrier explodes -> 2 seconds later mission failed -> another 2 seconds later ""we successfully destroyed the carrier....blah"" in the background -> load savegame or quit .... happend twice .... 3rd time worked....- Screen suddenly goes black during normal gameplay (still sound and radio messages when you click somewhere, but stays black no matter what you do-> taskmanager -> kill)- Mission objective completed ... nothing happens ... just goes on forever -> load savegame- Ships don't take commands anymore (especially ressource controller)- Arrival of Bentusi mothership screws up the game -> load savegame or stare at the mothership and wait for something to happen for a few hoursSeems like I have to play every fight at least twice to ""succeed"" ... very annoying.In addition .... like many other reviewers already mentioned.... formations for fighters hardly make sense + some were removed + they removed fuel and they changed projectiles in a bad way ... I hope the game gets fixed and many great mods.As a fan of the original HW1 and after many positive reviews I'm quite disappointed and can't recommend HW1R it in its current state.HW2R may be better, but I'm not in the mood for giving it a try right now. But even if it turned out to be great ... it's still only half of the package, so my verdict would still be ""not recommended"""
76561198065656911,Recommended,244160,16740588,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Frogurt97,"Brilliant game. Im about 12-13 of 15 missions into the first game and it is brilliant. Its not like those games where theyre good but you want it to end and so ya look up how many missions there are. Nope not why i know.Mega fun, highly rewarding when you capture enemy ships and one of the funnest games ive played in a while. The levels seem quite unique with interesting concepts you encounter.I bought the game on sale for £10 though i do not think i would feel hard done by if i paid £26.99 asking price.I have yet to play skirmish/multiplayer mode though for me the single player is where its at.Ok CYA!UPDATE: Finished HW1 and it is a brilliant story. Almost finished HW2 and in the beginning you may find the new ships (doing what other ships did previously in a silightly different way annoying) though they become good though you will be unlikely to be bothered to capture anything in HW2 unless stated by the story. This is mainly because the AI (your ships) will fire upon ships you are trying to capture and so destroy them before you have a chance. Also capturing is slow in HW2.The storyline of HW2 is good as with the first game though HW1 had more depth though HW2 is still enjoyable though more about exploration rather than survival.You will probrably get between 25 to 30 hours out of the single player of this game (which is very enjoyable and has time fly, if you like the space genre.).The 4x aspect of the game gives extra gameplay choices though is not overly necessary to be used against AI as most missions are fairly linear in terms of design.--------------------------------------*SPOILERS*------------------------------------------Also HW2 seems to have faster dying ships than HW1, it may just be me, though in HW2 frigates are easily destroyed and is more foucused on destroyers and bigger where as in HW1 i had frigates as the back bone to my fleet throughout most of the game with much less frequent casualties.Another gameplay aspect change is autocollection at the end of HW2 missions all resources on map are collected though this makes the resource collectors seem a bit useless unless in emergencies as they are subject to attack and you can get the resources anyway at the end of the mission. Also fighters are sold in squadrons rahter than single units which is fine though gives less flexibility as before you could have 70 fighters/bombers and in HW2 you can have 14 squadrons. Because of this you are less able to have multiple attack groups of fighters.Overall very good games, though there are a few differences between 1 & 2 remastered which become apparent when starting homeworld 2."
,Recommended,244160,26053068,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Dagi,Its just as I did remember it!
76561198181217286,Not Recommended,244160,23532542,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,upbeatblackops,the classic two doesn't work
76561198019395051,Not Recommended,244160,24120822,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Fluffy,"This is a game that I really really want to like. I love strategy and have played strategy games for well over a decade, both old and new. I love titles such as Sins of a Solar Empire, Command and Conquer (EA is teh debil) and Age of Empires. This game has a very clunky feeling control scheme that I cannot seem to get past, I don't believe I've ever really played this game more than a couple hours, I have a bad habit of clicking on it, seeing the launcher pop up and forgetting about it. I simply cannot get excited about this game. I have only played one skirmish to completion and despite the honestly, very interesting story, I can't bear to keep progressing past the first mission. I feel this game is something that old fans will enjoy, but for those of us who have never experienced Homeworld before it may be something you pass on until you see a -75% off sale."
76561197998573742,Recommended,244160,15305189,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Nephtys,"Firstly as a big fan of the original homeworld games, I admit I had high hopes for this 'remaster', it was sold on the premise that we'd be getting the original games brought up to date. Which is only half true.In the case of HW2 they delivered, the game plays just like the original, and looks amazing. The game is exactly as expected, so I have no complaints there at all.However, this is not the case with the remastered version of HW1 at all. What we got was a rather ill conceived and poorly implemented port of the HW1 game into the HW2 engine. The only reasons for this that I can see, are so they can put races from both games into the same multiplayer matches. ( Something nobody asked for, and which has now broken the HW1 remastered version. )So in conclusion, I am going to recommend this game on the merits of the HW2 remaster, but stress that if HW1 was your favourite of the two then you are going to be sorely disappointed."
,Recommended,244160,16067593,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Coronaxe,"This game is a remaster how you expect it; looking back at the first time I played Homeworld 2, and now coming back to revisit the great story, the great combat and now the even greater visuals is just impossible to put into words.I love how Gearbox treated this game, that you can feel the love, that was given to this series. How they combined the best about the UI of HW2 and added the HW1 campaign and races finally made it possible for me to experience the story of HW1, without having to battle with the controls.Of course you cannot leave out the multiplayer, which was established almost perfectly in my opinion.I also really appreciate the fact, that there's a Steam Workshop for this game, adding further value to it.So the message is clear, if you loved Homeworld 2, you'll absolutely adore this game, if you like strategy games, but never played Homeworld; pick it up, it's worth every penny!"
,Recommended,244160,14659761,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Mangala,So glorious.So memorable.All the hours I spent on the originals years back and I get to do it again just prettier.
76561198006666299,Not Recommended,244160,24280719,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,dota_chat_mute_all,"Short: it dose not start, for me its a gamebreaker.I loved the original Homeworld, absolutly loved HW Cataclysm, which brought me in to drawing, had some good moments with HW2. As it stands you can't relive good moments live them and return this product if you bought itI dont support broken products.Issue: starts, than after 5 sec crashes without producing an error log.Win 10i7-479016gb ramSSD 850"
76561198078222370,Recommended,244160,17703403,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Drunkspider,I played both of these games as a kid and loved them for their good space combat and still love them.
,Not Recommended,244160,24503332,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Saturn,This is Homeworld 2.Homeworld 1 ships do not dodge Cap ship rounds.Cap ship rounds chew up fighters like popcorn.There is no multiplayer for Homeworld 1 on the classic Collision Physics based engine.Clarification: This is the Homeworld 2 engine with Homeworld 1 and Homeworld 2 assets.Homeworld 1 only exists in this collection as a single player classic mode and you may as well play the free linux port instead if you want Homeworld 1 multiplayer because this doesn't even have classic lan.
,Recommended,244160,17190311,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,PhoenixBorn,"StoryHomeworld is a masterpiece. The stories still give me the chills years after playing them for the first time, particularly Homeworld 1. The voice acting was updated, along with sound effects which add to the updated 3D models of the game. These updates give the feeling of actually controlling a fleet in space, which adds to the atmosphere of this beautiful game.GameplayThe gameplay was unique when it was first released, and it is still one of the few games to do 3D RTS correctly. AI is great as well, and makes for a challenging experience. The 2.0 patch released in June 2015 changed the game for the better, making it so that formations were viable and usable across all races that you control. Gearbox has worked long and hard to alter the Homeworld 2 engine function in a way which Homeworld 1 and Homeworld 2 units could compete with each other.Bottom lineI recommend this game series for anyone who enjoys a great space opera narratives, as well as any Science Fiction fan. Real Time Strategy gamers will also find something here that doesn't exist in most RTS titles."
,Recommended,244160,18214442,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Kronpas,"Its rare to find a dev like Gearbox who is truly passionate about a game as much as its players. Homeworld remastered is almost everything Kushan/Hiigaran  who were present on the banana-shaped mothership during the homecoming journey and along with fellow Shajuk followers shed their blood to defend their Homeworld, a decade ago, wanted, save for perhaps the multiplayer crowd. But I'm not into multiplayer so this is $25 well spent, despite only 20 hours in game.Pros: old homeworlds upgraded to their proper HD glory.Cons: the original narator voice actor are no longer here with us, and Homeworld 1 game play was changed quite a bit to accommodate to HW2's engine (which applies to both games)."
76561198021417927,Recommended,244160,17516850,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,71st_AH_J13Serenity,"The only version of homeworld I ve played so far in this homeworld remastered collection was the Classic homeworld (not remastered).This game is one of the best I ve ever played.Even now, after almost 15 years it feels amazing and looks great. Story, gameplay, music...Homeworld 2 is good too, but the Old Homeworld is brilliant!The remastered portion of this game is also not bad, especially second part.Its not the same as original, and some changes to game mechanic and unit balancing\beheviour had beed done, but it only makes it better because it plays almost like a new different game."
76561197970429265,Recommended,244160,14657115,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Renatus,I cannot recommend these games enough.To be able to play my favourite game again with a new coat of paint is simply marvellous. The story (especially of HW1) is fantastic and the sounds and visuals are breathtaking.
,Recommended,244160,14673231,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,HK DP M99,BEST GAME FOREVER !! I can't tell you but just play this game and you will love it !!!!เกมระดับตำนานที่สุดและเป็นเกมที่เอามา remake ได้สวยมากๆ !!เล่นมันซะ เสพเนื้อเรื่องอันสุดยอด ความโดดเดี่ยว ความตายลอยไปอยู่ทุกที่ความโหดระดับโครตโหด
76561198203258027,Recommended,244160,27860563,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,big boy Lamar,Great game. If you like space rts games you will like this
,Not Recommended,244160,24129580,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,MASTER___WILL,"I tried playing Homeworld 2 Remastered and i started up the tutorial but all i got was a black screen. Then I tried regular Homeworld 2 and the graphics are so much worse, and i couldnt even set the resolution correct because it centered it wrong."
,Recommended,244160,29544011,Posted: 28 January,all,Idesmi,A masterpiece
,Recommended,244160,27599739,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Medic,Kinda like Red Alert 2. In space. With Spaceships. Space. They Should put DOTA 2 in Space.
76561197980801280,Not Recommended,244160,17164030,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Heathen92,"The remaster for HW1 is absolutely gorgeous. Unfortunately in so doing they gutted the deep AI system for the strike craft.  So one of the most engaging aspects of the original game is gone and it makes the early missions where you more or less rely on strike craft tedious.  I'm disappointed with the port on a lot of levels, but then I remember it's from Gearbox so I'm sure this means that Borderlands 3 will be better off.I was on the fence on whether to vote yes or no on this considering the original games are ported in their unaltered form.  I'd recommend getting it on sale just to experience the classics (so long as you don't mind the graphics or the UI being a little rough.)  Otherwise I'd say no, give this one a pass."
,Not Recommended,244160,16120873,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Papa John,really really frustrated with this game! tried playing the remastered and all the ships are invisible! you can select them but you can't see them! same with homeworld 2 remastered. don't waste your time on this game!
,Recommended,244160,14654909,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Ingroh,"I cant believe this is actually happeningEverything is here, beautiful as ever, perfect in every way, i dont have any other words than : PLAY IT!10/10 the game Sins of a Solar Empire always dreamed to be"
76561198135186293,Not Recommended,244160,14665010,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,sakya_tg,"I consider the original Homeworld the best game I ever played.This remastered edition looks and sounds really good but the gameplay is ""broken"".Formations and tactics don't work fine!"
76561197985351534,Recommended,244160,14682867,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,DeadlyCheerio,"Where to start... This game sets the standard in epicness. I remember playing as a kid with no grasp on strats, id just load up skirmish and get lost at this game's scale. I usually don't review games (chiche... i know) but u owe it to mankind to add this masterpiece in your collection."
76561197984996605,Recommended,244160,14683003,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Ravon[17],"Once the modder go full blaster with this, we are looking at the best Fleet game ever!"
76561197974744056,Not Recommended,244160,14784760,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,[PAX]Tool,W32/FakeAlert.FY.gen!EldoradoThis file shows up when I try to install.
76561197974879445,Recommended,244160,14659942,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,[DOLT]Braidedheadman,"One of my all-time favorite RTS games plays just how I remember it used to! A real gem back in its day, the ""Classic"" game manged to age exceptionally well and still looks good. But now that it graphics have  been improved and brought up to modern graphics standards, complete with UI optimizations that reduce screen clutter; one's view of Homeworld's epic space battles as they unfold is unfettered and rendered in sharp and breathtaking detail. It's absolutely gorgeous to behold and there hasn't been an RTS game to match its theme and style in 16 years! If you're an RTS fan and you haven't had a chance to give this title a shot in the past, you owe it to yourself to pick this legendary title up now! This old gem has been brought to a high and lustrous polish!"
,Not Recommended,244160,17214082,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,RVIV,"if you know and like the original, proabably great. otherwise...you'll have no idea what is going on or how to control units. bring on the hate."
76561198039323643,Recommended,244160,17180237,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Sea Pancake,"Awesome space combat which uses more than just two dimensions. More importantly, it seems to be a top-notch remastering."
76561198040785689,Recommended,244160,14671967,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,CorgiAnarchy,">Be middle of skirmish>Resource Collectors bouncing off of Asteroids>Being overrun by opposition>Backed into interstellar corner>All RU into single Battlecruiser>Name it ""The Prodigy"">Opposition wants to hold its ****>Can't handle it>The Prodigy saves my people>Suddenly enemy Marine Frigate appears>The Prodigy is amused>Frigate attaches to The Prodigy>Takes it over>Whatthe****isthis****.gif>MFW The Prodigy is renamed to ""Gotcha *****"">MRW Gotcha ***** shoots down my Mothership and its people10/10 Would get screwed again."
76561198213813956,Recommended,244160,14682947,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,daghda124,"super fun, remastered looks great too. definatly a classic"
76561198109819638,Recommended,244160,33179241,Posted: 3 July,all,V S P R,"If you're in to true RTS games, this game is a must play."
76561197970963302,Not Recommended,244160,14680882,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Washout,"As it stands now then HW1 remastered is a travesty when compaired to the original, It looks stunning but it have sacrificed to many of the things that made the game great.Your units fail to follow orders more often then not.If you are getting these games, then consider playing the original versions before starting on the remarsted.The original are better gameplay vice"
,Not Recommended,244160,14693251,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Astrolis,"not remastered just a skin job. not worth the $34.99, not even worth $10. Game still crashes and has exact same bugs and glitches original has."
,Not Recommended,244160,14701976,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Shaz Bot,"Honestly I was excited for this game, but it isn't as fun as you'd think. Played it back in 1999 or 2000 - heck it was the whole reason I bought a PC for gaming. But despite the new paint job on units and the skybox ... the game hasn't held up well in terms of level design or controls, and the remastering has possibly made the UI worse."
76561198030242426,Not Recommended,244160,14720872,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Ike Jager,"(Disclaimer: This is for those who played and loved the very first Homeworld)Update; Now there is this ""General Failure"" crash plaguing the remastered that prevents mods and half the vanilla game. Did some digging and this crash has been happening for almost a year with no sign of a patch..... Still a buggy mess...I love the Homeworld series. It is beautiful in story and visuals, and fantastic gameplay and mechanics in the classics.(Homeworld 1 RM review)In short:I was fanboying over the visuals and sound and was having fun until I encounted more and more bugs and poor design decisions. I got too disappointed with the quality of the game as a whole to continue playing. It is Gearbox trying to mash Homeworld 1 into Homeworld 2's engine and failed, and feels rushed.In long:Homeworld RM is a HUGE upgrade in visuals and quality (stupid sexy Taiidan Heavy Cruiser)Sounds are cleaned up and sounds so much clearer and textures are great in HD (again Taidan Heavy Cruiser, I can't get over it!). UI was also updated and now a little bit more user friendly, no longer do you need to go to a WHOLE other screen for research, construction and hanger.However, it is not without its bugs, and there are lots of bugs and poor design decisions.Formations and Stances do not work as intended (I.E. Sphere formation do not surround targets, strike craft just break formations rendering formations useless. Stances do not give appropriate buffs like increased speed for evasive and increased fire power for aggressive.)Some units are unnecessarily changed (I.E repair units must now ""Dock"" with their targets to repair instead of repairing from a range.)Unit A.I. isn't all that good (I.E. strike craft tend to crash into asteroids and other objects in some missions)Units lifespan seems to be significantly shortened (I.E. A whole strike group of frigates won't last five minutes against a single heavy cruiser, same for strike strike craft to frigates. Rendering smaller ships hard to use or even worth using)Sound bugs (I.E. strike craft engines won't disappear if you hear them while docking)First experience with Homeworld with steam workshop mod support and sound just ceased to exist and gameplay was barely playable.And the most game breaking bug is RANDOM DESKTOP CRASHESit seems that Gearbox was trying to mash Homeworld 1 and 2 together when them both use very different mechanics and really messed up Homeworld 1 RM. Homeworld 1 IS NOT homeworld 2.I understand this is still new and update are incoming but for right now and my opinion is subject to change to updates. Until the game is more polished up and bugs ironed out, I just can't recommend this remaster in its current state. I still perfer to play the CD versions because it is much more stable. Even though this is just Homeworld 1 RM review, it is still half the package."
,Recommended,244160,17179651,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,DL,Was a fantastic game and franchise over ten years ago that never left my mind. I had been disappointed for years by the seemingly endless licensing hell the IP had fallen into  and was one of the people ecstatic by the idea that Blackbird would be carrying the torch with the Shipbreakers IP. Then when Gearbox accuired the HW IP and began working with blackbird all my christmases came at once.The remastered edition is all that the original games were with better graphics. They have tweaked some gameplay elements (some for the worse) but overall it is a very tight and beautiful package that captures much of the magic of the original game. The depth of the gameplay is somewhat lacking by todays standards while still true to the original but this being a remaster that cannot be considered a fault.Mod support and the all but promise of a Homeworld 3 if this remaster did well made this purchase a no-brainer. I look forward to many more years of enjoyment with this IP which captured my imagination and love of Sci-Fi when I was young.
,Recommended,244160,14664989,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,riky rice,The only strategy  game that i actually enjoyed and still enjoy after a decade
,Recommended,244160,14665141,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,BlkNova,One of my all time favorites.  The Remaster adding nothing but positive and didn't take anything away from the original magical gameplay formula.  Enjoy
76561198006867213,Recommended,244160,14665231,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,bionutter,So good it almost allows me to forgive Gearbox for Aliens: Colonial Marines........ almost.10/10
,Recommended,244160,14655711,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Derme,"I have not been excited for a video game release for quite some time, but when this was announced I was excited.When I played the original Homeworld in 1999 I loved it, even though I could never get past the 6th mission at the time, it’s a game that’s stuck with me for a long time.This game with the new engine is simply stunning. The visuals are incredible, the cut scenes are re-mastered and the sound quality is excellent.Finally Homeworld still has one of the best stories ever delivered in a RTS, it’s hard to describe it without spoilers so I won’t, but I can’t think of another RTS that does the story aspect this well.An interstellar achievement of a game, thank you Gearbox for bringing it back."
,Recommended,244160,14656070,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,TheBleachDoctor,"Despite some technical problems I've encountered, these games are amazing! I just love the new graphic improvements, and the AI is so much more challenging to fight!Really, the Remasterd versions are better in almost every way, although the HUD is a bit harder to use, and some HW1 mechanics did not survive the transition.I would suggest this game to anyone. Stunning story (for HW1 at least), stunning graphics, amazing gameplay, and best of all, not very hardware intensive!"
76561197997240252,Recommended,244160,14658027,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,[13] Brumby,A true remake. A labour of love. You can smell the sweat that the programmers and artists put into this game. Its fantastic value. Each campaign is at least 15+ hours. It looks great.
76561197961517049,Not Recommended,244160,15164290,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,The_Rapt0R,"Event though they have fixed some of the deal breaking issues, it's still far from a great game. I loved the originals for their gameplay, their different mission types and the (then awesome) graphics. Just a few updated textures, perhaps some new triangles, but still, this feels very old. for the price of 28 EUR, I'd have expected way more improvements. I wouldn't buy this again."
76561197970069416,Not Recommended,244160,15246329,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,savage2510,graphics are good gameplay is good....over priced for a trip down memory lane when there are plenty of user and community made hi res patches and mods
76561197963977988,Recommended,244160,14662727,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,MrSerious,Its' Homeworld 1 and 2. But with modern graphics. Awww jeah. What's not to like?
,Recommended,244160,14663629,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,harbichidian,"It's the same Homeworld from 1999/2003, with a raft of quality-of-life changes, updated graphics, and cleaner audio. Homeworld is a good game with a particular style, and you have to accept the quirks of the style or they can get compoundingly frustrating."
,Recommended,244160,14664845,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Bandebear,Amazing.
,Recommended,244160,14664923,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,~Not Britney~,"Homeworld 2 absorbed my time for quite a while, and I regretted not having beat Homeworld 1, but the game was just too old and felt too clunky to hold my interest.So I bought this. Honestly this is hands down the best 'remaster' of any game I've ever played. It feels like it was developed this year, the visuals are crispy, the controls are improved as well as the interface.And this game has not changed. The story is still amazing. The music is still haunting. It will still kick your butt. This isn't your classic 'turtle and hoard' RTS. You're going to lose a few missions. You're going to have to adapt your strategies. In other words, its Real Time, clench your cheeks and make with the Strategy.I would recommend this to anyone who likes the genre, and to anyone looking to try the genre."
,Recommended,244160,14665110,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,DroZzhat,"I've been playing Homeworld since the original came out forever ago.  This edition is a nice upgrade.It has bugs to iron out, but that's to be expected for any release, I suppose."
76561198060941734,Recommended,244160,14666983,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,チゼイ~,"15 Year has passed.64mb sized USB stick - now can store 1 Terrabyte for the same sizeand still there were not a single space rts games done everything right as Homeworldeven after those many years passedThe Music, The Story, and most importantly the Visual.There not a single Space RTS games that potray can Dynamic of space combat like Homeworld serriesI repeat - There is NONEPlay and see how They make those combat works, using 15 years old Game Engineand still eclipsed all the newer game in the genre by long margin for more than a decade"
76561197975522028,Recommended,244160,14665142,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,MurderinGangsta,"It's hard to be objective about this game, 16 years ago it was the ultimate space porn, a superbly directed deeply involving journey accross the stars, having played through Homeworld 1 and 2 as well as the excellent branch off in betwwen Homeworld:Cataclysm it is safe to say i have a soft spot. Although I am only a few missions into the campaign of Homeworld remastered, sat here on my 40 inch with my surround sound headphones the experience is as powerful as i remember and more, the graphical improvements are obvious and frankly this game being remastered is just wish fulfilment.To be very concise, if you like RTS and you like Space, buy this game, even if you only like space, this should be your one RTS, it's the ultimate space porn.Edit: Ok I finished 1 and every mission except the last on Home world 2 cos its ♥♥♥♥ing hard as ♥♥♥♥, LOVE LOVE LOVE this game so much, please make another Homeworld, or use the UI style for another space epic, if you have not bought this game yet WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU WAITING FOR!?"
,Recommended,244160,14666529,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Cableless,The Homeworld series has been my favorite timesink since it arrived many years ago.   This remastered version is everything that I hoped and demonstrates that this genre is still seriously fun.
76561197989894301,Recommended,244160,14656195,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Warchild,"The homeworld Remasterd collection is without a doubt an amazing piece of work.All the controls are the same (if you can remember back that far, 15 years IS a long time).The graphics, which were amazing 15 years ago, are even better in this remastered version. Even the cut-scenes have been updated and even look better. Everything has been completely updated including the sounds.Some things were added to the game, such as fleet grouping controls.For example:Selecting 10 vessels and groupling them as fleet 1 then selecting 5 of those vessles and making them group 2, all vessels in the fleet remain group one as well as the 5 that are also group 2.This was something that wasn't included in the original Homeworld when it first came out...at least as far as I can remember...lol...it has been 15 years.Gearbox also updated the play screen with fleet info, mission recall data, and que update that was included in (the lost homeworld game) Cataclysm as well as Homeworld 2. So some helpful bits have been added to make the game what it should have been 15 years ago, but Gearbox hasn't altered the game away from what it was, which was awesome in its own state.Even the tutorials are still helpful in playing the game. Even if you've never heard of the game and decided to buy it, playing a tutorial in homeworld will definitely give you all the info needed for basic game play. This also trickles into Homeworld 2 as they have the same controls ;-).As far as I can tell, everything that was part of the original is included in the remastered version. Since I haven't played through completely, I can't tell if the original song The Ladder- by YES was included as the end song. Its a little over 9 minutes long I think LOL, so you can't miss it.All in all, the game remains one the THE BEST RTS games in the genre. Definitely a must have...especially since the original PC game has a very good chance of not working on the newer and faster PC's, not to mention with the updated graphics cards.I've only seen a handful of games that have been remastered, but only a couple of this age. Gearbox has definitely done a great job with The Homeworld Remastered Collection.Definitely buy this game."
,Recommended,244160,14660131,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Coverwatch,"If you had a tear blinking in your eye when you heard the theme music after 16 years, welcome friend, this remaster will give everything you need to bring back old memories, in HD!Homeworld had redefined the RTS games 16 years ago with its unique 3D space view where you could command your fleet not only horizontally but vertically. Since there is no terrain here, strategies are diverse, entrapping the enemy fleet in a crescent shaped formation was never more satisfactory.Combining the original beautiful story with immense graphics after 16 years, Homeworld Remastered Collection is definitely a must buy for both the old gamers who will re-enjoy everyhing in a more eye-appeasing manner but also for the people who have never heard of it, for this is the game coming from the best times of PC strategy gaming, where story and gameplay elements were put forward than hollow graphics. Good point is, now you can have both!Only downside of this collection is that it does not contain another classic; Homeworld Cataclysm. I would really like to go through the story of mere miners of Kuun-Lan against the vile Beast, but seems like the source code of the game was lost when Barking Dog Studios hit the dust.Overall, this collection is a must buy for all RTS lovers and ""dinosaur"" players who have lived to see when this game rose for the first time.""The Mothership standing by"""
,Recommended,244160,14664830,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Blind Side,"alright, before I begin I want to point out that I played the originals a long time ago. So when This came out, I went on a nostalgia trip. But, I will try my best to be fair in this.First off, They have done an amazing job with the graphical updates. the game is beautiful. The controls are all the same as before, the general system of doing things is the same and that's awesome. My main problem with this is something that was in the originals as well. In the matches, your opponent can infinitely go up or down. with a movement system that they have, that makes pursueing them a hassle.The actual combat is very satisfying, however. when a missile impacts your battlecruiser, there's an actual hole where it hit. so as the battles progress, your ships that have been around for a long time look increasingly battered and bruised. That's a very nice touch.At the end of it, I would definitely recommend this.-----------------Oh, I almost forgot. This has a launcher that allows you to play the classic version of both games. That is a seriously nice touch."
,Recommended,244160,16583647,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Sokratesz,"""Breach in starboard fusion chamber. Guidance failure, we are losing control""This is why I play video games :)"
,Not Recommended,244160,14685786,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Carnagath,"Impressively broken.Resource collectors get stuck in thin air doing nothing while there are resources on the map. In the original I never had to worry about them, they would mine out the map. Here I have to babysit them constantly and spam the Harvest command every 2 minutes or they will get stuck. Also if you blow up an enemy capital ship they leave behind debris that can be collected, and that routine is COMPLETELY broken, all collectors will queue up to pick up the same chuck of metal and then they will do nothing even if you use the Harvest command. You also can't return those to a resource controller, you have to take them back to the mothership which may be 5 minutes away, during which time you are basically not mining anything because all collectors are stuck. Wow.Formations do nothing, they only work out of combat. When you are fighting, ships just break formation and go all over the place, so you can't micromanage or focus fire anything, you just CTRL-click and pray.The AI is broken. When you are under attack by a fleet, every enemy ship is prioritizing your salvage corvettes. If you dock them, they just kind of don't know what to do anymore, they just fly around taking occasional pot shots at your fighters until they get blown up. Your resource collectors never get harassed, I had them mining right next to an enemy fleet and nobody bothered them, instead they went for my salvage corvettes who were 20 km away.Audio is messed up, engine sounds will occasionally stop working or burst into static and kill your ears.Adaptive difficulty is a mess and very easy to abuse. If you leave the Kadesh missions with 25k RU's hoarded up and only build what you need when you need it, the campaign is a faceroll from that point on. You don't even need to capture anything ever, in fact it would be best to retire your salvage corvettes, thus breaking the enemy AI and having them fly around like headless chickens.Multiplayer is unstable and in beta.Just....ugh. The game needs like a year of patching, I'm not even sure if it's fixable at this point. Or if they will bother. DON'T buy this yet. Wait to see what they patch and wait for a sale."
,Recommended,244160,15259731,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Edgyer,"god the new voice acting is annoying, even so... good game, glad to have it brought back to life"
,Recommended,244160,16340063,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,PlyWood,"SO MUCH LUV FOR THIS GAME, was the first game i played on a pc."
76561198018407814,Recommended,244160,16365485,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Kill Lắ Kill Yoúrsëlf,you can kamikaze enemy ships. 9/11 would aloha snackbar again.
,Recommended,244160,14666281,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,WMain00,"Nothing can take us far enough emotionFar enough togetherAs the light shines so brightBright enough to let us inNothing can bridge our souls' devotionFast enough togetherAs the power proves you rightRight enough to let you beginSo many displaced among the future dreamersRealized their doublesTook a new stepA question of originOnly in the recent pastSeekers fought to realizeSkyward shone like beaconsA question of originTen thousand millions fleeTo the westward lightThe dreamers representThis arc of peaceAs the poets entrancedThe anchor redeemedSecrets of scienceThe history of the futureWas surely madeJust what keeps us so aliveJust what makes us realizeOur home is our world, our lifeHome is our world"
,Recommended,244160,29979191,Posted: 16 February,all,Aeonix_,"OH DEAR GOD YES. IF YOU LOVED THE ORIGINALS YOU WILL LOVE THIS, I REPEAT, YOU WILL LOVE THIS. IF YOU HAVEN'T PLAYED THE ORIGINALS, THEY ARE INCLUDED. NOW GO THROW YOUR MONEY AT IT."
76561198028222975,Not Recommended,244160,16315075,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Riptos,"I only played for around about an hour and finished the first two missions.  That was about all I could take.I loved Homeworld, Cataclysm and Homeworld 2. I own them all so I thought getting the remaster would be a nice idea...especially with the summer sale and the contents of my Steam Wallet making it cost me less than a tenner.But I deeply regret the decision already. The game sucked me in with it's improved visuals and effects but the good stuff pretty much stopped there.The UI is horrible, the amount of times I focused on a unit to have the mouse drag me off it was incredibly annoying. I know Homeworld 2 had this feature but it belonged there, not in Homeworld 1. But the real icing on the turd sandwich that this game is, is the AI with formations. It's absolutely abysmal. Putting a squad of Heavy Corvettes in a Wall formation to take down incoming fighters quickly was a surefire strategy in the original game. At least for the early missions.So I built up my Corvettes and attempted to put them in a wall formation, they went into a Diamond formation no matter what number of them I used. But the real kicker was when combat started, even mucking about with Tactics to change the AI behaviour still made them split off into bunches of two and threes and let the enemy fighters past. They would then attempt to chase said fighters even though they are slower.I swear I had 12 Heavy Corvettes defending the Salvage Corvette in the second mission and it almost died to a small squad of Turanic fighters that the AI in my Corvettes refused to kill.I think it's a given that I'm going to refund this utter turd. Feel so let down!If you like Homeworld, DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!"
76561198011678866,Recommended,244160,23700283,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,black_bible33,if i could kiss every person who helped make this possible i would die happy thank you you guys did great true homage to series only down fall... no cataclysm
76561198066871290,Recommended,244160,14663594,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Galaxy,10/10 The graphics are not much of a improvement but in my opinion GOTY (GAME OF THE YEAR) Not many mods yet bit hard to get used to if you have played other RTS's 4K resolution on remastered i don't know about calasic's good single-player audio amazing gameplay SLOW like me i want to instantly get into action! Recomend buying! Beware GLITCHES EXIST THE GAME IS ONY 2 DAYS OLD !!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,244160,27922732,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Meis,"Play it when I was in college, was fun. Play it again when they remastered it, even more fun.Best space rts game ever. Highly recommended."
76561198258136423,Recommended,244160,27924154,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,vulpix252000,"Just started playing. A blast from the past, so glad they did this. I'm enjoying the memories."
,Recommended,244160,27931800,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Wobbly,"In a few words ""Fooking brilliant"".  :)"
,Recommended,244160,16960025,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,FourthStanza,Definately a must have for any strategy or space enthousiast.
,Recommended,244160,17092806,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,LIKE,I love this game.
76561198052287494,Recommended,244160,16452324,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Potatotron_2000,"Homeworld is a space RTS game released in 1999, it gained popularity by not only creating the single most intuitive space strategy mechanic to date, but also had an amazing story line and one of the most beautiful music scores ever. In Homeworld and Homeworld 2, resource management is key, every resource you collect on one mission gets transferred to your next, so it is a good idea to use it wisely, often relying on salvage ships to steal enemy ships over building your own. Space combat is done on a fully 3D plane, where ships can easily move in all 3 axis, which at the time was revolutionary.Gearbox did an amazing job in remastering this great gem, the graphics is amazing, while keeping the story and the music intact the game is truly perfect now. They made some UI and control changes but in the end it results in a smoother gameplay.There are a few minor bugs such as a sound issue with ship engines when too many of them are moving at once, and the tutorial being slightly broken (you get asked to press okay to continue to the next segment but the tutorial continues on as if you already pressed it), however these are minor gripes and does nothing to ruin this wonderful title.My ratings are as follows:Graphics 8Music 10Story 10Gameplay 9"
,Recommended,244160,16609039,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Screaming Fist,"(As of this writing I have only played Homeworld Remastered, not 2)I was a bit hesitant to purchase this due to the fear that these games weren't as great as I had remembered. I was relieved to find out that Homeworld holds up to the test of time and in this remastered version it looks better than ever.The one thing I remembered about Homeworld was the atmosphere which is enhanced ten fold thanks to the remastering. Nothing compares to sending in a large armada full of fighters, corvettes, ion frigates and destroyers against another force of equal measure and watching the battle play out. Fighters whip around in the void dodging fire and letting loose upon the opposition. Destroyers fire heavy volleys of missles and projectiles which crash into the enemy's ranks. Ships flame out and tumble into an explosion when destroyed or in the case of capital ships they spin around and emit a huge fireball complete with debris. When the battle seems lost you can order your remaining fighters to kamikaze in a last ditch attempt to save the mothership. The backdrops are incredibly beautiful and stunning to look at. This remastered edition makes the game look like I remember it looking.Now with all that being said there is a bit of jank. Scripting has a tendancy to break. Movement commands get a little fuddled sometimes. I have had a handful of weird audio bugs as well. The zooming in and out via the mousewheel is a bit weird considering the setting being in 3d space you would think you could just keep zooming out to move the field of view up but you can't. A small amount of other issues have me scratching my head sometimes.Taking all that into consideration Homeworld has always had a special place in my heart. This remastered edition has me skipping and jumping for joy down memory lane as I relive all those massive space battles I remembered having. If you have any reverance for these games buy this edition right now. If this is new to you I encourage giving it a shot. If you aren't hooked before the first two hours of play you can always get a refund through Steam but I am pretty confident if you like space, explosions and strategy you will find a place in your heart for Homeworld as well."
76561198139692536,Recommended,244160,16713706,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,FreeODDFIRE,A great classic space RTS full of advernture :)
,Not Recommended,244160,14721652,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Praetorious Orff,"This takes everything you loved about homeworld and turns it into homeworld 2. If you liked homeworld 2, you'll love this game, if you liked the original game you pretty much want to skip it.  While it is possible to play vs the cpu in original homeworld with this set, it is NOT possible (currently) to play vs other people unless you play homeworld 2 version of homeworld 1. Which is crap.... Anyone who finds a way for me to play ORIGINAL homeworld against players, please let me know. Thank you."
76561197975732248,Not Recommended,244160,14711134,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,iThrud,"AI is terrible. Missions are borked forcing restarts for no discernable reason.These are things that should have been caught in QA.As it stands, right now, don't bother. I hope this doesn't mark a trend in the direction this company is going."
,Not Recommended,244160,14787574,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Rhaegor,"Don't believe the hype.  This remaster was not done that well.  The fundemental mechanics changes were a negative.  The grapics are better, but that is about it and I would rather play a modern new game with good graphics than this mess,"
76561198016479032,Not Recommended,244160,17649214,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Moondrake,"I don't recommend buying this until they get it fixed. Even after 11 updates (one just a day ago) it still doesn't work right. Formations (particularly the parade formation) still don't work, and without the parade formation, you haven't got any way to tell your ships to group up together by type, so selecting all the ships of a particular type to hot-key is next to impossible. Even figuring out what ships you've got is hard. I don't understand why Gearbox refuses to fix this aspect of the game. I'll update my review when (if) they get it fixed, but for now, either avoid it or know that playing it at the moment is a chore."
,Not Recommended,244160,17540959,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,MarcBomber,"Pros:- Great graphicsCons:- Many missing features (fuel, formations, attack strategie, avoid shots, multi target attacks, cloaked mines...)- Game mechanical bugs (only one research ship needed, mines and missiles target own captured ships, ...)- Bad UI (How many ships are in the build queue? Ship detail information missing. Seperating multiple ships after selection...)- AI became useless- Ships miss most shots.- Even lasers cannot hit standing tagets.Better play Homeworld:Cataclysm!"
,Not Recommended,244160,16952591,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Legendsmith,"Is this game worth buying? Maybe, if you've never played Homeworld or Homeworld before. This is definitely not a remaster. The homeworld 1 models and campaign were imported into the HW2 engine, ruining many features of the game. Apart from the multiplayer, which requires a special Gearbox account, there is just the updated textures and models. There were mods that could do this, for free. But this costs money. Pick up homeworld 2 for $10 online and you'll have the same experience, for cheaper."
,Not Recommended,244160,16966714,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,AndCycle,"except from failure of remater HW1,after half year, there are still lot's of bug in HW1R haven't fix,I don't even bother to get though HW2R."
76561198011744926,Not Recommended,244160,17170428,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Captain Mlargh,"hw1 is the best strategy game made in my opinion. engaging gameplay and story.the remastered version just isn't very good, graphics have been brought up to date but thats the only improvement. they completely removed several features that made the original so great and have brought it on par with its rather characterless sequel HW2. The remastered collecton is the only time i have ever preordered a game, wish i hadn't bothered.i hope that at some point a future homeworld title is released that can bring back some of that original HW1 and HW cataclysm playability."
76561198032193785,Not Recommended,244160,16519205,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,jessebanke,"Game is broken. Many have posted over the last few months that Mission 10 of HW remastered ""Super Nova"" will not complete when the mission objective is complete. The problem is not fixed. The ""solution"" is to reload the mission from the beginning and try again, over and over and over until it decides it wants to work. Come on now, if its broke, fix that or give a free save file for people who have the problem to skip lvl 10."
76561198140257724,Not Recommended,244160,17193550,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Mimer,"It seems unfair to write a (negative) review with just a few hours spent, but the game simply doesn't impress me. This goes for the remastered versions, I haven't tried the classics yet.+ Beautiful. Nice settings, nice backgrounds, nice ships. All good.+ Sound/music. Some people might argue that there shouldn't be any explosions or sounds in space but...not me.+ User interface. Very easy to handle, gives you all the information you need. Very intuitive.+ Real 3D space battles. This is the one aspect that I still have a lot to learn of.+ There's a limited amount of resources on each map and you carry your surplus with you to the next mission.- Each battle feels like I just mass my ships and plunge them in there. No thrill, no excitement, no fun. Maybe I'm a natural at composing fleets that'll crush all opposition, but I don't know... The missions I've played so far has just been me waiting for my fleets to destroy the enemy and retreating damaged ships for repairs. And carrying tens of thousands of resources from each map means that I can build 2-3 new fleets if I should get my fleet wiped out.In conclusion, the game looks great and feels great but just doesn't give you a proper challenge. I would recommend the game if you are unfamiliar to the genre."
76561198107806949,Not Recommended,244160,23947582,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,gfurtado89,"A great revamp of the original and second installationBUTFor me one of the best things about the original was the ability to plan ahead for the enemy fleet - they've given the original Homeworld the same stupid AI as Homeworld 2, meaning whatever fleet you build the AI will counter it appropriately.Sounds good on paper I guess, but makes the game unbelieveable frustrating and even when you win, there's no satisfaction in it.Stick with the original."
,Recommended,244160,15425717,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Otaku,One does not simply Sajuuk...Edit: Buy this damn game so we can get more ehomeworld games.
,Recommended,244160,18144702,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,"Talos, Colossus of Bronze",█▀▀ㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ▀▀█▀▀ㅤ   █ㅤ █ㅤ █▀▀▄▀▀█ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ ㅤ █▀▀▀ㅤ▀ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤㅤ ▀ㅤㅤ ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤ █▀▀ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ▄▀▀▄ㅤ█▀▀▄ㅤ █▀▀▄ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█▄▄▀─────███────██──────████───███────────████──███─────────████─█████████████──██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████─────█████████████████────────██████████──█───────────█████──────────────████──────────────█────────▄███████▄██───███▄▄──▄▄███──────▄██$█████$██▄██──█▀───▀███────█───▄██$█████████$██▄██──█───█──██───█─█──█$█████████████$███──█──────██─────█──███████████████████──██────██▀█───█─────██████████████─█───██████──▀████───────███████████──────────────────█───────█████████─────────────▀▀████──────███████████────────────────█▀──────██───████▀─▀█────────────────▀█──────█─────▀█▀───█──▄▄▄▄▄▄▄────────██────█───████▀───██─█████████████────▀█──█───███▀──▄▄██─█▀██▀██▀████▀█████▀──█───██████▀─▀█─█────────█▄─────────██───████▀───██─██▄████▄──██────────██───██──▄▄▄██──██▄▄▄▄▄██▀─────────██──█████▀───█─────────███────────███████▄────███────────███████─────█████████████───────▄██████████████████████████████─██████████████████─────────██████████████────────███████████───────█████──────████─────████ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀▀█▀▀ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ█ㅤ▄█ㅤ█▀▀ㅤㅤ ㅤㅤ ㅤ ㅤㅤ█ ㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█▀▀▄ ㅤ█▀▀ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀ㅤ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀ㅤ▀ㅤㅤ▀ㅤ▀▀▀█▀▄▀█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ█▀▄▀█ ▄▀▀▄ █▀▀▄ █▀▀ █ ㅤ █ㅤ██─▀─█ㅤ█▄▄█ㅤㅤ █─▀─█ █ ㅤ █ █ ㅤ █ █▀▀ █▄▄█ㅤ██ㅤㅤ █ㅤ▄▄▄█ㅤ ㅤ█ㅤㅤ█ ─▀▀ ─ ▀ ㅤ ▀ ▀▀▀ ▄▄▄█ㅤ▄
76561197983492649,Recommended,244160,14659516,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,c3sk,"Just buy this game. You won't regret it.If you're on this page, you're probably already aware of how awesome it is.Good job Gearbox!Helped me relive my childhood again. 10/10"
76561198216187752,Not Recommended,244160,14903458,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,flying_brick,"Bugged pathfinding, bugged AI, bugged camera control, bugged mission event trigger.The game looks beautiful but that is the only positive point. Besides that there are- bugged events that don't trigger and won't allow you to advance in the mission- bugged AI that makes your ships crash and explode into the asteroids they were meant to destroy- bugged pathfinding that doesn't allow you to attack a target because the move command is issued way off into the distance instead of where the contact marker is represented.- probably the most anoying bug of them all is the camera control. You can't move up or down relative to the system plane because the movement controls will freeze and no further input is registered.Frustrating remake of a good old game. My review is only based on the Homeworld 1 game, because I didn't have the heart to try and see what they broke about Homeworld 2 yet.I wouldn't even think of spending money on this title as it is right now."
76561198044100288,Not Recommended,244160,14911685,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,200dec,"никогда не делайте предзаказ на переизданиеполное оказуаливаниевсе для дибиловгр♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ипостояный автозапуск с ангарамины исчезаюттвой же флот херачит по захваченому тобой кораблютопливо у истребителей и бомберов забрали, на кой теперь нужны саппорты?ресурсы теперь сами собираются на халявучто здесь от homeword?????сюжет???♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ тут еще и глюки с освещением объектовкорочи это не homeworld, а туториал по немус нетерпением жду когда сделают ремастеринг на homeworld 1"
76561198008827825,Not Recommended,244160,14903652,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Furrygopher,"Remastered is one of those words that the entertainment industry is making a spirited attempt to define as ""prettier but shallower” a lot of fun mechanics have been stripped out and the difficulty curve not reassessed to reflect that, which keeps the campaign slightly off the tone of the original and renders the skirmish mode a flop.The art is lovingly crafted and I have no bones to pick with that side of the team. All that pretty just doesn’t justify hacking away the tactical choices. It's such a shame that the best part of the package is the bonus features in the form of the original versionsIn sumary save your cash and just play the old version."
76561198013886121,Recommended,244160,14862823,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,CataclysmChild,"I was always a huge fan of the origional homeworld and this game did not disappoint. Although the formations dont work as well as the origional (much more like HW2) the new graphics are stunning and the gameplay is fun. The game appears to  be alot easyer on the surface, i find my self flooded with resorces where in the origional i was always short. The game does seem too adjust the difficulty as you play.I recomend this game to anyone, clever stratay on 360° maps nice graphics and replayability. the campain is designed to catch you out if you try to play with no restarts you will have a tough but fun game."
,Recommended,244160,14842125,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Cleric,"Priority Alert!Hyperspace signitures detected, send probes to investigate.We have Identified the artifact, it's Homeworld Remastered on Steam.Your objectives:Retrieve immediatley."
76561197967592229,Recommended,244160,14860551,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,-[FoF]-CronosC4,"This is a classic remastered! Sure its buggy but what the heck do you expect? They basically took and old classic and added some modern upgrades to it. Almost similar to adding modern parts to an old classic car, you are going to have your ""bugs"" and other issues, but in time you find them, fix them and soon its purring like a kitten (or you run out of money).I look at it this way. Gearbox brought back this game to give some joy and nostalgia to those that loved this game (and of course make some money). And I am sure that it will be running right in time (fingers crossed). I still enjoy this classic even with the bugs. If you have played the game in the past, I would recommend you to turn a blind eye to the nay say'rs. Go ahead and get the game if you have the itch or wait for the sale."
76561198113731327,Not Recommended,244160,14909251,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Agent 47,"I want a Refund for fauls adverdisment, all of a sudden I can no loger play what i bought, Do NOT AGAIN, DO NOT BYE THIS  GAME, bye GMod instead. But this game has too many programing probelms."
76561198045999852,Recommended,244160,14910962,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,SYNchr0ny,"Is it a cash grab? Most remasters, absolutely. This remaster, however, shows an incredible amount of care given to the resurrection of a timeless classic, an IP that still has a great deal of potential.In order to make such an incredibly faithful remastering, key artists from the original art team were hired to breath new life into the graphics and the original composer was brought in to touch up the soundtrack. As such, everything has been retouched with an incredible amount of care and respect.True, some mechanics have been changed across both games (the first one most of all). Purists will be disappointed to be missing out on some mechanics, such as strikecreaft fuel, and some missions will be changed somewhat as a result. However, I believe that those omissions that were made in the remastered editions were for the better, in order to create more consistent games over all. I haven't tried them yet, but if you really want the original experience all over again, the Classic versions are bundled along with the rest.Considering all of these things in addition to subtle improvements to the HUD in both games, full modding support, the addition of a steam-supported multiplayer, and even fleshed out options menus, I can say that Homeworld has been reborn and that it can very easily compete with many modern RTS games in terms of immersion, challenge, and depth. With any luck, this will be the jump start that the IP needs as a whole.... and now back to my fleet of salvage ships!"
,Not Recommended,244160,16329642,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,joshlola,While graphics are beutiful the ui needs to be updated and requires serious changes to run smoothly without graphic changes i would give this a 3/10
76561198037664609,Not Recommended,244160,16348718,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,JBV3737,"hw2 races are soooooooooo overpowered, game is soo badly unbalanced its unbeleiveable, only play with old races or new races, they do not mix well at all."
76561197971078030,Not Recommended,244160,16369107,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,NyquistJack,"I read the complaints about HW1:R and I figured, meh, I just wanted to play the classic anyway.  So I got it all loaded up, got all geeked about the back story again, got into the first mission, engaged some claw formation, made my first kill...crash.  Tried again...and again...and again.  Any time a ship exploded, the game crashed.So, I figured I'd give the HW1: R a try.  I loaded the game...no audio.Refund is in the works.  This is extremely dissapointing."
76561197971042250,Not Recommended,244160,16378548,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,TreyNutz,"I'm bitterly disappointed in this remaster of Homeworld 1.  Formations are pretty much ignored and tactics...who knows?  The UI is totally revamped, which is for the most part ok.  But the basic gameplay is altered for the worse. The ""classic"" version of Homeworld is exactly that, no upgraded graphics or models.  This was a complete waste of my money.  I may try to get a refund.  I have the original disk from when the game originally launched in 1999.  This remaster adds nothing better.  The remaster just doesn't have the fidelity that the original deserves.  And I was so excited to get this.  What a waste."
76561198060160609,Recommended,244160,16405243,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,ArcticSalad,"I'm surprised this game isn't more popular then it is. This an absolutely fantastic RTS game, plus it's a classic brought back to life! I highly recommend this game!Overall 8/10"
76561197967431066,Not Recommended,244160,14691484,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Venti,"For those who wanted to play Homeword 1 with a new coat of paint and maybe a some UI (User Interface) improvements, this ain't it. Instead what you get is a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥mod of the Homeworld 1 capaign for Homeworld 2. Almost nothing works as expected. The UI looks awful, feels awful and is in most ways no improvement over the original one. There is a reason there was no Homeworld 3.The graphics look good. They did a fine job remodeling the ships. Unfortunately with none of the actual behavior modeled, the ships feel like empty husks. Turrets of corvettes don't seem to independently track and shoot enemy ships like they used to, and when big ships fire their giant cannons, there is no recoil on the turret. Everything feels like a 3d-Max model making pew pew sounds.Formations don't work. Instead of the giant walls of capital ships surrounded by spheres of corvettes and wings of fighters you get to choose between a few different amorphous blobs and any time the ships move or see an enemy, the blog disintegrates.Battles don't work. If you follow a fighter, you see that it couldn't hit a side of a mothership if it was docked inside it, making fights between fighters and corvettes take forever. On the other hand, assault frigates swat fighters out of the sky like so many flies. It's obvious Gearbox didn't even slightly try to match the balance of the original game.Salvaging enemy ships doesn't work. Or one could argue that in all their bugginess they work too well. Just make a few of these and capture the whole enemy fleet: fighters, corvettes, everything, and you are done. Just don't build any of your own ships because they will shoot at the captured ships. You see, Homeworld 2 had boarding frigates that captured the targeted ships in place, so the engine doesn't actually support salvage ships that take their prey back into the mothership, and it's obvious that Gearbox didn't want to make any actual changes to the engine, or do any testing.Homeworld 1 classic works. Too bad you don't get any graphical updates or UI features while playing it. Although, it's probably for the best since Gearbox doesn't seem to care about the things that made this classic great. Homeworld 1 is still a fantastic game and doesn't look nearly as dated as they make it look in their comparison videos. All they needed to do was these things:- Use the original physics and game simulation engine.- Update the 3d rendering engine to support modern resolutions and shadows. Although if that was too hard, updating just the models and textures would have been fine too.- Increase the simulation steps per second to at least 30.- Add time control.Instead of doing these things, they made some nice looking ship models for Homeworld 2. Hence the turd that is Homeworld Remastered."
,Recommended,244160,14665128,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Belmont,"Homeworld Remastered Collection is truly a unique game.The story is captivating, the graphics are great (nice lighting effects, very detailled ships), and the modding community is already active.The game is running fine most of the time, i've only experienced 1/2 crashes, but nothing game breaking, a steady 70fps with a gtx660.Haven't tried the MP yet, but judging by the quality of the SP, i can only assume it's great.So do i recommend this game ?Yes, oh god yes, a really big surprise for me."
,Not Recommended,244160,22221556,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,TheProcrastinator,"I hate games that punish patience. The dynamic difficulty system is one of the most ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ difficulty systems I think I've seen yet as each level gets harder the more ships you have in your fleet, in other words if you spend 5 minutes at the end of the last level building your fleet the next level will slap you around even harder then before that 5 minutes. Why can't I just sit around easy clicking just to make the next level easier?"
76561197997686991,Not Recommended,244160,14910849,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,ShortBusBioFuel,"If you have multiple monitors set up, I DO NOT reccomend playing this yet.  Currently the mouse bounds are not set for multiple monitors so when trying to pan over, you just run off into your other monitor.  Very annoying and makes the game unplayable.  This has been a bug since launch and it has yet to be addressed.  Such a shame because I loved this game."
,Not Recommended,244160,14890211,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Sergeant179,Too difficult without anyway to change the difficulty. Looks pretty but after 1 hour in a campaign and they throw everything at you so your completely outnumbered is stupid. Just fruterating that a good looking game like this is a bad gamer experience.
76561197999546591,Not Recommended,244160,14843522,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,natashagmt,"They BROKE formations in Homeworld 1 in the remastered version. Dont think of buying this till they FIX this, as HW1 with no formations is like a Broken Pencil.............Pointless"
,Not Recommended,244160,14809679,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Kobura,"It's a beta.I wouldn't mind that, if they said it was going to be released as a crashhappy, buggy, region-semi-exclusive (multiplayer problems across continents/regions) BETA.LABEL YOUR ******* BETAS."
,Recommended,244160,19594986,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Vinylicpuma3,"Great game, definitely recommended for RTS fans. You won't be dissapointed."
,Recommended,244160,22463556,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Runesoldier,"Just as fun as I remembered the original, plus much better graphics, and all sorts of easy to install stuff on the workshop. What's not to love?"
,Recommended,244160,14680268,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,The Commander,New kids wont be able to handle this game.This is made for the classic RTS players.
76561197971296352,Not Recommended,244160,23637948,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Necro,"Remastered editions are broken. Enemy strength scales to your own in such a way, that trivializes any decisions made by the player."
,Not Recommended,244160,29749482,Posted: 6 February,all,Stabilo ᐰ,"Bugs, worsened 'reworked' soundtrack, poor ai, little to no optimization, loading times longer than original HW, dead multiplayer. I just can't help mself but ask: What's remastered there?Unforgiveness of the campaign and unique plot is what keeps this game alive, but that what you can get in original HW and HW2, so better buy those."
,Not Recommended,244160,14656832,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Drackbolt,"I'm a diehard Homeworld fan, but this ""Remastered"" collection is very disappointing so far in playing my first several hours.  It is riddled with bugs, even more than the original (which is saying something).  Even with Gearbox saying they rewrote the engine, I see some extremely similar issues to the old game.  I can deal with minor change such as ship costs (and apparently Fuel is no longer a resource for Strike craft), and I'm still a fan of the plodding pace and solitary atmosphere, but the issues I'm going to talk about make the price tag of this remake painful to have forked over.  It's amazing this was released in this state and I'm having a hard time believing that much work really went into it.Here is my current laundry list after playing for about 7 hours today (release day):Hotkeys and information.  Some ships have ""special attacks""; good luck finding out what those are or whether they exist, until you find the hotkey for it and try it.  There are no more detailed info panes for ships now, at least that I can find, so you have very limited info on anything's capabilities.  Also, this game causes some kind of interference with system hotkeys... including preventing my ability to use in-game Shadowplay, which is what I use for videos and streaming.  UI for units currently selected is very small, slow and klutzy.Queueing up multiple Research ship pieces will result in only one being built.Capturing and Salvaging problems.  Salvage Corvettes will fight over the same pieces, following each other around.  You cannot tell a group of them to capture a group of enemies either; you must pick them one at a time.  Friendly units will happily open fire on any unit you have in tow, even though it is on its way to the mothership to be assimilated and poses no threat.  Harvesters will also fight with them over carried salvage.  Salvage Corvettes or Harvesters carrying salvage will clump up and prevent each other from delivering anything to a Carrier or Mothership.  Likewise as above, you cannot target groups of salvage to gather with a group of ships; it must be one at a time, or waiting for Harvesters to try and do it on their own.  Finally, a personal gripe; why do they make it hard to distinguish what ships you own after capturing them?  At least they could have changed the color of the exhaust trails or something to make it easier to know what's happening in a battle.Pathfinding.  There are clipping issues and other bits of forgiveable things, but sometimes ships of any kind will lose their minds and do a dance in place until you figure out what direction they need to get free.  When you need groups of ships to engage combat quickly, sometimes they will spend 5-15 seconds trying to recover their formation before they'll engage.  Also, as with the original game, rarely (but comically, at least if you're not playing) a ship you ordered to move (whether part of a group or not) will decide to go off in some completely random direction and will not stop.  Ever.Asteroids.  Oh god, these are horrible... This was always a frustrating level, but now when destroying asteroids, they fade away for a moment, and then slowly create a few dangerous new ones that can't be shot at right away.  The biggest problem there is that you can't select these new ones to attack half the time; if you try, sometimes your idiot ships will just start driving straight into them.  Ships will do no defensive or proactive fire whatsoever against the asteroids.  To boot, when you start the mission, if your carrier ships are on Auto-launch, all your little brittle ships will line up in perfect parade order to get themselves killed.  Finally, when you lose the first dodge-the-asteroid mission, the screen fades to black, but the rest of the game keeps running.  No end screen or anything like that, and you can hear your actions on the keyboard still having effects.Drones.  These little morons will kamikaze into your own ships whenever you activate or deactivate them.  Oh by the way, how do you activate them, you say?  Must be a button or something convenient, right?  Nope:  It's Ctrl-Shift-D.  And you'd never know unless you went through the game options for the key bindings.  I also had issues getting a group of Drone Frigates to respond to this command when deactivating; I often had to do it for each one individually.Repairing.  Pathfinding issues aside, it doesn't appear any Repair Corvettes or Frigates will repair some corvettes that you've captured from the enemy, at least some of the time.  Groups of repair ships will also have the same arguing issues between themselves as Salvage Corvette/Harvesters when trying to patch up the same ship.I'm going to keep playing it to get my money's worth, but I'm afraid I can't recommend this remake at all, as compared to just going out there and getting free or almost-free copies of the original games.  The graphics are much prettier but they aren't mind-blowing for 15 years of progress, and certainly not worth this price.  I'll probably find more issues as I go along, but I'll try to stay optimistic."
76561197971110404,Recommended,244160,25376378,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Mr. Incredible,I really don't understand why this games showes up when you filter on VR games !It's only playable in Theater mode.Like you want to play a space RTS in theater mode???looking at a low resolution screen with your Vive on your head?or am i missing something here?
76561198010284944,Not Recommended,244160,14670249,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Mark,The game in its current state is having a lot of mission bugs in HW1 for me. Unable to proceed and having to reload from the very start to try and progress.This issue should have been picked up from testing.The game however is still quite good. But I find that unable to progress in the missions to be unacceptable.
76561198081101696,Not Recommended,244160,14977092,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,KMickle,"Much has been written about the improved graphics in the game. The screenshots speak for themselves. But, unfortunately, apart from enchanced graphics there are few positive moments to notice.The in-game speech seems to be recorded anew. I liked Makaan's voice. Fleet Command and Cpt. Soban are good, too. Karan is a bit… not like herself. But you won't probably notice that.Planet Killerstheme from the last HW2 mission I've been anticipating the most is just absent. All the other aspects of sound and music are ok.Cutscenes are renedered in 1080p and look just awesome. But the in-game video player is implemented poorly: horrifying lags are obvious, while Media Player Classic plays the same smoothly even at x4 speed, let alone at normal.That is all for the good part. Now the bad part.First, despite nice textures, all the animations and VFx are left as it was. No new interesting additions (such as docking bays holding grip of resource collectors while unloading resource units or a destroyer losing a part of hull being heavily damaged). The repair beams and welding flashes stay as they were, while the soul craves for something more spectacular and immersive. Some of capital ships just don't fit the Mothership docking bay, going through textures.The Junkyard Dog turns ships in space as if they were made of near-weightless thin indestructible cardboard!. Hiigaran miners dock ""through"" Vaygr refineries, piercing the solid metal with antennas. Damage model is exactly as it was in Homeworld 2 — weird and unimpressive. And so on. Nothing positive has been done here since the Classics.Procedure of taking a ""clean"" screenshot is spectacular. To do that, you must manually disable all the HUD elements and deselect all ships, and having taken a screenshot set everything back as it was. All in all, nearly 10 key presses are necesarry to make a screenshot.As the game is about playing, not watching, and the Homeworld series is a thrilling experience to play through, in 20-30 minutes you will completely forget about graphics and concentrate all efforts and attention on gameplay.Hotkeys map seems to remain at the initial state. Most keystrokes are 2 or 3 keys combinations, scattered all over the keyboard without pretty much structuring. Learning and using those is a piano challenge. Nothing has been done to improve the keyboard controls.The campaign felt hopelessly easy. Closer to the end of the game (each one) the resource pool grows to 6-digit magnitude. That causes ""why don't I build a full fleet of these and try them on something hopelessly well defended"" thoughts. The overall state of the campaing indicates that by the time of release no one of the developers had taken a notepad and made a full playthrough of the campaign, marking bugs.When the junkyard Dog at Karos snatches a ship, you are supposed to lose contact with it, but you do not. The ships are supposed to be disabled after that, butsometimesthey are not. Sometimes the Dog just tries to place the second ship to where the first is located, thus getting stuck. The Karos Proximity sensors Net is composed of freshly-painted sensors with Hiigaran insignia on them.... I have spotted a swarm of such mistakes during the playthrough.Enemy AI can make a grown man cry. No cooperation between ships is observed, and any signs of intellectual activity within the enemy ranks seem absent. Sending frigates wave after wave into the same minefield is just an example of a typical AI routine. The multiplayer AI seemed a bit better to me. In campaign there is none.Ship behavior is untouched (or even wasted a little). Single corvettes are ineffective (due to special placement of their turrets). That concerns all other ship types as well, so the ships with high coverage ratio are the most powerful ones.  Optimal attack patterns or any means to assign them manually are absent: a bomber can grind a resource collector just standing in one place, but instead it will move at max speed, and on the second run won't shot a single round because of asteroids blocking the shot. So, fighters and corvettes are a pity to watch at (especially single ones, with no squads and poor coverage). Whenever a ship escapes to safety through Hyperspace, rest assured: all your forces will target the enemy base to avenge the humiliation. Repair corvettes and minelayers will go in the lead, as the most agressive and eager to fight.The Gehenna border outpost will be as tough a target for a bomber aqs before: the start of the attack run is a fixed radius, the end is hear the enemy hull. So, the length of the run is negligible here and no real damage will be done. And that is instead of standing and grinding the target.There are worse things. Sometimes resource collectors just get stuck in place cutely blinking the engines instead of mining. Sometimes one of the ships boosts to 4000 speed or so and goes darting to the enemy lines or making enormous circles. My opponent once said his collecors are stuck inside one another and unable to move. Sometimes two corvettes try to repair each other, so they can't dock and go waltzing up to the uppermost boung of the map.Gravitation Wells do not affect Vaygr corvettes, and Assault fighters had the kamikaze damage compared to a full-sized frigate each (has been corrected on 05-03-2015)The user interface. The only thing I did not expect of it is to getthis muchworse. The largest button on the screen is ""Menu"" — the button to be used 5-10 times in total. The next one in size toggles sensor view and isneverused, as it is bound to the Space key (which is extremely convenient). Right under it is an enormous control group panel that does nothing. Fleet build queue reacts poorly (especially the pause button) and takes 3 keystrokes to open (3 more whenever a build-capable ship is built or lost). The lower right corner is occupied by never-used basic action commands, such as Attack or Move.  Everything listed above and to be listed below is to be scaled manually: extremely small on dtfault and clumsy and self-intersected on larger scales. Build and Research queues provide as few useful information as possible, and have to be scrolled due to the command panel below. Selection and commands do not work near UI objects, selection mechanism is suboptimal, so in combat situations the UI is bound to fail you constantly. Building 50 fighters take 50 clicks. 50 more whenever you change your mind. Overall element placement inUI and credits sequence indicate it has probably been done by a secondary school boy in exchange for a day off school. There is (maybe was corrected on 19-03-2015) a place where one of the names was covered with the white frame around a picture. I haven't even started a talk about possible improvements of the original: robust and fast probe deployment, fast access to compact build options, advanced formation and beharior tweaks (must be implemented in ""real life"", not only on the GUI.Balancing factions is a great work. Great work yet to be done, as the task seems untouched by the developers. This task is in tight relations with ship behavior, so I don't even know where to start.Stealth figters are worth a special mention: being the most advanced Kushan tech, they have less DPS than a scout, move slower, can't hit smaller targets at all, and can't do real damage to larger ones. With feaures this outstanding they should be permanently cloaked without decloak on attack.SUMMARY:to be straight and honest — this is an alpha. Totally raw; loads of aspects haven't received due attention. Multiplayer platform is good and priceless for seasoned players. Textures and models are great. Everything else has been neglected with or spoiled. And it is not the graphics what makes a really good game."
76561197974592315,Not Recommended,244160,14703939,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Sparkle,"I've played Homeworld and Homeworld 2 several times since their release.With Remastered's release, I find myself fighting the interface more than the enemy.  Certain actions, such as repair, or capture, refuse to target mulitple targets as you could with both of the original games. One-command sending of a swarm of salvage corvettes against a pair of destroyers was one of my joys, which simply can't be done now, to say nothing of the removal of Military Parade formation (an easy way of getting your fleet back under control when it's all scattered) I have repeatedly lost simple battles simply because the revamped interface is so... difficult to work with, compared to the original games. It is non intuitive, unlike the original.Skip this iteration until it's been patched, possibly even a few times."
76561197987037485,Not Recommended,244160,14714290,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Heisenberg,"Homeworld 1 is completely broken and not at all like the original. There are numerous bugs in the campaign, and the whole feel of combat is off. It honestly feels like HW1 was a cheap attempt at a port of the missions into a different engine with little attention to the details that made it such a great game."
,Recommended,244160,18299062,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Void_Warrior,"The only concern I have is that the names of various locations and charaters in Homeworld RM: 2 are inconsistent in their pronunciations.Other than that, everything works together well in the single-player story. The music, however is a work of art in itself. I sit and listen to the soundtrack and it brings back memories of playing the game. (Diamond Shoals, how you torment me!).The modding community is really great, too with the ability to play races from the entire universe. The Kadeshi are the best, though."
76561198201802249,Recommended,244160,19399262,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,VictorsaurusRex,"This is a pretty cool game, and I guess famous? I had never heard of it until a coworker mentioned that he used to play it a long time ago. I saw that this Remastered version was on sale and that it has some seriously rave reviews and a huge (and aged) fanbase. Its definitely a great looking game and while the gameplay does take a little bit to get used to its really fun. My only problem so far is that is has crashed twice and I've only had it one day. I do have the Halo and Mass Effect workshop mods installed which I read can cause it to crash, and while I haven't played with those mods just yet, that may be the reason. I have not tried the multiplayer yet, thought I should mention that. If you can catch this while its still on sale, and you're a fan of RTS and want to try a space RTS pick this up!Pros:Simple resource systemLooks purdyGreat storySoundtrack is cool (almost BSG Rebuild-esque)Workshop items like the Halo and ME ships look insanely coolCons:Crashes with mods on occasionLearning curve with overall gameplayThe distances between places is bigger than you think and most of the ships move slower than how old people F*K"
76561197970527561,Not Recommended,244160,14716277,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Tribulations,"Feels sloppy. Basic things are broken. B is the hot-key to the build menu, hitting that while it is up does not toggle it. R is the research menu, that does toggle. You can't adjust the mouse sensitivity.I try move actions 5 times before it works.The only way repairing seems to work is to select what you want to heal and then right click on the ship that repairs. There is an action for repair, it doesn't seem to do anything.Not much is explained. A formation is good is all the tutorial says. Good for what? Why are there different ones?Why can't I select all ships of the same type?I'm not going to fight a game to play it."
76561198033397637,Recommended,244160,18631264,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,SoullessSarge,"Simpy put, Excellent game(s). While the originals were epic in their own right, the remastered version changes interface, the graphics (including new features like ""battle scars""), and several bug fixes. Plus, it doesn't change the story (at least  didn't notice any changes). another thing, is that it adds the ability to play both the first gen units AND the second gen units, in the same match. So those players that do the whole ""oh, X Gen was better than X Gen"". you can literally, fight them with those units to settle the score. Another thing is that thier are plenty of mods that change the way the game looks. that way, if you don't like the interface or the way an icon/emblem/ect looks, you can change it."
,Recommended,244160,14652816,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Legendary Chicken,"Best Game of 2015 by a mile, unique, different and special :)"
76561197964863427,Not Recommended,244160,14985978,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Kamamura,"I bought this under the assumption that the original game engine is intact, and that this is only a gfx overhaul. However, the game physics is dumbed down, the true projectiles of the original game is replaced by dumb dice rolls to calculate damage, and the formations are broken.Shame on you, Gearbox, and shame on you, reviewers like Total Biscuit and others who had only words of praise for this game."
,Recommended,244160,14664326,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Guardian_Angel,"The Best Space RTS of all times returns with brand new graphics, improvements, and awesome multiplayer + mod support included!Pros:+++ Glorious 4K Graphics+++ Thoughtful Three Dimension Gameplay+++ Breathtaking Battles in space+++ Scenic Views++ Classics included++ Multiplayer (In Beta)Cons:- Some balancing neededConclusion:Must buy for sure!10/10"
,Not Recommended,244160,14714026,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,OMEN,"I bought the game.It did not work with riva tuner FPS overlay, none of the 3D engine will work.After I turned the FPS overlay off, the game worked and I found two dated games with poorly scaled UI.I am disappointed."
76561198189336947,Not Recommended,244160,23710625,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,White Guardian,"As I have never played the original Homeworld series before, my comments made here are based on my feelings playing this game as a new player, and not on whether this is a good remake of the original series.In this game, basically what the player needs to do is pretty much like all the other RTS games, such as harvesting the resource, creating a fleet, researching new technology, defending the mothership, and destroying all enemy spaceships, etc.The differences between this game and other RTS games include:1) There is only one type of resource in this game. It's simple but quite boring.2) The battlefield is in the outer space; there is no topographic features of any kind in this game. That is, no roads, no lakes, no mountains, no nothing to speed up or slow down the moving speed of your units. Futhermore, you can't hide behind anything to dodge fire; you can't plan ambush; and you can't make a detour or anything. You just go directly toward the enemy then fight, and so is the enemy.3) When you assign multiple units in a fleet, you can specify its formation. However, there is no tutorial or hints to tell you what are the advantages and disadvantages of each formation. In fact, after several hours of play, I still have no idea at all whether the selection of formation will affect the attacking or defending ability of the fleet or not.4) Although the player can command a specfic unit to attack a selected enemy, normally you won't have time to do so, as you cannot pause the game and there are simply too many enemy to target and you got so many spaceships to control. As a matter of fact, the program always hung up whenever I continuously move my units around the map. I'm not sure whether it's the problem of my computer (which I bought around a year ago to perform some computationally intensive numerical simulation) or there actually is a bug in this program. As a result, all I did in this game was to produce spaceships, group them as a fleet, assign them to attack, then they will move straightforward to the enemy to kill or get killed.5) The strength of your enemy in each mission is scaled to match the strength of your army at the end of previous mission. You are triumphant to have won a tremendous victory in a mission? You probably won't laugh for long because in the next mission a much stronger enemy is waiting to greet you.6) The research is boring too. There is no such thing as tech tree in this game. Basically you just click on the research tab whenever the game tells you that there is a new tech available for you to research. And in maybe 30 seconds, the system informs you that the research is completed, and then, you are done. Oh, I almost forget to mention that they didn't even bother to design the icons for the technologies. It's just a text box; you click on the box whenever the system reminds you to do new research.Of course there are some nice features that enable the game to have received an overwhelmingly good review from the players. However, if I were to know those game settings/features as listed above, I would not waste my time or money on this remastered game."
76561198043093056,Not Recommended,244160,14699330,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,lovespuddy,"Unfortunatly what other reviewers say is correct this game breaks many of the mechanics that made HW1 a classic formations dont work, Carriers don't process captured craft, you can't retire captured craft, support craft are now dumb and will only heal one craft and then still there. all the AI has been gutted. Yes the new ship skins look loverly but that does not make up for loss of AI. all this could have been lived with but the game is also increadibly unstable. It crashed to desktop all the time and believe it or not you can see what it is it's steam syncing with the game crashes it out did anyone actually god forbid test this with steam. Also any other sort of alert reminder on your pc will crash the game and it's not just a graceful crash to desktop a click on the icon to flick back to the game no the game completely just shuts it's self. Reminder from your antivirus to update you definitions HW crash, Itunes update nag HW crash, Steam sync of the game HW crash. this is particularly noticeable on missin 13 which can be long mission unfortunatly the game wont stay stable enough to complete it. The game should never have been released in it's current state."
,Recommended,244160,14651294,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,xankar,"gg with a ""re"" if you know what I mean"
76561198025539048,Not Recommended,244160,29697343,Posted: 4 February,all,Noie,When you remaster something and release the originals with it... MAKE SURE THE ORIGINAL WILL WORK ON CURRENT OPERATING SYSTEMS!!!!!!
76561198010741990,Recommended,244160,14651320,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Ginge,"Gearbox... I was worried.. very worried... but you have redeemed yourselves!!  I will not mention AVP or Duke ever again. erased from emmeory.  Im still only on lvl 1.. and Im like an excited child at christmas, the game looks fantastic and the sounds and effects and music.. aghhhh the music... just amazing, as great as I remember it and now secy looking!  Great job, god i love this game!!!!!"
,Recommended,244160,17012652,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Akira49,"Homeworld. It used to be considered one of best RTS's ever made set in space combat. After it was remastered it still is one of best RTS's ever created. I have never played original games, bought the game during recent steam sale. Money well spent. The game is just amazing. Homeworld 1 Remastered feels like one is playing Battlestar Galactica (2003-2009). On the other hand Homeworld 2 Remastered is more of war story while keeping up mysticism of 1st game.First thing I can tell you now the game is not easy, You need to learn its controls and how it works otherwise you will keep loosing. When you learn ropes of the game its extremely pleasant to play and most importantly enemy will still outnumber you, i.e. in 2nd game the enemy will have 10 battlecruisers while you have a cap allowing you to build 2 bc's. Quite unfair considering their firepower but frigates are perfect cannon fodder for that :PStory of two games is just amazing, both cause you feel rush and despair. Graphics in comparison to original game imporved really well fitting modern standards (including 4k if u can handle it). The soundtrack is purely amazing and is used in appropriate moments to affect us as players when necessary. Adagio for Strings choral by Samuel Barber is actually one of most beautiful songs ever created in our history. Yes, its used in best moments in the Homeworld 1 Remastered! Other soundtrack is also amazing but this very specific song is purest masterpiece of all,Gameplay. It's great. Cant say anything more. Combat is balanced, fights are challanging and its easy to loose if you're not using the thing in ur head at all. This is defiently not casual game where you hop in and immediately become a god in it (like designers of modern games do nowadays with games is just wrong!) Nothing beats sight of full scale fleet vs fleet combat. Bloody yet stunning.Homeworld Remastered Collection is great offer. You get 4 games (2 original + 2 remastered games) and if you are considering to buy it, do not hesitate. You will not regret spending your money on the game (sale or normally). Right now I feel like a thief for buying on summer sale. This game is worth way more than I've paid for it.I feel like I want to keep returning to the game to play it over and over. It is that good, great replayability value and satisfaction from it.To sum things up:+ Nicely improved graphics that fits modern standards+ Masterpiece soundtrack (and im quite hard to impress with music)+ Great Gameplay and replayability value+ Great story that actually makes you feel desperate, in rush+ Want more!+ Not casual...- ... which for some console peasants will be a bad thing.- some bugs- not well explained graphic settings in the video settings"
76561198010490186,Not Recommended,244160,14722463,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,MSG,"This remake is full of bugs. Stay away until they are fixed, those lazy youtube reviewers missed theml"
76561197961017267,Not Recommended,244160,14718187,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,sonnyday,"Lots of bugs. Wait for fixes. Some parts of ui too big and some too small, hard to micro. Docking path is...wierd... takes forever to dock and repair for ships during battle. Sometimes pressing space to open big map stops working until you restart the game. I had fun, but the bugs are just annoying. So im going to stop playing until some of these are fixed, especially the map issue."
76561197970719813,Recommended,244160,14653002,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,horsky,Magnificent! One of the best 3drts:es ever made. Happy gaming memories coming back to life in a splendid hd package...
76561198363887373,Recommended,244160,30546815,Posted: 16 March,all,Screwsee,Fun!
76561198119830274,Recommended,244160,20961982,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Rigamir,"I didn't play the originals like many reviewers have and have just completed the H1:R campaign, havent even touched the second one yet. I will post a review of HW2:R seperately.I will start off by saying I only leave reviews in cases of extreme, has to be so good or so bad to illicit a review. This game is definitely not the latter. I have played many RTS games through my life and very few were able to tell such a tale as well  as this one has. The journey was enthralling and gripping and has so many interesting events along the way. The combat is great and while the scenery leaves room for improvemnet it is hardly missed when your fleet engages the enemy and capital ships trade blows while fighters and corvettes dance through a three dimensional space. I enjoyed every mission many of which had different obstacles and goals to keep you interested and sometimes force you to use very different approaches, spamming a ton of two units wont get you far like many RTS out there. A must buy for anyone who enjoys RTS or space games, seriously get it.11/10 would make the journey again."
76561198013225880,Not Recommended,244160,20460821,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Fil,"So far i've gotten to the Great Wastelands...and i don't know if this is worth continuing. Attack group designations lost during hyperspace jumps Autolaunch can't be turned off. If you turn it off the fighters launch after jump anyway. Fighters/Corvettes won't all fit into the mothership (no carriers yet). Attack groups develope ""strays"" that don't move. Ships fall out of formation. Resource collector goes dormant from time to time.  Ships won't target asteroids in the mission after GW. No way to tell how many fighters in a group above 24.I've played the old Homeworld numerous times on much worse computers and never came upon any of these glitches.Sorry, the enhanced graphics aren't worth the agravation. I'll take the old HW anytime."
76561198034543949,Not Recommended,244160,20882636,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,szilellis,"There is a single reason i cannot reccomend this game. Dynamic difficulty. What is that?You have ships of total power 5, the next encounter has enemy ships of 7 power. You have total power 7? The encounter will be of power 9. You have 10 power? You go against enemy power 13. And so on. You always deal with a supreme force. A fleet equal to yours and somewhat better to counter the human brain superiority against CPU AI.The main supportive idea behind that is that you cannot focus on build a massive fleet and win by numbers. You have to use 'real strategy' and 'real tactics' to win. At least that is what they majority of fans are saying.Well i disagree. And the reason is simple. Firstly, i beat the game and without any save-load-try again stuff. Not a big deal, most players can do, if not they need some retries and that is all. Really, since when load and retry is a deep strategy and tactic?!?!On top of that, why build a lot of ships? The game does not count your stored resources for adjusting difficulty. You go with few ships, face few ships, build a few more and keep going. If that is strategy and tactic i am Napoleon.Not to mention the salvage corvette thing. Two corvette class ships can disable and salvage a frigate (and larger classes) but 2 combet class corvettes cannot take down a frigate. The salvage class ships would make sence if they salvage disabled or heavy damaged ships. This looks like a cheat to me and not a tactic.To make a long story short, do not build many ships, have 2-4-6 and so on salvage corvs, build few ships after the encounter has spawned and you are good for the entire game. Do not use your resources to build ships in advance before you hyperspace. 'To be prepared' obviously is not this game's motto. 'Play dead' is more like it.Nice experience from a view, i do not rememeber any other RTS punishing the hard prepared folks."
76561198174024743,Recommended,244160,14656324,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Σ | Telchar,"When I was a little kid, like 6 I remember my older brother playing the original version. (He was 16) it looked so fun but he said it was to complicated for me and i forgot about it. Well My brother passed away a year ago at the age of 27 from cancer. I'm 19  and Now I have this game and when i Play it, it amazes me. It's such a great game, and i've had lots of fun with it, and part of me just thinks, boy he would love to play this remastered version and maybe we couldve played it together and just had a blast. But I really recommend the game, it's very fun and I will have a blast with it."
,Not Recommended,244160,14694796,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Reventian,Who the ♥♥♥♥ designed the asteroid mission...
76561197970866188,Recommended,244160,14651627,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,The Maddog,"The good:Using a Win 7 gaming rig, the game looks gorgeous, plays exactly as the old games did and I'm having ZERO issues (so far). Exactly what Homeworld should be.The bad:At launch point there seems to be a few complaints in the forums that Win 8 and higher machines are having issues of various types and certain bits of high end hardware are causing issues. I'm sure these problems will be patched asap but it is noteworthy if you are using newer PCs. In short, maybe hold off a little till it's patched.Personally I could not be happier with the game. Gearbox delivered and hopefully they rebuild Homeworld into the game series it deserved to be, It's certainly gives me hope that more classic games will be picked up and remastered for the modern gamer (such as xwing + tie fighter titles)."
,Recommended,244160,14655389,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,pHeNeks,"I've been a huge RTS fan for the longest time, since I was but a mere child. I played Empire Earth, Age of Empires, Sins of a Solar Empire, the original Starcraft and, last but not least, Homeworld 1 & 2 and Cataclysm. I adore these types of games. I live, breathe these types of games, but recently there has been such a drought of RTS games, except the phenomenal Grey Goo. But here, here we have it; the pinnicale of the past; one of the greatest games remastered and available on a digital platform. I can only exclaim, YES.Now, that my rant is over. I wanna name a few of my favorite aspects of Homeworld. Firstly, the music is to die for. It's glorious, epic, space ambient music with new age singing overlapping. As a huge fan of music, but mostly of metal, I can say this OST rivals many classics. The visuals are another strong point, there's something to be said about a game that can make spaceships docking into a hull fun to look at and experience, and the awesome ""focus"" feature which allows you to zoom in to see battles close up. The style/aesthetic is another fantastic point, sci-fi RTS games are rare but this one is easily one of the best. Most of all, though, I love the story. The story is a breathtaking space opera of epic proportions, it offers questions and makes an imagination run wild, it makes you sad and unkempt, but picks you right back up more hopeful than ever. It's a rollercoaster.This version isn't complete yet, though, since bugs are rather rampant. I hope Gearbox takes heed and fixes 'em but be warned, this game still has some problems/glitches. I will omit this paragraph as soon as these are fixed.That said, BRB, gonna relive my childhood."
,Recommended,244160,14654353,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Elusive,"Worth every penny. These games are timeless, and are a true treat for anyone who has never played them before and are a fan of the RTS genre."
,Recommended,244160,14652471,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,IamDalv,"An unexpected example of a remake done right, other companies should take notes.The game looks beautiful, it runs great on low-end systems too, lower than the minimum specified specs.They are rewritting the multiplayer code as BETA goes, which means it will be less and less laggy, it's already much better compared to originals.There is workshop support.You also have the original versions included working on modern O/S if you are truly nostalgic.I think it's useless to further comment about what this game is and how it plays, since we all played it years ago already.Totally worth the price. You should buy it already."
76561198041220855,Recommended,244160,14651828,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,|GBL|Overlord,"Oh yeah! ""The Mothership is standing by.""After all this time, to play this masterpeace once more, and in HD!This is the RTS space game, nothing has come even close to it(in my honest opinion). It's simplicity and complexity, atmosphere, brilliant story, and a work of art immersive soundtrack!But I feel we are missing 2 things:1. Homeworld Cataclysm2. Official soundtrackWhere are they?! Give us everything! O_OStill, even without these two gaps in my soul :P ... I highly recommend Homeworld Remastered Collection to you guys like me who played the original game back in 1999. and new players alike"
,Recommended,244160,18935692,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,theDemolisher13,"Really fun Blanced Game. The game as it stands currently looks great, easy to learn and just all around fun to play with your friends or to changllege yourself. But some of the con's are once one side or the other really gets a supeiror fleet up it ends up being a snowball effect unless you are good with hitting them where they don't expect it or if you have a friend to back you up. Also the game really acts like a rock, paper, sissors game with the fact that each ship class is good against other ship classes. But don't let that get you down about the game, it is still a load of fun to play and the more people we get the more people we will have to mod the living H out of it to make the game even better. I hope this review was helpful and if not please let me know why not so I can improve my reviews.Please note I like to write reviews that are short and straight to the point."
76561198043105166,Recommended,244160,14653433,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,FrankyBG,One of my All time favorite games.The best RTS in space till now since 1998.Gearbox had done amasing job.I still can't figure how to play campaign with Taidan Mothership ... :(Strongly recomend it.
,Recommended,244160,14653513,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,[beerstarter.at]Kobebeaver,"Amazing, it is as pretty as i remembered the old one ;)"
,Recommended,244160,14653539,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,MoD,Stunning just ♥♥♥♥ing stunning this is what a HD Remaster should be
76561198006654681,Recommended,244160,14653457,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,evilaciduk,"A nice remake, I played the original ones back in the days and this is ... well exactly how it was before, no DLC, no BS no money grabbing rubbish... recommended for veterans as well as new players who fancy a cool space 3D tactic game!! Yes I only played 3h only but it is great fun!!"
76561197976997076,Not Recommended,244160,19387665,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,IamThe Walrus,"I bought this when it was in the Autumn sale, hoping for a better, more up-to-date experience than the original. Both the remastered and original versions are included. The graphics are indeed very good but then it goes downhill...The audio (music) is very similar but some of the voices have been altered - I prefer the originals. On my original PC this pushed the limits performance-wise so I was pleased when I could now push everything up to 11 - and it all worked well (only occasional crashes).But what has utterly ruined it is the interface. It's clunky, some of the key combinations dont work when they are supposed to, the key bindings have changed from the original game - and some of them cant be re-assigned.Coupled with the lack of *Military (the default) ship formation for setting up squadrons, this makes it sooo hard to play and keep track of everything. I gave up after a couple of hours and got my money back (thanks to the Steam refund policy).I'f you've never played Homeworld you may like it and you would accept it as it is, not knowing any better. Unfortunately if you remember the original as fondly as I do then you are likely to be dissapointed.*You can get the Military formation by docking then re-launching all your ships immediately - but its a faff."
76561198038035580,Recommended,244160,16966669,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Scoutthomson,easily one of the best rts games ever made
76561198209139139,Recommended,244160,19734497,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,davidhut1977,Brilliant game
,Not Recommended,244160,14909741,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Kurayami,TLDR this is Homeworld 2 remastered with new graphics AND bugs + Homeworld 2 remastered: Homeworld 1 MOD with even more bugs and overall sloppy work. Is it worth it? Maybe but not for a full price and not before some major patch.
76561198072311939,Recommended,244160,34618804,Posted: 30 August,all,Patrick Star,"In general, I enjoy it. It's a fun and a pretty simple game to me!"
76561198038655995,Not Recommended,244160,23641227,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,CovetingKnight,No difficutly setting?
76561198078894657,Not Recommended,244160,24139841,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,thomas.sames,"After falling in love with the original game, I jumped at this when it became availible.  The redesigned interface and beautiful storyline and game engine is such a joy.  I played a few missions from the single player campaign and heard there were a lot of bugs (I bought it day one) that I put it away and played other games until I was told by some friends when it had been fixed.Well, I reloaded this game a week ago and wow, what a difference.  Totally a train wreck of a game now.  The game 'dynamically' creates an enemy that will just curb stomp you no matter how well you build up.  The more you build up, the worse the enemy force will attack you.  Players have few choices now on how to approach the enemy.  This current game (single player campaign) is horrible.  Only one tactic can be used, you have to 'steal' as many of the higher end ships in order to win the objective.  Rubbish game now and stupid design since you can not adjust the difficulty even if you just want to 'learn' this, now lame, game.What a shame, the story is what made this game great.  If you prevent new players from experience it, you might as well close the store.Avoid this game like the palague..."
,Recommended,244160,17162049,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,King Andronikos,"The only thing that could honestly make this collectioin better is if it included Cataclysm.  This collection is a masterpiece, the updated visuals are breathtakingly beautiful, and the new interface makes Homeworld more intuitive than ever before."
76561198012236117,Not Recommended,244160,14711871,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,omega sabezan,"i'm having a serious problem with launching the story. it keeps crashing and closing out the game anytime i try to start the game. i launch homewolrd 2 i have no problems, but the first just will not cooperate. i've played with the resolution settings, i've even uninstalled and reinstalled. is anyone else having this problem? or am i isolated in this?"
,Recommended,244160,14661795,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,kazaamjt,"They stayed true to the originals in almost all the good ways.This does not feel like a lazy HD update like we're getting to often these days, instead it's a tribute to what the original was.By far the best Space RTS ever made (in my opinion).I can only recomend this game to anyone who is into space games.(PS: I have all the graphics turned up to max and have not crashed at all)"
76561198027363317,Recommended,244160,14662941,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,skeleton prime,they done a good job updating this game and remastering it love it
,Recommended,244160,14664129,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Coffin Punch,"Not only is this one of the best games ever made, this IS the best HD remaster to date. It is apparent that those who worked on the Remastered Collection have a true love for the Homeworld franchise. If you have never played Homeworld, do yourself a favor and buy this game. If you have played Homeworld, do yourself a favor and buy this game."
,Recommended,244160,14659391,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Gambol,"I'm only a few hours in, but wow.I never played the originals, despite being 31 years old and owning an extensive collection of games in all genres. Somehow, this series completely passed me by.After two solid hours of playing the remastered version of the first game, I am in love. The UI and controls are intuitive and smart, and the game systems are rock solid. To anyone in my situation contemplating whether or not this is worth the money, I'd say go for it.What truly makes this stand out to me is that it feels like a space opera. The story has grabbed me right from the get-go, and the immersion is like nothing I've ever experienced before. What really does it, in my view, is that with each new mission/objective, you keep your fleet and resources throughout the campaign. I don't know of another RTS game which does this anywhere near as well.The game feels like a journey home, and reminds me of the (later) 2006 series, Battlestar Galactica. It's fantastically written, the soundtrack is incredible and the world feels gigantic.Probably the best <£30 game I have bought in years.Very, very highly recommended."
,Recommended,244160,14662431,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,xplodingplastix,"loved this game ever since its first classic release. nostalgic space war at its finest. wished so many other space wars genres games out there to be nice qualities as these.few bugs:-crashed when it seems the game need to process more HD textures.-had steam crashed behind game (bcuz of HW) completed 10 missions with steam off = no achievement. so i have achievement for HWR mission 1-4, 14 by the time i wrote this.anyway 9/10!!"
,Recommended,244160,14658006,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Cody,Does justice to my fond memories of this game from when I was a child. Played through the first one so far and couldn't be happier with what the remastered edition has delivered. Ignore the end users that can't figure out how to get the game launched.
,Recommended,244160,19728256,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,THE BURRELLATER,"A fantastic remastering of a classic game. Graphical fidelity, UI, and mulitplayer have all been upgraded. Unquestionably worth the asking price."
76561198048046527,Recommended,244160,15282815,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,ETGAMER69,its a great improvement on an old title and its well worth the money
,Recommended,244160,19760767,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Guilherme D'ravem,"This game was a unique concept for a RTS or a mobile fleet as base, you don't make buildings, you make ships and can move or ""teleport"" you fleet around the map at your convenience, make an entire new word of RTS possibility there.Took long enough for this game get to Steam, but the Remastered edition is just great, a must have for any old Homeworld fans and a game that any RTS fan should try."
76561198040875618,Recommended,244160,19763883,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,RuNa | Gecko |,played it as a child and loved it.played it as an adult and loved it.
76561198030176685,Recommended,244160,16440586,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Kaustek,"Outstanding space strategy game.I'm not real big on scifi geared games, however this gem is too good not to pass up.Gorgeous visuals, intense space battles, and great mod support that allows many different reskins (Star Wars, Star Gate, Star Trek, BattleStar Galactica, etc.) all which improve the longevity of this title.I highly recommend this title."
76561198101081586,Recommended,244160,18806957,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Egg_Boy,"I love this game, however i wish ships would stay in formations like the orignals, instead of just scattering all over the place, and being able to make your own formations would be nice. Additionaly, i would love having something other than toilet paper as the armor for my ships! Other than that, one of my favs."
,Recommended,244160,20239117,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Flame-X,Remastered done right. Very impressive scale and immersive gameplay. Beautiful atmospheric scenery and feel. Thank you Gearbox for bringing back this wonderful piece of art.
76561198038401119,Recommended,244160,21044685,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Litledragon,game is very pretty. too bad about the lack of real multiplayer
,Recommended,244160,19881436,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,ANTIFA CEO (FURRY),"When I was a tiny child, all I could do was just play the original Homeworld, and I played it every day for hours on end. I finished the campaign maybe only twice, though. On account that I wasn't very good at strategy at the time. When I found out that they made a second game, I also quickly got that one, and played it just as much, although I was never able to finish it at the time. In time, I moved onto other games, and I have long since lost the disks for both of these games.Every once in a while, I would check up on the status of the IP for the Homeworld series and would always be disappointed when I saw that it was tossed between companies, never to have a third game in the series. However, once I found out that it ended up with Gearbox and that they were going to be doing a remaster, I was ecstatic. At the time, many people were upset with the fact that Gearbox, who don't have a very good reputation with games, ended up with the franchise. I found no reason to doubt how good it would be, though. They would have actually TRIED to ruin a legitimate remaster in order to make it bad.Once the game came out, I quickly pre-ordered, and discovered that it lived up to expectations. Some parts were lacking, including tactics and some balance issues with multiplayer (to be expected. it's still a beta!) but besides that, the rich story was all the same. It still holds the special place in my heart as my favorite game series ever, and I'm excited to see where Gearbox goes with this next (I'm so excited for Sands of Kharak.)tl;dr: This game is very good. Please buy it. It's truly a classic and its story is incredibly rich and I recommend it to everyone!"
76561198034347050,Recommended,244160,21123612,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,TheOrangeBox,Epic
76561198149021732,Recommended,244160,21277607,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,✪Hero-Shima,It Has a Better look from its older counter-part and is the best game I have played since The First Homeworld.
76561198124848893,Recommended,244160,21441243,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,day_walker5252,Miss these old games. Glad they brought new life to them
,Not Recommended,244160,17482778,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,iliekP3aches,"I loved the Homeworld games when I was younger, but unfortunately Gearbox ruined a lot with the remaster. Simple conviences such as hotkey repair has been removed, certain mechanics have been changed without changing actual stats so the gameplay is vastly different. I found fighters to be useless in HW1 remaster. Hop on reddit or another forum and see all the issues everyone who has played the past games has run into. Also Dynamic Difficulty is my biggest peeve. You are literally being punished for playing better. Might as well scrap your entire fleet before each mission. Visually the remaster is great, but I cannot recommend this game because of all the issues Gearbox brought in. It boggles my mind how they could make the interface and game mechanics ever LESS streamlined that the originals.EDIT 4/10/16: Devs seem to have just abandoned everything. Lots of false advertisement all around, terrible mod support. Almost everyone is having issues with getting mods to work correctly. Community might as well be dead."
,Recommended,244160,14655245,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Mopp,games great
76561198039699761,Recommended,244160,14658304,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Xile,"This game is absolutely amazing. If this had released in 2015 for the first time and not as a remaster you wouldnt ever know. The graphics are amazing, better than sins for sure. Watching turrets independently target different enemies is an epic sight. As for strategy, there is a lot more flexibility than traditional ground based RTS's. For instance in a multiplayer battle I played today, I immediately constructed a mobile refinery, and placed it where my mothership was. Then I proceeded to fly my mother ship straight up way out of sight, and then flew it over my enemies base and built up a massive fleet above them. They wiped out my resource collecting spot but I had already pumped out several Heavy Cruisers and had plenty of RU's to spare. Thinking I was done they fought my teammates. I then sent about 100 fighters,25 corvettes, 2HC's, some destroyers, and my frigates away from my mother ship and then descended on them in order to hide the true position of my ship. I completely wiped out one of the players, but by this time I was the last alive on my team and they searched endlessly for my position. Well...turns out one of my resource collectors survived and decided to return to base from across the map and through enemy territory but I didnt notice it. It was at this time, thinking I was safely hidden, I went to get a drink. I came back to see the resource collector being followed by an enemy fighter squadron right to my mothership. Shortly thereafter 3 enemy battlecruisers hyperspaced in, right next to it and quickly ended my existence in a glorious flash of light...But it was awesome. Buy this game!"
,Recommended,244160,14657345,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Ishman,"Find your home - and let NOTHING stop you.600,000 lives - the last of your people - are in your hands.Your birthworld is gone, the surface burned to ashes.You, Commander, are our are last, best hope.Hiigara, our home."
,Recommended,244160,19898058,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,1-800 VAPES,"Superb, if flawed, rerelease of one of the best RTS games I've ever played. Ambience is still as beautiful as ever."
,Recommended,244160,21070054,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Kyntal,"Liking the remastered game, interesting take on RTS look forward to playing some more."
,Recommended,244160,20591625,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,黄蜂,You people should get this game. Its good it was my childhood waaa
76561198009056584,Recommended,244160,20597572,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Cpt. Hadriel,"Played the game since the first one got out, played the hw2 when it got out, played them ♥♥♥♥ing always since than, played remastered, finaly bought it as well, will play it forever! First game i always install after i reinstall windows."
,Recommended,244160,19482635,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Nuclearzappa,Never played it before. Everyone said it was very good. The 3rd dimension for an RTS really makes the difference and now it is my new favourite RTS. The story is great for both 1 and 2.
,Recommended,244160,20653510,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,honelith,"Just like Homeworld 1 and 2 but prettier. A classic is brought back to todays standards and still outshines all other RTS games (imo). Amazing gameplay, top notch visuals, music and atmosphere and a great story. Worth every penny."
76561198070878152,Recommended,244160,19466202,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,BlackFang696,"I usd to love this game as a kid, and I was so happy to finally find it on steam. <3"
76561198094625204,Recommended,244160,19795218,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,hyrotek,"Didn't get it for awhile because of the reviews.  If they changed stuff, I didn't notice.  Although it has been so long after playing the original ones.  Had a blast playing it again on the big TV.  Anyways, It comes with the old ones too."
,Recommended,244160,14654260,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Werkea,"UPDATED REVIEWOK, I can now take back what was incomplete in those mission remakethey are now very very hardI enjoyed them as much as I did the first timeReally good work GEAREverything is thereEverything is what buyer expectI Love this remake, bring back memories also allow you to experience new thingsship explotion now added new resources in HM1 which is very thoughtfulHowever, the campaign is becoming too easy, I wish it was the origianlthere are few detials that are missing in the remake""Drives offline"" is gone when you try to move mothership in single playercarrier not attack in HW1 Remake level 4multi beam rotation is missingyou cannot force afftack...you cannot capture enemy swarmer....and HW2 remake.. theres only texture increaseand the planets are STILL PICTURES?!I am really really disappointed to see the last mission when the ATM bomb inpact planet, theres to change at the surface at allwaiting for new patches"
,Not Recommended,244160,18389252,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Permanent Marker,"Homeworld is a very niche game. If you like space battles and want to see the absolute best there is on offer from any game to be frank, you'd want this game.The actual game itself here is a bit of a rough diamond. The gameplay involves a spherical map where you can move your ships in basically any direction up or down as well as in the horizontal plane, which in theory would open up tactics and such. In practice, its mostly a minor annoyance, for all it is technically impressive. It is tactically useless, for the most part. You could the vast scope of the map, particularly its height to hide, but hiding is never practical to be honest - unless you're gimping yourself against the AI and carefully setting it up,  you're not making a battlestar galactica style comeback if you get smashed early on.The gameplay boils down to who has the best fleet and the best target acquisition.  You select everything, and send it into the fray all at the same time and then click the enemy to death. The aesthetics are really down to your taste but personally I hate the design of the HW2 ships pretty much across the board while the Kushan in HW1 are in the same boat as looking awful (fighters look like flying ice cream tubs)  the Taidann look far more convincing and the only ships I really enjoy looking at. The NPC races in the campaign look pretty atmospheric and fitting as well.The HW1 campaign is in the vein of traditional RTS games, where there are some missions with some absurd challenge that you need to try multiple times, which is a double edged sword but I think generally it works. It makes the game more interesting and about learning rather than turtling and then sending the biggest possible fleet at something. If you want the best experience, I'd never reload a save, (but you will spend hours waiting for resources to collect or fleets to build) and the reason for this is that with the gimmicky missions there's generally a key lesson that you'll learn or figure out on the first go, so the second attempt is really easy. In one mission, you'll find your small craft will almost always get wiped out due to overwhelming firepower. The solution is to just dock them in your carrier/mothership.Units carry over between missions. In the original game, this meant that if you spent hours waiting to collect all resources before moving on, you'd have a significant advantage in the next mission. In remastered, you get all resources all over the map at the start of the next mission. There's a clear reason why Gearbox has made this change but it makes the last few levels♥♥♥♥♥♥easy.The last 2-3 missions stop being unique like this and essentially become move and attack fests where you move your death fleet across the map and slowly destroy everything. The enemy fleets don't scale well to your own superfleet that is carried between missions and just about the most challenging large fleet action is in one later mission  where you effectively have to leave a small force of  capital ships behind to defend your mothership from flankers while you win the mission.HW2's campaign is better designed such that a few of these problems are less significant or non-existent. The difficulty is more consistent throughout unlike in the first game where the difficulty is far worse at the beginning of the campaign. The story elements in both games aren't anything overwhelmingly special but are pretty decent and get the job done.In terms of the remastered elements, Gearbox didn't totally screw it up, but they did do a pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥poor job. If, like me, you have a fairly new AMD card with the latest drivers, you can't play either of the classic games as they will instantly CTD on launch. This issue has been around for several months and hasn't been fixed, and likely won't ever be fixed.  One graphical issue I've seen involves ships becoming completely see-through. This has been around since release and hasn't been fixed definitively, though there is a solution - its as overwhelming basic as changing the properties on the HW shortcut, so its pretty pathetic that its still around. In terms of campaign bugs, some missions or objectives fail to complete and particularly the infamous asteroid mission has artificial difficulty stemming from the stupidity of the pathfinding AI literally flying into rocks, and the long pause between being able to target split up asteroids.One of the main reasons you may want to get it is because of the brilliant mods made for classic that are being ported to remastered (though extremely slowly - none of the major ones have yet made the transition) that literally serve to make Homeworld a platform for simulating any space warfare universe imaginable. There's Freespace 2, Halo, BSG, Star Wars, Star Trek, even Wing Commander amongst other things.I'd say the game is still worth getting on sale, even despite all these faults. There is a net gain in enjoyment from playing this game, though be warned if you have an AMD card.I'd give the game about a 7/10 on a scale where 5 is *the* average game, and not an ""average game""."
76561198133065075,Recommended,244160,14686139,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Destr0yer464,It soo good it make me wet 10/10 such wow
,Recommended,244160,17172173,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Unit2209,"One of the best games out there. Great story, engrossing world, fun gameplay, amazing visuals. A must have for anyone who enjoys real time strategy and easy for new players to get into. This package of both Homeworld 1 & 2 is more than worth the pricetag of $34.99."
76561198028487549,Not Recommended,244160,18253842,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Pip,"An old favorite of mine. The updated graphics made my mouth water, the outdated UI and controls made me spit in disgrace. This is not a remastered collection, it is simply reskinned. Also the mulitplayer is still in beta (september 2015)."
76561198110012916,Recommended,244160,29952669,Posted: 15 February,all,grimrist,The Definitive Space Fleet 3D RTS
,Recommended,244160,14653374,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,anakin736,"Well what can I say about this that hasn't already been said but really it is something that is out of the world. For I remember playing the Classic Homeworld when it first came out and seeing it redone was just plain awesome. The new graphics and such are great. Seeing the old Mothership 01 redone was great. Seeing the old Classic ships redone was great. While I have yet to finish the Campaigns of either of the games I do admit I am looking forword to playing them in the near future for it shall be a treat.That said, there are some issues that I have with the game:No Time Compression therefore those long after mission resource gathering bits are quite boring.I actually liked the old Classic Manager Screens but that is not really a large issue and I can get use to it in time I am just a fan of the old screens.Scuttle can be used with one click of the hotkey or the UI Button on screen. I have lost a couple ships this way by missclicking which included the Mothership which was quite a shock for I was in the middle of a battle and suddenly I scuttled the Mothership. I want the old double-click scuttle back so this doesn't happen.The Campaign After-Mission Hyperspace UI Button is in the freaking middle of the screen. I would like to have it somewhere else in the UI so I can do final after-mission stuff like finishing harvesting and construction or researh before I head on to the next mission.No Raider Attack Mission, which if I rememeber right was supposed to be included with the Remastered Campaign but apparently I don't see it.Anyhow, this game is great coming back from the grave and I shall see about going on to finish the Campaigns in the day ahead. Thanks gearbox for bringing back these great games. Now get to work on Homeworld 3 or the Shipbreakers game.EDIT:Alright I am♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ I just realized a couple things while playing the game which really made me get a bit upset. First of all in HW1 Remastered you cannot fully capture ships. You can grab them with your Salvage Corvettes and take them back to the Mothership. HOWEVER, they do not come back out under your control. Instead it looks like you get RUs in exchange. This is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t! The one major fun part of the original HW1 game was going out and capturing enemy ships before using them against your enemies. Now you changed it! What...the...Heck!Gah! If that isn't enough the damn Formations are wacked up. I tried to put my Fighters and Corvettes into a Sphere Formation to Guard a Salvage Corvette in Mission Two like I normally do when I am playing the original game. However the escortings craft don't even do a sphere around the darn Corvette like they are supposed too! I almost lost my Salvage Corvette because the damn escorts were too busy dogfighting enemy craft then protecting my poor Salvage Corvette. Then there is the Repair Corvette which in the original game you could have it guarding a couple ships where it can heal its charges in the thick of battle. However this can only be used on one ship. What in the world is going on here! Gah!!Thanks alot Gearbox!!"
,Recommended,244160,14686852,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Bo Neslek,good
,Recommended,244160,14662765,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Mattsville,Tried to kill 3 Destroyers with nothing but 20 scouts.Watched my whole fleet burn & explode seconds later in full 1080p glory.11/10 - Would explode fleet again
76561198170497787,Recommended,244160,17369405,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,fohamer109,i am loveing this game!
76561197990988721,Recommended,244160,17256232,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Rio,Not as good as the original but still a worthwhile attempt to bring back a all time classic RTS
,Recommended,244160,17166550,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Chief Circumciser,"very fun 0/10 would play againNot joking this game is very fun 9/10, Regular homeworld 1 squadrons need work though."
76561198056080328,Recommended,244160,17151198,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Sharkyote,I've been wanting to play this on a next -gen rig since I played the original release......I feel fulfilled.
,Recommended,244160,17182353,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Lemonjello,I absolutley recommend this game I love it to pieces and then some i dont know enough to say it has a good story about it or anything so i'll just say: its ♥♥♥♥ing good.
76561197984942939,Not Recommended,244160,19885542,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Noctosaurus,Doesn't have invert mouse axis. Unplayable if you're used to that.
,Recommended,244160,14664175,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Phi π,I love it. I can play this classic masterpiece again. thx u gearbox.
,Not Recommended,244160,18315962,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Fabricio27,"No I happened, recently when I go either to the campaign, or play with a multiplayer mod is closed or the screen is scratched, when before I was going perfectly."
76561197964428568,Recommended,244160,17160301,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,sly0ns,This game gave me the best raging boner I have ever had.
,Recommended,244160,24605012,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,ProfessorBEAN,I play this game a lot and really love it but it keeps crashing on my Mac and sometimes the Movies for the campaign freeze and its getting annoying
,Recommended,244160,14714111,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Asuvent,"I wholly recommend this to anyone new to the Homeworld series, hoping to play Homeworld 2 with a new coat of paint, or just want something different from the normal RTS we have nowadays. It is a wonderful remaster that has brought this timeless classic back into modern gaming. It has a wonderful campaign that is a moving space opera that urges you to keep playing. Do keep in mind that as of this review, the multiplayer is in BETA. I would buy this for the campaign rather than the multiplayer, but it is indeed worth the price.However if you played Homeworld 1 and you're buying this for a remastered version of the original, they have changed some things (HW2 UI, no fuel management, scaled enemies based on your force in the campaign, no Yes song in the ending) but it is still an extremely enjoyable experience. Even if you don't like the remaster, you still get the originals in this collection to play to your hearts content. The originals packed in this collection are exactly the same as the ones you would buy in the box 15 years ago.Thank you Gearbox from the bottom of my heart for making this happen."
,Recommended,244160,14715403,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Lewd rabbit,"Homeworld is burning.Been a long time since Relic first made this game back in the late 90s. With Gearbox doing the remastered collection it is a mixed feeling. First it's a bit better graphics on an old game, not too bad. That's about it, the voices in the remastered aren't really great, kind of lacking the emotion, the voice actors try but never really gets it quite right. Still has lots of the bugs of the old game, but it is playable. If you are an old homeworld fan you will be slightly disapproving, though the orignal copies of the game are included.With the modders out there is hope to at least transfer the old voices and cutscenes to the remastered version.4/5 cats sleeping."
76561198174619255,Recommended,244160,16760776,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Kara L Burnett,"The game  is filled with action, stimulation, and over all a wonderful exsperience!you wont leave this game un-satisfied at all.   wonderfuly remasterd/ and Great for playing.  well worth the money.!if you are new to "" Homeworld""  When you download the game, it gives you a tutorial, on how to play <3"
76561197970427363,Recommended,244160,14659227,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Cormac,"This reminds me how well made games can be.  The gameplay stands up well to the test of time and is still as enjoyable and clever as ever.  The graphics are very good and the improvements really suit thins kind of game, with much more detailed textures and higher resolutions.Downsides- well only 2 so far. A minor crashing bug has hit me twice.  And sometimes I will need to stop playing to go and eat.Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,244160,14660110,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,LunasRiley,"Homewolrd was on of those games where you either loved it or hated it.From my personal experience with the game, I really love it, had to really drag myself away from it at 2am this morning to et some rest for work later today.The game being re-mastered has managed to keep is atmosphere and environment, the story really pulls you in. Multitasking and designating your squads to defend carriers as well sending other squads to deal with the enemy carriers while you continuously harvest more resources and research. There is so much going on.The ui is slightly different, personally I liked the old UI but this new UI all it takes is getting used to.The PVP part of the game is where I think it will really make or break the game for the future. Personally I like the hyperdrive element brings in so many strategies like a decoy attack to the front of an enemy base while your team mate hyperdrives behind the enemy base and nukes.This game is awesome, if your in to RTS even as a solo player I would defo recommended it, the skirmishes against the CPU can be quite fun as well if you don’t like PVP."
76561198061005991,Recommended,244160,14661204,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Mr Skeltal,If you love RTS games this is something for you! C:
76561198008149534,Recommended,244160,14661527,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,SlacK CaT,Homeworld Remastered Collection?You will never find another space RTS like this ever.Beautiful graphics and dynamic gameplay make this one awesome.In-game detailed 3D ships and space scenery are out of this world.The remake of Homeworld is probablly the best RTS you will ever play.Heres a big F*** You to the Devs for making this game too hard....Still an awesome game though....Highly Recommended9.1/10 stars
76561198024264548,Recommended,244160,14661812,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,PetrolHanddler,"It is HOMEWORLD!it feels and keeps it's act together, i have been reinstaling for 3 occasions homeworld to remember how good the game was, and now that it has been remastered i can say it's Gorgeuse! the level in detail and the space backgrounds are just amazing! my only complaint for the first Homeworld is the UI, i never liked the HW2 UI, and it would have been great to see the original UI overhauled rather than Replaced with the HW2 UI, and the weird thing is that the formations are not being kept."
76561198007999150,Recommended,244160,14662002,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Bossanii,Truely remastered game. Every thing is better. I love you gearbox!!!10/10
76561197970220881,Recommended,244160,14655901,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Kontraxe,"Son. I am dissapoint.Its okay, the textures are gorgeous but silly bugs make it lackluster. Funny exemple : I am saving my first campain. I press the save button. Error message! The save name cannot contain certain characters... that are part of the default save file name! Wow.Other exemple, the display goes FUBAR on triple monitor 5700/1080.So, yeah, I recommend this classic and it looks and feels gorgeous.But given all the bugs, i'd say its worth 20 bucks at best."
76561198047412913,Recommended,244160,14658844,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Mahavir,My balls are too sore I can't fap to this game anymore 11/10
76561197970910841,Recommended,244160,14661561,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Falaris,"Rose tinted glasses is a risk with the 'golden oldies'. Homeworld was a fantastic game back in the day, and to get that out of the way immediately: It still is.So, I recommend the game. But it is worth knowing ahead of buying that it is not a perfect game. It looks like a 2015 game. The game doesn't play like it, though. The campaign has a great story, but it has an unforgiving side and as your fleet stays with you throughout the game, it can be punishing or require loading. In that regard it's quite 'oldschool'. That is not necessarily bad - or good - but is something you should be aware of.As for the multiplayer, there's some region limiting that can be worked around, but you don't get more epic space battles than multiplayer Homeworld. Nothing even compares.I note that a lot mention bugs. I haven't run into any, for what it's worth."
,Recommended,244160,14652235,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Liam BuddyGames,Do I recommend this game? HELL YES I DO! Its great to be back into Homeworld with fancy new graphics and upgraded UI. This is a must have for RTS's for the oldies who had the original and to the newcomers to the series! Im not sure why some people are saying they have taken away the campaign modes as I have them there and ready to play???? anyways enjoy this beatiful game!
,Recommended,244160,14655516,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Devo/SacrificialAnxiety,"it's glorious, it's amazing, it's perfect.with the updated graphics it looks and feels like you THINK it did in 1999.i nearly cried during the intro.  10000000000000/10, will play forever."
,Recommended,244160,14658227,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Fleet Commander Ramzan S'jet,"Sublime, gorgeous, majestic, epic - all of these terms aptly describe Homeworld.In this real-time starfleet combat strategy series you play as a spacefaring people in seach of their ancestral home planet, pursued by a merciless empire.Throughout your journey across the galaxy you encounter friends, foes, ancient alien artifacts, and the lost histories of your people.This is the most comprehensive remaster I've seen by far, and no series is more deserving of it than Homeworld."
76561198015600824,Recommended,244160,14659049,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Ripples,"16 years later, all grown up now, saw this, felt like 14 again.Favorite PC Game ever."
,Recommended,244160,14659652,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,IvanEBC,"Thank You GearboxIts beautiful ... and the subwoofer is working hard - it's a dream come true.A mate i multiplayed this with Died Xmas 1999 and he missed the opportunity to play this new version, but the memoies that flooded back.... wonderful. It's a good time to be around to witness the rebirth of a legend."
,Recommended,244160,14661891,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Adam,The greatest RTS of all time.
,Recommended,244160,14661918,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Wintersturm,"The AI did a hyperspace jump behind my battlegroup, boarded my newly-constructed battlecruiser, and used that battlecruiser to destroy my flagship before I could retaliate.10/10"
,Recommended,244160,14662024,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,TexZen,"This is a VERY FAITHFUL HD remastering of the original Homeworld & Homeworld 2.  Looks incredible, plays well, is everything I loved about the original releases from 99 & 200/1-ish time frame with updated graphics for modern systems.  It's made even better by the inclusion of the classic/original releases as well.  This collection is well worth 35 bones on Steam.HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!"
,Recommended,244160,14662081,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,FourEyedGeek,"I loved the games on their original release, Gearbox has done the Relic developers proud."
,Recommended,244160,14662160,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Turain,"It looks beautiful, the gameplay is still incredible even so many years later, and the story still grabs your attention every step of the way. A great remastering of an amazing game."
76561198030724261,Recommended,244160,14668170,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,FR33THNK3R,"Great game, but there bugs with the salvage corvettes trying to capture ships. 9/10 though. It's challenging."
,Recommended,244160,14662788,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,TheAmazingLeech,"What can I say? I first encountered the Homeworld Series back in 2006 when I was out in Boston for a month with nothing to do. Standing in ""Comp-USA"" I wondered if I could play what seemed like this ulimatly, beautiful game on my laptop that was even a few years behind on it's own.Luckily, it did fine with it.This started a game I played religiously as much as I could. The beautiful space-scapes, entrancing music, and full sound for it's time where amazing.Homeworld: Remastered Collection honors everything I loved about the game and brings it to the table with new, updated graphics and all in one glorious package. While I've only gotten a few hours in now since launch, all of it has been worth it so far.If my opinion changes I will update this review, but for now, I am happy, and I am greatful that I can finally play this amazing game once more."
76561198000007706,Recommended,244160,14651964,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,cridgit001,"I played HW2 back in 2005.  I actually still have the CD and jewel case.  Now to see it so beautifully redone, glorious."
76561197995680609,Recommended,244160,14657018,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,echo2361,An old masterpiece beautifully remastered :)
,Recommended,244160,14658766,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Take Me To Gunch,The menu buttons still make the same boop when you click them 20/10 GOTY every year all years
,Recommended,244160,14662186,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,fried rice,"Same awesome game, just looks better"
76561198034435087,Recommended,244160,29863478,Posted: 11 February,all,Thoros of Myr,I love this game.
,Recommended,244160,14682798,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,weeab0ss,"You should be playing this. There is no question.This is the pinnacle of space RTS. If you didn't play the first one in 1999. Now is your chance. The UI is on the smaller size for higher res monitor but if you play enough. You'll know.Don't run this game with MSI Afterburner or you will get weird graphic glitches.And yes, it work with 3440x1440 and crossfire.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=399063460"
76561198259959653,Recommended,244160,21803257,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,The Emperor Hyperion,I have always loved Homeworld 2. This Remastered version is exactly what I needed nowadays. Now I can enjoy HW1 story as well with Hi quality. Maximum points. This is a must for every space battle fan. And it runs with my integrated Intel HD 4600 graphics card smoothly. One of the best games in the world in my opinion.
76561198022374596,Recommended,244160,16577648,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Cpt Sanders,A truly wonderful game for those looking for an RTS in which you build a horde of spaceships to the plough into an enemy horde of ships in a massive array of colours and blinding lasers!
76561197967591599,Recommended,244160,16432318,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,m0op0o_hjj,"Sweet! so far only one game stopping bug (the mission 10 one)  and 2 crash to desktops!May sound bad but very small price to pay for a useable shiny Homeworld and Homeworld 2.I mean come on, Space Opera time."
,Recommended,244160,17183177,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Alkiryas,"I never played the originals (back then) but i heard so much about them, tried to play the 1999 version and i simply couldnt, when i heard they were making a remake i followed the news until release when i patiently waited for a good discount before jumping in, my experiences are as follows:Homeworld 1 RemasteredThe gamePlay the tutorial, dont jump in recklessly. 3D movement is iffy, formations are useless-ish. The game looks beautiful and the intro missions really encourage you to continue on your quest. The balance of this game is off, leaning towards a mass of ion cannon frigates, destroyers and heavy cruisers. Hard counters are not hard enough, specially when facing a mass of fighters in one of the missions or several ion cannon frigates in another mission. It boils down to ""can i outgun you before you destroy me?"" with ion cannon frigates. The automatic balance worked very strangely during my run, giving me two very easy final missions. The AI can be wonky ni your favor or against you, some units may stay put, some will follow a single probe to infinity and beyond or sometime you may be relentlessly attacked, also movement in this game and the next takes time and theres no time compression. All in all if you played old time RTS like command and conquer (the first one) you should be fine with the interface and controls.Story and soundThe story has a good start a sluggish middle chapter and a fantastic resolution even thou the final battle itself is not that epic, i was enthralled at the start almost quit playing at mission 10 when a game breaking bug ocurred but pushed on to Mission 11 where stuff happens and it was one wild ride to the end. The voice acting is monotonous as it was on the first original game, i feel some of the ""feels"" were lost when no emotions are shown by the different voice actors with the exception of the mothership which is a ""machine"". Finally the soundtrack that really grabbed me in the entire game was the Homeworld version of Adagio for Strings that really enhances the scenes it is played on.Conclusion for Homeworld 1 RemasteredBear with the mechanics, enjoy the story, bask in the glow of ion cannons! Also someone needs to slow down those support frigates....Homeworld 2 RemasteredThe gameIf you played the first then the second uses the exact same mechanics but balances out some of the problems of the first game, small crafts comes in squadrons and fighters and bombers remain viable to the end game (mostly fighters). Ion cannon frigates are now for the most past useless-ish unless you can hide them properly behind destroyers and battleships. Formations are still broken, you need to macro manage your ship classes to prevent your corvettes or frigates form making contact with the enemy before your bigger ships which would result in the complete anhilation of your smaller craft. 3D movement is still wonky and the AI can be..how can i put this?...dense, for example in one of the missions you are tasked with destroying a ship, in the map theres another ship reinforcing or producing more units but these units stayed put until i destroyed the objetive and won the mission, so i felt no pressue. I did enjoy the tactical aspect more as i had to carefully position my ships to pull and counter the attacks during several missions. Small cradt counters work better now and capital ships can take move hits unlike Homeworld 1 were a few ion cannon frigates would melt a heavy cruiser or destroyer in seconds. In the end the balanced reamained in the capital ships and fighters craft to defend them.Story and soundThe story is much better told and presented, the soundtrack introduced songs with different rhythms like the one during the ""boss"" fights. The voice acting remains monotonous but the cast is more diverse this time around, still some of the ""feels"" are lost due to the voices.Conclusion for Homeworld 2 RemasteredBear with the interface (again), enjoy the story, enjoy the music, enjoy using tactics to engage some enemies."
76561198008001676,Recommended,244160,21422923,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Pelennor,"Great scenario, epic soundtrack, amazing artistic design and a unique gameplay.A fambous game: we want Homeworld 3 !!!10/10"
76561197998182186,Recommended,244160,21488093,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Elethio - Pixeljudge.com,Still Breathtaking
,Recommended,244160,14653156,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Obi,"When I was around 14 or so, I remember heading to a friend's house where he and his brothers had a number of gaming PCs set up, all networked in and online. We would play Everquest, Counterstrike, and a number of other games into the wee hours of the morning. There was one game there that stood out to me; that game was Homeworld.Homeworld is an amazing game. A journey through both an amazing, emotional story and wonderful gameplay. The score is driving, the visuals are breathtaking, and the whole experience is awesome.If you played this game at original release, then I'm sure you remember the first time loading it up, hearing Samuel Barber's Angus Dei and seeing the Mothership. I know you can recall the emotion felt when the fleet returns to Kharak only to find it burning under an enemy assault. Countless memories flood forth from the mere mention of this cult jewel. Why it wasn't more popular at the time, I will never know.A friend and I would play this title over Gameranger. We did for a good many years, actually. We would always joke about them doing an updated version of the game (if not a HW 3)...well, those jokes have become a reality. An awesome reality.If you're a fan of the original, or curious about this game...I say go for it. It is worth every penny.If you are new to the game, I envy you....you're about to take an amazing journey on your way home."
76561198023500039,Recommended,244160,15320084,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Agent Morgan,This is awesome game! I own the original homeworld 1 and 2 from time when I got win98 and this is even better. I recommend buying this.
,Recommended,244160,16612165,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,calibrojosh10,"What I liked:3D space RTS ( no other game does this well or at all)Captures the theme of space to a nice degree ( think 2001 space odyssey if it was a game)The balance of the game ( advanced rock paper scissors style)The soundtrack has some great relaxing tribal instrumental musicYour fleet carries from beginning to end(no other game does this, why haven't they it's so cool)What You Need to Know:Played this when I was a kid( but this review is not biased because of nostalgia)Game is very slow paced and story isn't strong at all ( big maps don't help this either)No branching tech tree, just simple upgrades to new techFlanking is real in this game, 3D flanking broThis game is so easy to understand, and isn't like a 4X stratergy gameAll units have counters, it's not asymmetricMy Score:A+Paid: $14HW 1 completed in:  11 hoursHW 2 completed in:  8 hoursGames similar:Supreme CommanderStar Wars Empire at WarShallow SpaceImprovements and Changes in the sequelGame speed is way faster as units move fasterSquadrons are now used for anything smaller than a frigate ( makes game easier to manage, and more epic)You use boarding ships to capture and some units gain abilities that gets rid of some shipsYou get a villian now, but the mission designs to me are just kill everything on map, ( less unknown suprises )Research and upgrading is improved with small upgrades every ship, instead of just tech upgrades to unlock new shipsI know the first game is very slow, if you don't like it. Just skip it and go to the second one.You don't want to miss the best space RTS do you"
,Recommended,244160,21438798,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Vienticus Prime,"If you've never played Homeworld before, you're missing out on one of the greatest RTS games with a great story."
,Recommended,244160,21618044,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,UltimateTobi,"If you like tactics-based space RTS then you've come to the right game.While, for example, Sins Of A Solar Empire is rather static in its design, Homeworld is quite dynamic, with hits and misses of projectiles and lasers (weapons in general), and depth as to what to hit on a specific ship (engines, docks, etc).You notice Relic had its hands on this game; bear Company Of Heroes in mind.Recommended!"
76561197960334705,Recommended,244160,25312607,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Slippery Jack,"Love Homeoworld, game atmosphere is great, controls and visuals - amazing.Want it on HTC VIVE , so I can be in the middle of the action."
76561198059670126,Recommended,244160,25316192,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,bigkev411,My cousin turned me on to Homeworld and I never stopped playing it!! This game is the best hands down.
76561198175468729,Recommended,244160,20426263,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Blue_The_Trainer,i can't play classics
,Recommended,244160,17869419,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Azzonk,"As someone who has never played any of the original Homeworld games, I can't comment on the changes made and if they are bad or good. That said, this game is amazing!Stunning models and graphics, great story and cut-scenes, and easy to learn controls are just the tip of the iceberg.  The skirmish mode lets you play with huge fleets in large scale wars which is a blast. The great mods being uploaded to the Steam Workshop only enhance that experience.While some people, probably most of the veteran players, dislike that both games in the collection (HW1 and HW2) are built in the HW2 engine, as a newcomer to Homeworld, I felt it made the whole experience more intuitive.  The transition between the two games was easy as it all felt the same. Two seperate engines might has disrupted the flow as players who just got accustomed to HW1's engine would now have to figure out the small changes made in HW2 and force a change in their mindset.All in all, an amazing, amazing game. I highly recommend!Can't wait for Homeworld 3! :)"
76561197994897424,Recommended,244160,19859669,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,The Church of Flarisu,"Not much can be said - if you're an old game and played Homeworld in the past, you'll love how much this game has improved. This is a remastering that actually adds considerable quality to the game.Add to that that the game's single player, originally, was fantastic, and that all the best parts of Homeworld 1 and 2 have remained since then, then this is an auto-buy if you ever played or liked the originals.It's not here, but I wish Homeworld: Cataclysm was in this collection- and that is my only regret- though I still purchased it knowing that."
,Recommended,244160,18008311,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Kiith Nabaal,"Honestly, this is my favorite game series of all time. It's a beautifully and wonderfully made series. Brilliant gameplay, excellent music, great atmosphere."
76561197970567254,Recommended,244160,19844689,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Origin/.Live,This is a perfect 5/7 game
,Recommended,244160,20189582,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Sweep,Best of the best!
76561198146270765,Recommended,244160,20506540,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,frog9898,Awsomepros: awsome gameplay just epic watching the ships fight  and nameing the and sending a large team just decimate a army and taking control of the enemys ship just so satisfing great soundtrack decent storyline Acons: the camera movement is kidda weird
,Recommended,244160,21187815,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Hype,Worth every penny.Brings back many memories. :)
,Recommended,244160,19025427,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,xrgr1 | サーバ,"Possibly my #1 favorite series and game of all time. The space battles, the strategy, the campaign...it's all mind blowing. When I was first introduced to Homeworld back in 2000, I was amazed at this whole new concept of space rts. I'd recommend this remastered edition just for the new visuals alone. If you're completely new to this game, then I'd suggest you get it and expect to have a good challenge strategizing in space conquering your enemies, and have fun experiencing the awesome story and soundtrack that this game/games has to offer."
76561198064063575,Recommended,244160,14653208,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Bravo21Niner,"I haven't played these games since the early 2000's.  Just the soundtrack brought me flying back to those days.  Battlecruisers and Frigates blasting the ever living♥♥♥♥♥♥out of each other in a glorious fashion.  Now, it's like Gearbox went, took the old games and cranked the awesome factor up to 11.  Having all four of the old factions fighting on one map at once???  Nothing but supreme carnage and mayhem.  I LOVE IT.Also, Taidan mothership's voice is AMAZEBALLS.  The combination of Satan and Alduin being broadcast through a evil robot.So would i recommend this game???  Does a bear♥♥♥♥♥♥in the woods???  Does Alduin hate all living creatures of Skyrim???  Were you born???♥♥♥♥ YES!!!  20/10"
,Recommended,244160,14652360,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,flyer10,"Brilliant space RTS with spaceships and a little bit of verticality.I never played the original so I am now asking myself why I didn't. However this review comes with two warnings: my antivirus software thought that the game was a threat, the multiplayer is unfinished and requires an account. But aside from these problems it is well worth your time.8/10 would avenge Karak again."
,Recommended,244160,14653950,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Kraft,It's a lot of fun especially in the mp
,Recommended,244160,18975623,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Skitariio,Homeworld but with hardcore xXxquick-scopexXx Grafix.Legit good u get me fam?
76561197980000105,Recommended,244160,20739412,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Sirion,"The game that made me train for and buy a Naglfar, Remastered."
,Recommended,244160,18645228,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Destructively Phased,"Homeworld.This is a game I enjoyed a lot playing the game for the first time, the brilliance of the attack plan which included jumping straight into the enemy (a friend who has never let me forget this) every single ship I owned. This was immediately followed by ""wait. Mayber that wasn't such a good idea"" then ""OOOPS"" as I watched the Mothership blow to pieces.This was my first experience at Homeworld Two, which despite my poor tactical skills at the time ended up setting me on a road of playing that game to the point of obsession. Until windows 7 and the game became incompatible with my computer and with a developer which no longer existed, pretty muched ended it there.So what does Homeworld Remastered Edition offer apart from a game that actually runs on a computer that isn't running windows XP? Better graphics for one and a crisper UI. As well as the oportunity to play multi-player over steam. In terms of selling the game, very little will make a difference if you haven't play Homeworld before. But if you haven't played it before, a ""meh"" before moving on isn't doing it justice.Would it have been possible for me to write this review without mentioning my experience playing it: No, it has simply shaped to much of my playing style in other games that to not mention this would be wrong."
76561198154798472,Recommended,244160,19566588,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Spastic101,"Great game, the graphics are good and the gameplay is good.I would highly recomend this game."
76561198025040339,Recommended,244160,20275485,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,SargeRho,"This is how you Remaster a game. If you liked the original, I can only recommend HW:R.I loved HW2 when it first came out, but never had the chance to play the first HW until I got HW:R."
76561197998983965,Recommended,244160,16178738,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Nathanius,The best RTS in history just became the most beautiful game of 2015! With an impressive modding community and ongoing support from the devs at Gearbox this is definitely a game to get into :)
,Recommended,244160,14652582,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,daddy,"I have only played a few skirmish matches so take this with a grain of salt, especially with the numerous bugs that are apparently still in the game. Gearbox have a bit of a♥♥♥♥♥♥track record in my book so I was sceptical.Well the game looks and feels great and is an absolute nostalgic blast. Once you hear the Ion beams and the delightfully nonchalant battle chatter (a welcome distraction from the try-too-hard cliché military gruff stuff we are used to nowadays) you feel right at home. Controls still hold up, though I would've wished a middle mouse button camera panning. It's a nice throwback to when RTS wasn't about unit spam or superhuman micro capabilities.The visuals are neat. Seing HW1 in this fidelity is a treat, HW2 also looks nicer but the leap isn't that big comparatively. Ship damage is still just pre-rendered 2d sprites but even those got increased resolutions. FOV is also cool but really gimmicky. Overall performance is decent, could be better though seeing as this isn't exactly cream of the crop visually despite all enhancements. This is still a 15 year old engine at its heart.Negatives are that the AI wasn't improved and is still kind of dumb. They'll get stomped even if they keep up with your economy. Also the UI scaling doesn't affect the ever obnoxiously large sidebar.Overall a recommended buy, for the ability to play this on current systems alone."
76561198017224594,Recommended,244160,33471683,Posted: 11 July,all,30 Year Old Virgin,Greatest space game ever made
76561198044513981,Not Recommended,244160,14736920,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,UnDeaD,"Level 8 of Homeworld 1 remastered is COMPLETELY BROKEN. There are no objectives, the AI just sits there and waits for you to kill it. It's a waste of time.In the level where you try to fight off incoming asteroids, sending small ships results in them RAMMING INTO THE DAMN ASTEROID because they didn't bother to teach the AI to move AROUND asteroids, rather than straight into them. This means that you will probably be replaying the previous mission.Having read around, it seems that HW1:R is nothing like the original in terms of tactics and main features. Apparently projectiles were drive by physics rather than RNG calculations. Spacecraft stayed in formation when the battle began (they don't now) and the game generally had more depth.There are other problems:The sound regularly glitches out.On my 2-monitor setup, the game does not bound the cursor to the screen. (it is bound initially, but after alt-tab it stops)Overall, it seems that they released this prematurely.  I'd get it when it's on a sale."
,Recommended,244160,14654827,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,FallenDevil86,"An absolute remastered game,the best space rts game.I've played this game many years ago yet this game still blow me away;the story,the graphic,best game of the year. And also this game is the best bang for the buck. If you like sci-fi,epic scale space opera and epic scale rts,this game is recommended for you. :)"
,Recommended,244160,18207658,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,TV,One of the best games of all time.
,Recommended,244160,18224487,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,ченьО.Д.удэ101©,"This game is just a beautiful game, nothing else needs to be said. Deserves more attention than it gets."
,Recommended,244160,25169908,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Balcoran,This is one of the best games ever. Remastered beautifully and the mods... oh the mods... Superb.
76561198008053127,Recommended,244160,17681814,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,dennis.danilov,"A classic space RTS, combining decent (if not terribly original) gameplay with a true three-dimensional battlefield, with very polished visuals. A lot of issues are being slowly but surely ironed out; the multiplayer is rather dysfunctional.The plot is a space opera, with the first game starting out not unlike the reimagedBattlestar Galactica."
,Recommended,244160,23452032,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,srtfrostbite,Right now I'm contemplating buying the sound tracks for The Homeworld Remastered series (16$) or buy The Watch Dogs Complete Edition (15$).I think I am going to buy the sound tracks.
76561198041108461,Not Recommended,244160,35500013,Posted: 5 October,all,Kuriousjorj,"Ugh, what a boring game.  No heart to this thing.  Could I find a 4X space game that does NOT suck?  Total waste of money."
,Recommended,244160,19350019,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Makere,"Homeworld is one of the best RTS ever made, and the remaster makes the game look gorgeous."
76561198069610591,Recommended,244160,19858249,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,DragonTemplar4,When you throw yourself into a point blank map and the fleets annihliate each other10 OUTTA F***ING 10
76561198035460804,Recommended,244160,19854276,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Winters,enjoyed this game since the 90s.
,Recommended,244160,15465897,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Saratoga Gaming,Great game. Gearbox has done a great job of restoring a brilliant set of games. the combat is brilliant and the graphics beautiful. Fully recomened to any RTS fan.
76561198027095128,Recommended,244160,14703254,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,omf2097,IT'S HOMEWORLD. BUT HD!EXPLOSIONS!STRATEGY IN 3 DIMENSIONS!MODS EVERYWHERE!REALLY COOL AESTHETIC.SO GLAD THIS HAPPENED AND GEARBOX DIDN'T DONE GOOF IT UP.BUY IT.
76561198035512256,Recommended,244160,19852194,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Yoria (IronMorgan),"A really really good RTS game! Good Graphics, good History campaing and a great gameplay!Um ótimo jogo de estratégia ! Gráfico lindo, uma campanha incrível e uma jogabilidade nota 10!"
76561198078141866,Recommended,244160,15205386,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,ascho078,"While I recommend this game, the scuttle button, in it's current format needs to be removed/disabled."
,Recommended,244160,27795348,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,kosmikza,As good as it ever was
,Recommended,244160,17159471,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,phoses,+HW2 was 11/10 experience.- Frustrating to complete HW1 because 'dynamic difficulty scaling'.- Only 7 players onlineStill recommended.
76561198142775217,Recommended,244160,24746158,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Svezda,It's Homeworld. Remastered a very good game those a lot of people must play
76561198026926128,Recommended,244160,15919448,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Utildai,"I keep getting a very un-helpful error... The game loads and starts to enter the 3d part of it and an error pops up saying ''General Failure'', with an OK button then quits....This isn't very helpful...."
,Recommended,244160,15034162,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Alaizon,Amazing
76561198013805853,Recommended,244160,18089034,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,gregory.knapp,"It has mods from all my favorite Sci Fi TV shows.Battlestar Galactica, Star Trek, Babylon 5, and Stargate."
76561198060511034,Recommended,244160,18099426,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Slit,BEST GAME EVER
,Recommended,244160,18106526,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Meakis,"I've only played the origenal Homeworld 2, it was a glorious game.This is thus far one of the few good remakes they have done for old games. Granted they took the old storyline but that storyline did not need any improvement, for a space rts it was perfect and it all clicked.I love that they only redone the graphics, I loved that they asked the origenal game creators to join them because if you play the game and have played the homeworld games way back you will notice, it has only helped this game be good."
76561198126503136,Recommended,244160,18125527,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,lee.kostenuk,Realy good game.
76561198150554400,Recommended,244160,18140272,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Reaper,best thing since sliced bread
,Recommended,244160,18141706,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,DarthTrekker4400,"I never played the original versions of Homeworld 1 or Homeworld 2, or played Homeworld Cataclysm; but as a major fan of space rts games I wanted these games for a while. I had been thinking about getting them from amazon, and wishing they were on steam, when one day I saw this in the updates and was overjoyed at seeing it with all its remastered graphical glory!These 2 games are definitly two of the best space rts games I have ever played. With the graphics update that they have received in their remastering, they are the best looking space rts games I have played. These games make me wish I had a pc good enough to run it at high graphics, let alone the glory of max graphics at 4k resolution. as they are beautiful at the low settings I have to run them (blasted craptop). If you want a game that you could jack off to from the absolutly goregeous space battles, or a fantastic space rts game that has a great story and gameplay with fun multiplayer; then this game is for you!100/10 would recommend"
,Recommended,244160,16665645,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Rocha[PT],Awesome remake!
76561197991368766,Recommended,244160,14820613,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Shrike,"An absolutely must-have for all RTS gamers! It changes the way you look at RTS as being purely 2-dimensional. That, and the engaging story and rehashed graphics, are enough to keep you in-game for hours! The campaign is epic and the story is emotional and engaging."
,Recommended,244160,15514269,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,TheVerySeriousLewis,It's a good game. Fun and chalenging. Most people who complain about how they got rid of fuel are ♥♥♥♥ing into hurting themselves.
76561198114717248,Recommended,244160,20618849,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,cookie monster,omg finaly
,Recommended,244160,20655123,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,hlphippo,I approve.
,Recommended,244160,14727004,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,adrenaltigz,Absolutely Fantastic game and the remastered editions look increadble
76561198003117602,Recommended,244160,14727122,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Killswitch179[UK],Some of the best games ever made hands down but this Remastered Collection is a poor job.  start the game spend 1hour trying to get the single player to work then get it to start and then find you cant make groups. and this is two at the start hope thay fix the bugs soon so i can play the game it was ment to be .
76561197971018493,Recommended,244160,14651594,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Timothy_007,OMG Its really beautiful nice game play smooth controls thank you for releasing Homeworld again its really wonderful going back replay such a cornerstone to gaming this will definatly be a game I keep on my hardrive to play over & over
,Recommended,244160,14651650,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,ProffPines,"There are a hundred or so games that claim to be remastered versions, HD releases, revamped and so forth.This isn't so much of a remastering as a true restoration.Call it nostalgia goggles, but when you sit down andWatch the introin glorious 1080p, with the crackle of the old sounds removed...Its a masterpeice."
76561197990884938,Recommended,244160,14818898,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,meat_shield,This remake is great :) Please make homeworld 3... Just do it!
76561198096326955,Recommended,244160,14739671,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Scream Lord,"When i saw this series for the first time, it caught my eye. why? it was the sheer beauty of it. and im not even talking about the remastered version, or the graphics of the games, remastered or not. it was the concept, the story, and the level of pure thought that goes into every moment of gameplay. The story is a classic tale of an odyssey across the stars to find your one true home, and along the way you meet friends, and monsters. You find those who have simply strayed from their paths, and those who want nothing more to see you burn. you must use your 3 dimensional battlefield to your advantage, and plot every move, for one slip up can cost you your fleet. The game is very well put together overall, and the originals are well preserved, the remastered ones however are not entirely true to the classic versions. In some instances you face more enemies than in the original, or Certain events do not occur at the right time or in the right spot. these are minor changes at best, but a sound strategy that worked in the classics, may not work in the remastered ones. Older fans will not be dissapointed, and new fans will hardly notice the difference. Despite these gripes i have to say it is still one of the best strategy games i have ever played, and certainly my favorite."
76561198030711809,Recommended,244160,14658749,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Pulse,"One heck of an upgrade!The homeworld series are arguably some of the best RTS games ever made.Campaign is fantastic!Multiplayer is great fun!The updated graphics are really, really nice when maxed out (i love the depth of field).I havn't come across any bugs so far although i havn't played homeworld 2 yet.I highly recommend this to any RTS fan whether you played the originals or not and for the price it's a bargain."
76561197964956533,Recommended,244160,14658906,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,OrangeJulius,"Updated:  Make sure to read the bottom edit.The countless hours I spent on this series as a youngster were some of my fondest memories of gaming. I completed the campaign for Homeworld at least 3 times, HW2 twice, and Cataclysm (somewhat non-canon, but still good) a few times as well. I've only reached the fifth mission in this HW1 Remastered campaign, but it appears Gearbox did the series proud.It's beautiful without compromising the original art, the updated interface is mostly an improvement (I'm not crazy about the different hotkeys) and the sound updates are amazing. There are nuances to the sounds that I never picked up in all the time I used to play the game.One change that had me absolutely giddy is that it's now (much more) possible for salvage frigates to capture Turanic Raider ships. I always wanted a fleet of Missile Corvettes, and now it's possible to nab them all!Overall, I'm blown away by this remaster. I'm overjoyed at how well it's done. If you never played the Homeworld games and you're an RTS or space fan, do yourself a favor and play this game, now.Edit: There are some serious issues with the game that I hope will be fixed soon. These are:1) Harvesting resources in HW1R is buggy, and requires babysitting and constantly reassigning the harvesters. They will stop harvesting, even when there are additional resources 30 seconds away.2) Strike Craft Formations and Tactics are useless and broken: Moving HW1 content to the HW2 engine clearly broke these, and they are critical to making strike craft useful. As they are right now, you will constantly lose all your strike craft due to the unit AI's inability to utilize tactics and formations. It forces you to just boat captured Assault Frigate swarms and other Frigate/Capital ships instead. This is a major and disappointing issue, and possibly the worst of the list.3) The projectile system was dropped in favor of the ""dice roll"" system of HW2. This was one of the coolest parts of HW1, and was amazing to watch in action. Projectiles were actually fired and could hit targets on the other side of the target by accident. This led to strike craft being much more useful, as they could dodge rounds coming towards them, allowing them to overwhelm large capital ships. Now, Heavy Cruisers, Destroyers and Assault Frigates wipe out dozens of fighters without breaking a sweat. The best anti-everything weapon is just a mass of capital ships, in all circumstances. Forget attack bombers and defenders. The only reason to builds scouts and interceptors is as a cheap meat shield or disposable scouting element.4) Time to Kill is INSANE. INSANE. Take two heavy cruisers or destroyers, and have them start shooting at each other. They die in like 30 seconds. It used to take twice that long, turning capital ship fights into epic slugging matches. Now, it's all just one giant, stupid deathball.5) Scaled difficulty is broken: Just collect a few dozen ships, and by mission 10, you'll see what I mean. If you're familiar with the original HW, you'll see that they have more than quadrupled the number of enemy ships guarding the ghost ship. It's hilarious and game breaking.I really hope they fix these issues, as HW is one of my favorite franchises, ever. It pains me to say this, but HW1R is not worth playing until most of the bugs get fixed. I haven't played HW2R enough to see, but I'm sure it's fine as it's in the same engine. If you want to play HW1, stick to the classic version. I pray it doesn't have the same issues."
76561198026808260,Recommended,244160,14965468,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Azriel,One quick question. does anyone know if this will run on windows 10?
,Recommended,244160,14654991,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Siscoprofit,All the glory of the original but refined graphics and seemingly more stable all around. Really solid.
,Recommended,244160,14655208,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,THyRoID,Great remake.  It's a little rough around the edges but they did a fantastic job recapturing the feeling of the original.  If you were a fan of the original you should check this out.
76561198021910301,Recommended,244160,14655410,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,JNSkyraider,"I want to post something hilarious about this, but Gearbox finally did a good job and did an amazing remaster of an already perfect game.  Gearbox truly brought the Higaarans home."
,Recommended,244160,14655455,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Borgz Pony / Alucard,This Remastered Verion of HomeWorld is just lovely and very well made this is how a remaster should be made for a game as this has been done right i love everythign that Gearbox ahs done to this old game by remaking both homeworld 1 and 2 keep up the good work guys
76561198012965571,Recommended,244160,14655487,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,thorlofanarson,i was looking forward to playing the homeworld series again however i did not realize that it required opengl 3.3and both of my computers only go to 3.2i am a little annoyed that a 15yearold game remastared or not will not play on my equipment.other than that the game is awesome and the game play i have seen looks exellentif you can run it play it
76561198047425238,Recommended,244160,14655611,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Archadius,"Just for the classics alone this is absolutely worth it, not to mention these classics are mod compatible just as the cd versions were, or if you had a copy of a less than legal pirated digital version..."
76561198012581473,Recommended,244160,14655630,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Chrisman01,"Oh my god.  Homeworld's back.  I never thought I'd see this day.  I don't know how many hours I put into the originals.So far, not many bugs on release other than a couple crashes.  If you crash, lower the texture quality a notch.  Even at 2048 texture size, it's beautifulTo top it off, this is NOT one of those games that looks better through nostalgia glasses.  Between all the engine improvements, HD textures, etc, it's BETTER.I remember playing HW1 when I was a kid and getting destroyed.  15 years later, with an adult mind, it feels like a different game.  I know how to manage resources better, I know the strengths and weaknesses of ships better, and try to organize my fleet instead of throwing units against the enemy hoping to get a kill.EVEN IF YOU DON'T LIKE RTS, GIVE THIS GAME A TRY.  It looks like another overcomplicated space RTS, but it's really not.  It's complicated in its own ways, but very easy to learn the basic tactics and rock-paper-scissor mechanics between all the different ships.This isn't like other RTSs.  It's very easy to pick up and play, hard to master against real players, but the selling point is the beautiful campaigns of HW1 and 2.  Not to mention the massive battles, with fighters zipping everywhere with their glowing contrails, and massive capital ships hammering at each other with cannons and ion beems.Good lord, it's been a long time.  It's more beautiful than I remember; with the Remastered engine, it's more than just a polished up HW2 engine.  Check out any comparison videos.This game has gotten *BETTER* with time.  How many series/remakes can say that?"
76561198022414795,Recommended,244160,14655681,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,roguejwolf,"Just to start i must stat that im a huge fan of the homeworld series (owning all 3 big box editions of the original games in all their glory) when i found out about this i preorderd the special edition.To start the game is beautiful with new stunning skins, great new sound effects, cleaned up audio for the voice acting and wonderful draw cutscenes, not to mention the easier to use UI of homeworld 2 that makes homeworld 1 singleplayer that much easier and fun to play.These games hold their own on gameplay alone (dont believe me?, try the classic editions bundled into the collection!) but the remaster really does make the places you play in that much more special. The multiplayer (against bots for the moment) is also fun, being able to use any of the 4 major races across both games is really intreasting and gives alot more replayability.Its not all good news tho as this games does have bugs, so far iv noticed certain ships clipping through each other, ships not dissappearing after hyperdrive, the overview map not working at times, and crashes to name a few. However i still recommend this game as it is, with gearbox supporting modding for this game and a huge modding community already around, as well as possibility of (decent!) DLC and bug fixes, its a bright intergalactic future for Homeworld."
,Recommended,244160,14655728,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Warrior35,"Sweet lord, this game is amazing!Not only has my childhood been taken care of safetly, but my itch for a good RTS has been scratched!"
,Recommended,244160,14656799,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,FloDusk,"Played the originals to death after my Grandad had lent me his copies back when I was at school. Loved it then & love it now. Nostalgia in every single direction.If you're a fan of space, RTS's, good storytelling or just amazing games - then get this. Honestly won't be disappointed.I can't wait to try the new multiplayer feature. Work of art."
,Recommended,244160,14656818,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,MemoryDemise,If you loved playing the original Homeworld back in 1999 and haven't picked this up then what are you waiting for!?
,Recommended,244160,14656851,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,TicklishRocket,"Pros- Graphics are great. Performance is great, Runs at a silky smooth framerate.- Awesome story.- Gameplay is fun and refreshing.- Mods and Workshop support.- Classic versions included, so you can play the awesome Star Wars Warlords, and Halo (Homefront) mods that came out for homeworld 2.Cons- I wish there was more UI customization, The current UI is too large for my tastes.ThoughtsGame was ahead of its time back in the 90's. Returns in 2015, and Gearbox nailed it. Also at a stunning price. You are getting 2 of the greatest space strategy games of yesteryear for an amazing price.Thank you Gearbox!"
76561198021229068,Recommended,244160,14656951,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Valcan321,Outstanding addition to steam and a great remaster of the original.The greatest SpaceRTS ever made.PLUS! Steam workshop so no hr and a half downloading and installing mods!
76561197969327505,Recommended,244160,14657402,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,jetstream01,"Absolutely spectacular remake of the beloved HW franchise.  The graphics are amazing, and the changes they made to both HW1 and HW2 are much needed (for example, getting rid of the fuel requirement in HW1). These games are STILL the best RTS ever made, and they really shine here.  If you've never played Homeworld, you've never experienced the best the RTS genre has to offer.  Homeworld has been my all time favorite game since its release, so I am very critical of anything Gearbox is doing with this franchise.  I'm happy to say that the remastering was done with a TON of care and love, and the bugs I've seen are very few and far between-a relief in this day of publishers releasing so many unfinished games.  It can only get better from here.  Way to go Gearbox, you've successfully brought back Homeworld!  Now make Homeworld 3 so all my dreams can come true!"
76561198000476052,Recommended,244160,14657444,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,angus66,"I played the original Homeworld games when they were 1st released and really enjoyed them. I still have all the originals + strategy guides - I never even considered getting rid of them. Gameplay, story, visuals, music - the Homeworld series had/has it all - nothing has even come close in the 15 years since their release.So far I haven't found anything to complain about - just about everything has been improved in the HD versions. Gearbox also didn't mess with the core gameplay - smart move on their part. If it aint broke, don't try to fix it.Can't recommend this collection enough - it's that good."
76561198035900814,Recommended,244160,14657504,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,privettk,"This game is everything a Homeworld faithful could have hoped for! After a decade, it is so refreshing to play one of the greatest games ever made with a fresh coat of paint. The story is still as evocative as ever (better than any trash AAA game currently out there,) the strategy is as complex as you wish to make it, and the graphics...the originals still look good, but holy cow the remasters are gorgeous! The dialogue was wonderfully redone, staying true to the originals whilst adding some depth and emotion. The game isn't a breeze to beat, but it's not a 4X either. It's just enough challenge to make you claw back for more!The only potential things I would have done differently:Bring squadrons to the original, it's tough to micromanage so many ships with only 10 groupsAdd more ship types (such as from the complex mods) to give greater depth, especially in HW2Having the 4 races be playable is great, but it'd be nice to have a mode with playable Keepers and Progenitors tooThere is embedded mod support in the main menu so I imagine once modders get their eager hands on the code and start releasing stuff it'll be a lot easier to incorporate them into the game. This is great, since I was never able to make the Complex mods work on my Windows 8 machine.Looking forward to several more years of this game!"
76561198132346565,Recommended,244160,14657507,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,gonzcam,"The return of a classic beautifully retouched. The game that I fell in love with still there, the new ui is a welcome improvement, as well as the the new textures and effects, there a few minor glitches, but does not affect the whole gaming experience.  Now, it is time to spend several hours playing it again, and again, and again."
,Recommended,244160,14654314,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Unhinged,"A few things that I have observed about Homeworld 1 remastered so far (Just finished mission 4)-No fuel system, making strike craft more useful for prolonged missions without support-Repairs of strike craft and Capital Ships seem to be free (Vanilla they were not)-Research now costs RU (In vanilla they were not)-Large enough ships now leave debris when destroyed (Turanic Carrier), which can now be salvaged for RU by Harvesters and Salvage Corvettes.-You can still capture ships, expect an all star-cast of Turanic, Taidaan and Kadeshi Capitals fighting for your cause (Just not the two Assault frigates from Mission 3, nor the Turanic Carrier)-Ships have problems staying in formation.-No seperate screen for research and ship building, meaning you have better situational awareness than you did in the Vanilla Game-I was hoping for a patrol control, but you only have a waypoint mode that cannot be used to create a permanent patrolThere may be more changes that I haven't noticed yet but those are the highlights. Can't wait till someone creates the inevitable Battlestar, Star Citizen, Star Trek, Star War, Babylon 5 mods for this game."
76561198086691982,Recommended,244160,14654446,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Secret.Finalizer,"HOMEWORLD REMASTERED COLLECTION REVIEW(Reccomended-Strategist2_0)Player Base: First Time Homeworld Player. Hence, my reviews are based on initial first impression of the game (particularly Homeworld Remastered. Updated reviews will be added below)Homeworld Remastered (Updated-26/02/2015)<Impression>This game is straight out beautiful, with amazing choice of soundtracks that helps you fully immerse in the game and also has that rare ability to keep you investing more and more in the lore of the game. I particulally appreciate the developer's effort in adding a reworked, complete, and simple tutorial for such a challenging RTS game such as this. The cutscene dialogues does seems to be abit bland at times as the characters in the game apart from the mothership speaks in a rather unconvincing voice, with minimal expression though this does not significantly affect the gameplay nor the total enjoyability of this game. After playing the original Homeworld, I discovered that it seems to me that the dialogues are ported to the remastered edition and as such the game is not at fault here though I do wish that it could be reworked as well. So far, it works perfectly fine on my PC with no bugs encountered just yet as I am aware that certain people are having issues with the game. Issues thread below:http://steamcommunity.com/app/244160/discussions/0/617328967243529430/Pros:+ BEAUTIFUL graphics+ Amazing soundtrack+ Addictive gameplay+ Great and epic story+ Purposeful level designCons:- The in-game dialogue could use an upgrade=============================================================================Homeworld Original (Updated-26/02/2015)<Impression>Playing the Original makes me appreciate the remastered edition as much as I have respect for the original. Though the graphics are not particularly amazing like the remastered edition, it is well ahead of its time then and was a marvel to watch. Gameplay is butter smooth and there is no bug encountered just yet. Since this is the original, it goes without saying that the resolution could only be maxed to 1024x640 (16 or 32 bit) and not beyond. For newcomers such as myself, I recommend that you finished the remastered edition first to develop interest before playing the original. I would also like to express my gratitude for having this game included together by the developer as it kept me invested in the game and its a blast to play with.Pros:+ Epic Story and lore+ Great gameplay+ Has great valueCons:- None so far=============================================================================*MORE REVIEWS TO COME*"
76561198031445471,Recommended,244160,14654689,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Hypocritcat,"It's as if a tiny, ""lost"" part of my childhood has come back covered in gold with diamond studs. My experience so far has been nothing but amazing. The improved visuals alone add to memories that could make a grown man cry of happiness. If you loved the classic games, you'll love the remasters. Worth the cost, and then some! It has always been one of the best RTS games ever made and it still is.If you're on the fence on buying this game, don't be. If (when) this does good we will hopefully see a Homeworld 3 sometime in the future!"
76561198067920815,Recommended,244160,14654732,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,albionknightofpendragon,Quite frankly the two of the three finest RTS 4K Space Strategy games ever made.  The third is Homeworld Cataclysm.  I really hope they can recreate and re do Cataclysm as well in time and then of course there are the prequels and sequels I've been waiting since 2004 for.  I wait with baited breath to see where this amazing Saga of storytelling and gripping gameplay takes us next.
76561197998893375,Recommended,244160,14654749,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Vollmer,"Everything I was expected it to be, an amazing well done remastering of the original.No crashes, and no weirdness yet been playing for hours. The audio is stellar. if you haven't played it before then you should, great for the people who knew this game in it's original form, and a golden RTS for anyone new to it! One of the few games I've played that evokes an emotional response."
,Recommended,244160,14655027,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Fossilfern,"It seems as if you can't mention Gearbox without someone raising the AC:M ""issue"", to me that game from when they showed it looked average at best and I really dont think a bad game should be held against a developers throat. This game(s) however is great.Its been fanstatic playing through games from my childhood and from the little I have re-played its just been fantastic. If you love RTS games this game is for you."
76561198090635372,Recommended,244160,14655075,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Zois,Superb!I played the original versions years ago and the remastered are just as perfect.I had a little issue when starting - I couldn't reach the menu with the mouse coursor but it can be easily fixed by deativating the high DPI settings in the Windows compatibility settings.Also there are a few bugs but nothing that matters.Buy it!
,Recommended,244160,14655080,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Sir Beef McNugget,Just as good today as it was 15 years ago. A really good game and one of the better remasters out there...If all remasters were this good I would own more of them.
76561198084164772,Recommended,244160,14655115,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Negtharayas16,"For years I have loved this game and used tons of mods. So many good memories of epic LAN parties. Multiplayer was hard without gamespy, but we made do with tunngle and gameranger... still.. multiplayer works so smoothly now! Granted, is there a rank system, friend interactions, stat trackers and such in the game? No. But I am sure that will come as they finishing balancing things and move the multiplayer out of BETA. Overall, I have 0 complaints about the remake. Just praise... and praise... and praise. Good job Gearbox! You know how to win the hearts of players!"
,Recommended,244160,14655128,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Jadednostalgic,"This is how HD remakes are supposed to be done.  Remastered is the correct way to describe it, because so far it's a masterpiece.  Good job, Gearbox."
,Recommended,244160,14655151,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Hoebot4100™,Played for the first time. Left me speechless. Wish I could have played the originals. Not that I won't. Every game will get its tur. 3 hours in. And I love every bit of it. Simply beautiful.
76561198018946552,Recommended,244160,14655166,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,ArchBuck,Best Game Ever - Remade!RTS with phenominal story line and great play mechanics - true 3d space combat RTS.  Great game -highly recommend to anyone who enjoys RTS.
,Recommended,244160,14655281,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Egore,"Favorite game of all time. A few bugs to start of with but withing an hour they had a new update out to take care of some of them.Homeworld RM is amazing, the high detail on the ships from rotating canons to the laser lights reflected across the ships and objects in space, to the remastered sound, which is amazing if you turn it all the way up.The 3D evironment in which you can move ships is so amazing and just like  I remember it. Overall the best game out. Well done Gearbox.To everyone complaining about the little bugs. It was know beforehand that there would be bugs. Gearbox wanted people to play and find all the bugs so that they could fix them. If you watch all the videos on the developers, you can see that they really are keen to keep this game going and fix all the bugs, so get off there backs and give them time to fix things. Rewriting code and troubleshooting is not easy most of the time. For the amount of time they\ve spent on this, which is surpising little. It's amazing!"
,Recommended,244160,14657608,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,BigDogStew,"Woke up this morning to Homeworld remasters fully installed and ready to go. Forgot to feed animals and children and wife woke up and decided to pick a fight (true story).Wife is now at the in-laws for a few days and I can play my beloved old game that made me the nerd I am today.In all honesty the remake is amazing. Graphics and overview changes have made this game incredibly better without changing the heart and soul of what Homeworld truly is. A masterpice of gaming history with a storyline without rival.Do yourself a once in a lifetime favour and purchase this game and watch your family, life and job disappear into endless space with a huge smile on your face."
,Recommended,244160,14657704,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Syixxs,"A classic game updated with care to feel almost completely modern. It looks great, sounds great, and continues to play great to this day even without gameplay changes. It's RTS-inspired, but doesn't require you to count APM or plan build queues. The campaigns are tough and can be unforgiving, but the story makes the struggle worthwhile. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,244160,14658684,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Neonerer,"Feeling nostalgia for this game since 1999. Remastered version brings back warm memories and enhance them. New Homeworld 1 models are superb, I didn't expect that Gearbox would make old, almost two decades old models, so detailed, fighters look amazing.Of course, there are few bugs, but mainly they're caused by port of Homeworld 1 content to Homeworld 2 engine. Campaign doesn't roll as it used to, autobalance ""feature"" ruins old tactics I used to beat HW1 campaign. But at the same time it makes old campaign look new.Game runs perfectly on highest settings with average strength high end rig."
,Recommended,244160,14658799,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,ZєяσGคŁαx¥™,10/10 would bang again since 1999
,Recommended,244160,14659192,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,VR_Phoenix,Try! Ýou won't regret or let go!
,Recommended,244160,14659577,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,hetaron18,"The game,The remastered version, is actually harder than I remember!  WOW, is it great to have this series back!"
,Recommended,244160,14659606,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,FakeSwede,11/10 would fanboy again.
76561197997890472,Recommended,244160,14690597,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Alewx,"2 great games remastered in a loving way, but HW1 got more love than HW2, there are some things were a little fixing would not have hurt, misplaced UVs, textures not fitting correct.But overall great stuff, and slightly reduced difficulty but still ok."
76561198094278427,Recommended,244160,14690733,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,久远,quite fantastic for a remastered version. Those who are old players will definitely be satisfied with the qulity.
,Recommended,244160,14691154,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,templerlord,"The best remaster ever been made, and also a great serie's reborn. Totally worth it.Of course there's still room for more improvements, but the game is highly modable, so all is settled.10/10"
,Recommended,244160,14687707,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,CaptnIgnit,"The remastered visuals are great. If you played the original you'll love this remaster. If you want to experience a unique RTS, this is your game."
,Recommended,244160,14685753,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,appaloosa51,AWESOME USING NVIDIA ... I had the older Homeworld 2 ... the remastered is lots better ... however .. it is graphical intense really utilizing everythingy your Nvidia has ... but . it worth it as u will see if u get the game .. if u r uisng Nividia u could get also an error on first use ... it will lock and freeze ... do NOT worry ... no problem .... it is NOT the game nor your Nvidia card .. its in the settings .... the error will say OPEN GL HAS LOST CONNECTON WITH YOUR GRAPHICS CARD ... this is only for Nividia ... here is how to fix that ... the problem is .. it is looking for a time out to load the graphics ... as I said it is graphic intense but worth it ... to fix it ... all u do is on your main computer screen open the Nvidia Control Panel ... in the main Control Panel for GLOBAL ... if u look u will more than likely see that you have set yout GLOBAL SETTING OF POWER MANAGEMENT MODE to ADAPTIVE ... all u do is change your GLOBAL setting to PREFER MAXIMUM PERFORMANCE ... and wham bam ... all solved and u can play all u want .. what this does is open your Nvidia to use every resource it has for awesome graphics ... and believe me ... u will luv it .. if u do NOT set it to Perfer Max Performance u mite crash and burn ... I luv this game and give it awesome stars ! ... now go ... find your homeworld ... and have fun ... its totally Awesome ! ... GET IT TODAY ! ..
,Recommended,244160,14696894,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Evito Cruor,"Disclosure, im did play both Homeworlds' back when they were released so i cant rule out any nostalgiacolouring my opinions. However with that in mind i do think they honestly made the best remastering of anold game that i've seen even rumoured to date anywhere.It stays true to the original with changes being obvious ones like strike craft refuels gone (Fellas theres a reason it did not make the cut in HW2). The original HW UI has indeed been replaced with a slightly improved HW2 UI for the original aswell which is a great damned thing indeed.Graphics wise, its incredibly well done. Consistent style and very wide range of options to tune it so it'll stay fresh for quite a number of years. (Yes you can actually get it to hog up any but the mightiest GPU's if you do a big fleet battle)Even more striking in my opinion is the audio rework since the originals had some quite hefty restrictions on their fidelity based on the technology on most PC's back then.Absolutely a must buy for any serious RTS and Sci-fi fans.Though i suspect folks fond of todays hyperactive RTS(RTT really) genre might not cope with it well what with you requiring to actually devise stratagems instead of just micromanaging and outexpanding your opponent."
,Recommended,244160,14695828,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,[VGN]Ravenheart,"The game that defined space RTS, remastered in glorious HD. I cannot express with words what this game evokes in me, pure joy and pleasure of once again guiding a people across a vast galaxy to defeat a foe that is far superior in every way.This is a game that any RTS and/or space junkie should play in his lifetime, not because it looks good and runs superb on practically any modern PC. But because the story and narrative of the game is so well written and executed that by the end of the game you feel connected to it, to the characters and to the ships you've commanded. The remastering done is simply put amazing, both the visual quality, sound fidelity and atmosphere is superb. Detailed ships, nebulas, asteroid belts and clusters of light all basked in the beautiful galactic background - SPACE.The mechanics of the original game are intact, all the clever ways to manipulate the outcome of battles is there. The balance of things has been brought in-line and the type of units matter. The mechanics are much clearer when it comes to unit types, don't expect a flurry of ion cannot frigates to easily defeat a destroyer or heavy cruiser, likewise assault frigates do big damage to slower moving corvettes and struggle with fast interceptors. The utility units are now really useful in big fights and a gravitywell generator and a cloak generator do wonders to turn the battle, especially if you are being bombarded by fighters and corvettes. Capital ships perform as they should, massive firepower and generally low speed, they will decimate every frigate and likewise because of their heavy armor are much harder to kill by frigates.As of this writing the game is at v1.2, the only problems that I've encountered are minor AI bugs. Specifically resource collectors will not automatically harvest resources if their nearest asteroid/cloud is out of range they just stop and you have to re-issue the harvest command. Ships sometimes fail to follow/guard another ship, they simple stop and you have to either re-issue the guard command or manually move them nearby. There have been a few slowdowns where the mouse and map freeze for a few secs, but those were no more than 5 in the whole campaign.Generally none of the above bugs affect the actual gameplay and you can be certain that they are not game breaking."
76561198141514507,Recommended,244160,21705588,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,ThatchyPlayer16,i love this game the way you are in space and your ships just fly around shooting everything is awesome
,Recommended,244160,21235583,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,JacksomusPrime,"I  never played the orginal, i found this to be a enjoyable rts. its just kinda glitchy I strugle to say its not broken its so glitchy. I still enjoy it alot thoguh"
76561198081301506,Recommended,244160,19841295,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,gendoubleday,In between taking my worthless mother-in-law to Home Depot five times in the last week I was finally able to finish the single player campaign. This game is as fun as I remember way back when before I ever knew what the word equity meant. My minor nitpicks: The military parade formation seems to be broken and  you can't effectively use the large map once the HYPERSPACE button comes on screen. Worth the money.
76561198058013956,Recommended,244160,21726283,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Elimbar,"Great games, nice story, there is need for a bit of tactic, but not too much, i loved the audio (both the effects of the ships and the general sound/songs/orchestra or whatever it is called), great designs, the graphics are so different from the classic games. Loved it in general."
76561197970282280,Recommended,244160,14790360,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,VickyBeaver,"A proper game for proper gamers, no such thing as casual or easy in homeworld, a real blast from the past and a beautiful remaster."
76561198029087148,Recommended,244160,20392237,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,devfriends82,Guys.. i had played the old homeworld 2 ..the classic homeworld 2 works...but the remastered version keeps on giving me a general error ..i have tried all compatibility stuff..i am running on win 10.finally the windows compatibility program does an online check and i come to know the program is an unkown file.and its incompatible..
76561197971864514,Recommended,244160,14946722,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,H3LLVALOR,"A fine nostalgic game, now remastered 8/10. Really needs an open galaxy to explore and RPG/Strategy style. (personal opinion)"
76561197967740663,Recommended,244160,14659064,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,v1516,Awesome! Simply superb! Must play!
76561198009666216,Recommended,244160,24331869,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,meekmatt,Great game
76561198087605469,Recommended,244160,23527736,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,stigoleberg,great game
76561197972326522,Recommended,244160,23564569,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,AbruptionDoctrine,"I recommend the game, but know that there will be some frustrating bugs and glitches. I've had to replay a lot of missions multiple times because of game-breaking bugs.I still consider it worth it, because it is hands down one of the best strategy games ever made."
76561198308201135,Recommended,244160,23486232,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,azzam.tb18,"This is definitely a must-play game. Even though the first half is pretty straight forward, with collecting RU, spending it, collecting more, doing some some research, spending it again. And etc.It's a game where you can start off your ""strategy game"" experience, because its not too hard or easy, and you could easily catch up with what's going on.I have to admit, I have gotten bored a couple of times, but it always lures me back in, maybe it's the my fantasy of space and galactic exploration. The remastered version makes everything look waaayyy better and smoother. And that's pretty much it.PEACE."
76561198032782400,Not Recommended,244160,22666279,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,mikehhhh,"I didn't like this as much as I thought I would.  I never played the original version, so I'm just now experiencing Homeworld in the Remastered Collection.It does seem to be a good 3D RTS engine and watching the ships in combat is amazing.  The storyline and plot is also interesting, at least as far as I played.Is probably a game worth looking into or trying at least once, if its on sale.  But I think in today's RTS world, its a bit behind, even with the updated graphics.  I stopped playing at about the 6th mission for several reasons:1.  Even playing normal difficulty, the AI is brutal throwing in larger ships like Frigates and even Destroyers very soon in the game, I think about the 4th or 5th mission.  Before you have even had a chance to build more than a few of them.  So unless you have researched and crank out some serious frigates, you will be toast.  I think its the I've read some walkthroughs and you can ""cheese"" your way through these missions by capturing with salvage frigates, but that seems cheesy and more like an exploit, then winning with combat.2.  Resources are limited and always seem to be on the same place in the map,  A group of asteroids or a cloud of interstellar gas - always in about the same places.   it makes it kind of boring and also makes the game a bit unforgiving, if you mess up and lose to many ships or make a mistake, the campaign mission is pretty much over, or the next campaign mission will be impossible because you don't have enough resources to build new ships or do research.3.  I got bored with the space theme.  It looks beautiful flying around for a while and watching ship combat, but then after a bit its boring to me, compared to land based RTS games.  In the land based ones, you can use the terrain to your advantage in attacking and setting up bases, and building defenses.  But in Homeworld, you are pretty much thrown into a system with your unmovable base ship stuck in one place.  With tons of empty space around you.  I just found that the combat got kind of boring because its mostly scrambling around to send groups of ships to certain places, without much strategy or base defense building involved."
76561197993156194,Not Recommended,244160,22110521,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,SugarAddict,"Stick with the originals, the ""remastered"" edition is sad junk."
,Recommended,244160,21814786,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,theZIEG,In space no one can hear building your battle crusier for 2 years.
76561198001211537,Recommended,244160,22542666,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Soul--Reaver,Really takes me back to playing the classic HW.Sure its not exactly the same because of engine changes but the classic versions are included so i can play those aswell
76561198100169177,Recommended,244160,22522042,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Phoenix,lol
76561197999627397,Recommended,244160,16858711,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Aklarath,F YES ITS AMAZING !!!!! best remaster of a game I have ever played and I played the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of the original homeworlds :D
76561198169006777,Recommended,244160,32982869,Posted: 29 June,all,SCP-173,"Its bad that i need so much mermory to donwload it but its cool , huge and a good game for its size"
,Recommended,244160,16698056,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Behind The Meme,Found out a secret button code to access dev menu10/10
76561197979032271,Not Recommended,244160,21187804,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,jdkelley18,Hard counters galore...
76561198047269460,Recommended,244160,14689167,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,AnarkySWG,"If you liked the original, you will absolutely love this. The multiplayer still suffers the lag it always used to, so don't get your hopes up there - and no ones ever playing it in the lobby sadly, I would love for this to be a successful multiplayer game but they seem to give zero care for that part of it. Bought this the day it came out and barely any updates, nothing really."
,Recommended,244160,25585564,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Anal_InspectaH,Good games. Full of nostalgia. Had a blast playing trough the 1st one at least.♥♥♥♥ the last mission though!
,Recommended,244160,28974213,Posted: 3 January,all,Official Fat Cunt™,"Fun game, I love how I can run around and pretend I'm actually there! To bad the AI are quite bad, all-in-all, great game!"
76561198160895691,Recommended,244160,29072235,Posted: 6 January,all,INSTANTKARMA,Minus all the bugs and few glitches its really fun and has great graphics.
,Recommended,244160,29115693,Posted: 8 January,all,CatsBox,11/10
,Recommended,244160,21820665,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,RadioDonkey,"Probably one of the prettiest and performance friendly remakes out there. It stays true to the original while delivering some pretty awesome graphics that run great, even on lower end cards. I've managed to get 60FPS on high graphics with a GTX 750ti, so I think most people on steam will be able to run this at high frames and enjoy some pretty close up action."
,Recommended,244160,26826959,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Annarky,"Absolute classic, so glad they remastered it to run at 1920x1080 :D"
,Recommended,244160,29695566,Posted: 4 February,all,Holy Gracious Supreme Country,Wow.. I rarely play games that have such a good story as this one. Combine that with a Dark Souls feel (Sometimes) and you got yourself Homeworld. It's truly an amazing game. I do recommend it 9/10
76561198120419114,Recommended,244160,20590897,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,------------,good!
76561198334817750,Recommended,244160,27944794,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Amien_ID,"VERYLIKE THIS GAME , BEST GALATIC GAME"
76561198283246805,Recommended,244160,30346674,Posted: 5 March,all,Dabs Magee,A beatiful and exciting RTS. Tons of fun and the campaign is incredibly engaging. Hands down the best story for an RTS that I've played. If you like anything Sci-Fi you'll love this.
76561198026846672,Recommended,244160,14765868,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Spark the RPG magnet,"About 20 hours of gameplay. Not including the sequel nor multiplayer.I have some good things to say about this game, including the soundtrack which is by far the best thing (I believe) about this game. The soundtrack absolutely steals the show for me, and like many have said before 'it's like a space opera'.For years on end I was wondering what was so great about homeworld, and really couldn't understand why so many people loved the game. I wasn't able to get my hands on it until now, and instantly fell in love with it. An RTS space game? Count me in!First off, the games included are well worth the price. $35 bucks for TWO games? Including a beta Multiplayer.A space RTS that has probably gone where no other space RTS games have gone before, and it included 3D movement which allows a wide variety of ship maneuvering and freedom most space games don't allow. Ships also have weaknesses on the top bottom and rear, ships take an extra 50% damage if attacked from behind. I like this mechanic, it does something a lot of RTS games haven't explored, which is the flanking damage.I thoroughly enjoyed Sword of the Stars mainly because it felt like a 'total war' in space. But I was disappointed in the lack of a 3 dimensional movement system. I think the best part of my time playing was having two fleets of capital ships and flanking from the top and bottom of enemy ships and engulfing them from all sides. I feel like 3 dimensional movement is not used too much in games and being able to outsmart opponents by descending down upon their ships feels awesome. The game is also very pretty as well, which is important, because battles in this game are absolutely gorgeous and wonderful to watch!The best part of a Space Strategy game is looking at what kinds of ships you could get, there are:Fighters - Basic unit, self explanatoryCorvettes - A heavier ship class, can take more punishment but is slower.Frigates - Capital class shipsDestroyers - Super-Capital class ships that destroy capital ships but are a little less effective vs. strikecraft.Battlecruisers - A Homeworld 2 unit, I think only the Vagyr and Hiigarans can build these.in multiplayer there are four races that play completely differently, and there are a wide variety of units. But I have not played MP much at all.CampaignMissions are very lengthy, depending on how you play and there is a dynamic difficulty that changes the enemy fleet's size depending on your own fleet size. So the better you are at the game, the harder it gets, but the game also has a fleet cap for the enemy fleet in every mission. So if you spent a lot of time salvaging ships over your fleet cap the game might become too easy. The game wasn't that easy for me though, I had to reload several saves.The campaign works a bit like this. Whatever ships you build move on to the next mission. You are the last of the Kushan who were nearly wiped out and are hunted by the Taiidan. From there you must assimilate ships, and reverse engineer them to fight for your claim and survival against the Taiidan Empire. The thing I love the most about the game is how the ships you build move on to the next mission. This is your fleet, and it is shaped by how you play the game, whether you assimilate ships into your fleet or if you build them from scratch, it will show. Is your fleet big? Did you build them from scratch? Or did you assimilate the ships of the Taiidan Empire? At the end of every mission, your fleet will look slightly or more different depending on how you played. You can customize your ship colors as well, through the skirmish match, and the same colors you used in that match will show up in campaign as well.The last few missions I had a tiny bit more ships than the actual fleet cap, and on those missions it spawned fleets nearly twice my size! On some missions I could count over 50 or so capital ships (one of the campaign missions has about over 100 ion cannon frigates I think, didn't have much time to count them all) and on the last mission it spawned about 40 ion cannon and assault frigates backed by destroyers and Heavy Cruisers. Insane!Combined with a challenging difficulty, a steep learning curve, 3D movement, and gorgeous graphics battles can become very hectic and cinematic. I loved every bit and battle I had with the game.I think the best thing about the campaign is seeing the new ships and trying to salvage the Destroyers and Heavy Cruisers in the missions. This game can get very hard if you don't know what you're doing or if you make too many mistakes or don't pay attention to the map. So for you newbies, there's a pause button :DFleet formations work, until you engage the enemy, hopefully it will be patched!"
,Recommended,244160,20003623,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Gusdor,Better than it was the first time around.
,Recommended,244160,19977775,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Spookman,Need friend to play with.. You wont regret buying it
,Recommended,244160,19978293,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,RedEye,"Great game so far, got this as looking forward to the new game coming out and not disappointed"
76561198054420443,Recommended,244160,18275071,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Lynchanator,Just a brilliant game cant fault it at all!
76561198027959580,Recommended,244160,14660113,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Shimmers,You can tell your mothership to kill itself and lose10/10 would scuttle mothership again
,Recommended,244160,15203527,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,STARZ1128,The most fun you'll ever have on a PC!
,Recommended,244160,16822749,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Yujo Kameida,The old reborn.A classic relic title surprisingly well done.was concered that gearbox are doing it... their only claim to fame being borderlands and making a hash of everything else.They didnt ruin it compltely but shame about certain IP rights with it.8.5/10Loses a point due to no cataclysmloses half a point due to no homeworld song at the end of HW1
76561198016483161,Recommended,244160,14725124,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,swipisnt,best game ever! totaly worth buying. 10/10
76561198010398295,Recommended,244160,26989944,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Coyote_Assoupi,"Fan of the original Opus after random buy of the ""Cataclysm"" spin-off in bundle with Ground Control (another GREAT strategy game from Sierra) in the big boxes with the small CD inside, and having waited religiously for the second episode several years later, I am just not objective about this review.BEST SPACE REAL TIME STRATEGY GAME EVER. PERIOD.Haegemonia, Sins of a Solar Empire, Nexus, Empire at War (lol)... not even close.PS : story and music, especially of the first episode, are also a must see/listen/whatever"
,Recommended,244160,25878859,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,wuss poppin jim🅱️os,"Ordered enitre fleet towards a Taiidan space station, through radiation storms and outlying enemy scouts, gets entire fleet to space station, accidently click scuttle instead of attack, entire fleet dies. Havent played since.911/420 would scuttle entire fleet accidentally again."
76561198106627238,Recommended,244160,25558908,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Fake 10€ Note,Amazing remake.
76561198005630513,Recommended,244160,14676493,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Scorch,"The timeless masterpiece, but now updated with new stunning graphics and sound.  ""Must play"" for anyone who likes space RTS."
76561198028325739,Recommended,244160,15209601,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,P1,"Never played the original, but the remastered version is one of the best strategy and space games I've played. The story is excellent too. But this is probably the buggiest game I've played. It feels like the entrie QA team was on vacation and nobody tested the game. No crashes though."
76561198025211942,Not Recommended,244160,22364058,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Geekman,"A longtime Mac user, I've wanted to play the Homeworld series for years, but I also wanted to start with the original. With the release of Homeworld: Remastered on SteamPlay, I had an opportunity to experience the story from the beginning; an opportunity I seized upon.But even with updated graphics, the original has NOT aged well. I didn't encounter any of the bugs that others have complained about, but the game is sorely missing a modern feature of any major RTS: speed control. Jump in, analyze the objectives, formulate a response... and then wait 20 minutes while your ships move around the map. Messed up the strategy? Wait another 20 minutes while your next battle group traverses the map. Really messed up? Start the mission from scratch.While speed control was apparently added in Homeworld 2, playing the original without it is nothing less than a painful waste of time. What's more, the game sorely needs some light in-game training on how best to deploy new ships and technologies, things which instead are thrown at you with only minimal explanation as to their use.I wanted to enjoy Homeworld very badly, but the shortcomings of the original have made that impossible. The amount of time the game eats up also meant I was well-past the 2 hours of gameplay refund-cutoff by the time I realized I couldn't play it anymore."
,Recommended,244160,22444351,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Archaeon,"I ♥♥♥♥ing love this game, i swear.If only people actually played the multiplayer, then iw ould be even better."
76561197971293008,Recommended,244160,14712002,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Snorren,"Just finished the Remastered Homeworld and it was a great experience.However there is some things to be aware of:There is only the one dificulty level so when you have finished the campaign I don't see much reason to replay it.The fleet is preserved during the campaign this means that some of the later levels become too easy beacuse your fleet is too good or the level is impossible because your fleet is too small...I had to restart the campaign because I just barely  made one level to be totally crushed in the next. However after the restart I steamrolled the later leves.The space view sometimes turns black for unknown reasons and it's impossible to do anything, if this happens save and reload and the view is back.If MSI Afterburner is running there are lots of graphical glitches so don't.The game crashed once and lvl 6 didn't have any objectives once so it was impossible to finish the map (worked after restart of map) but other than that I think the game was pretty solid.Oh and the Junkyard dog stopped stealing my ships after a while I don't know if this was a glitch or by design."
76561197972248501,Recommended,244160,14712554,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,joewagner501,Loved the original game when it came out back in the day. This remake is a great update for the graphics while being faithful to the original story line. I'm glad they gave it a face lift and not much else. Now I can replay it on my modern computer and enjoy the heck out of it again.
76561198021743002,Recommended,244160,14712559,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,VengeanceOfSet,"The first thing I want to say is the Homeworld series is by far my favorite set of games ever.I completely recommend this purchase for anyone who likes SciFi in general, the space genre, and strategy fans.Update*  Original version contained bugs.  As of version 1.2 all bugs are gone as far as I can tell.  Game experience is exactly as it was all those years ago."
,Recommended,244160,14712606,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Hala,"It is with both sadness and joy I think back on the bankruptcy of THQ. On the one hand it meant Metro passed from competent hands into the unknown abyss, but at the same time the Homeworld franchise got hit by the defib.  Relic and Sierra both pretty much went bust after Homeworld 2. The title was sold then sold again and that was it. Stuck in economical limbo by a company that did not want to touch it with a five foot stick and rightly so, because how to tackle such a game without creating another Colonial Marines?But it was revived, by Gearbox of all people, and again hope felt lost. Perhaps it is still lost, but this remastered edition of the original masterpieces shows competence from a company mainly associated with cellshaded gore. There's some funky voiceacting in some places, and you can tell sometimes which voicerecordings are old and which are new, but never has the Mothership looked better.I know there's a lot of people who complain about broken mechanics, such as formations, but I have had no such issues. 15 hours to move through the main campaign at my own speed and not a single gamebreaking issue has surfaced. No broken combat mechanics, no broken triggers, both HW 1 and 2 formations work for me.There are some graphical highjinxes though, such as commandeered taiidani ships randomly changing colours between missions, but nothing eyesore-noteworthy was had. Whatever issues people may have with random crashes it hasn't happened to me. Homeworld was a near flawless experience when it was released, one of the absolutely best strategy games ever made. What this remastered edition brings though is so much more than just a higher available resolution and support for inherent 64-bit systems. The graphics are now current generation level. Same with the sound and the classic cinematic sequences. To get that kind of update is like turning Quake into Crysis 3. The difference IS that big. Another great addition is the remade UI, the greatest improvement over the old HW 1 system. And of course let us not forget the updated multiplayer with quite a fair amount of new mechanics to spice things up.I would say it's not just a remastered edition of the original games, but this is exactly what should be expected from a remastered edition. This is what a remastered edition of any game should actually do. It's not just a relabel of the game; it's what would be expected of an RTS title released today.But then again, this is Homeworld. It was already a real-time strategy diamond and credit to Gearbox for all the hard work that went into this. They know what they're doing. They WANT this to be every bit as good as it can be, and it shows."
76561197986475240,Recommended,244160,14712680,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,MattC455,"When I first heard that Homeworld was being ""Remastered"" I feared the worst.  Thankfully those fears were unfounded and what has been produced by Gearbox is fully deserving of the title.  Thank you for treating a masterpiece of gaming with the respect that it deserves."
76561198007409411,Recommended,244160,14713034,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,trevinc,"One of my favorite strategy games of ALL TIME!!This franchise and me go back a ways...i was a younger teen when Homeworld came out and I had to have it!  The game was the first of its kind. at least it was for me anyways...Unfortunately the consoles started to show their faces, and I was taken from pc to consoles.It would be years before I would buy a pc again and I bought a laptop. Good thing im a game horder, because I still had my copy of Homeworld. Got back into the game and relived soo many memories.....and soon I would stumble upon Homeworld 2....""What?"" I had no idea that there was a sequel....as I said it had been years....so I magicaly found a copy online and man was this a even BETTER experiance than the original!....Alas...It would be short lived as my laptop would die, and I found myself once more sucked into the next console generation.....As fate would have it...some more years would go by and this new next gen of consoles would be emerging...and I would not be suckered by this so called ""NEW NEXT GEN""...So I went and got myself a high end gaming pc....the bad news is that I would not be able to enjoy my Homeworld games any more....well not to the extent that they once did...as the game did not support higher res grapgics that are out now.But GearBox has done something special by REMASTERING a MASTERPIECE! and once again I can enjoy this amazing franchise once more!!Well done GearBox!...there was alot of bad hype that this company was recieving. But this was done right in soo many ways!Thank you,10/10!!!"
,Recommended,244160,14713289,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Roamin,"This is a cautious recommendation.The game is playable with some minor bugs in the remastered versions. Three of the Four games included work as they should. As of today (3/1/15) the price for the game is $34.99.The problem with one of the games, Homeworld Remastered, is that formations with a couple of craft don't work as they did in the classics. It's not game breaking as players could work around the issues presented by the different engine. Even though this problem does exist, the original Homeworld is also bundled in the package, but I'm a little saddened that my experience of Homeworld 1 Remastered is going to be half baked.The rest of the games in my experience work as they should. I think Homeworld 2 Classic still has the emblems of the ships glowing a different shade from the rest of the ships on my GTX780, but Homeworld 2 Remastered has no such problem.For the price they're asking for, I think this purchase is just. They could have easily copped out a console asking price of $60 dollars, but they didn't.$10 for every working game, and $4.99 for Homeworld 1 Remastered"
76561198011573920,Recommended,244160,14713368,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,rit,"It's a remastering of two old games, so there are limits to what you can expect. Saying that the old games in question are classics so the having access to them again on new hardware was worth the cost from my point of view.The update also comes with improved graphics so the 3d models now look great at 2560x1400 on a 27"" monitor, much in the same way that I remember how goood the originals looked at 1280x1024 on a 21"" monitor.If you have played the original games (and can still remember back that far) you are looking at around 30 hours of game play to complete the included missions. beyond that there are PvC skirmish modes and a PvP system in beta."
76561197979095304,Recommended,244160,14713822,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,pjtrap,"The game is awsome.  If you like to get your thills with real time strategy games, this is a must have.  If you enjoyed these two Space Operas when they came out 15 years ago, the updated graphics will have you thrilled.  The detail work is so good that it seems that I could actually climb into the Interceptor and fly it myself.I had some issues early on getting my desktop graphics card to work properly.  With a bit of helpful advice from the online forum folk,  I was able to navigate to the .exe file and click ONE BOX and PRESTO...the game worked.If you have never played this game and like strategy games: get it.If you played it before, but enjoy the quality of today's games on today's graphics cards: get it."
,Recommended,244160,14713859,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Silverstar,Simply awesome.
,Recommended,244160,30519250,Posted: 14 March,all,Komplex,"Loved the original, but I just couldn't get into this one. I'm going to recommend though as I seem to be the exception."
76561198052265136,Recommended,244160,33775708,Posted: 24 July,all,The Gaelic Ghost,a real kick to play
,Recommended,244160,33805423,Posted: 26 July,all,thegoresucker300,A timeless classic revived.
76561198114735442,Recommended,244160,33813090,Posted: 26 July,all,jimmy.johnson,yes i know my hrs are very high but that just shows how good the game is and the vanilla game is just absoluetly brilliant and the mods you can get from the steam workshop are just amazing
76561198136458947,Recommended,244160,33802727,Posted: 26 July,all,Superkamipopo,i wish the game was more active but it did come out in 2015 love the game tho
76561198051551071,Recommended,244160,18810940,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Ubilaz,The UI in the original versions is way better than in the remastered version. The remaster is also uglier and less responsive. Great job bringing it back though!
76561198020393108,Recommended,244160,14761187,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,ghoenghoen,"Fair Warning, I didn't play the originals so no rose tinted nostalgia glasses here.I can only talk about the game that is, and this is probably one of the most immersive and original RTS ever made.  Graphics are beautiful, story is epic, and gameplay is interesting and complex.If you want a perfect copy of the original homeworld, don't buy this, there are enough whiners on that account. If you are looking for a strategy title unlike any other get this ASAP"
76561198010359764,Recommended,244160,14807602,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Hojou,One of the best games I've ever played.  So happy to see it back and alive!
76561197970344710,Recommended,244160,14758626,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Johan,"Great visual update of the best RTS ever. Highly recommended, especially if you liked the old Homeworld games."
76561197967210579,Not Recommended,244160,33843210,Posted: 27 July,all,ranger1909,Unit scaling is still terrible.  Heavy Corvettes and Light Corvettes are useless.  The game also has some serious balancing issues.  I played this game when it first came out in 1999.  It has since been dated by other better games.  It is also does not give you end of game stats.  Wish I didn't buy this today.
76561198369952165,Recommended,244160,30684949,Posted: 23 March,all,zeno0463,"Incredible dynamics throughout the game, would recommend to sci-fi fans. Most missions require strategy, planning and the ability to adapt to the AI's built-in objectives."
,Recommended,244160,32510925,Posted: 17 June,all,Knowledge1970,":hiigarans:  A classic. If you loved the original as I did, then the remake is a must buy."
,Recommended,244160,14824755,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,[OcUK] Reppyboyo,"Made a quick little video showing my thoughts on HW1 Remastered here:http://youtu.be/3-76OJlWgUkOverall, despite a few niggles here and there they have done a great job."
76561198007787335,Recommended,244160,16435539,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Rain177aker,EPIC!!!
76561198123618057,Recommended,244160,20358668,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,GeneralWorthington,"Me building a ship, it get's blown up by alien's! 10 out of 10 would play again"
,Recommended,244160,14717704,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Mil,"Because SPACE RTS. But Seriously, an amazing, well built game."
76561197966588028,Recommended,244160,14667113,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Slowz28guy,Played the entire Homeworld series when they were originally released and this remaster lets anyone who played the original releases relive it through rose tented glasses.  The only thing that would make this release any better is if it paves the way for a Homeworld 3.
,Recommended,244160,14788183,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Ragnaros: The Fire Lord,"I've always loved RTS games with a serious passion since I first started playing video games and I must say that this one is the most fun I've had in years  playing a game.Cons-Because there are so few id rather start with these:One issue many people harp on in the review section is that when you form up an attack formation that the ships end up running into eachother, getting in each other's ways and leaving eachother behind which is kind of a problem when you start getting the late game slow-but-powerful ships mixxed in with your Multi-gun corvets and bombers leaving the powerful capital ships behind. The tutorial says that when ships are in a formation that they willconform to the slowwest ship's speed which makes me think that this will soon be resolved but for now(7/3/15) it is still a problem for me.Pros-Pretty much everything else that the game involves. the combat is well scaled and balanced for the size and scale of the map. Different kinds of ship classes and research trees throughout a game make it very fun and gave me a good three hours of gameplay when I first sat down which is a very good thing with someone as busy as I. The gameplay is slow paced which makes me believe tat we wont be seeing a competitive league for Homeworld but thats not a problem.Final Verdict-The game is very fun and will provide you with hours and hours of entertainment for the lovers of RTS games. The learning curve is kind of steep but at the same time very refreshing compared to games that hold your hand the whole way through. There are some small problems with squadron attack formation but otherwise a very polished and and smooth game that people of all ages can enjoy."
76561197983662248,Recommended,244160,14800905,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,TechieRefugee,"Since this game is actually four games in one, or more accurately, two games and two remasters, I'll be reviewing each one individually. I will also play the remasters first before I go and play the classic editions. The classic edition reviews will be more of a compare and contrast to the remasters in things like HUD, tactical options, balance, etc. Since I don't stand a chance in hell in putting all four reviews on one review, I'll have four separate Pastebin links, of which I will be writing reviews for each game as I complete them.Homeworld 1 Remastered:http://pastebin.com/Fih6CVUQ8/9/5/4; 8.7/10.Homeworld 1 Classic: Not finishedHomeworld 2 Remastered: Not finishedHomeworld 2 Classic: Not finished"
,Recommended,244160,14801703,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,EKS,"Its homeworld, but only prettier."
76561198050914161,Recommended,244160,14825928,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,knarra234,Awesome Game. Unit and Civilization unit and gameplay variety provide hours of fun and excitement. Awesome Workshop mods out there as well to provide new and exciting features
76561198009315449,Recommended,244160,16453963,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Retr0C,Still great after all these years. Gearbox did an outstanding job with the Remaster. Thumbs up.
,Recommended,244160,16640847,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Ickie•°,"Very well done,good job!..I had HW2 thats all,but even i notice the diffrences straight away!..Seems more challenging too,and as though it was made recently!If you missed the Steam Summer Sale,then thats unlucky but this IS still worth every penny."
76561197961168816,Recommended,244160,16573387,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,A|<iRa,"Is, and will always be one of my fav games..nuff said."
,Recommended,244160,27752265,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,mightygunfrog,Never got to play this until now really glad i picked it up.
76561198072536520,Recommended,244160,27720696,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Jubei,Nice game. Nostalgic.
,Recommended,244160,14656180,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Arkham Horror,"As a lad, I played these games until I died. As punishment for wasting my life, I was compelled by the Fates to linger as a spirit upon this earth until I recanted and gave up Homeworld and Homeworld 2. After years of not being able to play these games on modern machines, Gearbox has ensured that my damned existence shall continue until the heat death of the universe."
,Recommended,244160,14654516,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Revenant_Duck,"Like so many other reviews, this is not my first time with the Homeworld series. Ive been playing these games for the better part of 10 years. Theyve been my rock. The standard from which Ive judged other RTS and space strategy games. No game has surpassed these games in terms of space battle epicness. Not in the 15 years since the release of HW:1. Gearbox has done a great job. Whatever your feelings about them, they delivered on their promise with this. With the success of HW: Remastered I hope to see more Homeworld games, or at least more space RTS games. If your new to the series, give it a try. If you have any intrest in space combat, RTS, games with good stories and deep lore, or any combination of the above, you will love it."
,Recommended,244160,14655710,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,ShadowKnight,"I've never played Homeworld before, but this caught my eye. The Remastered Collection is overall great and well worth the money. I never pre-order games but I'm glad I did. Good work Gearbox! One note, it has locked up a few times on menu screens and crashed once. Otherwise it's stable though."
,Recommended,244160,14660120,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Poringmaster,"Having played the classics before the release of the Remastered Collection, I think I could call myself a Homeworld Veteran.So nostalgia came in as I saw the announcement of this remaster hoping that it will be done well.I can 100% say that I was not disappointed, the game looks beautiful, the sounds are smooth and the UI is much more comfortable.To everyone who likes RTS games this is a must buy."
76561198030857261,Recommended,244160,14666924,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,POPOP,"One of THE best RTS games ever. Great to be back playing it and looking forward for more installments in the future.Gotta fix the bugs though. Keep having the screen blackout in the middle of any level, have to restart every time.9/10"
,Recommended,244160,14667000,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,LVirus,"Such memories, much wow.A classic game of early adulthood brought back to life in modern systems. So long free time."
76561197972349572,Recommended,244160,14668786,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,GeneralBriggs,An excellent update to one of the most vital and entertaining RTS games ever made. A must buy for any fan of the genre.
76561197968508695,Recommended,244160,16491761,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Starblade,One of my favorite games growing up. Amazing remaster of an all time classic. Recommended!
76561197960703248,Recommended,244160,16629340,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Furion,"Was a big fan of Homeworld 2, never played the original so now I finally will. Only played a few levels but they definitely managed to keep the unique Homeworld look and feel, so liking it very much so far!"
,Recommended,244160,16457303,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Tweaker,"This is what RTS fans waited for a long time. Great Soundtrack, Great Storyline, Great Atmossphere, Great RTS. The improved grafics and performance (specially multiplayer). Sadly Cataclyst is missing in this bundle but still worth to pick this masterpiece up."
,Recommended,244160,16481186,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,thedjtm,"The game draws you in with its story, its gameplay and its graphics. I'm really happy I got it. I have played it when it first came out, though I had forgotten most of it. And everything is so much prettier now.(+) Interesting story, well told(+) Nice graphics(+) easy to start(+) Remastered works on Linux (Ubuntu & PlayonLinux, though not Crossover atm)(+) Mod for color blind people (only the remastered versions)(+) Works on very old computers with the original low-end versions (Linux untested, Version 1 worked for me with Crossover and manually editing registry to activate d3d though)(-) Does not yet work for most people with Steam Home Streaming. (green screen only)(-) Does get a bit slow with many units, but that might be my slow system and bad cooling (mobile AMD IGP). Might have to reduce the resolution."
,Recommended,244160,16577972,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,NinesThousand,Being a fan of anything space-themed I picked this up on the summer sale and I was not disappointed. Its a very fun and addictive Real Time Strategy where you command fleets of spaceships in full 3D. I haven't played the original Homeworld games but I can say that this one is very good and visually stunning. If you like Real Time Strategy this is a great game to get. There is actually alot of orders you can give your fleets ranging from guarding units to moving into a formation of some sort. I'd reccomend doing the tutorial but even so its easier then I thought to grasp the mechanics of it. This remastered collection comes with two games and I got it on sale for about 14 bucks but would easily pay full price for it its that good.
76561198005285582,Recommended,244160,14791028,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,CryogenX,Awesome game. Great rejuvenation of the franchise.
76561197993257798,Recommended,244160,14829693,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Dick in a box,MMMMM good
76561198006410816,Recommended,244160,29891984,Posted: 12 February,all,Jane's Valiant Knight,"super fun, one of the best games I have ever played!"
,Recommended,244160,14817832,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Ogelthorpe,Join MP game as Vaygr.  Build nothing but missle corvettes.10/10
,Recommended,244160,16432010,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,tankengine,this game makes me smile
,Recommended,244160,16437118,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,SylintKnight,Homeworld is awesome definitely buy it! The trailer is also really good; I have seen it several times.
,Recommended,244160,16501607,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Mangonator™,One of the best space RTS games I've played for a long time.
76561198091442760,Recommended,244160,16528307,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Autonomix,Very nice remake of the classic game alot of us remember. Multiplayer is a bit buggy and unbalanced. Hoping this will improve over time though
76561198001915904,Recommended,244160,16551080,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,underd0g,"A faithful remaster of my favorite space strategy game of all time.  Possibly my favorite game.  The graphics updates are stunning, and Gearbox has been faithful to patch to improve balancing and fix bugs.  The voice acting is so much better than most strategy games, which is a pet peeve of mine.  There are a few good mods out there too.   If you want a fair challenge, love space strategy or beautiful spaceship design, love the original, or like to watch ships blow up and go boom, then this is the game for you."
,Recommended,244160,16631754,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Lord B. Wellington,"The interface is hard to get used to, but once you do it's well worth the money.Never played a strategy game that required so much strategy. (and I don't mean fast clicking).Would reccomend to anyone who wants to experience a space fleet battle."
76561198089033700,Recommended,244160,16459198,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Horizon,Ok. I'm only 2.4 hours into this game at this point and I'm already impressed.10/10 : would make chess champions cry.
76561197995759650,Recommended,244160,16572647,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Dhigital Pak Rhatt,Liking what I have seen so far.  I really enjoyed the original game when it first came out.  The remastered graphics look great.
76561198001269630,Recommended,244160,16584731,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Firehawk5037,This was a game that I loved when I was a kid and one that has been hard to replicate in my opinion. I never thought I would see the day that Homeworld would be given a remaster. On top of that you can also play the original versions which lets you see how far graphically it has come since its inception. If you are at all a fan of the RTS genre you owe it to yourself to get this game.
,Recommended,244160,16432966,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,theGeneralC,"This is my favourite game of all time. I originally played this as a kid, and could never beat it, through years of trying. I still have the original disc from it, and I can't recommend anything as high as I recommend this game. This is really a different experience to every rts, every space game, every strategy you've ever played.If any of the above interest you, please pick it up, it's the best thing I've ever played. This game came out in the 90s, and the remastering brings a new beautiful face to a game that has more depth and detail to the strategy, control, and environment than anything I've ever seen since.Highest recommendation, try it out"
76561198009883542,Recommended,244160,16485748,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,SlaughterStone,Loved it when it was new and love the remastered edition!
,Recommended,244160,14669214,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,ICEMAN,Its the way you remember it being. But If you play the old homeworld it looks awful. Gearbox did a great job bringing this game up to modern times and leaving the rest of it alone!
76561198035472567,Recommended,244160,14668524,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Bcm27,"Remarkable one of the best premastered editions of a game I have ever played. Having played through the first original homeworld and homeworld 2 this makes me extremely happy. When I attempted to install them on my updated operating system I was sorely disappointed when they did not run correctly. Now however I can play to my hearts content!If you love Homeworld, you will love this. If you love Space RTS, you will love this. If you just love amazing sounds and graphics, you will love this. Like i said. One word... AmazingBig applause to all the guys that worked on this at Gearbox and for the original developers and voice actors (Which helped with premastered). You guys made a masterpiece into an even better masterpiece100000/10 would definitly buy again, and once more for all my friends."
,Recommended,244160,14668733,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,DamageBats,"When I first played this game years ago when it was in it's ""Game of the year"" release, I got chills from the reveal of the mothership, in all it's pixellated glory. Something about that hymn that plays during the intro just gives it a truly epic feeling. Same thing happened again on loading the remastered version. I can't believe how perfectly they remade Homeworld, the small UI tweaks are FANTASTIC and they somehow made a perfect game better.Now that the new formation tweaks are out, reinstalling to start from scratch."
76561197968391897,Recommended,244160,14668999,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,ΜӘĸąИỊk,"just love it. up until recently ive been playing from my hw2 disk,  and never online now im just excited to see all the fans still out there. great game great remaster some bugs but nothing game breaking"
76561198007300718,Recommended,244160,14653918,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,WsntMe,You sirs have outdone yourself.  This was worth the wait!!!  Make a Homeworld 3???  Please please!!!
76561198000695807,Recommended,244160,14656138,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Rygel XVI,"WOW What a beautiful game. I never played Homeworld but played a lot of Homeworld 2. The difference between the original and the remastered is staggering in terms of graphics. The gameplay is as i remembered and is a delight to play again.The inclusion of MP is a awesome bonus and look forward to playing it with my mates. This is a space RTS that has no peers in terms of epicness and completeness. IF you're an old HW2 fan or sitting on the fence... JUST buy it. The story alone is fantastic.Moving the UI elements from Homeworld 2 to Homeworld was a good call. So there is no getting used to another interface.I'm runningWin7Intel 2600k16 gig Ram780 GTXAll options maxed and NO fps issues at all.For $35.00 you get 4 games albiet 2 are the remmastered versions, plus MP.Just a GREAT game. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!"
,Recommended,244160,14656312,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,The Nameless One,"There are several negative reviews here talking about the menu overlay that lets you pick the various games: Multiplayer Beta, HW 1, HW 2, HW Remastered 1, HW remastered 2. The game isn't bugged and the menu works fine.I never had a chance to play these when they first came out. I'm about five missions in and I'm jumping up for joy with fun. It's like battlestar galactica the game! so awesome"
76561198022263223,Recommended,244160,14659257,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,jeandeaux,"Day 1 review:This is a very good remastered version, I'm only 5 missions into the remastered HW1 and thus far it's pretty much as advertised, a remastered version of the original, though it's definately not the same mechanics.  The UI has been redone, and redone very well.  The original musical scores so far have remained and most of the voice actors are also the same, though the updated dialog seems a bit rushed on delivery and a ""small"" amount of that original emotion has been lost, but overall still very good, and if you've never played before you'll probably never notice but is something to enjoy in the classic version if you opt to play that.The graphics are fantastic and the new animations are quite impressive, love the new booms and kapows!  There are a few issues in the remastered version, formations aren't quite working right, support ships aren't supporting correctly, and you're not able to select your desired race in the campaign mode anymore.  So the old tactics need to altered to compensate for the new mechanics a bit, hopefully we'll see updates to correct these issues.Overall a very respectful and appreciated update to an old classic I actually still played from time to time."
76561198006840624,Recommended,244160,14659864,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,faizalcypher,"I was 17 when this game first came out. And that amaze balls feeling you get when you first play this game is still there. The story is great it is a bit of Battlestar galatica feel to it. The game plays so seemlessly it is fairly brutal in its learning curve tho you got to manage your fleet well keeping your fighters busy getting rid of bombers and corvettes while keeping your capital ships alive, and frigates moving to get the rear and top of other capital ships. It is quite chaotic once the battle commence and you got to be aware of the whole situation zooming in and out of the tactical map and strategic map as well.Focus too much on the big fight and you might face a small yet destructive unit that hits your harvesters on the far end of your map.I rate it highly to anyone whom like RTS games"
76561198073565646,Recommended,244160,14667027,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Marlamin87,I'm 12 again. And universe is beatiful.
76561197962774478,Recommended,244160,14659868,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Arctes,Homeworld has probably one of my all time favorite single player stories. And they really did an amazing job upgrading the graphics. This game was way ahead of its time when it first released and im so happy to see it again. I hope everyone gets a chance to experience it first hand though.
,Recommended,244160,14668247,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Sniper,"Still a few minor bugs here and there, but I have to say Gearbox and Blackbird did an awesome job! The Homeworld series have always been my favorite games and Gearbox and Blackbird did an excellent job of updating both of these games to today's graphical standards. The artwork and story for the Homeworld series blows me away. Although the source code is lost, hopefully they will still find a way to remaster Cataclysm as well (I can dream right!)"
76561198052648564,Recommended,244160,15425494,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,alain-iz,homeworld 1  some mission and tactic formation are broken that been said love the beta multiplayer merging both hw1 and 2 love adding new mods in the game the graphic has been greatly improoved people say theres no tutorial but there is. Is it worth 38$ can? maybe not for veterans unless your a big fan and like to go back into it and play it with high definition visual graphic. But for the new comers totally worth it.
76561198016424641,Recommended,244160,34135316,Posted: 9 August,all,Deo,+++masterpiece storytelling
76561198125829072,Recommended,244160,14780194,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,[ER24] Zong,great game
,Recommended,244160,21129712,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,tas,"Homeworld is a classic. steam should have homeworld cataclysm but of course theres is a mod to add stuff from it (The Beast, Somtaaw) But the game is a good classic RTS. Very good mods on it. if i were to reccomend a mod on the workshop it would be complex 9.1. A large but extensive mod that can prolong this games already long lifetime. Not to mention homeworld 2 is harder than Homeworld 1 indefinetly. I would reccomend this game to anyone who loves RTS and strategy."
76561198050971909,Recommended,244160,14680718,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,F4TheGold,Epic
76561198026852378,Recommended,244160,19127884,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Slayer__Dave,All Round Great Game
76561198104361493,Recommended,244160,26410182,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Viperpilot,LOVE IT. One of the first games. I played as a kid and still love playing if
76561198238657670,Recommended,244160,28696876,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Tzeentch,Great game.
76561198110160882,Recommended,244160,28577420,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Kyle,Just as good as i remember
,Recommended,244160,16319042,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Vigil,"I pre-ordered this game when it first came out, and while I enjoyed it, I got stuck on certain technical issues and eventually lost interest.On the recommendation of a friend, I picked it up again recently due to a new patch being introduced which helped rebalance many of the game's issues with formations, among other issues. This time around, I'm shocked I was ever able to put it down. This game has incredible atmosphere, and no RTS comes close to having the gravitas that Homeworld accomplishes.Highly recommended for RTS fans, Sci-Fi fans, and fans of the incredible Battlestar Galactica reboot."
76561198018244326,Recommended,244160,28567943,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Hannes,"Excellent version of this classic RTS game. After having enjoyed this for countless hours when this game was originally released, this remastered collection brings this game back in an excellent way."
,Recommended,244160,14848094,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,La_Cucaracha,"Well 16 hours through and campaign complete.Admittedly without formations things were a little more difficult, but not so much that it's unpassable (I just passed it!)  I played the original when it came out, and pre-ordered here. I can't say that without these features that this game isn't HomeWorld.  The story, the voice acting, the music, the gameplay, it's still all top notch.   This is what really made Homeworld.So I have to naysay the naysayers.   You still get the originals if you need to be that purist.  Maybe they'll patch it, but the game was very releasable at the point it is today.  It's still a fun game that can invoke emotion in you.For folks who have never played...Homeworld was created during a time 3D on a computer was still in its infancy.  There was a lot of games made at the time that were duds, and a few greats like Homeworld.    The game did well enough to warrant 2 sequels and a port to Mac.You play the part of a exiled race who discovers warp technology.  As soon as you fire up your engines, those that exiled you come and destroy the only home you had, the desert world they left you stranded on 4000 years earlier.   As the fleet, you are responsible for the last remaining survivors of your planet.  There is no turning back.As you progress through the game, you research new ships, each with unique abilities.  Levels are laid out in a way where you have to put every newly learned ability to use, almost like a Puzzle.If you've ever watched The Angry Video Game Nerd talk about how perfect Mega Man X is for teaching you how to play, through gameplay, Homeworlds puzzles are a bit like that.One peice of advice I can give... Save.. Save often.  It sucks to have spent an hour trying to get through a level, only to die right before the end."
76561198056676715,Recommended,244160,14862952,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,springmouse,must get
,Recommended,244160,14847503,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,IZAK,Beautiful. Violent. Depressing. Fulfills my childhood. Pity that Cataclysm wasnt a parnt of this.
,Recommended,244160,14873116,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Finite Monkey,"It feels strange to be putting this up as a good thing, but they've barely changed a thing on this remastering, which is perfect.What the have updated, primarily the textures and lighting, looks so good, it's hard to put into words.If you loved Homeworld, before, there's been no better time (or way) for a revisit. Get. on. this."
76561198128592350,Recommended,244160,14873572,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,RaidenDerpy,"Great game back in 1999 and 2004 and now looks even better! Tons of fun to be had with this game.Having that been said there are a few issues I think need to be said for those who played both games back when they originally came out. First off, the tactics that were replaced in HW1 kinda kill some of the gameplay. Fighters and ships dont hold formation when attacking as they did in the original game. As soon as they engage on an enemy they all just seem to fly around all willy nilly, fighters especially.Second, the game glitched and gave me way too many resources on the third mission in and made the rest of the game too easy after that. I didn't have to plan attacks or harvest wrecks to scrape up precious resouces. Nope, just build wrecklessly and send constant waves at the enemy.The biggest let down, in my opinion, is once I beat the game I was not rewarded with that sweet jam by YES. Seriously, that made me sad not to hear that. Honestly, nothing could take us far enough, emotion, far enough... You get the picture. But despite all of that, It's still a great game that everyone that loves RTS and space operas should enjoy. It's still fun to play to this day."
76561197962108249,Recommended,244160,14894284,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,tknojnky,"There are some bad reviews of this game out there, but I feel as though they were written by the ultimate hardcore ""space simulator"" crowd. These games were indeed groundbreaking in their time, and as such, should be given some breathing room. Yes they changed the combat tactics, yes they merged the versions, but you should be happy that someone managed to bring back such an epic game series. I, for one, have enjoyed every minute!"
,Recommended,244160,14846785,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Laivindil,"Homeworld is my all time favorite game. I couldn't wait when I heard it had a new life.The remastered version is excellent and worthy of a purchase. It needs some polish, that the first patch has already gone a long way towards seeing out. The only major gripe I have is the complete lack of the formation feature from HW1. Strike craft do not operate as they should, and act like they do in HW2 which is the engine Remastered is built from.All other aspects are top notch. Mod support, amazing graphics, staying true to the tone, sound and look of the originals. I really hope this is a new start for the Homeworld universe."
76561197997149672,Recommended,244160,14851022,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,tomcr2100,"It's  difficult to recommend or not not recommend this game. I did play both Homeworld games, and i think that HW2 lost something of what made HW1 great : tactics, formations, and most importantly 3d manouering. If you played HW1 you probably noticed that in HW2 ships manouver only on a 2d plane first, and when moving vertically they stay aligned to the horizontal plane, while in HW1 they actually turn towards their destination (e.g. if they move up, they move nose up) and hw2 they only turn in one plane, and move up or down without changing their orientation (they stay parallel to a virtual ground). In other words, its not really 3D anymore.Also, formations next to useless : they dont fight in formations. Annoyance is that ships has a tendency just do whatever they want - like you are capturing a ship they will quite happily shoot it into pieces despite giving them the stand down order.On the other hand, there is a lot of eye candy. If you preferred the simplified HW2 over HW1, this is a game for you.  I wanted to say I dont recommend, but this is still not a bad game to play and i can't say i did regret the purchase. I wish they would remastered HW1 instead of HW2 as the main game. But have the classics to play :)"
,Recommended,244160,14895771,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Baodrin,A masterful rework of a fantastic and original game series.  There is still really nothing like it out there and if you missed these the first time around then you owe it to yourself to give the remastered collection your full attention.
76561197999856080,Recommended,244160,14901450,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Zayralover,"I remember playing Hoemworld 02 back in the good 'ol days of the early 2000s (lol I sound so old).This new version, is simply breathtaking. Its graphically gorgeous, the campaing is every bit as awesome as the last, and it cost only 35 bucks or something. :)Definetely a MUST BUY for Space Strategy addicts."
,Recommended,244160,14911294,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Henners,"Its Homeworld. Nuff said really......but if you dont want more, its all been hauled up to date graphically and the soul of the games are there. Is it any good though? well I have 100%ed it, which is pretty rare in my steam library.Homeworld 1 is still better than Homeworld 2 mainly because the story goes a bit iffy in 2, not to mention the very elastic autobalance. Homeworld 1 is pretty buggy in this incarnation though;Fighter craft are a complete waste of space due to the fact its been done in the Homeworld 2 engine where they need squadrons to be effective and the biggest issue of all is that formations just dont work. Ships line up prettily until given any order than they start clumping up like a bunch of 5 year olds playing football)If you can get past those problems (and its certainly not hard to do so - just requires a little tactics adjustment)One last thing - dont spend forever capturing everything you can in Homeworld 1. Once you get bigger capital ships you soon realise that in this remake since all of the damage has been upped frigates are made of paper and die before they get into range of a battlecruiser, so really its just a waste of your time, no matter how appealing that massive ball of ion frigates looks on THAT one level. You know what I'm talking about homeworld players..."
,Recommended,244160,14897613,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Dinoworld112,IF you like space rts games and mods buy it  :) <3
76561197962001763,Recommended,244160,14843566,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,[CUC] Funiculus,A great remastering of the original; still every bit as fun as you remember.  This is a great choice for anyone who enjoys a space-themed RTS.
,Recommended,244160,14846450,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Destruction66,This is awsome noeersgbjdfi jnls;zebx yes it's fun!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! this is not a good revew!
76561198009614111,Recommended,244160,14846852,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Illuminated,"Honestly I can't say anything about the campains of thomeworld remastered I have just been doing multiplayer or skirms vs AI.  I have read some of the negative reviews and they are not true.  I put my fighters in formations, and can choose what stance they use.  Mixing homeworld 1 and 2 races is an awesome idea.  Both sides have their ups and downs.  I have played a HWI race the taiidan in multiplayer and whomped some serious♥♥♥♥♥  I also played the vaygr.  I stay away from the goodie two-show hiigarans and kushan.  That being said the multiplayer is quite unstable.  People drop for no reason.  I can only assume the server is jacked up.  When the games do get off the ground it is really fun.  I played a ffa match with 6 players that almost lasted 2 hours.  This game kicks most modern-day games asses.  It was good 15 years ago and it is even better now.  Their is a bit of a learning curve though as each race is quite different.  So just practice them all against the computer, see whitch one or more is right for you.  then have a blast."
76561198010452008,Recommended,244160,14847574,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Maximum Carnage,"Fairly good space rts for the price, nice visuals overall and a 3 dimensional combat system.The only downside is i usually find i have too limited of resources to go all out at times. But that does make it an actual challenge for those of you who know what tham means in a strategy game. spam = fail. Overthought out maticulously executed plans = win, maybe.NOTE for those who have not played before capturing during campaign is extremely helpfull."
,Recommended,244160,24600840,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Commander Wolf,great game good story good gameplay. it will take you a few games to get the hang of it but once you do it a cake walk. i give it a 10/10
76561198117034612,Recommended,244160,20547216,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,DEATHIAMBECOME,"One of the greatest games I have ever played.  Hopefully, they remake cataclysm to."
,Recommended,244160,31075781,Posted: 11 April,all,Lord Horu$,"===A Remaster, remastered! ===At launch, the game was very flawed, BUT they've addressed almost everything with a HE-UGE patch! They even re-ballanced some of the old flaws the original had, like overly strong Battlecruisers. Version 2 of the game almost feels like a remaster of the remaster. It took them 8 months to get the feedback from the community and rewrite the engine, so the AI behaves more closely to the original first part of the series and the result:FORMATIONS WORK NOW!!! :DWhat else should i say? It is Space RTS at its finest. The Homeworld Series always was the crown jewel, when it comes to this niche of the RTS genre. So if you like Space, RTS, Spaceships, and spaceships in space in space battles packed into an RTS: THIS GAME IS A MUST BUY!"
76561198016096428,Recommended,244160,30909951,Posted: 2 April,all,mredcbr1000rr,"I played Homeworld when it first hit the shelves back in ye olden times and even then I knew it was excellent. The real proof of this game's cutting edge nature, however, is that even now it can still stand proud with games a decade newer. The story, animation, and music were mind-blowing then... and are still beautiful. This is a game with nail-biting pacing, haunting story-telling, and truly three-dimensional tactical options. Quit thinking about it and just buy the damn thing."
,Recommended,244160,30972289,Posted: 5 April,all,Bazelbee,"Still as awesome as the originals, but now looks amazing on my 4K screen.The gameplay, story, and UI still hold up with modern games and can still be binge-played! love this game to bits.well worth the purchase again. Would love to see support for Mac V PC functionality in the future but understand the difficulties in getting the two platforms to match up (miss playing this with my brother since he got a mac for work)"
76561197960777539,Recommended,244160,31006629,Posted: 7 April,all,Guerillaz&Gunz,"""Hiigara, our home.."""
,Recommended,244160,31057587,Posted: 10 April,all,Death_by_jaffa_cakes,Pretty awesome :)
76561198000424337,Recommended,244160,30998689,Posted: 7 April,all,Klaw,"Diehard HW2 player from back in the day and this is a absolute flawless upgrade that plays just like the old game with better graphics.  This is an almost 20 year old game that is still superior to most modern games.  You'd be hard pressed to find space battles are awe inspiring as this one, it's like playing a live action Battlestar Galactica. In fact I think there is a BSG mod for this to do just that."
,Recommended,244160,30985054,Posted: 6 April,all,Sneaky Lamb,Fun to play with mods. havent actually played the vanila♥♥♥♥♥
76561197994213043,Recommended,244160,18659708,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Deltaskater,"I dont even need to play the remastered to write a review.Edit: Okay i lied, i have to play 5 mins of it. This was the worst game ever! No i'm kidding.I've owned the original since I was a child. This was the first video game I owned and played, and without hesitation I bought it. This game is amazing. I love it. And to be honest I've never actually finished the game. I always die. LOL. Then again I haven't played it in years, so i'm excited to boot it back up and try again. The single player is slow at first but gets amazing! and the multiplayer amazing. Team up with someone then kill them later or just kill everyone. Its great! And now thats its in 4K. thats awesome. Everyone buy this game. Do it right now!Edit: So after playing the remastered verison, i still love the game. The controls are different and aren't like the original homeworld. However the game play is still the game. I played it on both mac and pc. Runs great! single and multiplayer work great. I love it. Always have always will. Still a great game. 10 out of 10 would bang."
76561197994349531,Recommended,244160,14657287,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,rithfung,"Cry when i see the baserunner!All aside, this is still the homeworld I know, good job gearbox!10/10 recover the hyperspace core again"
,Recommended,244160,14657322,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Kamikazeha,This game changed my life
,Recommended,244160,20863214,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Spooky,"These games look amazing, even the classics look promising, but only HW 1 classic starts all the others dont even try.Im looking around on the forums and guides but i have yet to find something that works.Otherwise i would totaly recomend this entire Collection if the other games are as good as the first one, again, the only one i can play at all...plez help tho ;("
,Recommended,244160,17023278,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,naomha,Hands down the best remake ever done in the history of PC gaming. An epic adventure that spans across 2 games and a wealth of content. If you were never around when this was originally made you owe it to yourself as a strategy fan to pick this up and play it. You will not be sorry.
76561198141181966,Recommended,244160,17463644,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Manta Style,"So after finishing the HW2 campaign again, I felt I must write a review on this one.I LOVE homeworld. I loved it in my childhood, I love it even now. If you've played this back a decade ago, you must surely know how awesome it feels, the music, the atmosphere, the memories coming back and suddenly you realise the fleet is in your hands again, they look AWESOME ( graphics can't be better), and it just makes me feel pumped but forces me to keep my head cool because its a strategy game again. Simply, LOVE THIS REMASTERED GAME. THANK YOU DEVELOPERS.10/10 will play again."
,Recommended,244160,33638021,Posted: 18 July,all,Igneus Tempus,Its one of the best RTS games. Its Classic it contains both homeworld 1 and 2 and its fun. My scoreGameplay 9/10Graphics 9/10Sound 8/10Summary 26/30
,Recommended,244160,17184122,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,JuStX2,"Don't confuse the Homeworld 2 and Homeworld 2 Remastered with ""Homeworld: Cataclysm"" - this isn't that game... :(edit: After a change of heart - I have reversed my review's ""metadata"" but the text remains true: I bought this game thinking it contained ""Homeworld: Cataclysm"" - it does not."
,Recommended,244160,18231573,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Ninjaman773,"This game is one of the best 3d rts games i have ever played. Though after the August 20th update none of the mods work anymore, just a thing i would recomend a look at. Overall still an amazing game."
76561198035755220,Recommended,244160,18236192,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Azrael,A classic remade with beautiful graphics. Need I say more?
76561198063365585,Recommended,244160,24700774,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,The_Q,:D this game is fun a good match sould last 2 hours if your 1v1 on 8 player map. could last all day depending .. enders game :D heavy cruisers or BS .. personaly i like HC ion figs and fighters mix with some attack bombers.
,Recommended,244160,16090527,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Ventus,"What can I say about the greatest game ever? This game stands at the top of a list of extremely amazing game.- Story is top notch. Pick whatever term you want. Classic. Epic. Gripping. They all apply.- Gameplay was/is unrivaled. If side scroller would be 1 plane of movement. Other greats like Age of Empires and Command and Conquer would be 2 planes of movement, but Homeworld offers a true space RTS experience with 3 planes of movement. Swarm from the front, back, left, right, above him, under him, and everything in between. Limited resources per map mean that you need to manage your ships with some level of care (or get big on swarming enemy units with salvage corvettes).- Soundtrack is a cut above all others. Few experiences can top being hit with shocking revelations followed by insurmountable odds all to the timeless masterpiece of Samuel Barber's Adagio for Strings, vocal arrangement, Agnus Dei. More recent music-in-games titles that I would compare this level of excellent soundtrack to would be the Mass Effect Soundtracks and the Witcher 3 Soundtracks, as an example of 'Damn quality game music'.- Modding is somewhat alive. There are quite a few very solid mods for the game. Most notably the Star Wars mods, Mass Effect mods, Star Trek Mods, and all other SciFi reimaginings.- There was/is multilayer capability, but only in skirmish mode.I highly recommend this game for everyone. I wouldn't suggest that its multiplayer experience will grip your gaming attention for months or years, but the single player campaign here is something that can stick with you for a lifetime."
76561197969232287,Recommended,244160,14983722,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Paladin,Never played the original. Really enjoying this version.
76561198097045357,Recommended,244160,29243404,Posted: 14 January,all,Zero101213,"About time an epic game like this was remastered. I started in the HW line years ago with just the demos of 1 and 2.  I HIGHLY recommend this game! Now if I can just see HW:Cataclysm remastered and added, I have been unable to find a way to play it."
,Recommended,244160,29238566,Posted: 13 January,all,R4iS3N,"Great Story, Good Gameplay, Great Graphics, Recommended"
,Not Recommended,244160,14668782,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Kythia,"The ""remastered"" part is well done. Graphics, UI and all that, but I do not remember this many obvious bugs in the old Homeworld.- My research vessel for example is completly invulnerable. I just had 30 enemy fighters and a Heavy Cruiser (!) firing at it and it just kept repairing itself at about 40% health.- Then there is this shrieking sound that seems to come from Corvette and Frigate class ships. It stays even if you move away. Pausing and continueing the game is a workarround.- Captured Taiidan carriers are somehow unable to build anything. Capturing them is semi-useless that way.- Captured ships seem to play the lottery when it comes to their paintjobs. Some stay in Taiidan-yellow while others shine in Kushan-grey. (Edit: I even got one with pink stripes. YMCA-Cruiser!)And this is just Homeworld 1 to about half the missions. None of it is totally gamebreaking, like CTDs or crashes, but it shows a rather unpolished release.Gearbox also couldn't keep their hands off changing things. For example, Fighters don't require fuel anymore, making the Khadesh fuel ships obsolete. While the reasoning behind this is debateable (probably for HW 1&2 multiplayer compatibility), they were somehow unable to fix lacks in the user commands, for example letting Repair Corvettes guard a group of Salvage Corvettes so that they pick targets to repair automatically. This was okay 15 years ago, but today it feels really really annoying to have to micromanagement everything yourself instead of enjoying the broader strategy game in a true three-dimensional environment.Edit: Okay, now that I played through Homeworld 1 I can only say I'm shocked. This is a typical Gearbox game. The beginning is alright and due to the story events epic, but after about half the game it becomes a static ""move there and jump"". Its like the enemy AI is turned off. At the end I had 7 Heavy Cruisers, not of them built, and also 12 Destroyers. And guess what, the Taiidan rebels gifted me two more, like it wasn't easy enough yet.It was said the enemy fleet scales with what the player has, so I was hoping for an epic battle at the end. What I got was 3 enemy Heavy Cruisers. You can guess how epic that was.Another AI shutdown happend at the giant hyperspace inhibitor 2 missions before the finale. There are three jumpgates which you are supposed to destroy, because they'd send reinforcements otherwise. Thing is, there are no reinforcements, EXCEPT when you go for the gates. But then you are already there to destroy whatever comes through. If you leave the gates in peace, you can do your thing without the AI trying to stop you.This was the easiest RTS I've ever played in 20 years since Dune 2, simply because the AI does absolutly nothing. Combined with the goddamn annoying sound bug, Homeworld Remastered 1 is a complete waste of time!"
76561198129957587,Recommended,244160,18274811,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Lysan,"Only 7 hours on record, however Oh boy this game is a gem! How could I ever missed that one out?The game is a true RTS and with a great story.If you haven't played it, if you like RTS. WHAT? are you still here? go get it.Would I recomend this game? 100% YES!"
,Recommended,244160,14736711,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Hobbes,"In the infinite majesty of space, cruelty and beauty can be found in equal measure. A race brought to the very brink of destruction through the violation of a treaty signed millenia ago, left marooned in space clinging to a technology salvaged from ancient ancestors and a single guiding star. Home.This sets the stage for one of the greatest space strategy games of all time, Homeworld. A game that has rarely been aspired to since, and a game filled with ideas that even to this day are rarely even touched upon. Only now a few daring indie developers dare brave the complexities that represent true three dimensional space combat and even then they have yet to come even close to what Homeworld achieved. It was lightning in a bottle, a cult classic synthesised from a pace that was stately enough to appreciate the sheer majesty that the game inspired with its' sweeping scale, a soundtrack that was borne of classical tones and distant melancholy, and a story that took you on a true campaign, where your units would carry over from mission to mission, along with your resource pool.These are all concepts that in most current campaigns are oft ignored, set aside for flashy Michael Bay style set pieces and much shallower, more simplistic stories. Homeworld told stories of shades of grey, of culture, of alien races with diverse backgrounds and lore, of imperialism, of a nebula home to a technologically advanced enclave that sought refuge and peace within the sanctity of drifting ghostlike threads.Homeworld Remastered is a restoration of that premise, Gearbox have carefully and considerately taken the Homeworld 2 interface (the better one) and the source assets, placed them in a more modern, more capable and more mod friendly engine, and then carefully brought the game up to current generation standards, with lighting, depth of field, better framerates, higher resolutions, better texturing, cleaned up the sound work, the whole lot. The result quite literally is Homeworld as viewed through the ""rose tinted glasses of memory"", it's how we always imagined it was in our heads, even if our then much less meaty PC's couldn't QUITE give us the experience that we wished for.The change is stark when placed side by side, it's hard to imagine when you fire up remastered thinking that the ships -didn't- look that impressive before, but when you play the original you then are reminded with a shock that yes, they were kinda blocky and yes, the textures were kinda flat back in the day. That's all gone now, the ships really -do- look like their concept art, they really do move with the kind of majesty and detail that we all imagined they did, the mothership is just crammed with detail, and everywhere you look, there's something that just looks *better* than it did before. The sound too, is crisper, with all the sound assets being cleaned up and provided at a higher fidelity, with the music being remastered at a higher bitrate, again, no changes that alter the fabric of the game, but a subtle re-weaving that change the feel into the game we always remembered it as.You do get a lot of game for your money too, for the asking cost you'll get both Homeworld 1 and 2 remastered, along with their original source games in case you feel like a trip down nostalgia lane and want to do some side by side comparisons (I suggest you do), you also get the multiplayer which brings all four factions into multiplayer together, which is sure to open up some interesting games once they get the code all sorted out and out of ""beta"" (for whatever that term means these days), and you'll get what is quite easily still the greatest space opera strategy ever to grace the PC.Gearbox did good. Everyone was holding their breath because I could imagine the kind of fury that would have been issued forth had they scuffed this, but no. They did good, this has made me a happy tiger, Homeworld is a game that deserved to be brought back, it deserved this remastering, and what you get is quite comfortably the ""definitive"" version of Homeworld. Prepare for a journey unlike any you'll find, this one truly is something special."
,Not Recommended,244160,14665764,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Soulianis,I bought it to play the remastered version of homeworld 1. They managed to make formations completely useless as ships immediately break from them for any reason. The diamond shoals mission is the most frustrating and obnoxious mess. Half of the time frigates simply wont fire at the target and the other half they feel the need to move into point blank range and immediately get rammed by an astroid.I get that the graphics are pretty but what is the point if you remove features that set the game apart?
,Recommended,244160,14720641,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,⎛⎝SPQR//Capt_R_Macys⎠⎞,missing programminghttp://youtu.be/UWNhTSiDS3w
76561197970701643,Recommended,244160,14651355,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Liam Neeson Punching Wolves,This is like Battlestar Galatica without sexy robots that look like lingerie models
76561198047945422,Not Recommended,244160,14671999,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,JJ,"Gearbox has (re)created a beautiful-looking space strategy game that will impress those new to the series but leave oldschool Homeworld fans bitterly dissapointed. If you're looking for some fun multiplayer action you'll love this game but if you want to revisit the classic Homeworld campaign I cannot recommend it unless there's a serious effort by the devs to address the many problems in the launch version. Read below for detailed comments.THE GOOD:- Absolutely gorgeous graphics. Everything looks very nice and with some minor tweaking plays smoothly even on my     not-so-good laptop.- The original artstyle in the cinematics has been faithfully recreated and, again, it all looks very nice.- Excellent, engaging story in HW1:R, same as the 1999 classic.- Good voice acting and music bring the experience to life.- Multiplayer is, despite some balance issues between the HW1 and HW2 races, simply a blast to play.THE BAD:- The game uses a modified HW2 engine which does not seem to work very well with the HW1 campaign/units. I'm not sure how many of the problems listed below are due to engine limitations and how many can be patched in, if someone more knowlegeable about HW modding can chip in on this I'll edit the review accordingly.- Strike craft formations/tactics simply do not work for the HW1 units. Strike craft will assume a formation when ordered to but after combat is joined they will attack seemingly random targets on their own flight paths regardless of tactics settings used, making concentrating fire to specific targets impossible and leading to a lot of losses.- The HW1 remastered campaign in general lacks polish. Missing/bugged mission triggers, wonky AI behaviour (resource collectors in particular will randomly stop harvesting after dropping off their loads), ship engine sound effects persisting after zooming in and then out on some units, sensor manager sometimes just deciding to stop working altogether, repair corvettes apparently not working at all and simply atrocious difficulty scaling.  Expect to reload a lot to get through some missions.- The dynamic difficulty scaling seems way out of whack for the campaign. The HW1 campaign now uses the (almost universally despised) dynamic difficulty scaling system originally introduced by HW2. In a nutshell, the enemies you'll face are generated depending on your fleet composition at the start of a mission. Some people like this idea, some don't. Regardless of how one feels about it, the system clearly has not been playtested enough as the seeming lack of hard caps on enemy numbers will lead to some unwinnable fights for players who like to build up their fleet. For example, capturing a good number of enemy corvettes in mission 2 will cause an overwhelming number of enemies to spawn in the following mission, leading to a game over before the introductory cutscenes are even finished.CONCLUSION: I'm really torn on this but I'll have to go with a no recommendation until the flawed port of the HW1 campaign and strike craft mechanics are addressed. If you're a returning HW1 veteran definately hold off on this until the game is (hopefully) patched and/or modded to make the experience closer to the original. On the other hand those new to the series will no doubt appreciate the engaging story of the campaign. The fun multiplayer can also help a lot so consider what you want of the game and take this review as it is."
,Recommended,244160,14652216,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Jankes Om-Nom-Nom,"A must have 15 years ago, a must have today!"
76561198053669026,Not Recommended,244160,14669770,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,saliddry,THERE A LOT OF BUGS that where patched in the classic game back then  but not here...1)your own fleet kills every ship you try to capture!!!!.. once the capture ships dock the enemy weapons are down ..... but your whole ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ fleet keeps firing on i till it enters the mothership... blowing up most of them just before the finish line...2)THE SPHERE FORMATION ISNT WORKING .....back in classic you had the sphere formation for shield units and for defense of big ships..but on mission 4 or 5 you get the defensive korvet/frigat?trying to set them around the battleships for defense against bombers and so on doesnt work...they bump up behind the ship they should defend in loose formationtryed with every ship ... vario korvets.. scouts interceptors and i can say THE FORMATION DOESNT WORK !!!3)caping the carrier in the mission where ya kill the fleet that bombed your planet..with enough micro manage to clear the way back of your own units so it doesnt get blown to bits on its way to the mothership.....it spawns enemy scout and fighters AFTER CAPTURE !!!!! they take formation in your fleet but have red icons and you cant command them...4)YOU CANT BUILD SHIPS ON THE CARRIER
76561197994024285,Not Recommended,244160,14670879,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Wraithbored,"This a pending review, the remastered homeworld 1 is a mess, so many bugs, I am at a loss where to start!!1. The dust clouds in the Supernova station mission are invisible. Good luck finding a path that will lead you to victory.2. Captured Taidan Carriers are unable to build anything making them pretty much mostly useless3. Some caputred ships change colour, some don't, it's a toss up4. Formations do nothing5. Game triggers do not trigger properly(supernova station mission again: I destroyed everything and it just failed to end the mission, I just have to stand there sizzling in the sunshine)6. They removed the fuel from fighters7. Some missions just spawn random stuff, in random numbers, (example: cathedral of Kadesh in the entire mission, only 4 multibeam frigates spawn, I tried reloading the mission but nope, the number actually went DOWN)8. Repair ships sometimes heal, sometimes don't. The AI for frigates is especially horrid...etc. etc.The list goes on and on. I will change my reccomendation to a yes if these bugs are fixed. But until then? Yeah...not worth your time or money."
,Recommended,244160,14651410,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Limey21,"A classic PC game brought back to life, worth a buy.  now if only somebody would do the same for Dungeon keeper!"
76561197979219672,Recommended,244160,14651413,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,gast-dunham,Welcome back homeworld. We have missed you!!
76561198045745017,Recommended,244160,14653420,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,RChamy,"""This is Fleet Command.""*eargasms*"
76561198206489088,Not Recommended,244160,14672124,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,kyle.kloep,"Well I enjoyed playing the original versions of this game *******************. To all who may be looking to purchase this Remastered collection be warned, if youre running an intel card anything less then the hd 4000 this game WILL NOT WORK, all they mentioned was to update because they used opengl 3.3. However they failed to mention that it is virtually impossible to run 3.3 on anything less then the intel hd 4000 graphics card. You can update and root and do anything you please but it will never work. Thank you for the lack of information Steam and Gearbox, can you say REFUND!Its unfortunate that i have a quad core i3 and 16gb of ram, but because of gl 3.3 i bascially have nothing"
76561198031996987,Not Recommended,244160,14670302,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Mattowen86,"i wish they had tested it properly. I didnt even realise until after downloading that it says its a beta? where is the details on here? Was difficult to get it to work in the first place kept saying ""Stlll encryted"" as i had preordered it, and when i finally got that bit fixed i get really exciting and think YYYYAAAA but no. When i load either skirmish or campaign for the newly remastarered, what can i see? space, back round, nebulas eta but one main yet important fact. THE DAMN MOTHERSHIP or any other ship. i can select and see the engine trail but cant actually see what am clicking on. I have tried all the solutions on the forums yet nothing.Have completely destroyed my faith in gearbox."
76561197988830520,Not Recommended,244160,14671154,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,RazersEdge,"Well... As it stands right now they made HW2 okay but completely ruined HW1 in every way shape and form.Formations in the REAL Homeworld don't work properly, they don't stay in proper formation. Capital ships can't maneuver worth beans, Destroyers are no longer the ultimate utility ship of the fleet anymore. They were designed in HW1 to keep pace with and LEAD the frigate lines. Now they're slow, lumbering beasts that just♥♥♥♥♥♥me off.Frigates are now made of wet paper bags and fighters are slow and unmaneuverable, meaning point defenses and even heavier weapons could destroy them. Corvettes are now pointless to build. Basically you just build fighters bombers and super-capitals only and they are all that is worth building.The GUI is NOTHING like the original Homeworld which let you have a very clean experience which didn't block anything out. If you didn't need to see the GUI at that moment, it wasn't there. One of the things that made Homeworld loveable was that it assumed you were intelligent.Singleplayer's adaptive difficulty from HW1 is now gone from what I can tell and it is pathetically easy for an experienced HW Vet. I had little trouble in the first few missions, which was dissappointing to say the least.Fuel consumption no longer exists for fighters which means that when I eventually reach the Garden of Kadesh I can expect to be utterly massacred by the Kadeshi. This makes the Support Frigate a useless item. Honestly, why have them anymore at all?! The whole ballance is gone by removing fuel consumption, barring the other things they've utterly mucked up.I'm happy that they thought it worth the effort to do a remastered edition but they sacrificed the original Homeworld ENTIRELY in order to satisfy the Homeworld 2 players. The thing is... There is a LOT more Homeworld 1 fans that stayed true and bought this than there were Homeworld 2 fans (at least if my group of friends is any indication).Gearbox... Hear us! Fix your rather glaring mistakes! Homeworld 1 should have been the priority... Especially since THAT is the one that won Game of the Year in 1999. And lets be honest... It had some pretty TALL competition back then for that title. It didn't just win Strategy Game of the Year, it won overall Game of the Year....Frankly I want a refund because this wasn't true to the Homeworld legacy at all... As far as I am concerned the basic models for the ships are the same and then cut-scenes are the same. The rest is garbage."
76561198091999601,Not Recommended,244160,28861544,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,V0N_D00M,"Awesome game, Played the original to death back in the day. When I could finally get my hands on the remastered version I was happy as a kid in a candy store.My problem with the remastered version is how the fighter class unit have now become so weak! I remember flying in with an armada of fighters and dealing serious damage, now they are mere cannon fodder drawing fire away from my capital class ships. also I was a heavy user of the different formations for my fighters, now the formations just slow mt fighters down more and make them even more vulnerable. also missing military parade formation, but that was mostly for my OCD tendencies. lol"
,Recommended,244160,14652573,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,ORilianObsidian,I loved both the orginal homeworld games and was worried that this might crap on the name. But seriously this game is just as engaging as the orginals with the updated graphics and sounds it just brings me back.It plays well it has enough graphic options to test out the sound quality is amazing. If you loved the orginals you will fall in love with the remastered and before you know it you'll be swearing at the mointor because your battlecruiser got destroyed.......again.
76561198029841329,Not Recommended,244160,20360002,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Nathaniel Flint,"Gearbox speculated on the Originals fanbase to drive the Hypetrain...when they decided to actually charge32€for this.Someone in the forum once wrote:""Ten years ago, this would have been called ""HD-mod"" and it would have been free. Today its called ""Remastered"" and costs 32 bucks""Oh BTW, look at this gem:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cx0uxR2kZy8According to veterans of the original games, this reduces combat efficience of your vessels drastically. Which is fun in general, but this game also got ""dynamic difficulty"" or as i call it ""Hurl so much s*hit at ya winning is almost impossible""-tactic.While its almost nonexistent in HW 1 RE (i was invincible after boarding my first battleship), HW 2 RE just loves to kick you in the groin.First you´ll learn that boarding changes from HW1 to HW2, instead of small salvage-corvettes you now have much bigger Marine-Frigates, which are weak as s*ht.As soon as they´re spotted, EVERYONE goes for them. Doesnt matter at all how many ships you use as decoys. So when you actually manage to cap a big enemy, youll be proud.""Wow, i capped a big ship, now my fleet´s awesome! Man that feels good!""you´ll say. And then you reach the next mission. And then the game goes""Whats that?! A big ship and YOU control it ?!?! PREPARE THE ARMADA!!! GET DAT MUDDAFOCKA!!!!!""Then you´ll end up getting destroyed. You load the last mission, scrap your fleet down to the basics and thus artificially cheat the difficulty down.Conclusion:32€, no. Just no. Not for 32 Euros!"
76561198053062947,Not Recommended,244160,14750719,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,JiMMy,Stay Away- full of bugs and crashes- can toast your gpu with +1000 fps if you forget v-sync- formations are not working- no difficulty setting- no immersion- no sterategy element nor micro managment ( 1 click attack ftw)- everything is so small you are just fighting strike groups against red groups from sattelite view- indian bollywood music in middle of space RTS- veteran grandpa simulator (it's ludicrous that every discussion in community hub begins with i am a veteran homeworld player)more reason not to buy?Gearbox is already giving free copies of the game to youtubers with 15k views to promote the game for them with lies.congratulations for selling your souls to the devil!!!totally ripped off for paying 30 bucks for this!i can't even think about one good thing to write about this game!
76561198014068304,Not Recommended,244160,14689003,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,dem0n1c_nerd,"Visually pleasing remaster, lots of bugs. I'll wait for updates before I continue playing. Also, remastered HM1 lacks a lot of key mechanics including good formation support and fuel management.Bugs:At one point I could no longer zoom out of the screen after canceling the jump to hyperspace in one of the earlier missions.I've frequently had to deal with crashes and blacked out screens with the latest drivers.The problem with these bugs is that this game can be a real chore to execute properly. A crashed game after a major battle or obstacle can undo a lot of effort and really disturbs the flow of the story."
76561198039152100,Not Recommended,244160,14701127,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Demonic-Grits,"I'm very unhappy about the ""remastered"" version already, I noticed right away that their have been changes to missions and the fact that at the start of the game you no longer get to choose between Kusham or Taidan. Now if you just play the orignal game nothing has been changed....but lets face it. you bought the Remastered Collection to play homeworld in an age where amazing graphics are almost a must.so as happy as i am that i finally get to play this game again, i am unhappy that needless changes have been added and that you can now only play as the Kusham......sorry.....Taidan for life!"
76561198008464551,Not Recommended,244160,14712670,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Archontruth,"I am hugely disappointed with this game. Gearbox DOES NOT ADVERTISE that they took HW1 and stuck it in the castly inferior HW2 engine. This results in a number of glitches and inferior results during play, including formations and tactics that are meaningless, resourcers that quit gathering while there's still resources on the map, and AI fleet numbers that are ferequently ridiculous. I quit on the 8th mission, since the HW2 enemy force calculator saw fit to add an insanely unbeatable number of AI ships to that mission, making it impossible to finish.If you're a huge fan of HW1 like I am, don't buy this. It's a massive disappointment."
,Not Recommended,244160,14704581,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Maj. Ericus,this would be a great game if it worked. the remastered versions won't even launch and the classics crash after so long
76561197960397546,Not Recommended,244160,14682321,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Luckbox,Usually crashes when loading a game vs cpu
76561198117255410,Not Recommended,244160,14683359,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Mr_clinic,Well my favorite part about this game is broken.... you can no longer salvage swarmer fighters which totally ruins this part of the game for me..... please fix this bc it WAS my favorite part about this game..... total fail
,Recommended,244160,14659502,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,RaveN,">remember back 15 years ago being a kid and not being able to get pass The Gardens of Kadesh level>find that Gearbox are remaking Homeworld>instantly pre-order>release day comes, pre-load it the night before>boot up game>play through first few levels just fine>still can't ♥♥♥♥ing get past The Gardens of Kadesh level♥♥♥♥ my life10/10 buy this masterpiece of a game."
76561198061613363,Not Recommended,244160,23698216,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Mr. Whorker,"In terms of gameplay and a space rts, this game beats basically all in my opinion.  The combat system is very balanced, and the game is very enjoyable.  It does not get repetitive in terms of the campaign, and even if you beat the campagn and are bored with multiplayer and friends the steam mods are insane and fun.  However, the support page and forums are a joke in terms of helping to find/fix a bux.  My launcher stopped working for who knows why, and after looking for 3 months without an answer I sadly rate this game negatively.  The game won't launch and every time I go to look for an answer I get someone ranting about updating their video drives that are probably older then me rather then finding an answer."
76561198046013762,Recommended,244160,18646733,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,sempai makes me go doki doki~,"Great space opera RTS, graphics are pretty to look at and hold up to 2015 standards, Gearbox has done a great job overhauling the game. the story is compelling, the audio is top notch, has multiplayer for some PvP action tho i haven't played much as i'm more of a singleplayer person.Would definately recommend this to Homeworld fans and Space RTS fans in general."
76561197995822286,Recommended,244160,14657966,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Travitar,This is a faithful remake of the original Homeworld 1/2 games and is FANTASTIC.  I cannot express in words how happy this remake makes me.  10/10
76561198249482922,Recommended,244160,25284590,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,SurfinBird,10 KOMPOT/10 BEST RTS IN SPACE A MUST BUY FOR FANS OF PEW PEW SHIPS is very good game
76561198133260293,Recommended,244160,25464973,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Ubisoft,Star trek star wars and star gate nuff said
76561197986580984,Not Recommended,244160,20797313,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,karl_ito,"Run away. Unless you want to spend hours looking at green dots, green rectangle and any other green geometrics responding into a clumsy way to your orders to attack red geometrics things."
,Recommended,244160,25384737,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,El Hombre Mayonesa,Everything you ever wanted plus some
,Recommended,244160,14651625,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,skvarky,this game is the old homeworld as we know it but REMASTERED.seriously buy it.it plays well graphics are excelent.good old days.
,Recommended,244160,14654895,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Sun_Devil,"It feels great to be playing this game again. It was absolutely fantastic then, and it's fantastic now."
76561197968564024,Recommended,244160,14656053,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Korlandril Eldanesh,Never played Homeworld before today. I now wonder why I didn't. This game out rank even the most current Space RTS. Even the ones whom tried to copy it. Awesome and definately recommend it.
76561197978229843,Recommended,244160,14657343,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Rockstar,"I never write reviews, but this game is basically the second coming for us homeworld crazies. You can read all about the flaws and highlights of this game in other reviews, but I have an odd reccomendation. Unlike most other games, I actually feel like people who are completely new to the series will like this better. To a homeworld fanatic like me, there are little differences that are really jarring, but as a whole, the game is satisfying and enjoyable even in it's current state. If the new devs take some feedback and make a couple of tweaks, this will go down as a worthy remaster of the best RTS of all time."
76561198060422006,Recommended,244160,14653273,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Jase Mercer,"A beautiful remastering of an already favourite classic of mine. Homeworld Remastered lives up to its promises and delivers exactly what a remastered version is supposed to. Graphics are touched up to the point of pure art, the sound is clean and clear, the gameplay is smooth and user friendly, and any upgrades necessary from the original are present for all.And of course if you wish to stick to the original, that is also present as well. This remastering has something for everyone, both the old school fans and newcomers, including the branches between those who prefer one version over the other."
,Recommended,244160,14655610,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Hullaboo,"A fantastic space RTS, kept true to the originals but with more sexiness. Good stuff.Recommended. :)"
,Recommended,244160,14652751,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,plaiides,"This review is to♥♥♥♥♥♥off all the bad reviews.first of all the people who are giving the game bad reviews and calling it boring obviously are on crack this is homeworld if you didn't enjoy the game 10 years ago then why did u buy the remastered one?, ive played the campaign and everything seems in check the graphics are beautiful and the core game which is homeworld is still preserved and well intact. So why all the rage and hate? i understand if its due to the game not loading properly but have patience. And the beta complaining the game is not even early access maybe you should read that its ""multiplayer beta"" im sure features and additional stuff will be released in the future but the game isnt beta.anyways just my rant on angry people the game is flawlessly awsome gorgeous and you couldnt ask for more,defenatly recommended!"
76561198012123946,Recommended,244160,14653413,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Wicked Scotty,Well so far the developers have delivered on the promise of giving Homeworld to us as we remember it rather than how it was.  Right away I noticed the the modeling and textures I used to wish were better now are.  It still has that beautiful soundtrack and ambience that makes it relaxing and exhilerating at the same time.  I forgot how much this game must have been an inspiration for the BSG reboot!
,Recommended,244160,14653713,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Phong,"A 16 year old classic franchise that, still to this day, brings an enjoyment I can't get anywhere else. It's a relativly slow paced game that rewards the patient. Every decision you make echoes through the remainder of the game, either to your success or detriment. It boasts a decent level of complexity that can be comprehended by a casual gamer and still stimulate the hard core audience.If you want to be 'serious' with the game, expect missions to drag out for a decent amount of time. I never found this to be much of an issue since many events can be happening at once.I found the story to be very compelling, and I would encourage that you do everything to emerse yourself into the world. I still get chills from the drama that unfolds throughout the story."
,Recommended,244160,14654215,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Youri,"Preload the game in the morning, release and start playing at 19:00 CET. Ahh, this looks great, let's build some salvage corvettes, steal some of their ships .. yeah, this is mine now. Yeah the other one too hehehe...Aaaand it's midnight already. Wife's already asleep. Ok, one more mission then :)Get this game.If you've ever had a game where you just can't stop playing and suddenly the sunshine is coming in through your room, while you thought you only played for a few hours, you know what I'm talking about. Get this game. And get some days off, preferably from your life."
,Recommended,244160,14656257,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,headshaver,"omg if you liked Star Wars Empire at War, then you'll love this game more than your family"
,Recommended,244160,14657388,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Bedwyr,"This one is a classic and well worth getting. A lot of reviews say that the game aged well and that Homeworld never really needed the remastering treatment it got. And yet. And yet the work Gearbox did in concert with the original development team, the original voice actors, the concept artists, and the original game's modders shows a loving respect for a series that should never have gone fallow since Homeworld 2 came out. The remastered version is gorgeous and the gameplay hasn't aged a bit. I still tear up hearing the choir singing Barber's Agnus Dei.This is a great game and a work of art well worth having in your collection. I look forward to seeing what Gearbox's enthusiasm will bring to the series in the future."
,Recommended,244160,14657977,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Goodburger,Fantastic visuals and gameplay. Can't go wrong with this one. I pre-ordered it and got it for 29 bucks. Can't go wrong especially when it comes with the classics and a revamped multiplayer.
,Recommended,244160,14658615,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Gojira Destructicus,"If you are new to Homeworld, we welcome you and offer you the chance to enjoy this epic piece that we too experienced years ago. If you are returning yet again to your Homeworld, this is a must have for any fan. The mothership launch has never looked more beautiful and the burning of Kharak has never appeared more mortifying. It's simply spectacular."
,Recommended,244160,14659145,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,SQUEEEEEEPS,"Salvage Corvette simulator 2015.11/10 ""It's like Skyrim with spaceships"" - IGN"
,Recommended,244160,14651489,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,bytestream,"I ususally write lengthy and rather detailed reviews about a game, but I am not going to do it for Homeworld Remastered?Why? Cos I want to play the freaking game (again). It's as great as it was back in 1999 but with updated graphics and improved sound effects. If you are into RTS games and/or space operas Homeworld is a must have. Get the game, play both campaings and then wait for Gearbox to get the multiplayer out of beta.I will update this ""review"" once I am done enjoying the game (which might take a while)."
76561198043895442,Recommended,244160,14653769,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Z1996,"Homeworld Remastered Review:Since 1999. this game is a legend of PC gaming. Now. It still crown as truly one of the finest of no only PC gaming, but Video Gaming in general.And to include the original, unremastered classics as well is not only a surpass deal, but something that no one can refuse.If anyone a fan of RTS gaming, get this game NOW!"
,Recommended,244160,14654130,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,adehrbrt,Homeworld games are among one of my all time favourite game series.  I cannot believe it has been 15 years since it was originally released back when I was a school boy.  It is nice to see a remastered game that not only looks visually stunning but that also delivers the original gravitas of the original script.  This serves to tell the story in the way it was meant to be told and with the updates how it should have been shown.Minor technical glitches with dialog here and there but considering the amount of work that has been done in this remastered edition it is something that can be easily overlooked.  The gameplay mechanics still hold after 15 years and even still rival more modern RTS games out there.  Homeworld with a fresh coat of paint is showing that it still has a lot to teach the genre about space combat RTS.
,Recommended,244160,33505386,Posted: 13 July,all,Sooty,good gæms
76561198169254641,Recommended,244160,29874668,Posted: 12 February,all,Regimus,"Brilliant design, brilliant excecution."
,Recommended,244160,30039680,Posted: 19 February,all,Teledhil,Awesome!
76561198190156778,Recommended,244160,33597189,Posted: 16 July,all,AssassinWarrior,love it but one thingFIX THIS GOD DAMN FREAKING MOD SYSTEM BECUASE EVERY TIME I SELECT A MOD AND LAUNCH THE GAME IT CRASHES SO FIX THE GAME DAMNIT
76561198069893871,Recommended,244160,14657973,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Blazeshotz,"Alright My issue with the game it now run's all good :)If you have Mirills Action to record it must be closed for it the game work ya i know. It's lame but it how it is and please download the required files.https://gearboxsoftware.zendesk.com/entries/62484764-General-PC-Troubleshooting-Knowing that it work's give it a plus one Should be on the Discussion side but since, some dont go there just from the reviews it is."
,Recommended,244160,14657752,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Sujieun🥇,15+ Years Still as good as day one!*I know not a review just a thumbs up for game!*
76561197977987574,Recommended,244160,14658092,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,TAnker737,Yes.
,Recommended,244160,14656250,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,🔰🔰 CallumStokes 🔰🔰,"I feel like i'm 8 years old again, playing a game I spent countless hours playing as a child only to see it remade in glorious 5K resolution.Praise gaben for this offering, and in return I am forever in his debt."
76561198061783651,Recommended,244160,14658283,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,GOTAMM06,"I first played this game way back in 2004 it was my first game i ever played on the computer, it was amazing and when i found out they where remastering it I ran straght to my wallet to pre-order itThis is by far the best RTS!If your looking for a space game I highly recomend this oneMultiplayer is way more fun than vs a computer so i suggest findinga friend to play it with.over all i give this game a 10/10:GOTAMM06"
,Recommended,244160,19441901,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Silver Star,Homeworld!.....Collection!!....Remastered!!!! Should I say more?
76561198063501960,Recommended,244160,27586596,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,chris.neyton,"The most beautiful game I have ever played. Good storyline, well paced and comes with th original games."
76561197995291061,Recommended,244160,14835914,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Marvy,"Played the originals all them years ago and loved it..Finished the Homeworld 1 remastered campaign and loved it :)Graphics/Sound/Story and Gameplay all excellent...Really well done...$30 for HW1 & 2 Remastered plus the originals and multiplayer,you cant go wrong :)"
76561198007310984,Recommended,244160,14833146,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Meowfyy,"The exiles have returned. It's been 16 years since we first left Kharak but now we make the journey once again.Research reports new technologies to aid us:+ Highly detailed visuals of our fleet and the enemy fleet will increase targetting.+ Those that completed the journey before will be able to relive the best once again.+ Recon tells us that enemy numbers will be based on the size of our fleet. (Missions now scale based on fleet size so that amassing a huge fleet early on won't make the game too easy later)+ AI Tactician Software that allows one to match the fleets of ole with the fleets of new. (You can play HW1 / HW2 sides in multiplayer).The Mothership is taking light damage...- Some bugs in the programming may need to be worked out.- Strikecraft and corvettes are overally suboptimal currently. Requesting research upgrades.- Rookie pilots are unable to stand in formation correctly.- Ship Captains are unable to use stances accurately.- Asteroids.....Assessment: While the Mothership was unable to complete all of its subsystems, given time it will be repaired.Incoming video feed from an alternate timeline:https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLLZUnRwcrejYgIMohjgAdX1nhRTdR0K8u"
,Recommended,244160,14856427,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Meyon,"Buy from Bentusi is illegal, don't do it"
76561198031155570,Recommended,244160,14841508,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,hercoldwings,"It's amazing that Gearbox has managed to update Homeworld in a way that makes it as amazing as it was back in 1999. Back then, it was beautiful. They've updated it so that it feels the same now, 15 years later. The graphic updates are beautiful, and the remastered sound is dramatic and nifty. This game stands the test of time, being not only as good as it was 15 years ago, but is also pertinent and competetive amongst contemporary games, as good as anything else being made. Beautiful. Fun. Buy it."
76561197978397797,Recommended,244160,17184367,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,TORCHWOOD,♥♥♥♥ YES!!
76561198064045968,Recommended,244160,14654849,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,legendroadkill,my favourte rts of all time. keep your age of empire's and command and conquer. control the galaxy crush you're foe but don't expect to hear them scream.
76561198001912496,Recommended,244160,14668847,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Herodotus,"Okay, there are some issues with bugs and random crashes for many, but not all. Let's get that out of the way. Does it make the game ""broken""? No, but there ARE issues to be addressed by Gearbox.I won't go into the graphics, story etc. as many reviews have covered this. Let me instead look at the game's 'difficulty' for the new RTS gamer.If you do not strategise and plan in 3D, which was revolutionary at the time (and still is, to my mind) you're going to have a hard time. When I played the original on release in my early thirties I DID find some of the mssions HARD, but then I wasn't used to this type of RTS. The delight was in solving the strategy for myself and finally 'getting it'!I hadn't come across this since ""X-Wing"", which really was a mix of simulator anbd puzzle solving (take out X bombers to pretect Hospital Ship - if you don't in a certain order you fail).So, it all comes down to planning and working out exactly what you need for each mission. ""Tank Rushing"" just will not work, and those with the biggest and baddest fleet, that takes sometimes far too much time and resources, will see you fail time and again (except in skirmish - which we didn't have back then).This game(s) requires thought, and aside from it's beauty (the original still looks marvellous), the strategy required is compelling. You'll hit your keyboard and close the game down in frustration sometimes, but your mind will keep churning over strategies until you come back and try again (and you will).""Brilliant and innovative"" barely describes this title even today."
,Not Recommended,244160,30000590,Posted: 17 February,all,sum1won,"Fun game.  Serious bugs and complete absence of tech support make it unplayable.  Want verification?  Look through the tech support section.  It's easy to find your bug, or repeat bugs.  Its easy to see that no support is provided."
,Not Recommended,244160,16379614,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Lordsneak,"The kinda cool spaceships, and promising ideas make this game fun for about an hour; but the clunky user interface and  really slow gameplay (like not very much action) makes this game pretty unbearable. Go play Sins of a Solar Empire or Galactic Civilizations."
,Recommended,244160,16396067,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,DJ Arghlex,░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░███░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░██░██░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░██░░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░███░░░██░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░██░░░░██░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░███░░░░░██░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░██░░░░░░██░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░███░░░░░░░██████░░░░░░███░░░░░██░░░░░░░░░░░░░█████░░░█████████░░░░░░░░░░████░░░░░█░░████░░░░░░░░░░░░░███░░████░░█░░████░░░░░░░░░░░░████░░░░░░░░█░░████░░░░░░░░░░░██░░██████████░░████░░░░░░░░░░██░░██████████░░░████░░░░░░░░░░░███░░░░░░░░░██░░████████░░░░░░████░░░░░░░██░░░░███░░░░░██░░░░██░██████████░░░░░░░░░░░░░███░███░░░░░░██░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█████████████░░░░░░
,Recommended,244160,14655845,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Skidd,"I highly recommend this game! I played the crap out of it back in 1999.. and I'm gonna play the crap out of it today.An excellent RTS Space game. Collect RU's, research new technologies, build a massive fleet, and attack and kill enemy forces. The graphics aren't just HD re-textures, there's new bloom features, and field of depth, and particle effects. It's an amazing upgrade from one of 1999's greatest RTS's."
,Not Recommended,244160,20660518,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,TheMaxGamer4,does anyone know reasons why mods for homeworld are not showing up in the mod library.
76561198014495605,Not Recommended,244160,18435898,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Zorus,"Some nice elements of tactics, but essentially clunky, spammy, and redundant."
,Not Recommended,244160,20099235,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,enewton,"To start, if you have never played the original than you will probably like this game a lot more, this is the review of an old homeworld fanatic, and my complaints are mostly about infidelities to the originals. (Well the formation thing obviously needs fixing).I am very dissapointed with the remastered versions of these games. HW and HW2 handle formations and tactics very differently.  These mechanics could be reconciled, but aren't. Individual strikecraft built by kushan/taiidan do not stay in formation and tactics aren't as usefull (originally evasive ships were harder to hit and would spread on attacking, agressive ships would stay tight and fire as fast as possible). These features should be preserved, and the ui should simply adapt depending on what race you play, (taiidan/kushan get formations, hiigaran/vagyr strikegroups). If this was fixed I would be deeply satisfied. The graphics are wonderfully remastered and it has potentiall to be a brilliant rebirth of a personally treasured classic.I mostly just use this to play HW classic on my mac.PLEASE FIX THIS GAME"
76561198197932154,Recommended,244160,17527350,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Feagle519,10/10 would not put in oven
76561198049590116,Recommended,244160,18683485,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,MrFreezer,"10/10 nostalgia on mass, with better graphics"
,Recommended,244160,17390788,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Bat ▫ Ғђ,"Here's my adive to any company that thinks they make strategy games. If your company is losing money, just make a game like Homeworld, and than... your company will suddenly start making money. Its that easy. Why go to business school? Classy, well-mastered, and I don't even have a lot of hours on it, but I am just blown away. Simple, yet so well made, I got this game in 2015, mind you I was born in 1995, making me a 4-year-old when they launched this game. Thank you 1999, and thank you developers, your game has stood the test of time."
76561198151972079,Not Recommended,244160,19835133,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,troys76,"Great game from the past, shame this remake has been made inaccesable to some people due to some graphic card tech mumbo jumbo and you don't find this out until after you have already purchased. 4 months have passed and still have not recieved a reply regarding the issue. Keep my money then, fine, have fun. I will not buy from your team again."
76561198140484549,Not Recommended,244160,16071036,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,adfour,"I loved Homeworld, and hear this version is terrific. To play you need to add an account to a 3rd party service, then enjoy problems with your virus checker. I am at about 40 minutes of trying to launch the game with no success, though I now have an account with ""shift"" which I emphatically neither wanted nor anticipated. So far this is about as much fun as telecommuting on debian unstable, but without the educational side effect. I regret the purchase, though I am sure the people who have gotten it running are honest about the game being fun."
76561197971215793,Not Recommended,244160,15946905,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,CenZor,"I Played Homeworld back in the 90's.A LOT!!This so called ""remaster""  is the worst pile of crap I have ever seen!!Lock-ups!  Ignored commands!  Non-Existent formations (WHICH IS CRUICIAL TO THIS GAME!!!)Porno-graphics don't save your day!!!Just LOOK at all the miserable feeble attempts to re-create ""Dungeon keeper"" !!!FAIL FAIL FAIL FAIL AND FAIL AGAIN!!!AND I'm SORRY BUT YOU FAIL JUST AS BAD!!!   DO YOUR HOMEWORK!!!I AM SORRY THAT I BOUGHT THIS CRAP!CAPS OFF!!Go home and re-think!"
76561198074072039,Not Recommended,244160,16076336,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,isznt,"For $35 one gets a game full of quirks and bugs. Unit behaviors and the balance of combat elements is changed substantially. It is confusing at first and then frustrating, as some of the most effective tactics (e.g. small units working in tight formation) can be ordered but don't actually happen. They would have done better to leave the game engine alone. The original Homeworld stands out as an all-time classic among 3D strategy/combat sims. I can only hope a few dollars got back to the original developers."
,Recommended,244160,20066046,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,VidaarX,Fantastic Remaster of one of my Favorite games growing up. Next to Half Life homeworld was a fav and Star Craft
76561197973159704,Not Recommended,244160,22052951,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,English Bob,"After spending about 6 hours in total confusion as what I was supposed to do I thought I had finaly cracked it, only to find that there is some kind of a timer on every level so you have to start all over again even if you do survive.I went through the torture of the first learning curb to be ♥♥♥♥ed in the face with Sorry all your perseverance is for nothing Start again.No thanks, I'm out"
76561197996399698,Recommended,244160,14714303,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Fingon,"First off, I was a huge HW fan back when I was a kid in High School so I'll be as fair as I can in the review thus far.  After a good amount of time into missions in both HW and HW2 I can say that it is not without bugs.  There is a few frustrating ones where even if you do too well in a objective you bug the game! lol  Besides the bugs that make you redo a mission it's not that big of a deal, save often and even if you don't the game auto saves for you.  The visuals are amazing and the sole reason I bought the game, I wanted to replay this wonderful game and see it in updated graphics and play with some friends from HS.  The multiplayer is still in beta as they just started writing the code on it and are having to work out the kinks.  Be patient as you can still get in games with friends and others but sometimes you get a out of sync error when you start or some other frustrating issue.  Overall I will say the game is great especially if you never played HW you should hands down if you like any sort of RTS or space strategy games.  The storyline is fun and is overall a great experience.  Thank you for redoing this masterpiece of a game and I hope you continue to work out the multiplayer bugs, but I'm going to say you should've fixed them before it was released.  Gamers can be patient but not when they get bugs in a game that was already a hit."
,Recommended,244160,14714087,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Shadow293,"""No one is left.""""Everything is gone.""""Kharak is burning.""Homeworld has such a powerful and emotional campaign.  The art and visuals in the remastered edition is beautiful, the sound track is powerful, and revenge never felt this satisfying.  There are some bugs and quinks that need to be worked out, but overall this is pretty solid."
76561197982351257,Recommended,244160,14714260,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,daknij,this game is amazing cant wait for a third one
,Recommended,244160,14715294,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,DJ Sierra 117,"In my opinion the one of the best RTS remasters of all time. I remember buying the original games and enjoyed the living hell out of it from 1999 to 2005. But, when hardware became an issue. sadly i had to stop playing the games then for year I wanted a remaster of the game but if gearbox had not steped up we would not have such a wonderful game to play again.Now for the Multiplayer... I have to say I'm very satified with the multiplayer espeacially since the interface is better than the original releases, because there is now a unified menu where you can select witch version version to play. Another thing i'm glad about this game is there is support for mods to play multiplayer too.Now for mod support... I've seen some good mods like Halo Homefront a mod based on the Halo Video Game Series and a personal classic favorite Complex 9.1 on launch. There all in the Steam Workshop avalable for download.Overall 9.9 out of 10 - would play it with friends any time"
76561198038287396,Recommended,244160,14715422,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Tom-ahawk,"I mean minus a few bugs (that I was kind of expecting), especially cutscene bugs, this is the definitive version to have. Just wow, just WOW! I beat the whole thing and nothing could have delivered the nostalgia better. The video sequences, the clear voices, the detail, the gorgous space backdrops, Campbell Lane (and his well-desevered tribute at the end), etc had me reliving my childhood. Thank you homeworld devs and thank you gearbox.Now... go find cataclysm and I'll pay just as much too ;)And tell the musical artists, 'Yes,' to just give in, hehe. Don't worry, I know, I know; it is probably because of the record label copyrights, not the band."
76561198006243109,Recommended,244160,14651756,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Ronin75,"Relic took away countless hours of my youth and Gearbox does it again, so many many years later. I am bathing in a world of buty, there is nothing left to comment but to play. Thank you for this fantastic overhaul!"
,Recommended,244160,25578158,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,SKANKSPANKER,"If this game was a boner, its the kind you get at the end of class and your wearing loose fitting gym shorts.11/erection"
76561198067274787,Recommended,244160,16291191,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,:<AP,Pew pew pew!
76561198042709110,Recommended,244160,16312164,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Larry,Anyone who doesnt buy this game is stupid and should have their fingers clothespinned
76561198062768811,Recommended,244160,16313314,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Michael the Mediocre,"I could build my own ships, or I could just take yours"
,Recommended,244160,18153925,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Dimedo,"Beautiful and incredibly atmospheric real time strategy game in 3D space. Both the first and second part of the Homeworld series are included in this really well done remastered collection. Both games have been elevated to current graphics, audio and control standards.I almost forgot about how great these games were, especially because there has never been any game quite like Homeworld ever since."
,Not Recommended,244160,20627523,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Mandos,"Worst game i've ever played ... exept♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥bag workout, WHY, metacritic, WHY! and Markiplier you too: WHY!"
76561198174816459,Not Recommended,244160,33889992,Posted: 29 July,all,holex,"there is no problem with this game in general but the actual controls are horrible, if you'd had about 17 more fingers, maybe you could have reacted every situaion in real time without losing even the simpliest battle, but even if that is the case the actual navigation in the 3D universe is extreme overcomplicated and miserable – just like everything from MS.it is supopsed to be a real time strategy game, but because of the horrible controls, you will need to pause the game more often than letting the time flowing and enjoy the actual real time adrenaline."
76561197985171381,Recommended,244160,14661163,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Baleur,"Cant believe how well it turned out.Cant even write a proper review about it.Its just, great. Simply put. No RTS fan or sci-fi fan would feel disappointed after buying this. Period.What more needs to be said, really?It is Homeworld, but better than the original, somehow.And im running it maxed out (even 8k textures), on a horrible laptop with an Intel i3, 4gb ram and a weak nVidia 720m notebook gpu. And its running buttery smooth with Crysis-level of detail in the textures and normal maps. Astonishing.And the gameplay? Its Homeworld. Enough said. It is Homeworld.Stop reading, start playing."
76561198028884388,Recommended,244160,17179236,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,GravyBacon1,The same beautiful gameplay and art from back in the day with a litle modern graphical updating= FRIGGIN GREAT.
76561198032711852,Recommended,244160,14652747,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,kump,"Still an incredible game and they absolutely succeded in this remaster. Even though it looks way better than the classic versions, it's still like I remember it. Well done, well done indeed!"
,Recommended,244160,14653638,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Tino Didriksen,"It's Homeworld, as you fondly remember it, comparatively looking as good as it did when it first came out. This is definitely a remaster with lots of love and polish put into it. And it's Homeworld - still king of its genre."
76561197969965735,Recommended,244160,14655424,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,rhumbline,"First off, yes it is nicer to look at than the originals.Secondly, it plays just as well as the originals, unless you are a purist. Then just play the originals...they are supplied.Had not just a nostalgic blast but a bloody good time with this. The gameplay is awesome, the graphics are to die for and the challenge is as it was.Gearbox have done an almighty job on this, you can feel the love. Nearly makes up for A:CM..... ;)Double thumbs up."
,Recommended,244160,14655956,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Llama,The legend is back! Playing the game I find my forgetting this game is 15 years old. Gearbox did a stellar job restoring Homeworld and Homeworld 2. Looking forward to the mods!
76561198009392325,Recommended,244160,14656015,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Laevateinn,"To be fair, the HW1 remaster is kind of awful, since there are a bunch of gameplay issues created by dropping HW1 assets into the HW2 engine. Corvettes don't behave as they did in the original, you have to micro some things that didn't have to be microed before, a particular critical limitation of strike craft is gone, etc. That said, the original game was included, so you can play that instead. It's far from unplayable, so I went through it anyway to see the graphics and reexperience the plot.The HW2 remaster is beautiful, though. I spent more of my time replaying HW2 than HW1, so personally I would have been satisfied paying full price for only the HW2 remaster and nothing else. Full mod support has been promised, and we have it from the head of the Complex mod that they've done a good job on that front. I liked 2's gameplay better; some people liked 1 better. Probably a lot of these issues will be addressed in the coming days - the problems with the HW1 remaster seem correctable, and the modding community should have a good time."
76561197996205623,Recommended,244160,14656051,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Cainor,"I have no clue were the screenshots are, but I've managed to do some traditional HW1 stuff like from the first encounter with the Tidan Empire in the revenge on their planet killer sector fleet I've captured 4 Destroyers and 1 Carrier :) It was epic caputreing its own resource callectors at the start with touranic raider corvetes and fighters for cover :) I love cheating. But it is hard - trust me. No clue were the time x4 is... game time is so slow.All in all - it desirves your money, it is playable and fun, a good platform for the future. A classic that we will one day see a movie after :)"
,Recommended,244160,14656659,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,TheJonVincent,"I remember playing the old school Homeworld...I was 15...damn I feel old.Anyway, I couldn't fully appreciate it back then. For me it was just 'pew pew...splosions!"" Granted, compared to most RTS games coming out today, it's punishingly difficult. It doesn't hold your hand, but growing up on Atari and Nintendo, without the joy of save files and regenerating health, I was used to it. It was and still is one of my favorite RTS games (perhaps my favorite).If grew up with this game, it'll feel like home. If you're like me, your jaw will probably drop when you see the facelift it's gotten. It's absolutely beautiful. The space battles are as intense as ever. And remastered, the laser heavy dog fights and resulting explosions is some of the most satisfying gaming you'll experience all year. Go watch the PAX demonstration if you need further proof.Let me just mention one more thing. Mission 3 of Homeworld 1...the music combined with the imagery...it's goosebump inducing. Don't go look it up and ruin it for yourself. It's something you need to experience free of spoilers. It'll be on your top ten list of best gaming moments, trust me.This is a no brainer, in my opinion. If you loved Homeworld 1 and 2 in their original forms then this will be like revisiting an old friend from high school that got really really hot and now wants to sleep with you.If you didn't play this game back in the day, but you love the RTS genre, it's a no brainer. This is one of the finest entries in the genre and it now looks as good as anything else on the market.For all of you with older machines, this is really well optimized. So if you've got a laptop or perhaps a couple year old gaming rig, don't worry too much, it should be fine."
76561198095323819,Recommended,244160,14657020,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Ddoge,"Having a blast on day one!  Played several hours...never crashed or had any game breaking bugs.  Looking forward to day 2!I'm a Homeworld vet.Update after 20 hours.  Finished the HW1 campaign, starting on HW2.  Its much harder for me as I never played HW2 much.  Enjoying it very much!There are some bugs, but the game has never crashed on me, and the issues folks are screaming about the loudest aren't game breakers in my opinion."
76561198006917462,Recommended,244160,14659340,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Renegade,The best space rts+ good story+ eery space feel
,Recommended,244160,14660687,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Svenicus Maximus,"This is one of the best space RTS i have played also this is my first time playing it. Beautiful and awesome gameplay, totally worth buying. 11/10"
76561198014782174,Recommended,244160,14661143,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Konrad™,Aye
76561198006773050,Recommended,244160,14661373,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,TargetStalker,"A classic remastered. They did an amazing job updating the graphics from 15 years ago. I have not played the game since it first came out. If you have never played it, you must. This collection is a must have for any RTS fan. The game mechanics were ahead of its time and honestly have yet to be matched. Thank you Gearbox!"
,Recommended,244160,14659249,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Raelgun,A timeless classic superbly remastered!
76561198071844345,Recommended,244160,14659344,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,UnderYggdrasil,"Homeworld is great!!! If you like space RTS, this is the best! Last if you willing to wait for the mods, and they finished the game. Buy it!"
,Recommended,244160,14660864,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Leyline,Soo... you want a review....WELL SCREW YOU I'M BUSY PLAYING HOMEWORLD AND ITS AWESOME!
,Recommended,244160,14661073,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,pewpewlazorbeamz,"Graphically this game is awesome, the tutorial is helpful, and once you get any bugs worked out the campaign is hella fun.  I will save humanity, or die trying."
,Recommended,244160,14651484,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Daz ┌∩┐(◣_◢)┌∩┐,"It's going to be beautiful they said, it'll be better they said.They say a lot of things, mostly it's♥♥♥♥♥♥♥to get you to spend money on their product.Not this time.If you've never played Homeworld and you like RTS games then this is going to be Nirvana on LSD, PCP, Cocaine and meth, and that's just the opening few rounds, wait until the story really starts to matter, when you really try to save your people, wait until you play a round that takes 8-10 hours to win... and then you have the Vs CPU Skirmishes!This remastering is not just a case of ""hmm, we bought this IP, lets see what we can do to make it better"", no this is a case of ""we know it's ♥♥♥♥ing great already, how do we make it better WITHOUT BREAKING IT?""Well done GearBox, if there were a way to look you all in the eye, shake your hands and personally say Thank you, then I'd be there in a flash. You took the greatest RTS game of all time and just made it better, and you didn't break a damn thing doing.I salute you."
76561198010373220,Recommended,244160,14652672,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Sir Saturday,I played this as a kid and always liked it and the music. I was horrible and couldnt get passed the fourth mission in homeworld 1 and had no idea there was a homeworld 2. For fun all I did on homeworld 1 was skirmish a bot and sometimes lose but usually win using frigates and huge capital ships! Now I can play homeworld 2 no problem and attempt to re live homeworld 1 campaign and beat it this time!
76561198050796188,Recommended,244160,14653760,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,duane.n07,"well played  all the games back in the day, and i am on nights next week god knows when i going to sleep, what more can i say loved it then  love the remasted versions  job well done  first time in 35 years of game playing that i have ever posted a review"
76561198072772892,Recommended,244160,14654125,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,H4N5,"Fantastic game, both classic and remastered.  So glad Gearbox bought Homeworld and has revived one of the best, if not the best, space RTSs of all time."
76561198050089274,Recommended,244160,14654764,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,dizzysaurus,"Very quick initial review:  If you were fan of the original 2 Homeworld games, then buy this.  (It doesn't include HW: Cataclysm)I've only played the HW1 campaign so far, and the updated graphics and controls (the same as HW2) are really nice.Since I'm approaching this game as someone who played HW2 a lot, I'm probably not the best reviewer for new players.  This is more of a tactical space RTS as opposed to the strategic space RTS like Sins of a Solar Empire."
76561197977234118,Recommended,244160,14654904,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Mamba,"My favourite game of all time remastered... It's like i'm playing the game all over again the way I remember it. Good job gearbox, now get working on HW3!"
76561198025781259,Recommended,244160,14655980,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,schematic7,One of the best games I've ever played. Had it back in the day. So many hours spent on it. So many more to spend. Oh no.... oh no....
76561198044538469,Recommended,244160,14656033,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Baron Von Noobenstein,"The game is superb, a few bugs to be ironed out, but overall, I love it!"
76561197992703371,Recommended,244160,14656386,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Volcarona,"A Great remaster of an RTS classic 9 out of 10 [Was an 8.5]So far I have run into only one bug and mostly it is just a random annoying Crash to desktop when a mission loads first time in HW1 and I am not even sure it is the game all of my games have been crashing randomly since the last steam client update.[Addendum: Found a hot fix for the CTD I have been having reducing texture size stops the crash however for some reason all my saves from yesterday are broken so I had to restart I am assuming this was caused by an update of some kind]I can't speak for bugs other people have had but most of them seem fairly minor and avoidable (ie. compleating an objective before it is assigned makes it impossible to beat the mission without reloading). Save often so that a crash/bug won't hurt as bad (besides the HW games get HARD so saving helps a lot even if you never run into a bug).As for improvements from the classic games HW1 basically now uses the HW2 UI, it feels like some things have been rebalenced so it no longer is as unforgiving as the original, and of course the graphics are insanely good seriously watching the ships fly around is half the fun.Also thank Fraking god they made it so you collect all of the maps rescorces at the end of a mission extra .5 to score for that. [Some people have been complaining about this fix but the whole you have to collect everything in HW1 was anoying it didn't make the game more difficult it made it tedious and unfriendly to new players.]Oh and did I mention you get the classic versions of HW1 and HW2 so if worse comes to worse and your rig can't play the remaster you can always boot up the original.A few problems I have with the game- salvagers now need massive micro managing.- Formations only hold for the first few seconds of combat- The alternate mothership design/ unit designs from the original were removed this annoys me because I like them better than the ones used in this game.- The credit song from the original is gone (I suspect there were rights issues which is why I am not to angry but still...)If you are into RTS games buy this.(Note: I will update this as I play if I run into anything major.)"
76561197973425485,Recommended,244160,14656876,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Spork,I started playing with the release of Homeworld 2 and for its day it was really an amazing game.  Both the visuals and gameplay were captivating.  I'm playing through the remastered original Homworld and it is blowing me away!  I can't wait to finish and move onto remastered H2.
76561197975039230,Recommended,244160,14657537,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Mr Hat and Clogs,"I first played this back in '99 and I was sorely impressed, I used to take the 100+ page manual (I miss those days) to read all over the place. It was the first game to get an actual emotional response out of me (that wasn't frustration), and you really felt for the protagonists for the story putting yourself right into their shoes (or that of S'jets).This remaster of such a beloved classic is incredible, and should probably be a benchmark by which other remasters compare themselves too. The improved graphics are rich with detail, and the audio (songs and dialog) is oh so much crisper now.it's not 100% perfect, but bug patches will surely fix things - or modders will. The fleet formations for HW1 strike craft don't quite work how they're supposed to which is a bit disappointing, and the enemy scaling between missions seems a bit overly harsh at times. There are a couple others such as black screens but I have not seen them yet. They also got rid of fuel which made me a little sad, since it reduces the need for resupply ships.Pro-tip;Steal everythingthat isn't nailed down. If it is nailed down, bring more salvagers. Also, don't overbuild your fleet. If you smash the enemy it might be wise to retire some strike craft before the next mission - otherwise you might find yourself in quite the pickle."
,Recommended,244160,14657602,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Dantirya,"I'm so happy! It's like my youth has been given back to me only better! Everything that was great about Homeworld and Homeworld 2 is still great, and now the visuals are appealing again too!The ships in this game sparked my imagination and forever influenced my perspective on science fiction engineering and now they look better than ever. The models are essentially the same but the textures are amazing and far more detailed than I ever would have expected.Properly normaled and bump-mapped, the Higaaran mothership finally looks like a giant industrial work. All of the fleet of both Higaaran and Vaygr ships are lovingly brought up to speed with modern machine capabilities. Even the HUD overlays are sharper and more clearly defined. The backdrops are gorgeous as ever and buffed to a fine polish with better lighting effects. In fact, all the graphical effects are much improved, from hyperspace windows to Kharaak burning from orbit, the game looks amazing now and the gameplay holds up after all this time.The cut-scenes are still impressively animated and mostly unchanged, although if my memory serves me the images are sharper and there are a few additional elements I don't remember, but the masterful voicework on both the narrated cuts as well as the idle radio chatter from your units still sucks me right back into the struggle to return the last of my people to my Homeworld."
76561198127828900,Recommended,244160,14658453,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,FallenRelapse,"I have to say, Gearbox managed to actually capture and preserve the spirit of the original HW series. I recommend this to any and all sci-fi fans!"
,Recommended,244160,14658472,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Aequoris,"A brilliant game, years on, I still have fond memories of playing this game late into the night."
76561197965740181,Recommended,244160,14658586,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,peepin ur gurl,"OH MY GOD THEY DIDNT SCREW IT UPITS ALMOST ENOUGH TO MAKE ME FORGET ABOUT DUKE FOREVERSeriously though if you loved the original Homeworld, are a fan of RTS games, or just enjoy space operas this is amazing. There are some bugs present at launch but nothing that prohibited my enjoyment of the game. The return of a legend indeed."
,Recommended,244160,14658619,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,TheNut,"""The mothership has cleared the scaffold. We are away.""It's a time warp back into the past. One of my favorite RTS games makes a return with remastered enhancements that bring new life back to the Homeworld universe. Gearbox and Blackbird Interactive did a good job with the enhancement and I hope this success will continue to drive forward as they expand on the series. I haven't played any multiplayer yet as I'm focusing on the campaign and skirmishes. This is one of those games you want to bath in the full treatment and not rush any one particular feature. There's plenty to do and much value to absorb.Graphics+ Plenty of in-game options to enhance graphical quality.+ Models and textures are pretty sharp and detailed.+ Nice explosion effects.+ Lots of tiny details like ship damage decals, resource extraction effects, lens flares, sun rays, etc.+ Space environments are beautiful.- Shadows are a bit ""noisy"" around the edges. Not as high calibre like other games.- UI is a bit dated looking and could have been enhanced better.Audio+ Music suits the gameplay and the environments well. Quality is very crisp.+ Sound quality is pretty good and feels crisp as well.+ Explosions and cannons have a good punch on my sub.- Game lacks 3D positional audio, which would have enhanced the immersion as your camera rotates around ships and battles.Gameplay+ AI gives a good challenge. It keeps the pressure on as you foucs on survival.+ Good balance of combat & time investment. Skirmishes are not to long and not to short. You're always on the move.+ Classic RTS that sticks to the tried and true formula. Research, build, and tactics all within a space theme.- Little awkward there's no easy way to pan around quickly, or that the camera has a limit on the zoom-in/out range. In most modern RTS games, you move around quickly. Given the 3D positions in Homeworld, it can be awkward to get your camera in the right position without first orienting it on an object nearby, then moving over to where you want to go.Campaign / Single Player+ Just like the original, only better with the new HD visuals and audio.+ Challenging missions and interesting story with a sense of adventure.Quality+ Haven't run into any breaking issues so far.- ESC key doesn't bring up the menu like you would expect in most PC games.- PrintScreen is not the default screenshot key. ScrollLock is (like what?). Can't seem to bind it to PrintScreen either.Overall+ Would recommend this game. Homeworld is fun RTS, now with better visuals and audio. Combined with modding support, the possibilities are open for the community to introduce new scenery, new game modes, total conversions, etc. Add on 2 games + the originals, plenty of campaign missions, adventerous story, good music, AI skirmishes, and multiplayer. There's a lot of value here and if you haven't tried the Homeworld series before, consider checking this little gem out."
,Recommended,244160,14652098,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,G.C.,"Having played this for dozens and dozens of hours when I was younger, experiencing the Remastered Collection is an absolute treat. Everything has been upgraded, textures have more depth and polish, the ability to experience the games at higher resolutions brings out the beauty that was created so long ago, and the remastered soundtrack (one of the best ever in my opinion) adds a sense of scale and intensity to everything happening on screen. No more modern military shooters or the same racing games done countless times before, the Age of Space is back! And having one of the finest space RTS games ever, remastered for a whole new generation to experience solidifies itself as an absolute must own."
,Recommended,244160,14653800,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Sentinel-Ghost,"THE space RTS - still the best of its genre and will likely continue to be for some time now it's been remastered.Downloaded and installed fine, no issues so far. Full campaign from both HW1 & HW2, Skirmish Mode and Tutorials as well as Multiplayer [BETA]The word EPIC does not give this title justice."
,Recommended,244160,14654047,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Techies picker,"good game after allfirst space RTS game i ever play and still fond till these dayit have a bug,let say sound bug when you zoom near ship  the engine sound repeat but it not a problemlove this game"
76561197973190352,Recommended,244160,14654234,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Napoleon Blownaparte,"Exactly as I remember it, from way way way long ago.  Even the part about having to wait while the resource collectors harvest all the minerals after the actual fighting's done.Bravo!  :D"
76561198025514459,Recommended,244160,14654538,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Bender Sama,"Messed around with Skirmish and the Campaign, and it's pretty much how I remember it! I know, ""YOU DON'T HAVE THAT MUCH TIME ON IT!"", but I've played these before (and plan on wasting MANY hours of my life here shortly once I have enough free time), and these remasters are phenomenal! Please take note, as these are prime examples of Remastered classics done right! Do yourselves a favor, play these classics."
76561197970515680,Recommended,244160,14655423,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,socasosa79,Epic game that makes it feel like im in a fight like in the battle of endor. It would be awsome if someone could create a mod to make recreate that battle. I bought HW2 when it first came out. I still play it often. I still mess around trying to mod it. I hope the remaster collection will introduce a audience to play and modding. Maybe RTS may follow suit for navigation and expand on true 3d play.
,Recommended,244160,14656392,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Numure,The game is beautiful and true to the masterpiece that stole countless hours of my adolescence. They out did themselves. This game is worth every penny.
76561198003522130,Recommended,244160,14656541,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Positronicreflex,I feel like I've traveled back in time when I was a teen. I still remembered the keys and gameplay mechanics and its been years since ive played. I felt it was well worth the purchase just 5 minutes into the Homeworld campaign. The graphics are beautiful (depth of field :)) soundtrack is as emotional as ever and voiceovers are nice and clear.  A true masterpiece of a game brought back to new life. A++
,Recommended,244160,14656593,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Migero-,"If you liked homewrold back then, then you'll love this one to, its basically the same game, still some glitches there and tehre, BUT in general, its all good, im already at mision 9 of homewrold 1, same ambience same storoy, better graphics and 1080p"
76561198030372831,Recommended,244160,14656878,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,PCHI Garilis,No ones left...  Everythings gone... Kharak is burning....GOD  ! THE FEELS !You must buy it ! right now :DGearbox & Blackbird really did an amazing job with this one :D The good old feels :')
,Recommended,244160,14656913,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Ludovsky,"Playtime is very short but...It's got both the Homeworld 1 an 2 you've known and loved kept in their original forms.And you get bonus, completely graphically remastered versions of both as a bonus. Graphic job is really awesome. Seeing the HW1 ships, all of them really, modernized is just awesome.Not only that, but the multiplayer beta actually allows you to launch the HW1 races against the HW2 ones if you want. There's nothing like taking those olde salvettes(salvage corvettes for the uninitiated) to yoink those vaygr missile frigates to bring back to your mothership for capture. Races of both games literally kept the majority of their ways of doing thing(except perhaps for strikecraft fuel) from their respective games... yet both of them meeting in combat in the same multiplayer skirmish somehow works very nicely. Stuff like HW1 races still using research ships(instead of carrier or mothership modules) for tech, or salvage corvettes instead of marines frigates.In fact in the later's cases the way players capture ships has been kept intact for the players of both teams with HW1 races using their salvage corvettes to physically latch onto enemy ships to drag them back to the mothership for captures(being able to capture down to strikecrafts if so wished) whereas HW2 races still uses marines frigates that physically board enemy capital ships to capture them on the spot but are unable to capture strikecraft as well as having a hard time to maneuver around other frigates which HW1 salvettes can easily latch to.Similarly, races of both games still handle strikecrafts respectively the way that they used to with HW1 races building and deploying them as individual units while HW2 races seems to still build and deploys theirs as squadrons. Encounters between the two have, so far, seemingly remained balanced(I've had some fun taking a group of HW1 Heavy and multigun corvettes against a bunch of Vaygr strikecrafts, or later deploying a HW1 strikecrafts-locking gravwell to immobilizes a rush of enemy strikecrafts from that same player).There's also some new gameplay options such as capturable relics on the map able to give you various advantages during a multiplayer game, over which you can see some scuffle between players for the control of, amongst a couple of other things.And, hey, the game just got released and already there's Steam Workshop support with mods for HW1&2 Classic already being released."
76561198011009456,Recommended,244160,14659793,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Eggdrasil,"Awsome game! A few bugs, chrashes and some insane loading time for me atleast but in the end I dindnt even care. The story is intresting, the music is amazing, the graphics are great and so is the gameplay. The only thing that really annoyed me was the elevation system and the camera was also quite annoying in my opinion atleast. But in the end it is good value for several great games"
,Recommended,244160,14660247,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,GrimPanda,"I never played the original actually.  Shocking, but true.There are some TINY things that I could nitpick about this game, but overall, it's a major blast.  The story, voice-acting and campaign are just a TON of fun to play through, and it's difficult/challenging enough to keep even vets really on point for strategy.  This isn't a game you'll beat in a day and then forget about.The only negatives I have are that the textures could have had a bit more HD to them IMO.  If you are going to say 4k HD, don't make my zoom in's blurry.  Some really nitpicky UI issues: If I press a button to open a menu, I want to close it with the same one (I'm looking at you B key!).  Etc...But overall... wow :D  Great money spent!"
,Recommended,244160,14660865,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Pemalite,Still one of the best games of all time.Everyone should have it if they enjoy RTS games.
76561197977559752,Recommended,244160,14661104,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,[GWJ] Hassasain,OH MY GOD! To believe I did not play this game back at the turn of the millenium. It is so enjoyable. Do not be a fool and pass this up.
,Recommended,244160,14661172,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,BoneDaddy,"Homeworld Remastered, is a good example of how a remaster should be.  This game consist of all the homeworld games to date (except for deserts of kharak).  If you're an RTS fan, this is a big must-have to any space fans and RTS fans out there.  Full 3D control, no constricted to the usual 2d plain that some space rts games have.  A long, challenging single player with lots of ways to finish them.  If you plan on playing the campaign, good luck, the difficulty in this game can go from easy to insane in a short time, mainly depends on how large your fleet is on later missions.Homeworld 1 Remake.  It has issues.  The biggest offended is the fact its just or feels more like a Homeworld 2 mod, but I guess its understandable, especially since they want all the races to be playable in skirmish or multiplayer, so they gotta keep them in the same engine.  The problem, a lot of HW1 features a missing.  So far they fixed some of them, mainly repair beams and I believe the harvesting.  All they need now is to brick back real time ballistics instead of an RNG chance system that homeworld 2 uses.  The other thing they need to fix is formations, luckily they're on the work for that, and the patch looks very promising.Homeworld 2 remake.  Since the remaster is using the HW2 engine, anyone who played the classic version already know how the gameplay is.  To the newcomers, homeworld 2 is the result when a developer is rushed to release a product, before release, the story was  to be much more larger (look up Homeworld 2: Dust Wars) however despite this, Homeworld 2 has one of the biggest or dedicated modding community out ther, check the workshop or the HW2 MODDB if you wanna see.The things Homeworld 2 improved upon is the gameplay and obviously graphics (look at the classic HW1 and HW2, the difference in graphics is big) and the remaster just makes HW2 (and 1) a lot more beautiful.Gameplay is good, its one of the best an RTS game offers, especially with its full 3D movement.  In a multiplayer match, you can send your units downwards (or upwards) towards the opposing fleet, and they'll never know whats coming to them (especially since we're so used to the usual 2D plain in RTS games)  The story is simple in the game yet emotional, especially since the Race you play as is almost extinct (spoilers)  Multiplayer is great too, even if you go against AI, its still a blast, because of the gameplay, you may find yourself too distracted looking at whatever your units are doing.tl;dr  Its a Must-have RTS game, buy it.+Great gameplay+Great soundtrack+Beautiful graphics+great sounds+good lengthy campaign+great modding community-HW1 features are missing-not a lot playing online (though it depends where you live and if you have good connection)-HW1 Remake feels more like a HW2 mod"
76561198025017964,Recommended,244160,14661310,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Hark,The Best Space RTS!Love this new remastered version.
76561197972378187,Recommended,244160,14667013,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,EvenColder,"A MASTERWORK of the RTS genre gets not only the best remaster available,  but is now preserved for newer generations of gamers to experience.  Not only does this game get the graphical overhaul that it deserves, but the sound assests have been remastered as well,  along with even the between mission cutscenes being brought into the new century.  Added steam workshop support will help the modding community continuously breathing new life into this title for quite some time.For those that never gotten to experience the Homeworld series or those that foundly remember this jewel of digital excellence I completely recommend this purchase.This game shows how unique and wonderful game design can stand up to the test of time.Thank you Gearbox for showing how a remaster/hd rerelease should be done, with obvious care and love for the material.I proudly award this title the Colder Seal of Approval!!"
76561198007171411,Recommended,244160,14653419,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Praetorias,"UTTER PERFECTION.  THis game was amazing back in 1999, now with the updated graphics it is even better.  I cannot express this enough....it is one of the best games ever made IMHO.  Deeply immersive, perfect sound effects, perfect music, perfect story.  Just WOW."
76561197990142396,Recommended,244160,14654977,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,(SDK) Soup,If i had a social life it would be nonexistent because of this game.  11/10 neckbeards. Great game.
76561197965365528,Recommended,244160,14659267,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Sure King,"Everything is fantastic! Just wish that someday maybe can bring back the cataclysm too......For a $20 DLC is no problerm! Guys of Gearbox, carry on!"
,Recommended,244160,14660292,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,eddhedd,"Compared to the original Homeworld series, this is the best remake/remasters I've come across. They've really gone into detail on everything, making the experience feel fresh. I'm very choosy on what games I buy because I don't have such a large gaming budget, but considering how much time and polish has gone into this remaster that I had to give the developers a show of support with my wallet. This is one of if notthebest release that this year has currently given us."
76561197995613598,Recommended,244160,14660407,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,BostonTBagParty,Still as good as ever. Great remaster for a great game. Love how they allow the HW1 and HW2 races to fight against each other in multiplayer/skirmish. Adds some depth and variation to the game and mixes things up in a neat way.
76561198016432903,Recommended,244160,14660880,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Scylla,"I only have 1 problem with this release... well 2 really.Not enough time in the day, and CATACLYSM!!!! WHERE IS CATACLYSM????? It is literally my favorite game of all time. I still have the CD.I got the pre-order with the 13"" mothership model for $99 in May of '14... I should have gotten two. Surprsingly, the code works on Steam.I'm waiting for the hack to capture the carrier in mission 2... DO IT!!Oh... get this game."
76561198213730704,Recommended,244160,14661051,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,handan,"Having played homeworld 1 and 2 many years ago,and still have discs,the idea of putting homeworld 1 into homeworld 2 engine was not a good idea,all i wanted was homeworld 1  with better graphics,not a new interface,that i thinck was also a step back,and what is it with big hyperspace bar in the middle of the screen that does not go away untill i hyperspace,you cannot retire caputered ships,fighters do not stay in formation as they do in the original homeworld. would i recommeded this to someone who had not played homeworld1 and 2 before yes,to a old hand of homeworld no.I just wanted better graphics for homeworld 1 ,Nothing else"
,Recommended,244160,14661265,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Артур,I love this game so much.I'll shove this down people's throats untill they learn to love it.
76561197973244002,Recommended,244160,14661355,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Jonesey,Was everything they promised - Just waiting for the first mods now!
,Recommended,244160,14661379,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,dantesnake,"I have no time to write this review, gotta go back to playing the game.10\10"
,Recommended,244160,14656630,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Akumaka,"A beautiful remastering of an epic, classic game.  The opening of the first mission darn near brought a tear to my eye!I highly recommend this game to any fan of the RTS Genre.  The soundtrack alone is among the best ever created for this genre, and the new visuals are absolutely stunning!  This is one of the first fully three-dimensional RTS games brought back for your enjoyment in the modern age, and it has survived the passage of time very well!"
76561198018669641,Recommended,244160,14658435,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,CommanderRoyal,"Now, I will make a note right now, I am a diehard Homeworld Fanboy. I played Homeworld 2 just a few months ago at the most recent. I also played Cataclysm fairly recently. However, Homeworld 1 eluded me after my childhood. You see, when I was 8, we got Homeworld 1 and I enjoyed it... that is, up until the asteroid mission where I could never get past it and never truely knew how the game evolved or even the ending.In fact, this, was the first time I have ever seen the ending of the original Homeworld.I loved it.It wasn't without its faults, but I couldn't really expect them to take a 15 year old game, ship it into a new engine, and fully remaster it without some issues being present. If you expected it to be perfect, you are a fool.They kept a lot of the basic gameplay elements that I remember while improving the bad things I forgot about. Here is a quick list of pros, cons, and bugs that I experienced.Bugs:Mission 3 broke for me on the first playthrough. I killed the frigates, but never got the objective to salvage the trays. Luckily it was a short mission and it was the only time I had to restart a mission. Might be worth checking out though.Pathing/AI seems to be extremely poor. The biggest issue I saw with this has an obvious answer too. Its the Homeworld 2 engine and that engine was not designed for single ships put into a chosen formation by the player. This causes OBVIOUS issues when you try to do it. Ships will immediatly drop out of their formations when combat starts and make no attempts to have any sembelence of sanity until the battle ends. Of course, this causes Homeworld 1 fighters to be damn near useless and you are way better off just running all frigates and capital class ships because they are useful past being cannon fodder... In most situations. On the Asteroid mission I got stuck on as a kid, I lost like 8 frigates to really terrible pathing which seemed to be caused by buggy asteroids.Pros:Homeworld is to this day considered the greatest designed space based RTS game ever created by a wide number of people. For good reason. This remastering brings the game into the current age of technology and holy♥♥♥♥♥♥did I just hear every other space based RTS♥♥♥♥♥♥themselves?Amazing Story that I finally got to enjoy fully for the first time in my life. I must say that the story telling in this game is a huge upturn to the current generation of games.Great gameplay mechanics for sure. The greatest being the persistent fleet between missions which can either make for an extremely fun situation or doomed to fail scenarios.Updated Graphics! This speaks for itself really.Updated Voice work!!!! This I was NOT expecting when I heard they would be remastering the game. They got the original voice actors and had them redo the lines with the higher quality recording technology and boy does it SHOW! If you watch the cutscenes from the original homeworld and compare it to these, you can not only see the difference in art, but you can HEAR the difference in voice acting too!Cons:Homeworld 2 Engine... I would have been WAY happier if they had used a different engine or maybe spent the time to make a new one. Perhaps one they could have used for Homeworld 3? ;) The Homeworld 2 engine is sloppy and actually causes the majority of the problems with the game as it sits. It was never that great, but I understand that it had to be done, it just makes me sad :(No difficulty setting - The best thing about Homeworld Cataclysm, was that at 8 years old you could set the difficulty to easy and blow through it and have fun with it. I had always wished a difficulty setting would have been in homeworld 1 so I could have beaten it as a kid and gotten way more enjoyment out of it. Now some other poor kid who might want to enjoy this game wont be able to either because it is too hard? Difficulty settings exsist so the player can choose their pace for the game and get the maximum enjoyment out of it. The point it was removed in Homeworld 2 and completely ignored still in this remastering simply reminds me of when I stopped bothering with homeworld 1 because I couldn't get past one mission. Then, by the time I was old enough to want to try again, it didn't work anymore on my computer. :'("
,Recommended,244160,14651942,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Shoc,The ammount of love Gearbox gave this franchise really shows in this remastered version. Homeworld is one of those games that I continue to pickup and play year after year since its first release.
,Recommended,244160,14652813,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Braincrack,"Played the remastered version 4 hours so far, Didnt played it in the past, thanks to Gearbox for the chance to play this title now :)(To the point of playing 4 hours a great remastered version)"
76561198021172382,Recommended,244160,14653250,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Silversmith,"It's exactly as I remember it.And considering how rose-tinted memories tend to be, that's high praise."
76561197994583777,Recommended,244160,14653290,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,evil_Ink,"Thanks for the best space 3D RTS ever, now in HD!!I really hope that success of Homeworld RC mobilize you to produce third part of the game."
,Recommended,244160,14653820,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Oleesi,Initial summary:This is more of a comparison to the original version.The Good:Beutiful graphics - no seriously it looks absolutely stunning yet retains the feel of the original game.Smooth gameplay - no stuttering and vessles move about nicely only with some issues.Fantastic story and animated cutscenes - provides great depth to the game and you could loose hours in the homewolrd wikiIntuative controls - easy to command an entire fleet without it feeling too daunting. You can move about 3D space very easily and are able to plan attacks accordingly.The bad:The tutorial is fairly buggy. The voice commands sometimes do not correspond with what you see on the screen and it it tells you to press a button to continue when it automatically continues anyway.Resource collectors glitch out - In some instances they just do not want to participate in helping at allResearch vessel dance around when constructing the ring of them. Not a big issue but they look pretty goofySometimes vessle movement is restricted such as in mission 4 when you encounter the trade ship. I was not able to gather the resources I needed to continue.To conclude:A fantastic tribute to what I consider the best RTS game of all time. It is wonderfully executed and it is very easy to sink many hours into this game. I entirely recommend.
,Recommended,244160,14654010,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Daftcube,"They delivered. This is a fantastic RTS that now runs on modern systems. This game is hands down the best space RTs game I have ever seen, because it actually has a stroy that I cared about and the 3d movement of the ships makes the battles look more awesome and requires more strategy. I player Kushan vs Vaygr first thing, and it runs spectacularly. Brings back the FEELS man!"
76561197972526344,Recommended,244160,14654981,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,unlokk,"Love this Game so much, remember getting it the First time round , and now its been remastered its even Better.if you never play this game well worth the money to play it. Dont just think its an Old game with a new lick of paint ..... its Much much more,its still a great game that still stands out from most modern games today."
76561198000711728,Recommended,244160,14656881,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Knight Guy,A Classic Space RTS remastered for today's market.WOOOOOoooo SPACE!
76561198022535822,Recommended,244160,14657012,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Mooface,"This is just a beautiful piece of art. Whether a gamer or not, this is a must simply for its visual experience. First time playing a homeworld game, and im glad it was the remastered version. It run's smoothly. I wouldn't say I have a great computer, I lag with medium sized ships in SE... so to say I did not lag, maxing out ships in a skirmish battle, on medium settings is a great feat I must say."
76561198006999421,Recommended,244160,14657297,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Burntstrobe,"Simply outstanding.So grateful to see a return of this amazing game, superior graphics and effects, battle in a true 3 dimensional field of play, rotating turrets and accurate ship scaling.The LEGEND has returned, thank you Devs for releasing and improving the greatest space game ever."
,Recommended,244160,14657508,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Chrypt22,"Truly a unique game... they did a supurb job with everything.  Graphically it looks like any modern game out there, better than some.  Gameplay is solid and they didn't mess with the mechanics.  It is hard to find a game where tactics are more than a build order.  This game forces you to think outside of the box... forces you to use what you have available."
76561197984485057,Recommended,244160,14658193,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Sevenfold,"Best space RTS ever. Period.People whining about AI issues or other trivial things need to keep in mind that the remastered version was in development for less than a year - for $32(CAD)? That's a steal, considering most games these days are over $60.Are there bugs? Sure. Can they be fixed? Most likely. As in most cases, YMMV. I for one haven't experienced any major bugs.I believe the main focus for this remastered version was to improve the visual fidelity of game, not it's core mechanics - which are more or less the same, along with any issues the previous versions had.The important thing is that gearbox brought the game back in to existence, and didn't butcher it in the process.Homeworld 3 now seems less like a pipe dream and more of a possibilty.Cheers."
,Recommended,244160,14661059,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Hiramas,"A amazingly beautiful remake of one of the best RTS series of games.There still are a few bugs, but I can only recommend getting these games.It is a must play if you are an RTS FAN, no matter if you played the original games or not."
76561198032186893,Recommended,244160,14661195,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,stealthace226,"Having played the original HW games, I can honestly say that Gearbox did an excellent job in modernizing the GREATEST space rts game of all time."
,Recommended,244160,14652729,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Melv,"SALVAGE CORVETTEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESALVAGE CORVETTEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESALVAGE CORVETTEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESALVAGE CORVETTEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEHoly crap they beefed up the most fun unit of the game.I dont have to say much.You know homeworld? Go get it.You like space games? Go get it.You like strategy games? go get it.You dont know homeworld? GO GET IT.This is a legendary game, it's full of action and can be very difficult.  Please see all the other reviews."
,Recommended,244160,14657441,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Damien Cain,Nostalgia done right...nuff said
76561197961546147,Recommended,244160,20622879,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Kaizo,yayaya get it
,Recommended,244160,18373199,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Cremeberry,There is no withdrawal from the garden.
,Recommended,244160,14653915,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Karmali,Outstanding remaster of an outstanding RTS.
76561198025045896,Recommended,244160,14653978,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,iStab,It feels like home(world).
,Recommended,244160,14655544,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,BIOX-PM,I've been testing the singleplayer parts of the game. So far the campaign seems to be in a solid state. It's running smoothly and it's beautiful. I've run into one graphical issue that was fixed with a driver update.Keep in mind that the MP is still in beta.I recommend it.My official reaction image:http://i.imgur.com/dw2ofbi.jpg
76561198009282352,Recommended,244160,14657368,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Phobos,"By far the best strategy game and modded game I have ever played. I have put more hours into this game over any other on CD. 10/10 Would buy again, so I did."
,Recommended,244160,14653130,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,[FALKEN|KNIGHT],NOTE: Encountered a minor hiccup at Launch where the game crashes.To fix: -Verify game contents- Restart Steam- PlayReview:The remastered edition is great.BEYOND GREAT!Its a masterpiece that caters to new players and long time fans of the series. This is a proper remaster where only minimal changes were made to simple but effective gameplay but a complete overhaul to the graphics/audio make this already great looking game into something of beauty.HIGHLY RECOMMEND.
,Recommended,244160,14655755,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,laureus31,It brings back sweet memories.
76561198006731883,Recommended,244160,14657771,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,toothless420,"Great remaster  of the game, still some bugs to iron out. But overal amazing job."
76561197994788494,Recommended,244160,14653177,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,3colours,A great re-imagining of a true classic of it's genre. Highly recommended!
,Recommended,244160,14655077,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,MOBIUS,"if you loved the original then this is a must, the game is a classic and the fact that they include the classics makes it all the more sweeter."
,Recommended,244160,14654623,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Rebornneo,"Just as I remembered it, but more beautiful.Of course, everyone always remembers their 'favorite' game of years back to be beautiful, even in comparison to modern games.With Homeworld (and 2) the style was something that had the same effect, though stronger as say a Halo.A very clean, beautiful aesthetic that stood the test of time beautifully.I'm surprised, and very happy to say that with this remake the game is even more beautiful than I remembered it.I have to come out and say I pre-ordered this, however, due to the fact that HW1/2 classic was provided with purchase this was more of a delayed-delivery purchase. I appreciate the 15% discount and what I consider to be a free remake and beta multiplayer/skirmish.I wasn't too sure up front that if they made any changes to the gameplay I would be too happy with it.It turns out that, thankfully, nobody has anything to fear, and all changes are purely optional.Oh, by default they're also turned off in the multiplayer. Turn them on with a click and there you go.Personally I must say I love the relic and the crates. They're contesting points that veteran players will see as a little bit of extra dynamic, and the newer players will be guided into a playstyle that in my opinion is a lot better! (Scouting to get more awareness, knowing where the enemy is probably going to be, etc.)Honestly, all in all just as I expected and hoped it to be, but better.Exactly the same where needed, much improved exactly where needed.10/10 Gearbox, I'm very impressed.And thank you....Now don't ♥♥♥♥ up hw3 ;)"
76561198006602789,Recommended,244160,14655269,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Bayliff,Sweet
76561198011401388,Recommended,244160,14656731,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,mikewerner,"In This Version: A heartfelt review.What a HUGE HUGE HUGE HUGE disappointment. This travesty uses the 1000% garbage HW2 interface. 10000 times my heart broke within the first few seconds of playing. Homeworld 1 is the legendary game that everyone loved, and homeworld 2 is just a junk sequel with 1/100th the fun because they crammed in a terrible interface and bogged it down with a few layers of pointless micromanagement on top of each boring ship. Homeworld 2 and subsequently Homeworld Remastered are LESSER gaming experiences compared to the original homeworld. What a waste of everyone's time. In the original HW, you simply build a ship, and from there it requires nothing more than a direction and a target. Fighters and corvettes could be docked and launched easily because they were stored in class-based groups. In this version, they are stored as useless individual units and you have to shift-click each little turd in order to launch them. In the original HW, you could have a research thread for each research ship you had. In this version? Single file, please. In the original, movement was only handled by pressing the 'M' key, in this version, just right click on empty space with a unit selected! Too bad thats the same command that controls the camera movement though, so count on accidentally moving your units all the time or at least bringing up the movement arrow and having to cancel. What else? In the original skirmish vs cpu and multiplayer, you could play with nearly infinite resources (without harvesting), and with UNLIMITED unit caps. My glorious fleets would crush all comers, including my framerate. I'm talking thousands of ships here. In this neutered version? No chance, the max resource injection is a baby-soft 3000RUs. In this version you can no longer control the probability of the AI attacking you in skirmish mode. The 'building' interface is probably the worst part. In the original, all ships that could be built were listed on ONE screen, and the text was small enough that you didn't need to scroll. Units under production were displayed over the text, simple and as wholesome as apple pie. In this version you have to click on the category of ship you want to build first, and then select the ship class to build. You cant miss it because it takes up damn near a 1/4 of the screen. For your convienience it has a 2d picture beside the name. In the original? 3D model WITH ACTUAL stats including armor and firepower ratings. Building in this version sends the ship into a horrible little pukepile called the queue. You shouldn't pay much attention to it because it is tucked away in the very far corner of the screen and you usually have to scroll down to see it all. To recap at this point: everything relating to researching, building, and controlling ships is rancid catpoop compared to the original. The actual 3d 'health bars' are also insanely 10x bigger in this version than the original, like they actually block the entire scene with only a handful of ships selected. Speaking of ship selection, the original let you select certain types of ships out of a larger group by giving you a text list. In this version you are given an array of icons to choose from, and lo and behold if it is the one part of the UI that doesn't fill the whole screen, but keeping with the theme of SUCKASS the icons are blurry and all look the same so at a glance you can't tell them apart. Don't fret though, if you hold the cursor over the picture FOR A FEW SECONDS the alt text pops up. The number of selected ships is also a blurry secret, shhh! In this version there are ugly unneccessary lines that show where ships are moving to or what they are targeting. Perfect for people who have never played Homeworld and have ADD or severe brain damage. Okay, there you have it, play by play every piece of the game has been a bucket of rotting fish up to this point. On to the ships now! Oh boy they changed all the stats on the original ships why not. Costs are different just because. Missiles aren't as effective because THEY WERE USEFUL. The sensor array apparently does NOTHING now. Ion frigates are made of baby powder. View distance seems to be different, lets assume it is just because it would ruin the original gameplay. If you can't see a small enemy, don't worry! The nice game will put a nice red triangle around it so you don't have to think or pay attention.Graphics were okay for sure. They did well to preserve the original designs. Explosions were cool and I had solid FPSThe sound was meh, the mothership is putting out a horrendously annoying drone at any distance. A bug?To sum up my feels? This isn't Homeworld. This is a mod of the sequel to Homeworld that no one liked. You can't play this and say, ""I played Homeworld!"". No, this is just Homeworld 2, which I TRUELY AND GENUINELY HATE. By hate I mean I wish it was dead or was never made. Anyone responsible for the HW2 UI, or deciding to base the HW1 Remastered version on Homeworld 2, is NOT A 100% COOL PERSON, and can never achieve that rank in life. They at least had the decency to include the original version.I only recommend this for the original version. Just play that, Okay?Edit after playing some more:Max unit cap is a joke! 29 capital and 39 frigates? Homeworld 1 lets you build thousands!The capital ships are a lot slower, weaker and less manuverable than HW original. Heavy Cruiser is useless without HyperjumpThe missile destroyer's missiles can't hit anything, they literally warp through the enemy ship. Bug?HW1's awesome formations are TRASHED. Sphere formation used to be so cool."
76561198094831886,Recommended,244160,14653224,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,ReapingHarvest,"Would reccomend this game in a heartbeat to anyone! Truly a great gaming experience remastered!An engaging story with smooth control and combat. Loved the original and the Remastered Collection brought back many great memeories and even improved in several aspects. If you love space combat strategy, this is the game for you!"
,Recommended,244160,14653376,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Wirespeed91,"Beautiful game. I've only played the HW1 campaign through mission 5 so far, but seeing the opening scene with the mothership leaving the scaffold was just *beautiful*and Kharak burning... oh god.This is awesome. There are some minor bugs that I've seen, and the initial loading of the game took a long time for me, at least the first time. But nothing crippling like some others are describing.10/10 Right in the childhood."
76561198015203408,Recommended,244160,30600221,Posted: 18 March,all,ScumbagSt3ve,"Great RTS game. Good, afordable time waster."
,Recommended,244160,16335551,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Sentionix,I have no idea how to play this10/10would fail to beat easy AI again
76561198069089362,Recommended,244160,21869151,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Kot Blinowy,"Well, it's Homeworld 1+2 revived with great graphics. Unfortunately nothing else, and there is no Cataclysm expansion. Still ,if you like Homeworld..."
,Recommended,244160,14654682,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Sulcataninja,awsome total worth the money i mean the graphics could be better but they rule totaly worth the buy
76561198047668239,Recommended,244160,14654638,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,vagor_ari,Brilliant games brilliantly remastered. I have waited nearly 15 years for a game like this come out and so to be playing a HD version...bliss
76561198022360373,Recommended,244160,14654696,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,wlrob53,AHHHHHH♥♥♥♥♥♥son!
76561198040560550,Not Recommended,244160,17200597,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,DUI_Stryfe,DON'T DO IT!!!!When you send units to a location in any other RTS you know where your units are going exactly. In Homeworld you have no way of telling depth and will quickly find that your ships you thought were headed one direction are off going to a completely different location then the one you thought you were clicking on.It will take you 15min at the most you realize you've made a terrible mistake. Don't let that happen to you.
,Recommended,244160,17999065,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,┌( ಠ_ಠ)┘,"It's Homeworld. If you're stupid enough NOT to buy this than you don't deserve to play it anyway. Yes, it's better than you."
76561198059485792,Recommended,244160,14656210,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Derek Zoolander,"Hello all Steam fellowI don't have much thing to say, and i know that you too, too lazy to read all the recommend. So let's go straight to the point....If you are a homeworld fan...""There will be nothing that you can complaint about the game"", or if you are a newbie to this,this game worth every penny you spent for it, because it's not only a game, it's art.Anakin7239"
,Recommended,244160,15212347,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,GaugeSix,"Great game, awful community of ""pro players"" who rag on you the second you make a mistake. Seriously, for such a great game all i want to do is have some CASUAL fun. None of that here. MLG or broke apparently with you people."
76561198102436080,Recommended,244160,22779500,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Dominus Primus Horizon,Started GameGot Started NormalyHardly 4 Mins Gets Spamed By FrigetsI Do The Same 20 Mins in to And Epic BattleI Get Rekt By a Bunch of Capital Ships10/10 Would Get Spamed Agian
76561198039300814,Recommended,244160,14658664,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,2017,YES
76561198082795589,Recommended,244160,14669421,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Belbew,I thought scuttle meant attack random ships.Blew up entire squad.11/10 IGNWould explod again
76561198123937643,Not Recommended,244160,14689786,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Bash,"I would recomend with caution. the games cost is 40$ at the current time and there are some  BUGs i am getting black screens that i can still scroll but can't see nothing just hear the battle right after the cut screens after cut sceens if you try to skip them. (after playing some more i have figured out that the esc key can crash the game if you use it to close windows and cancel orders too much, i had the map view open and the mothership building menu opened and used esc to close and the back ground faded out to black all i had left was the overlay and sound and the game still working but i can't see nothing.) but you can save your game when this happens and reload it and it will have the picture back on the screen where you left off.Also if doesn't explain very much so if you have not played before and are use to being spoon fed with tutorials explaining every detail then you might get overwhelmed at times.Here are a few things about homeworld 1 that don't fit.  The controls are odd the UI is well... seems unfinished.  The ESC key doesn't bring up the option menu which is in most games so it becomes comfusings at times. There is no mouse sensitivity for the zoom or side scroll  so you miss the battle.  The formations fall apart once in battle. After playing around  for many hours you can get the hang of it.That being said I am still having fun with this game and recommend it if you don't mind wating for some patches because i am sure they will fix the major issues.  This was a  rushed review to get it out there so don't use this to make up your mind on what could be a great exprience.My rating so far is 7/10 gaming breaking bugs. This is more like a Homeworld2 pre-qual instead of Homeworld.Not to be hard on the game but you don't need me to tell you about the pros you can read about those on other reviews"
,Not Recommended,244160,29332327,Posted: 17 January,all,Chuckles,"It looks like it would be fun, and I would recommend it to RTS/Sci Fi fans. But there's a game-breaking memory bug that means I can't play for more than ~20 minutes at a time.Edit: Disabling steam overlay and windows gaming overlay seems to have fixed the ""Access Error"" Bug. I'm still not recommending because this needs to be fixed."
,Not Recommended,244160,33709335,Posted: 21 July,all,Dennis Rodman,"Game structure seems fun; I've made it pretty far in Homeworld 1's campaign, but ended up deleting the game because of the constant interruptions. It's like the creators of the game thought that interrupting the gameplay a minimum of 4 times each mission (meaning you lose control of the screen and often can't give orders to your ships or look around) would be fun. It's not, it's very annoying, I bought this game to play it, not to watch slow camera panning to enemy ships and listen to some droning voice say ""oh look teh enemy oh no"" in a slow and drawn-out way. A simple minimap ping would suffice, this ended up being so annoying that I'm just done with the game. I do not recommend it, there are plenty of RTS games without this level of annoyance. Also you can't zoom out nearly far enough."
,Not Recommended,244160,33825460,Posted: 26 July,all,glive5,"This is an amazing game that i would easily recommend to any strategy game lover , but it support by the developer gearbox is the worst, currently i am completely unable to play the game because of their patches when before i could play the game without any problem , this is a shame and a complete waste of an amazing game"
76561198015356991,Recommended,244160,14650781,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Lord,...A improved Homeworld & Homeworld 2 with mutliplayer...do i have to say anything more. ;D
76561198079367794,Recommended,244160,16506310,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,a black man,the remastered game is a lowt ezeer than the erganil . bat its stel rere gud
76561198123180655,Not Recommended,244160,23577825,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Hakime,The game post-patch has been ruined. I was one of the competitive players who played this game a couple of hours every day and the new patch screwed over the dynamics of the game to the point of it being unfixable unless they go back to a previous version which will never happen. If you want to play a competitive game there are other good RTS's out there to play.
76561198138420272,Not Recommended,244160,14671862,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,orbrown,This is a fun game but there needs to a moding tool to open the BIG files of the game. That is what makes it fun to Mod this game.
,Not Recommended,244160,14687204,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,ZanderChief,"At least I cannot recommend it yet based off my first encounter.Homeworld was one of the games people told me I should play. I never actually got round to it the first time so I was really looking forward to play this ""legend"". However I have played through the 1st few missions and I have the same issues I see others are  facing. Namely:1) Formations don't seem to do anything - the ships to go were ever they please.2) I came across some bugs with collsions detection (resource collect go stuck between Mother ship and a large ally vessel) as well as random black screens.3) It's quite hard / boring to grind the first couple of missions. I found it was a bit of a grind to kill off the early corvettes with the scouts and inteceptors. I eneded up sending a scavanger corvette to capture most of them!Having said all this, for an RTS it really sets a great mood and the story is quite well done. I hope if I come back to this in a few months it will be patched. A pity really."
76561198156983143,Not Recommended,244160,15119729,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,ercan.derekoy,"There is nothing new to this game, no improvement in AI, game system or the campain. It is the same old homeworld with better graphics. (Homeworld was great but why would I pay one more fot the game I payed and played before?)"
,Not Recommended,244160,14685063,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Reb,"Too many bugs, do not buy until they fix. Unless you're just after homeworld original on steam. Homeworld 2 sucked and still sucks, so I have no comments on that. My review is based on trying to play Homeworld remastered. Multiplayer is a cluster♥♥♥♥ also, but they labled it beta and the plan is to work on balance I guess?Pros:- New GraphicsCons:- Formations don't work properly, which ties in with aggresive and defensive maneuvers not working properly (these 4 top points are all related and contribute to fighters and corvettes being worthless, besides salvage and repair)- Fighers die too easy- Fights hardly do any damage- Fighters (and any unit for that matter) forget orders randomly and do what ever they feel like.- Mission triggers randomly break, you might not know that you're mission is bugged until you're ""finished but the next trigger won't trigger because you somehow broke it earlier, meaning you have to start the mission again...- Certain ships don't work like they used to making them worthless, like the support frigate was able to heal ships from a distance and now does nothing...- Adjusting missions according to your fleet, dosen't seem to be balanced right (but also has to do with a lot of other issues of stuff not working properly, which makes everything hard- The Garden of Kadesh used to be a hard mission, even though it's only fighters you fight. Now they seem to be broken and not working properly making it so easy you hardly do anythingIf you're looking to play Homeworld, wait until a sale to get it. If you're looking to play homeworld remastered, wait until it's patched and works. If you're looking to play homeworld 2, IDK ask someone else. It's probably functioning as normal though. And multiplayer is un-balanced as hell at the moment."
76561197970762017,Not Recommended,244160,14741660,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,HarneyEmpire,Why wont homeworld Classic work on XP when it was launched for Windows 98. Make no sense. I have to give it a thunbs down but i reakky wanted to give it a UP. I'll get Windows 7 or better when i can afford it. Not Rich like some of you here.Tough for me i know - good for you.
76561197993002134,Not Recommended,244160,14683870,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Duck King,"Great verion of HW 2. Appaling, if pretty bersion of HW 1. Recommended if you prefer HW 2."
76561198007322843,Not Recommended,244160,14685456,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,import-tuner88,"Never played the original versions. Game appears to be one long escort mission, oh and you shoot at asteroids at one point because the Mothership is incapable of listing lazily to one side and avoiding them entirely. Further evidence that Gearbox cannot make a quality game outside of its Borderlands series."
,Not Recommended,244160,14685885,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Ozzyla,"I dont know how this is getting such good reviews, the interface is frigging ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!"
,Recommended,244160,14653739,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,CT-5862-74 (Daz),"Absolutely fantastic, essentially this is the same old Homeworld/Homeworld 2 that we all knew and loved with just a few kicks in the visuals department and other features along the lines of the multiplayer beta which combines both the HW and HW 2 races into it so both can be played against each other.If you enjoy space sims and have never played the classic Homeworld games I implore you to pick this up, it is the pivotal space RTS with a full 3d plane allowing for different ways to carry out attacks given the freedom, diverse units(even faction's similar unit can feel vastly different for another faction), an amazing story, beautiful battles(sometimes the urge to sit and not even play comes about), etc. Overall this is just a very unique experience, really there isn't an RTS that can be compared to it.Watch some videos, read some more reviews until you may be comfortable to give this a shot, but in my opinion I can easily recomend this to anyone who loves RTS's whether you like space or not, it is that good."
,Recommended,244160,14661287,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,mack,Just buy it.
,Not Recommended,244160,16315120,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,W+M1,Glitchy as f*ck. This problem persists for some time now and hasn't ben fixed.
76561198095116464,Not Recommended,244160,15734421,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,nfwade2000,when i played the game my ships were invisible i think they were screwed up or something
76561197969287191,Recommended,244160,14873295,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,piddlefoot,"Brilliant remake of a classic game, a few small bugs, nothing that stop you playing, a few changes some good some not so good depending on your taste, for exsample the battlecruisers can no longer have extra missile or beam upgrade, 2 slots have been removed.The explosions have been completely re-done and look absolutely awesome now, and also leave alot of salvageable material too.The game has all of its original controls, which is excellent.There are a couple of new factions/enemies some new ships, all with the same style as the original homeworld 2 ships, very neatly done indeed.Mods lack a bit of support still, half of them work half of them dont.One mod COMPLEX 9 works great and allows for the unit cap, which is still around the same as HW2 original, to be lifted to extraordinary levels, example 90 odd capitol ships, much much fun if you have a beefy PC like I do.Definately worth the 34$ steam are charging for the re-mastered version, if you like HM2 original, you are going to love this very fresh and invigorating remake of a classic game.It would be great if there was a map editor like ''skunks map editor'' for HW2 re-mastered..., The ability to create your own maps is the one big thing they should have put into the game as a standard feature that they missed.Maybe in a future patch perhaps.....Now I have fleets to cull ! Bye !"
,Recommended,244160,25513781,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,LOL,I love it
76561198059703722,Recommended,244160,14656281,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,RageDumplings,My game crashs everytime its loading the map....Anyone knows why?
,Recommended,244160,14653661,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Papa Moon Moon,"This game looks absolutley amazing, I love what Gearbox did with it. And it plays just like the original game 15 years ago, I'm so happy that a remake was made.10/10 Really solid RTS"
,Recommended,244160,14657024,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Futil,"I've been playing the Homeword games for over a decade, and for a long time I thought that the series was dead. Gearbox really outdid themselves in this remake, and it really seems like a labour of love. This is by far the best game I've played in a while, even if it is a remake of an older classic.10/10"
76561198060615896,Recommended,244160,14656497,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Yatem,"Great game, get it m8s"
,Recommended,244160,14656839,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Dust Line,诸君，我们的征途是星辰大海！
76561198174983811,Recommended,244160,14654485,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,truglow,Awsome. Already a great game but the polish has brought a new shine!
76561198090486766,Recommended,244160,14655372,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Captainapollo,"Don't buy this game if you want to have a girlfriend, a job, friends, or to do anything in your life worth noting. BEWARE: Sideffects may include sleep deprivation, extremely long and random orga$ms, wetting your pants, and chronic masturbation to the visuals in this game."
,Recommended,244160,14656631,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Techno,"10/10 Gearbox really nailed it with this remaster.The game looks beyond beautiful and runs without any problems. The inclusion of workshop support means that this remaster will only get greater with time. If you haven't played the original games you should definately check this out, it's an all time RTS favorite."
76561197986030621,Recommended,244160,14715692,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,- Danse -,"This is a biased review - let's get that out of the way early.Having played the three originals, and having kept an eye on the progress of the remasters, it's fair to say that I was a fan before release, and one of those 'old guys' who eagerly awaited this arrival with crossed fingers and a daily prayer to the gaming gods for Gearbox not to screw it up.Was it going to be a labour of love, a cash-in, a botch job? I was understandably concerned.Straight out of the gate, there's a clue. When the opening titles splash, and it's introduced as a remastering of a game by Relic first and foremost, you realise that these guys are paying due deference to the source. I knew this already, as Gearbox have gone out of their way to collect original voice actors, and even original design team members to give this the attention it needs. They spent time putting everything in place to reproduce a classic. More than that, what originally started out as a simple release with a HD upgrade turned into a full-on remaster with not just improved visuals, but high fidelity sound. Gearbox had the chance to make this a cash grab. They passed up that chance of merely cleaning the windows and elected to give it a full service, respray, a new set of tyres, and replaced the engine while they were there. Sadly for some, they did mess with the handling a little, but I'll get to that.Whenever I load up the originals, while they're still excellent in gameplay, the visuals are suffering. They don't look like how I remember them. There appears to be some gap between reality and my imagination. My imagination upgrades visuals as I go along, and I'm invariably disappointed  when I find that my memory is lying to me and the games have a lower resolution than my imagination does. Original HW2 still looked pretty good, but HW1 was showing its age badly. Apparently Gearbox thought the same. The remastered versions look like how I imagine the originals. They look better.They're beautiful.Nebulae are rich and vibrant, with that otherworldly quality that makes space look much more lovely than it is. Ships are detailed, explosions are impressive and Kharak and Hiigara have never looked so amazing. In one sweeping moment, all the graphical issues that come with decades old games - gone.So far so good. How's the gameplay though?Gearbox have modified HW1's gameplay to be more like HW2. This will be sacrilege for some, and for those who thought HW2 improved a lot of things, it will seem as simply sensible.Fighter formations are no longer entirely static. They hold formation until they engage the enemy, and then as one would expect, they break off into one almighty hairball with contrails zipping in and out of each other to the incongruous tune of vacuum explosions. This seems more realistic (minus the forgivable space sound), and yet it unarguably removes a facet of the original that some will find hard to bear.Some won't like it. I realise that, and I think Gearbox did too. They telegraphed it ahead of release to ease fans into the idea. Time will tell if Gearbox patch this feature back in. Also, the fuel mechanic is gone. Can't say I lament its passing. It was tedious.Other than that, Gearbox have kept a very light touch, and have changed very little. They clearly know not to mess with a proven title too much. There are good reasons for the changes they did make however. To allow a seamless transition from the first to the second game, one of them would have to change as there were some significant differences. You can literally play them back to back now, and they feel like you're playing the same game. Nothing jars.Also, the UI is standard across the two. It's now even more minimalist than it used to be, allowing you more screen real-estate to watch the carnage. It doesn't take long to navigate your way round, and in no time at all you'll find yourself hotkeying your way to victory.Other than that, Gearbox have left the gameplay largely untouched, which is interesting. They must have been tempted to 'do a Lucas', but they didn't. What's even more interesting is that the gameplay from two titles which are now 16 and 12 years old respectively, doesn't suffer by modern standards. They're perfectly fine. I'm not sure of any other genre that could make that boast, but then, there really hasn't been much like Homeworld since.People still compare it to its nearest contemporary, Sins of a Solar Empire, and that is telling. Sins is nothing like Homeworld. Both are set in space, and both are viewed from a god's eye view, and that's it.Of course, for those who simply cannot stand the few changes that have been made, Gearbox included the two originals as well, with some fixes to enable them to run on modern machines.There are some bugs. I've had a couple of crashes and there appears to be a persistent engine audio bug that is banished by opening the game menu. Others report more bugs than I've seen, so hopefully Gearbox will get on the case and tweak a little.All in all, for the price, you cannot go wrong. Two games, two versions of each. One for the more strident hard-like fans, and an updated version for everyone else that is simply a joy to play. All for the price of one game.I was starting to fear these games would be lost to the history bin, but thanks to Gearbox I've managed to walk with the Kushan once more on their cosmic caravan to regain their Homeworld, and also with the newly renamed Hiigarans, striving against overwhelming odds to preserve it. It was as much a pleasure this time round as the first.Hopefully, now that HW1 and 2 are accessible once more to the gaming public, Gearbox will move on from here to Homeworld 3, and Shipbreakers, the latter of which is already well into development. After playing through the beautiful Remastered games, I'll be waiting eagerly.For those who have never played these games, fair warning, they may seem harder than modern gamers are accustomed to, but they're as brilliant now as they were originally, and even though it's a much overused cliche, they deserve a place on any gamer's digital shelf.Now, back to killing those Taiidani and Vaygr scum ..."
76561198382654797,Not Recommended,244160,31558353,Posted: 5 May,all,Caronte Shinigami,"The game is beautiful, but not like the original:It's not the graphics issue, never so many boring bugs, and little changes in Chapter 1 that are horrendous.Bugs found (I'm only at level 6 of the first chapter campaign):Audio, sometimes the 50% of the audio disappears, can be solved with a restart of the game, if it is not resolved to go out to search the ""PLAYERCFG.LUA"" file (...\Steam\steamapps\common\Homeworld\HomeworldRM​​\Bin\Profiles\Profile1), open with a text editor, search for ""Option"", search ""AudioOptions"" set ""sfxVolume = 1,"".Group keys (ctrl + 1,2,3 ..., 0) do not remind the ships assigned after a loading or a mission change.I did not understand if it is intentional or not, capturing the ships is changing the color of the skin and modified with the color of the player, ok I'm fine, the problem is changing mission / loading a game, it happens that the ships caught in the previous mission They have the color of the player, the next game has the original color or the opposite, individually for each vessel captured, (exceptions the particular ships: Ion Array Frigate / Missile Corvette Turanic Raiders / Standard Corvette Turanic Raiders do not change color in any case.Changes:HW1 Mission 3: Return to Kharak, 1 captured frigate disappears, is it normal for mission, but the other frigates captured? Why are they directly dismantled? On the old HW1, 1 frigate disappears for mission reasons, but the others are normally capturedand not dismantled!interface similar to HW2, consequently less functional / immediate than HW1The balance of missions has changed, the 4th exasperating missionchange formations, wall / sphere / X etc ... example: 15 fighters or small ships are needed to complete the X formation formation, with hunting n16 the formation is divided by half forming 2 X, for hunting is not a Bad, but for frigates and warships ...Not to mention the spherical formations ... now completely useless ... on old HW1 I first built a handful of defenders positioned spheres, with a Resource Controller center ... now it is not possible ...no fuel for smaller ships, so mission 7 I have no idea how to deal with it (destroying support ships first, fighters it was easier to eliminate them)"
,Not Recommended,244160,33752223,Posted: 23 July,all,Shaz,"Freezing issues, No Campaigns whatsoever on first Homeworld Remastered. Just Tutorial, Extra Missions, Skirmish and Multiplayer which is now dead. Not sure what the point of this release is."
76561197960283776,Recommended,244160,25469494,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,RetroVertigo,"Classic homeworld, better graphics and no bugs. Need i say more."
76561198007035388,Recommended,244160,14656658,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,hearnoevil,After you get the kinks worked out client side it is great. Multiplayer is still on the frits but its in beta and understandbly so. Old game code +new multiplay code = clash ups
76561198044945944,Recommended,244160,14657979,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Portholes,GOOD
76561197960505914,Recommended,244160,30493766,Posted: 13 March,all,Tigger,"Did you like the original Homeworld?  Good, buy this game."
,Recommended,244160,30776874,Posted: 27 March,all,Prokill,Great remaster of a great game.  8/10
76561197997380379,Not Recommended,244160,20595850,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,BlingXPoopLove,"Many years ago I attempted top play this game and I didn't make it far before I emailed the developers with numerous words of curse about the bugs and non-standard camera controls. I stopped playing after I smashed my old desk into pieces because of the frustration, but now I've decided to try again.Here are the reasons why I will email the developers again telling them why they suck my ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥:1. I think this versions camera controls are even worse. I tried remapping them, but when I press D my ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s start docking again. I even remapped docking to some random key.. but no.2. End of missions resource collection - I've discovered that after a mission is complete I have to let it run in the background for an hour for my chumps to get everything on the map. What makes this worse is that my salvage corvettes are the laziest lumps of♥♥♥♥♥in the universe and I have to individual click on every piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥for those ♥♥♥♥s to salvage. For some reason... this is not enjoyable at all.3. The Pause Key! - I've never used this key before in my life. Everytime I want to use it I have to search the keyboard for this damn thing. A button on the HUD would be common sense,instead you just need to use the pause key... a key which no game ever in the history of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ games has ever used.I should not of bought this. Its the same crap as before but with added bugs."
76561198344592577,Recommended,244160,29505665,Posted: 26 January,all,mysqlserver2007,"Very, very nice game! 相当相当不错的游戏！"
,Not Recommended,244160,15576492,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Bauglir,"The incredibly inept porting of Homeworld into its sequel's engine has the upside of me rediscovering the original game's brilliance.  Downside is it doesn't look nearly as pretty as the remaster, but at least it's not broken."
76561198121110794,Recommended,244160,24964540,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,✪ bowtiedan,pretty fun game
76561198032051632,Recommended,244160,14658389,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Lokat,works of art
76561197997567681,Recommended,244160,14653869,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Flashpoint,I love this game.
76561198060527078,Recommended,244160,29238313,Posted: 13 January,all,Hank Hill's Ass,"““So, I bought this game during the winter sale and like many other mainly single player games I own, I assumed that I would play for a couple hours and then put the game down because I didn't want to grind my way through the story. Tomb Raider was different. This campaign is one of the most exciting campaigns I have played in years, and that puts this game on my all time favorites list with great games like Star Wars: Battlefront (2004), and Halo Reach. I could not put this game down. Around every corner there is something to fine. Unfortunately, I grinded the games story and managed to complete the story with an overall game completion of 68%, but there is no doubt in my mind that I will not play this game again soon. I played the game on the hardest dificulty, and although I died a couple times - seven times to be exact - The game was so much fun that I didn't care about me dying when I got rushed by 20 autoaiming enemies. Overall, I love this game. I found everything about it great: the story, the graphics, and gameplay. It isn't often that I find a game like this where I want to come back and keep playing day after day, and not put it down at all. This game is amazing.””"
,Recommended,244160,14741146,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Sunder,Homeworld is one of those rare games that you can never forget. Ever since I played the originals I always came back to the memories of this game somehow.This game is an absolute classic! If you even remotely interested in RTS you simply have to have Homeworld in your collection.Recommend with all five. Can't go wrong if you buy this game I only wish that every game was made with such amount of love as this one.
76561198014526692,Recommended,244160,22861006,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Thazgar,"Still a great game, even after all these years. The HD is actually pretty good ( even if there is some bugs that can occurs in HW1, during the mission Supernova Station, where dust clouds are nearly invisible ).If you are, like me, a lover of the Homeworld franchise, then, this Remastered edition is 100% worth it.There are some issues and bugs, the major being the broken formations, but it is still possible to really enjoy the game.I play mostly on solo or in coop with friends, so i can't make a review on the multiplayer. Most of Homeworld gamers plays only for the campaign tho."
76561198094077377,Recommended,244160,22143766,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Jeharo,"Certainly difficult, frustrating, and worth it."
,Recommended,244160,14654320,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,tibbsmeister,"Thankyou Gearbox, I've waited years for this.  It's just how I remembered - 10/10"
76561198024440819,Recommended,244160,14658082,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Volboris,Best damn game on steam.
,Recommended,244160,14653203,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Ross (aka CroMagnon),Today I played the game that defined my love for RTS in 1080p at over 100 fps! What a time to be alive!10/10
,Recommended,244160,14654229,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,xxWhiffer Master 9000xx,"Just as great as I remembered, and very dynamic gameplay supported by equally amazing aethestics.11/10"
,Recommended,244160,14658350,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,DubMeister,"Personally, this is the first time I played Homeworld. I never played the classics when they first came out because I was too young to even know about games. The environment, the visuals, and the sounds are amazing. The battles are exactly what I envisioned a space battle to look like; epic fleets dueling it out until only one remains. Homeworld Remaster Collection is worth the money, especially if it is on sale. What makes it even better is that there is modding support so I spend most of my time playing modded version. The only downside to the game is the disk space this will take up."
76561197980714527,Recommended,244160,14658369,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,D|2e4m1ng_D34D,There are alot of people hating on the forums. From A to Z...ITs brilliant if you ask me.
76561197998469209,Recommended,244160,14658290,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,039issac,"No Question, Get this game"
76561198056711409,Recommended,244160,14654869,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,phills14,This makes me feel very nostalgic.Its my first time ever playing a Homeworld game.
76561198090500482,Recommended,244160,14658411,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Pontius,"When I picked up a dusty copy of Homeworld, some years after its release, and booted up this obscure 3D Space RTS, and its equally beautiful sequel, Homeworld 2, I could never have imagined that now, perhaps a Decade later,  they would once again return to my computer screen, reimagined in glorious HD.The story is powerful, at times desperate, but ultimately rewarding. The narrative is genuine, sorrowful, the voice of Fleet Command falters at the sight of the Genocide of Kharak, pilots mourn and seek revenge with rabid determination. This gives way in turn to triumpthant relief.Ships catch the light of exotic Nebulae, projectiles and lasers cast fiery arcs on their hulls. The graphical direction becomes another dimension to the story, everything is just Human enough for the gamer to be totally immersed in the struggle, the exiles clinging to hope in these ships almost becoming your own people.This re-release of Homeworld and Homeworld 2, is a fitting homage to the genius of this series. Many an hour will be lost, or invested, in joining these weary exiles on their slow, tortured, hazard filled journey to that place we all hope to find, home.10/10"
,Recommended,244160,14655224,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,|TG| Vitamin187,"Best game when I was a kid, still is the best game even now."
,Recommended,244160,14657808,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,OverlordNyaldee,One of the best games ever returns!
,Recommended,244160,14658139,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,TheCas,Brings back the love of a great clasic game
76561197999850159,Recommended,244160,14653846,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Khan84,"The best Space RTS of all time. From 1999 to 2015, nothing comes close!"
,Recommended,244160,14654161,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Juicy Jay,One of the best and the most glorious RTS ever made.Must have.
76561198037873117,Recommended,244160,14654188,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Waxer,This game = Win
,Not Recommended,244160,14657291,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Zidaken,...
76561198028262189,Recommended,244160,27895418,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,kaworu83,"This game brings back goods old memories, it's sad how today there isn't a worthy successor of Homeworld."
,Recommended,244160,20672857,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,MobSpy,"For a while I avoided this game and thought of refunding it, due to it being pretty much a degraded version of the Sins of a Solar Empire stuff. But now, that I've learned about the salvage ships....built 5 salvage shipsenemy attackedCaptured 40 of their ships over timethey kept spawning out of the carrier, so i kept grabbing them with my salvage ships. pretty much spawn camping.and the i rekt it8/10 would ""kapture them all"" again"
76561198068428747,Not Recommended,244160,22638955,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Thane,"Unless you want to watch little images play tag, but move very slowly & not even know the rules, DO NOT GET THIS GAME!!!!"
76561198009800264,Recommended,244160,16352643,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,spiffs,A good upgrade/remaster from the original with workshop support. unlike the usual ps4 to PC “HD” re release crap *caughWatchdogs*.
,Not Recommended,244160,14664712,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,bikinihorst,"I played the original Homeworld for days on end and hoped by the infos released, it would be a remarkable bundle of glorious HD childhood remembrance. I was wrong.One of the main reasons I didn't really play and / or like Homeworld 2 was related to fleets. Yes, one of the main things elevating this game from other RTS was bothering me. Why? The AI didn't have a fixed fleet (size) like in HW1, but instead was composed of units perfectly cancelling out your whole fleet. You captured Frigates, Destroyers, Cruisers only to get them destroyed by counter-units spawned exactly for this ship.In HW1 you had a unique fleet consisting of Kadeshi, Turanic and Taiidan ships mixed with your run-off-the-mill standard units. It was simply put beautiful. They kept their original paint job and most of them performed extraordinarily. You cared deeply for your units because you couldn't build new ones to replace them, because they were unique. If you built units, it was mostly supporters and / or special ships. Why? Because resources were scarce and had to be consolidated around the necessities. You used what you had carefully and many a time you had to reload a game because you lost one too many ship or one dear to you.Then, in HW2, you had this urge to capture cool Vaygr craft like missile frigates. Boy was I proud to finally have captured a few of those. Then I harvested resources the old fashioned way and prepared a fleet to be able to counter everything I thought could be thrown at me. In the next mission I was always surprised to find the enemy being able to kill every last one of my ships at will, because his fleet strength was measured exactly by mine. This made me realize that capturing and keeping special or even more useful ships than mine was futile. I had to scrap every single one of them just to not be overrun and lose them in the next mission. After one or two missions I came to the conclusion that I had to scrap all ships excluding ship production vessels if i didn't want a mass extinction to happen. My fleet at the end and start of each mission basically was a Chinese sweat shop.This moved me farther and farther away from caring just the tiniest bit for my fleet - because why would I? Everything was interchangeable or could be rebuilt. It was always the same. Scrap and rebuild. Scrap and rebuild. At some point I just produced ships to counter the enemy, not to have an effective fleet. The ones built faster were in higher numbers than the rest, because who gives a♥♥♥♥♥♥ right? They will be scrapped either way. I realized that this was not the type of game I was expecting a HW game to be and abandoned HW2 for good.Now they made this gorgeous looking game and based it on the same ♥♥♥♥♥♥ AI fleet mechanism that HW2 had. I feel betrayed because the previews don't talk about that and just blow sugar up its♥♥♥♥♥ They removed many functions like the support frigates' repair beam or group capture with salvettes. It's a nightmare of micro management wrapped in gorgeous HD graphics. I will NOT play the campaigns of either of them because it just pisses on my childhood memories of HW1. Too many things are wrong with the game and I will wait until they address it. The forums are aflame because of the same reasons.I even bought the CE because I was so sure it would live up to the original. At the moment it's nothing more than a HW1 mod for HW2 with better graphics. The formations are broken, the launch manager is a mess, research costs money, the ""z""-with-selection-rectangle functions are missing altogether, the AI fleets are dynamically generated based on your fleet.I liked the serenity of the old HW1. You had your objective, completed it and collected resources while getting your fleet ready for the next mission. You built ships, organized groups or just watched your harvesters do their work. The new games focus more on massive battles - which are literally pre-programmed - and watch all you built up explode and scatter just to win by  a hair.If you liked the ""Transformers"" movies, this one is for you. If you liked the original HW game, you should wait."
76561197969396189,Not Recommended,244160,14661869,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Evilpog,"The original is a great game and one I fondly remember. I was super excited to hear about the remastered and even more suprised when it went on sale yesterday. Unfortunately like so many other products on Steam this was is a beta product with the green light notice and it's not ready for show time. There are glitches with the gameplay, AI, and controls that make the game nearly un-playable. You will spend several times reloading a mission or rebooting the game so save often.  First review by the way and considering I've been using Steam since 2004 gives you some idea how I feel about what Gearbox has done."
,Recommended,244160,14651206,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Griffyn,Remarkable remastered! Best RTS in space ever! Thank you gearbox!
76561198100141568,Not Recommended,244160,33999121,Posted: 3 August,all,RealPreston,I bought this game about 3 years ago an liked alot. but recently I tried to play it and because the new patches it is almost unplayable the dificulty spikes and by mission three the enemy have about 8 frigates and I can't even save a single cryo tray with out already having every unit in a group and needing to have my timing perfactly not to mention every thing I have does so little damage to them it takes forever to even kill one and they ruined my favorite tactic/most iconic thing in the game the salvage corvettes having them relentlesly trying to kill them with 100% accuracy and oneshotting them. It does not matter if the thing they were attacking was no matter how important they just immediately attack them even if they are coming from up above or behind them they attack as soon as they see my salvage corvettes. there needs to be a dificulty setting because the game right now is not playable without using exploits or mods
76561198013022349,Not Recommended,244160,14715372,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Onion Knight,"I was first excited to buy this game after seeing its gameplay trailers and reviews, but massively dissapointed at what i got got, that being a game that crashes itself every 5 minutes. i tried playing the campaign, but the end cinematic would never finish before the game crashed, i tried skirmishes, but crashed as soon as my mothership ported in. Overall i was incredibly dissapointed to have wasted thirty dollars on this half baked, unplayable game"
76561198005752082,Recommended,244160,14653015,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,MalcolmLu,OMFG I feel like I was 12 again :)
76561197999324258,Not Recommended,244160,14669473,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Stormwraith0177,"Lots of bugs and glitches.  I love seeing new life brought to this classic, but I suggest giving them some time to get everything sorted out."
,Not Recommended,244160,14673033,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Kurgol,Really looking forwards to this game and purchased it on release. I have a monster gaming rig and when I launch this game and try to start single player it just crashes to desktop. Very disappointed.
76561198015722541,Not Recommended,244160,28515694,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,gamefreak2009,"Windows ReviewLove the new look of the Graphics, never had the oppurtunity to play the 1st one until now.But I do have some concerns about the Player vs CPU every time I try to play it the system crashes and kicks me out of the entire game, is it possible you can look into this matter, I spent $35 on this game and I would really hate for it to be a waste."
76561198260132564,Not Recommended,244160,25327222,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,ghostofthetoast,"I do not recommend this game if you're running windows 10 and have an AMD graphics card. The supposedly fluid moding system crashes and bugs out every time you even think of trying to adjust the settings just so you can play the game or the content created by its fans. I'm having to reinstall the game in the hope that the settings will return to default.So if you're running the same OS and graphics card I am, I recommend you get a different space sim, as modding will be wholly unavailable to you, frequent crashes and transparent texture bugs will be your life.I can see there is a fantastic game buried underneath all the problems, but if the devs can't be bothered to optimize their game for the whole of the PC community then what is the point?"
76561198035355781,Recommended,244160,18378101,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Johnald P. Redham,Banana.
76561197997808786,Not Recommended,244160,17284311,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Bob_89,It's not a good strategy game in my opinion. There is just one resource to gather and not many strategic or tactical decisions to make. If you play Player VS CPU (No multiplayer) you just build army's of spaceships that clashes in between your bases. If you manage to defeat or trick the enemy fleet and attacks the enemy mother ship it just goes into hyperspace and disappears to another part of the map. I suppose this is a game for those who like the single player campaign.
76561197976804807,Not Recommended,244160,15142431,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,[MFB] A0,A fair amount of time has passed and the game still isn't functional. I'd avoid this one until if/when they decide to fix it.
76561198020654154,Not Recommended,244160,14674506,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Tabuto,"If you have not played homeworld before it is a good game, epic for its time, and still relevent todayHowever if you have played the campaign, like i have, several times in the past you may not find this are enjoyablethe updated graphics are really also wasted on me.I didnt feel that game additional content had value of £27 and have regretted buying this gameAddition  After 30 mins more play timeBugs! Tactical map to stratergy mapNo Miltary Parade formationMoney grabbers"
,Not Recommended,244160,22596766,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Apex_xepA,"I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS GAME!!! IT IS ♥♥♥♥ING BROKEN!!!! FIX YOUR GOD DAMN GAME, IT WAS SO GOOD!!! NOT EVEN THE MODS CAN SAVE THIS ONE, HA THEY DON""T EVEN WORK!!!!"
76561198007786180,Not Recommended,244160,24543666,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,robar914,I have a new uptodate computer running a beautiful Gforce Nvidia card and I can't play any of the remastered games after paying to the bloody download.  Thanks Steam!
76561198011616950,Not Recommended,244160,19897811,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,erolins,Terrible game. Trial and error gameplay. Tedious and Dull.
,Not Recommended,244160,16312095,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Pavelow,"What a ""General Failure"" of a game...... Duh Dum tsssss....... -10/10"
76561198009428576,Recommended,244160,14832248,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Rayhaan,best game NA
,Not Recommended,244160,20565111,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Shiro Hayate,Started the game. Clicked single player. Almost fell asleep.
,Not Recommended,244160,24436635,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Phil Collins,"The original game was so much better. Now the things like mines are salvaging are pretty much usless and a waste to even try.  Graphics look better, but so what?"
76561198005182383,Not Recommended,244160,20227513,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,dadyrghluv69,"game doesnt work, rip off! getting a refund"
76561198007932028,Not Recommended,244160,20351839,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,mickt56,"At the moment I would not recomend this game to any body, due to having no sound during game play only on the main menu screen. And every time I leave the game the screen goes black and I can do nothing with my PC only switch it off. Digital sound track - no sound track."
76561198181559550,Recommended,244160,14655802,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,wyjg,"Perfect, and recommend.PS, it can run well on Windows 10 preview edition."
76561197993790751,Recommended,244160,14656410,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Wrecks,This is my favorite game series of all time! Its only gotten better I love this game! A must buy if you are a RTS fan!
,Recommended,244160,14652017,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Baron Von Babyeater,"I played the old Homeworld 2 and instantly fell in love, this new iteration is no exception. Everything from the graphics to the controls are crisp and wonderful to behold. I have played all sorts of RTS games from Age of Empires to Civ 5 to Star Wars Empire at War. However, this game keeps your attention better than any of them I feel. That constant fear of an attack from above or below, as the 3D plane allows, keeps you on your toes. There are always more layers to this game so that you will never get bored, and if you somehow do, it allows mods! Hardcore RTS players will enjoy the depth of strategy and casual players, like myself will also find this to be quite enjoyable. 10/10"
,Recommended,244160,14652143,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Austin,Fleet Command online.
76561198034411912,Recommended,244160,14653822,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Jux,"Some minor bugs with the modern hardware, but never the less, Awesome game! Ohh the memories!"
,Recommended,244160,14654100,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,RockLOBSTER!#OnlyFail,Absolutely awesome.
,Recommended,244160,14657698,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,ForestRock,Awesome port for an awesome game.
76561198104966646,Recommended,244160,14651273,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,PipBoyCarry,This game is beautiful. I definitely recommend it to veterans and new fans alike - it's one of the best games ever created and this remake is a must-try!
76561198138702925,Recommended,244160,14651480,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Assassin,Love it. Nice work.
76561198035672447,Recommended,244160,14651496,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Scar_Titan,"First glimpse, so very very happy.  Thank you Gearbox!"
,Recommended,244160,14652278,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Ben Hurley,"The Homeworld series was, and still is, a great series of games, made even better with the remastered editions. I have yet to come across a bug or glitch of any kind whilst playing a few skirmish games vs the AI.I cannot wait for the Star Wars, Star Trek, BSG and Complex mods to come out for the remastered editions!"
,Recommended,244160,14654131,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,JustSharkbait,"Amazing. Awesome. Buy it, buy it now."
76561198044026120,Recommended,244160,14656578,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,TieFighter_RAF,amazing!!!! buy it now!!!!
,Recommended,244160,14652764,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,hangmeister,One of my all time favorite game just got even better. Get it now! :D
76561198035692287,Recommended,244160,14655044,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,mbloodgod,this is ♥♥♥♥ing AMAZING !!!!!!!!
76561198088519734,Recommended,244160,14656260,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,junksmd,Awesome game I would highly recommend!
76561198049031884,Recommended,244160,14652856,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,danthewolf007,the GRAPHICS! are outstanding 5 stars
,Recommended,244160,14656979,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,www.pinkcupid.com/cooper_chavez,"Stunning. I’m new to this franchise, and learned about it during the PAX panel, but I instantly fell in love. My space fantasy’s mixed with combat, and strategy. It’s a Damn perfect game, but I would love to have seen a more open world to explore. 10/10"
,Recommended,244160,14657263,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,SpaceBuddy,AWESOME GAME.
76561198039919784,Recommended,244160,14655352,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,{CRUX} Joker,Trully Awesome to see this game again!!! runs like a dream!
76561198005487987,Recommended,244160,14652602,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Intsanius,"Not a good review, I know, but thank you, Gearbox, for making our dreams come true. This is absolutely perfect remaster, one of the few in these times! Thank you!"
,Recommended,244160,14657021,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Huami,seeing the mothership again for the first time in so many years - goosebumps and tears roll down my face ^^
,Recommended,244160,14656377,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Darkireland,Its homeworld v0v
76561198001711096,Recommended,244160,14657118,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,LordGodd,It's beautiful. Hurrah Gearbox!
,Recommended,244160,14651578,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Silencer,Excellent remastering of one of the greatest strategy games ever made.
,Recommended,244160,14654751,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Rheis Sivvi,"By the gods, this is amazing on so many levels.Some time ago, when Homeworld was first launched, I remember people commenting about it being a Masterpiece. I doubted, so I bought the game. I remember the last time I played the campaing, it was the 14th time I did it. Then, Homeworld 2 came. I played it so many times or more, not to mention the mods. Then the games disappeared. I was hoping that someday they would pop on Steam, but I was almost giving up.Until now.I think that there is no game that I've waited more than HW Remastered. When I heard that it was Gearbox who was remastering it, I was unsure of the quality of the work. Now I can die peacefully: the masterpiece is back. Remastered.A quick tech overview:-The graphics are amazing, but incredibly faithful to the original. The new models are so close to the original ones that they can fulfill their purpose: be what our ""mind's eye"" saw when we first played it. New effects, revamped textures and lightning only add to the nearly divine aspect of the game.-The music... when I first heard the choir, I cried like a baby, Ultra high quality true to the modern-day standards. And the subtitles. If you like them, they are there with a charisma of their own.-The gameplay... I played the tutorial to see if I was rusty. I was. But the controls did not change much. The UI is clean, with a deep degree of fidelity to HW2's UI. Smart move, as some are saying.Veredict:Masterpiece.11/10, worth every cent.PS: If any of you are wondering, they did not include the original pdf files in the package. I managed to find the Historical Briefing, you can find it here:http://www.homeworldaccess.net/downloads/hw1docs/HistoricalandTechnicalBriefing.pdfUpdate - 10/27/2015They have fixed a lot of errors, and it seems they're still working on it. Formations will not work as they did in HW1, but that's because the games were created based on the HW2 engine (which do not have the same formations). It is true that they add a deeper layer of strategy to the game, but their absence is not catastrophic, but rather a matter of re-learning the game.Still recommended."
76561198007335471,Recommended,244160,19352068,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Lone _ Ninja,only two wordsIT'S EPIC!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198136327875,Recommended,244160,14835197,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Techenstein,It's glorious.10/10
,Recommended,244160,28318334,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,fongun,A and B are mutually exclusiveA) You haven't played Homeworld 2B) You call yourself a gamer
76561197976639410,Not Recommended,244160,14666026,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Lordtyp0,One of my all time favorite games got revamped! And.. infested with bugs. WTF? Doesn't anyone pay for a quality control team anymore?
76561197972317646,Not Recommended,244160,14662354,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,lee.nader,This re-release is stunningly beautiful. But it reminds me of why I never finsihed Homeworld 2 in the first place. The Unit AI is vastly inferior to that in the original Homeworld. Units can't be counted on to deal with threats that enter their sphere of influence like they did in the original. And no micro-mamagement will allow you to save units like you could in the original.A difficulty setting would be nice as well.
76561198015006267,Not Recommended,244160,14662106,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,birketoft,Difficult to play as I have continious crashe from this game..
76561197970731637,Not Recommended,244160,33988201,Posted: 3 August,all,internet,"Mission 3 in HW1 Remastered: defend the cryo pods.Enemy ships spawn during the beginning cut-scene, and the pods get destroyed 2 seconds after it ends. I don't even have the time to select all my ships, not to mention issue orders. Mission failed.Not recomended."
76561198036215004,Not Recommended,244160,14670437,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,NapAdvocacy,These games have forced mouse accerlation and no way to change mouse sensitivity. Anyone who played the original games knows how important precise mouse control is. It's enraging and unplayable. The graphics are a slight improvement over the original. Otherwise don't waste your money. Not surprised to see Gearbox continuing to live up to its horrid reputation.
,Not Recommended,244160,23499313,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,∂єα∂ℓσ¢к,"I played all the original games and they were great. The remastered version is very buggy, not challenging in any way. There is no even difficuly setting. I finished like 5 missions, which is 1/3 of Homeworld 1 game, like in 3 hours.After the lastest 5.2 gigabyte patch I can't even install subsequet updates or reinstall game.I can't recommend this game at this state. Originals were a way better. Did I mention that things like formations and tutorial is completely broken in remastered version? Good job Gearbox, good job... ::steamfacepalm::http://s33.postimg.org/pqoh8uuov/homeworld.pngAlso this game was completely abbandoned by developers for like a half of a year since they focused all they effors on new game they were making, Homeworld: Deserts of Kharak.I feal cheated by Gearbox, so they just could grab my money and abbandon this game. Fortunenly, I bought it on sale so that was not much.I think it's the last remastered version of the game that I ever bought."
,Not Recommended,244160,16644278,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Religion is retarded,"I really wish I could like this game more but the Multi Player is REALLY awful and after almost haft a year GearBox haven't improved it. Don't buy the game for the Multi Player, because it just doesn't work right at the moment."
,Not Recommended,244160,14670532,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Spooky Scarington,Classic has explosions so beautiful I CTD
,Not Recommended,244160,29793884,Posted: 8 February,all,j4com3,Fix it!!! C'mon...i'm♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥maybe when i'm able to play it ill review it.
76561198122485132,Not Recommended,244160,23996319,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,HarleyK11,Always heard I would love these games as a strategy game fan but just couldn't get into it. I can see how if I played them back when they first came out they would probably blow me away but not with the kind of games you can play today.
,Not Recommended,244160,14665833,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,wroter,"I have tried everything I can think of, and I can't access the LUAs. They used to be easily located in the game files back when this game came on a round flat object in a case, can't quite recall what we called them, but now they're hidden away somewhere seemingly in another dimension being stroked protectively by Randy's clammy hands.Please make it easier to edit the files in your game, when it's broken enough as it is. At least give me the ability to fix your game for you.Also, multiplayer beta, not a sign of life. No games."
,Not Recommended,244160,16509361,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,cannonfodder,A bit of a ripoff.  Played through for a couple of days only to get to the last mission and have the mothership quickly destroyed.  If I had payed what this thing originally cost I would be furious.  Now I just feel mildly ripped off.  If it gets down to $1.99 go for it but until then just wait.  Not much more than gravel here.
,Recommended,244160,14653910,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,ranXerox,Just like I remember the original but with better graphics.  runs fine on gtx 970 4gb gards...sli
,Not Recommended,244160,15771690,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,CampariGin,"full of game breaking bugs, no mods yet"
76561198042378584,Recommended,244160,14661572,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,The Romanian Reaver,"It's Homeworld 1 and 2 with allot of new paint (especially the former) so I will just state the good bits and bad (mostly linked to HW1).Good bits:Salvage vettes work just as well as they always have... possibly a bit too well(I nicked every single corvette the Turanic Raiders threw at me... if the Standard Corvettes could salvage, neither they nor the missile vettes can use their special abilities, I'd be set for life but as is I gotta keep a 12-16 strong wing of ""nice ship you have there...shame if someone were to.... enlighten you of it"".Even on medium settings the game looks magnificent, both cutscenes and regular play, and the gameplay of Homeworld 1 is fully intact.Not much else to say, it does everything right almost.Nitpicks:1. My biggest problem with Remastered is that in Homeworld 1 you can no longer choose to play as either Kushan or Taiidani nor can you alter the paint scheme. The former can be excused, with ample applications of salvette, but the latter is a bit aggravating as a veteran of the original.2. The cutscenes, both between missions and in-game, in Homeworld 1 seem a bit faster than the original versions... it's nitpicky but it kind of feels off to me slightly.3. The streamlining of Homeworld 1 in terms of screens (no more separate build or research screeen from the normal one) though welcomed in certain regards also makes it a bit painful to macromanage everything. In the original the gameplay would pause when you were in the other two screens ergo it is a bit missed somewhat."
,Not Recommended,244160,28089676,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,King Kang Kong,lol if i try to click anywhere on the launcher it crashes...gg.
,Not Recommended,244160,20081901,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,philcommon,"I LOVED Homeworld2 when it first came out. I played ot for hundreds of hours and never got tired of it. The graphics were some of the best I'd ever seen at the time on a Mac.Now, in this 'remastered' version. the graphics performance is terrible.I'm still on Mac but now I have double the VRAM, 16 times the RAM and have moved two generations of chipsets up. The graphics aren't even close to the original performance. THere is no ability to change resolutions so what used to be tight, sharp graphics are large clunky things.I would rate this as unplayable on Mac at this time.That being said, I'd be happy to hear how others may have had different experiences."
76561197972570448,Not Recommended,244160,14674733,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,carlosm,"Recommended system requirements: ""Graphics: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 560""Having a GT 650M I cannot play it since my graphic card apparently does not support OpenGL3.3.Today I learned this, costed me €31.Edit: For some reason, the newer nvidia drivers for my chipset do not support OpenGL3.3, but I found an old version (320.00-notebook-win8-win7-64bit-international-beta.exe) which does and the game runs fine with it."
,Not Recommended,244160,33823003,Posted: 26 July,all,"Salchicha, the Revelator",retard unit cap
76561198140270795,Not Recommended,244160,19954841,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,HomosexuWhale,THIS GAME SUCKS FREAKING♥♥♥♥♥!! WHEN I PAY MONEY FOR A GAME I SHOULDNT  HAVE TO SEARCH THE WEB FOR THIRTY MINUTES TO ♥♥♥♥ING FIND A FIX FOR THE START UP CRASH. DONT BUY THIS PILE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,244160,20063766,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Hudscn,felt very slow for me
,Not Recommended,244160,20030834,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Frosty,Currently broken
76561198022665307,Not Recommended,244160,22073521,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,phoenix14,"Homeworld is not a bad RTS it's just very overrated. Homeworld was a little before I got into RTS's so I had never played it. But everytime I ever asked my friends what they thought was the best RTS of all time, Homeworld always made someones top or atleast top 3. They would go on and on as to why it was such a great RTS and why todays RTS's will never be as good. So when Homeworld remastered came out I jumped at the chance to check out what all the excitment was about. After playing for a while I found my self very underwhelmed and disappointed. Maybe it was because my expectations were unrealistic but nothing was what I had expected. The game had some interesting RST elements but the combat was extremely slow and this is coming from someone who enjoyed the Civilizations and Total War games. The story the worst disappointment of all. I have no idea why so many people say the story was good, the game barely even had one.  All of that being said it's still not a bad RTS my pros and cons below with my personal rating at the end.Pros:Interested rst elementsGreat sound trackLots of strategydecent graphicsdecent UICons:Awful storyExtremely slow-pacedrobotic voice actinguninteresting combat6.5 out of 10 While not bad, the game has extremely slow paced combat that few would enjoy."
,Recommended,244160,14840970,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Rismik,Just freaking EPIC!
76561198006967152,Not Recommended,244160,17164323,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Überguy,"Absolute mess, don't buy it, only crashes even though my computer are fully capable to run it."
,Not Recommended,244160,19952233,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,JaKa semtime,the game does not start YOU ARE IDIOTS ? this is not the first impression I want when I buy a game
,Not Recommended,244160,30544895,Posted: 16 March,all,Grief Erickson,Game doesn't even launch. No fix available for windows 10.Worked great on 7 though.
,Recommended,244160,14654311,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,rgreat,Excellent game.
76561197999750986,Not Recommended,244160,22726176,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,DaveR,"This game seems like it has a lot of potential, but the controls are extremely difficult to deal with.  Unless you're willing to spend many hours familiarizing yourself with all the hotkeys it's pretty tough to keep track of your units and what they're doing."
76561198093906239,Not Recommended,244160,14658001,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,benskelley,"hw1 remastered is a polished turd. it plays like a bad hw2 classic modformations are completely uselessdrag box slavaging is goneresourcers constantly stop harvesting for no reasoncorvettes flight scripting has rendered them mostly uselessaggressive/neutral/evasive is gone""advanced"" UI is a step down from hw2 classicit's aliens colonial marines all over aginits a glossed up hollow shell of my favorite gameif you've played the original, you'll be disappointed"
76561198007301124,Recommended,244160,14651070,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Decimir,Click OK to continue
76561198336968624,Not Recommended,244160,33924381,Posted: 31 July,all,ReconSloth25,"really not happy with this game i it will not start no matter what i try and do, my PC is a beast and can run anything, but apparently not in this case. The game looks really good and the bits i played when round friends are great fun however if you were to get the problems i have had then i would say dont even bother cause spending 2 full days trying to get it to work is obivouly a waste of time."
76561198299489632,Not Recommended,244160,30421440,Posted: 9 March,all,justinkeever44,im not sure why this game will not launch. it will say game running and shows a stop to it. Ihave uninstall and re-install many times.
76561198014831460,Recommended,244160,14651049,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,bess.lex,Oh my .. It has returned!In the name of Human Empire we demand the third part of this epicness!If you dont know what it is you better not ask stupid questions!
76561198088545080,Not Recommended,244160,25582848,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,sondutzac,"Launcher doesn't work and couldnt find a fix anywhere. Wanted to play it but it just wouldnt work. If you buy, make sure it will work for your system or you are wasting your money."
,Not Recommended,244160,24399922,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,The Carton,"I played the entire first game and a large chunk of the second one and I simply don't understand it. I consider myself a strategy game nerd, but my only major difficulty in playing these games was getting my spaceships to fly how I wanted them to. The enemy never put pressure on me, and I felt no need to keep them on the defensive or have any other strategic consideration whatsoever. My resources weren't scarce at all, and I selected the default difficulty. I cannot be bothered to replay these lessons in boredom on another difficulty level. The ships all functioned roughly the same, with the exception of the carrier.Amazing tedium compounded by a pace of storyline and action that can only be described as brooding."
,Not Recommended,244160,28817679,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,jmomo,"Good news: The graphics look great. Unfortunately they forgot to make the game fun.They hired some bottom-of-the-barrel unemployed mobile game devs to go and forget 20 years of user interface design and make all new mistakes while solving problems that didn't exist.All of the combat feeling that made Catacylsm fun is gone and they went all-in on the un-fun that was Homeworld 2. Combat feels slow. Simply moving a unit requires two clicks, because ""Are you sure you want to do that?"".There is no use in detailing all the tiny things they got wrong. They just shipped an unfinished re-publishing of an old game because things got hard and dumb mobile devs can't fix bugs because they don't understand the basics of user interface design."
76561197999962036,Not Recommended,244160,16257089,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Vern,Game uses somthing called open GL never seen this before in the 200 other games i own. my system is a nice system but for some reason my video card don't like open GL either. so be weary even when you meet all the max req for play .will update this in a year when i need to replace my video card maybe then i can open the game and give it a try.2/10tip to any devs making games don't use crappy barley used video req.also not sure why the non remaster versions also require the same lvl of open GL as the remaster .save your money or spend it on a newer game that you will know for sure you can play
76561197967942268,Not Recommended,244160,21872012,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,w00ty,wanted to like it. played the orig versions countless hours.guess i 'moved on' with my life and shtty titles like this.. too little too late. sorry.
76561197970655356,Recommended,244160,14654448,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Lex_The_Impaler,Amazeballs
76561197976117314,Not Recommended,244160,14660861,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,dssouleater,"Well this isnt a positive as it would appear homeworld 1 fans stay clear of multiplay as its just a homeworld 2 clone with homeworld 1 ships... and none of the original mechanics or interface ,seems another case of why did i preorder this? im let down by the choice to make it shiny but all hw2 with added bits from hw1 for multiplayer and not  the gameplay mechanics or interface that was so fun oh and it seems to take ages to load into games , good effort but 3/10  hw1 and 2  multiplay should be seperate and with their old but good interefaces gameplay and mechanics let us choose which game to play the gfx are excellent though !"
76561197981128912,Not Recommended,244160,14655576,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,FolkoDemon,"As it is now I HATE it.Sorry, but where is splendid fighter micro from oryginal series? Now formations are only for looks before combat, when fighting starts they're gone. Sphere formation - basics for defending is gone.Silly bugs that could be avoided if someone played a game. Example? You press B key for build menu. Easy eh? But you can't close it with B when you're done with it. Suprisingly it works with Research menu (R), and doesn't work again for Launch menu (L). And there is more.Another example. Mission (i think) 4, u can capture 3 destroyers. When you do, 1 gets to keep oryginal imperial paintjob, other 2 r recoloured as kushan. Not nuff testing, rushed game.Edit: It's mission 9 and now all 3 r painted Kushan :D It's like back in school, when you don't look someone will paint♥♥♥♥♥♥♥on your stuff :DDozens of these.Also game treats u like a moron, giving you unfair advantage against cpu, adjusting damage or armor according to some sort of learning curve? Dunno yet. Self healing is crazy.I had these 2 destroyers firing at each other for 10 minuts.I mean 10 bloody minutes!2 destroyers! And they can't die!Missiles suck too, before they ripped fighters apart. Now they r shiney.BolloxI mean there r improvements, but I also think that it's not HW anymore. And also - it's NOT FINISHED. Why didn't you offer an open beta? or closed beta? Why not hear from community?Well there is one obvious answer - community would not approve some of concepts Gearbox made, and I think they knew that.And if you think patches, opinions will make this game better. They will not - ofc silly bugs will be fixed, like the ones I mentioned above. But game concept was decided before programmers started coding, and things that made oryginal HW - HW are simply gone. Now it's... pimped HW2 pretending to be something it isn't.Oh, also sound sucks too. There are no more emotions there :("
76561198021444245,Not Recommended,244160,14663719,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Dr Zebra,The game in its current state does not work for me having tried all the fixes suggested.
,Not Recommended,244160,30264651,Posted: 1 March,all,pMTG,"The remastered version of HW I simply does not work like it used to. I had SUCH high hopes for this game but it's just bland like every other 4x game. All the crucial things, that made HW I a legend are missing - worst of all - no ballistic projectiles.Sure, it does look great, but that does not justify this screw-up. Please make a re-remastered version, that is true to the original."
76561198035643084,Recommended,244160,14666339,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Jr786,"One of Sierra's best 3D RTS from 1999 has returned to PCs Everywhere: Homeworld. Now Bigger, Better & Remastered in HD, Homeworld Remastered is still the best game there is. Complete with Homeworld 1-2 both HD Remastered & Classic Versions in one Game. In addition, a Homeworld Remastered Steam Multiplayer Version has been added for Online Play for Newer Computers.I would Really want to see Gearbox & Rockstar Recreate & Recover the Source Code for Homeworld Cataclysm, so it can be Remastered in HD and be Rereleased along with its Classic Counterpart & Join the Homeworld Remastered Collection as DLC."
76561198122245892,Not Recommended,244160,30283242,Posted: 2 March,all,Paracelse Alchemist,"Bad support , no update , buggy game"
76561197970235258,Not Recommended,244160,28683751,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,lhomme,"I played the original and was excited for this game, but it's such a painful one to play now - you spend 90% of your time waiting on build queues, or long mining runs, or generally waiting on your ships to fly around the map. The game also has an annoying way of throwing curveballs that make you have to go back to earlier saves and start all over again (all fighter enemies, instant surpirse conversion of all of your capital ships, etc). Uninstalled it pretty quickly."
76561198074121846,Not Recommended,244160,19400566,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Warspite,"Hi,  please don't waste your time buying anything from steam because if something goes wrong (specially with your steam customer support account) there is no way to communicate with steam,  not even by phone.    So i will not be purchassing anything more from this idiotic company."
,Recommended,244160,14650749,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Great Canadian HEINZKetchup Cake,Its so beautiful!
,Not Recommended,244160,19738860,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Nightmare hacker 11387,"i can't believe people are still talking about this. how did people ignore the fact that this is suppose to be a Battlestar Galactica game? granted it does retell nicely from the original BSG, but in the end, its a colossial dissapointment for me. first the positives, The Graphics are amazing (both the original and the remasted version), the ship designs are awesome (particularly the Taiidan, the Hiigarans and the Vaygr), the gameplay is addicting and the soundtrack fanfreakingtastic! the mods are wonderful for both classic HW2 and HWR, two of my faves are Cataclysm Remasted and Brickspace (though as of now, CR is still in dev and wished it would have been the official sequel to the first homeworld). but the voice acting's so bad they all sound like robots, intentional or not (with the exception of the late Cambell Lane as both the Bentusi and the Narrator), and the pacing is about as well as a snail on molasses. and what's worse is that its official sequel while technically better then the first one, its storywise worse, with lots of cliches, plot holes etc as far as i checked. and even more worse is that a prequel(/Sequel) will come out next month that takes place before and after HW2? What? NO!! don't make both a prequel and a sequel at once, it makes no sense!! at least with a remake/sequel it starts off like the same, but eventually follows up afterwards like in Evil dead II. here, this is just dumb! why did you let Gearbox by your IP, Blackbird?! i recommand it just for the gameplay, visuals, music and mods alone. otherwise i will never recommand it just for the story alone."
76561198005412893,Not Recommended,244160,25986322,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Hailo,"A awesome games that i have spend so much time on, in their older forms.But i cant recorment this remastered version with the spec my computer has currently, a mixture of openGL and ""GeForce GTX 570"" equal constant crashing game...´"
76561198013971147,Not Recommended,244160,14657998,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Kale77,"Love Homeworld, me not recommending the game is not a reflection of it, but on the state of its release.Gearbox, did you even test this before release? There are bugs that are there simply by playing normally, nothing that needs to be found by a variety of circumstances happening all at once that would be easily missed until in the hands of many. I know I'll probably be ignored or downvoted, whatever. You know I'm right, this game is bug ridden all to hell. Tutorial continues without hitting""OK"", ships getting stuck on objects, scripting failing to initiate, formations breaking up in HW1, sound glitches, UI problems.Dont' support this release, it's blatantly obvious Gearbox did not adequately playtest this, probably because they knew it'd sell bucketloads anyway. I'd say wait a month or two to see if Gearbox stands by their product that they proclaim so much to admire and patches this to what it should've been on release.Shame."
,Recommended,244160,14651119,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Bloodnor,No problemsMy triangles  shot at some baddy circles in 4k10/10 will be playing again and agian
,Not Recommended,244160,14662203,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Lard,"crashes on start up/10♥♥♥♥ you, gearbox.update: 3/6/15still crashing on start up/10♥♥♥♥ you, gearbox."
76561198079444966,Not Recommended,244160,29414078,Posted: 21 January,all,the alien,mods like homefront and warlord dont work any more
76561197960848208,Not Recommended,244160,25577889,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Slayera,pure mess to control anything
76561198036200894,Not Recommended,244160,24623966,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,FasterThanLight,"Oh great, a new homeworld game with updated graphics! Gimme! This is seriously great. A remake with nothing changed except the graphics... well, some voice actors too but the original voices were easily restored by a mod. Just as i remembered it! Wait. What's that? A patch that changes the entire game balance and makes my strategies dating back 12 years no longer viable? STAPH... aaaaand its too late, this is no longer the game i paid for."
,Not Recommended,244160,14662341,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Chosin137,"(WARNING EARLY ACCESS) GAME IS NOT DONE. Crashes with latest nvidia drivers on Homeworld 1 Remastered  in between each mission on loading screen. Crashes to desktop when salvaging ships. Crashes to desktop when adjusting settings. Crashes to desktop when the overlay is activated. Crashes on Mission 4. Crashes on Mission 5. Crashes on Mission 10. Crashes on Mission 14. Should be labeled ""Early Acess"". Support Frigates are broken. Formations are broken. There now you have a better review you trolls."
76561198249488578,Not Recommended,244160,34827489,Posted: 8 September,all,joshuapinter,"DO NOT PURCHASE THIS GAME TO PLAY ON A MAC!This game crashes immediately after launching and there's no fix for it.I'm running a 2016 MacBook Pro 15"" with macOS Sierra.I asked for a refund from Steam but they said no because it was longer than 2 weeks, even though I have not played the game for a single second.Please save yourself the money and hassle. And, I personally, will not be purchasing any more games through Steam. Terrible customer service."
76561198040873328,Recommended,244160,34099071,Posted: 8 August,all,Denneledoe,MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS
76561198135870570,Not Recommended,244160,33550096,Posted: 14 July,all,ZapperDJXD,Couldn't play anything(except the tutorial) without it crashing everytime.
,Not Recommended,244160,31250431,Posted: 19 April,all,zetapulse,"It's very unfortunate that the gameplay of Homeworld 1 was butchered like this. Pretty graphics do not make up for losing the immersion of being a tactical-commander & ordering wings to attack in formation  aggressively or evasively. Nor does it make up for the eye-candy of following the action with your camera and watching ballistically-realistic shots hit enemies and miss your ships. The many ways this faux remaster has screwed with the game leaves me bitter.Even so, it's hard not to recommend this game, especially for people who haven't played it & refuse to touch the original with its dated graphics. Yet I still do not recommend you advocate such soulless practices.Video games are unregulated for the most part. Player, it is your voice & actions that regulates what the industry should & shouldn't do. Think before you buy."
76561197992805753,Not Recommended,244160,23447589,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Echos,"Currently i have been unable to get the game to launch successfully on my gaming rig it cant load homeworlds 1 or 2 at all and when i load the remastered versions it makes it to the menu and then crashes when i try to load into a match of any kind. Mods are really want kept this game alive, its story was good for its time but the platform the game brought for modders was great.But most the mods that are ""finished"" are still only for the orginal versions, which unfortunatly for me will not load at all. So i cant even enjoy those, and i have tried everything i cant think of to get it to launch from forums and the like to game launch settings. This problem with it failing to load seems to be limited to my newest gaming computer and my laptop. Only computer in the house is a 12 your old machine that barely runs and grinds down to a crawl when it tries to play the game on the lowest settings.When they figure out a way to get the game to launch reliably, also not crash on a loading screen, patch it, and when some of the old mods have been brought up to the remastered version it will be well worth the purchase but not before.Buyer beware the game might not work on your newer rigs reliably."
76561197993725298,Not Recommended,244160,25849693,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,NSPlayer,"Controls take a lot of getting used to, would help if they were at all similar to other RTSes, but they're quite different. Story and dialog are meh. Worse, the damn narrator keeps interrupting everything you're doing with every campaign update.Worth it for a bit of homeworld nostalgia I guess."
,Not Recommended,244160,33543589,Posted: 14 July,all,IAmNoob,Game crashes at the tutorial.
76561198118145990,Not Recommended,244160,30085253,Posted: 21 February,all,cheifliam,"I would of like to of played this game but i couldn't because it for some reason does not want to work. I have found that for some reason it does not work with my computer so I went on my over computer but that did not work as well. I have wasted £25 on this game now. I have tryed everything but is does not work. I want my money back steam, And i want it NOW!!"
76561197977267103,Recommended,244160,31404882,Posted: 27 April,all,Conspiracy Theory,"Hey: Game Coder/zIn VERBAL Instructions/Training......`Left click` is `Right click`, and `Right-click` is `Left click` to us 10+% of the gaming population who have reversed mouse buttons.The mouse buttons were named`PRIMARY MOUSE BUTTON`&`SECONDARY MOUSE BUTTON`by  Microsoft, some 17+ years ago.You may have heared of Microsoft.I guess you call `Windows` `Doors`, so simpletons can find out where they are.Hate to give a thumbs up to a game that is annoying like hundreds of others as soon as you boot it up and go to a training mission.Right-handed people would not take such s ♥♥♥♥ t so calmly if the boot was on the other foot.."
76561198214279831,Not Recommended,244160,35433456,Posted: 2 October,all,BlackShao,Old game with newer graphic. Still not fun
,Recommended,244160,14695898,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Dr.Larry,"Really enjoyed the remastered versions but it's clear the better in terms of gameplay is in Homeworld 2 Remastered. This is where it's at, this is where most of the fun and enjoyment from Remastered comes from: Homeworld 2 Remastered.The game looks really nice and on par with just about any RTS out there in terms of beautiful graphics plus the requirements are very low all considered. There are bugs but not any game breaking bugs. For some reason Homeworld 2 Classic won't run for me at all but everything else will... Still, should be fixed next patch it hopefully.Multiplayer is a lot of fun allowing you to host either Homeworld 1 Deathmatch rules, Homeworld 2 Deathmatch or Homeworld Remastered rules with a lot of match options in size of the map, resources, relic spawns, etc. It is in beta and extremely buggy with a lot of crashes when loading matches at the moment but this seems to be tied with mods available on STEAMWorkshop that effect multiplayer. This will hopefully be more stable when patched.Definitely worth the price. Game looks amazing, runs really well and you get the original games(You can't get them anywhere else at the moment) plus the two remastered versions and a unified multiplayer client. Well worth every single penny."
,Not Recommended,244160,33443955,Posted: 10 July,all,Kancer Kazoo,"Can't get the remastered versions to launch, I just get an access vilolation. May change this review if I can ever play the game.Edit: Well after uninstalling the game, clearing out all registry keys and uninstalling and reinstalling every vc++ redistributable it works. Good game, bad install."
,Recommended,244160,14650767,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,ChickenWing,It's so pretty :D
76561198072627035,Not Recommended,244160,16571663,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,mason531,dont download this it just create a trojan gen 2
76561198078597496,Not Recommended,244160,14662603,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,ovsov1982,WTF? A Beta?
,Not Recommended,244160,21512550,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,ϟϟOps23234ϟϟ,My thoughts about Homeworld ░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀░▄HomeWorld▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░Jk the game is good just wanted to enclude this
,Recommended,244160,14650663,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Tigerfeet,Definately a would-buy
,Not Recommended,244160,25771722,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Artfunkel,"Playing Homeworld is a great way to switch off and indulge in an evening of forgettable relaxation. The colourful space vistas, twisting neon engine trails, and soft explosions all come together to create a dreamy feel – which is just as well given how soporific the gameplay is.Like other space RTS games, Homeworld removes the genre staple of terrain but provides nothing to replace it. Your activities will be managing bog standard rock/paper/scissors unit counters while gathering a single resource type. 3D movement is one of the USPs but it adds very little: in the vacuum it's just a slightly more fiddly movement direction, albeit one which grants your ships an arbitrary damage bonus to targets above or below their own plane.The most you'll need to think about 3D movement is when positioning capital ships, most of which can only fire in front of them and all of which turn slowly. Unfortunately you can't explicitly set ship facing, making planning ahead a challenge, and during combat capital ships can veer off-target if their pathfinding AI decides that it needs to steer around an obstacle. With capital ship battles often decided by the direction in which each ship is pointing, this easily becomes a pain point.Otherwise ships can either fire in all directions or turn quickly enough that their current facing doesn't matter. There is no apparent bonus for hitting ships from the rear unless you are specifically trying to disable their engines, a niche activity given how slowly ships large enough to have targetable sub-systems move. There really is vanishingly little else to discuss at a high level.The automatic difficulty scaling of the campaign, in which the number of enemy opponents changes depending on how many ships you carry over from the previous mission, was ahead of its time. Unfortunately the AI will simply clump all its ships of the same type together and order them about as one unit, which actually makes the campaigneasieras it progresses due to the slower response times required by larger battles. You'll coast through the campaigns until their final missions, which both spike difficulty up to the same obscene level. They are disasters and I would suggest just watching the closing cut-scenes online instead of bothering with either.I paid £9 for the game when it was on sale and am not unhappy with that. But I cannot recommend it for £27 nearly two years after release.(I didn't play online, but I hear that it's dead.)"
76561198039854183,Not Recommended,244160,14658807,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Mynock42,"I have been a big fan of the Homeworld games for a long time.Sadly, both of the remastered games crash on start up. This seems to be a problem suffered by many and shows that Gearbox should have tested their product before release.Other negative reviews point out gameplay issues (namely that formations dont work anymore for HW1) but I cannot even get that far.I hope that Gearbox can patch this quickly to make the game what it should have been on release."
76561198007185762,Not Recommended,244160,31723654,Posted: 13 May,all,brandy1964,It's very simple to review this Game.One Question for a remastered Game: Does it work like the origininal game? (in this case especially HW1)Answer: Even with the latest patch the answer is NO.Conclusion for me: Uninstall and never look back.
76561198122508786,Not Recommended,244160,31651999,Posted: 9 May,all,Ornery Lurker,"Who the hell thought the unit scaling was a good idea? You know all those epic little set peices the developers painstakingly set up the first time around? You know, yeah, those immortalized moments in gaming that have stuck with people their whole lives? Yeah,...Ruined.Those were carefully balanced so that a giant ♥♥♥♥ off swarm of missile frigates didn't sweep in and completely annihilate everything on the map before you even got the first mission objecive.No.There are no redeeming features to this."
76561198046289537,Recommended,244160,14650640,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Lazar Dimov,The best games ever!!! I have these games since the begining (1999). 11/10 is my score for the games.I downloaded the game with speed of 10.4MB/s (party)
,Not Recommended,244160,14660772,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Nonsupermario,"I can NOT play the ""Single Player Game""of Homeworld Remastered.  Everytime I click that button, the game crashes!"
76561198060386906,Not Recommended,244160,14659303,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,parsonsjames1000,it will not run on my allienware  every other game will perfectly so obviousely something is wrong and cannot get any support
76561198063446473,Not Recommended,244160,14655954,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,simjanes2k,Love the Homeworld series!  One of my favorites growing up.  This is a great dose of nostalgia.It's too bad it's buggy as all get out.  Can't play through the HW1 campaign and HW2 crashes on launch.  Wait for patches.
,Not Recommended,244160,26062427,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,coljala,"Campaign is broken.  Didn't find that out til after the 2 hour refundable mark. :(Bought it for the story and campaign, not the same-every-match skirmishes in wide open maps.No way to get my money's worth, no way to get it back."
,Not Recommended,244160,31192778,Posted: 16 April,all,Blitz,"I am baffled to say the least. The game(s), upon startup of a level/mission/game/etc... freezes and crashes after merely a few seconds, IF I can get into a game at all. See that 24 minutes I spent in this game? Only 2 of those were me actually doing something, the rest was me starting up the game, only to have it crash at the title screen, or not even make it there, but only to the Gearbox logo or somewhere between. This was an absoulute waste of 34.99$, and I'm happily going to point you away from this ""game,"" or more so, ""Crashing Simulator,"""
76561198087556105,Not Recommended,244160,14655427,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,ddoze,"Don't buy this if you are looking for the original Homeworld with updated graphics.  This is a glorified Homeworld 2 mod.  All the mechanics and controls that made the original such a joy to play are gone.  There is a copy of the true original game in the package and it appears to be stable, but you are severely limited in options for resolution.Disappointed.  The HW1 remaster was a hack job."
,Recommended,244160,14650828,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,DinHerio,<3
76561198125233203,Not Recommended,244160,14657772,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,anderscottmn,"I cant begin to tell you how dissapointed I am, I have waited 10 years for this game.I got to the 3rd level and have played it 10 times and cant even get close to win it, it is so unbelievably hard and there are 30 levels.Secondly i found it impossible to get online steam and gearbox have absolutly no customer service. You just get run in circles"
76561198064551415,Not Recommended,244160,14655126,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Izin Mystra,"Crash review. . .Now i've done both HW 1&2 campaings long before this remaster came out... and i've done a few missions in HW1 remastered.. so let me warn you in advance:1) Salvage corvettes now need to be micro-managed... old game you can grab and bunch and do salvage-select and they do their thing. . . in this remastered.... NOPE! there is no salvage-selection box.. and now you have need to select the amount you need per ship.. and then select the ship you want... and this gets annoying when 7 Ion Array Frigates appear.2) Repair corvettes now wander around attacking.. sure they have a lil mini-gun but ffs stay still till told what to do!3) The cryo trays... ok... we went over the salvage corvette &*(*&-up... oh yeah! they CANNOT BE REPAIRED WITH REPAIR CORVETTE. k? Old HW, you can...4) Resaurce collectors... they beach themselves now and then on roids (ah what?)5) Docks!! OMFG! there's no stacking like xScouts or xSalvage.. no... imagine an inventory with every 'stackable' item are laid down in stacks of 1.. then populated as they dock... so you'll have Scout, inty, scout, repair, inty.. ect.  THIS IS A MAJOR ISSUE, I cannot use 'Stay Docked' i cannot select the ships i need in-time since they appear so 'hickledy pickledy'!6) Last mision I just failed (just after coming back to Karak) the Raider carrier moved upwards.. and off the map... so ships couldn't get to it.. thus.. fail... (lolwhat?)Oh dear. . ."
,Recommended,244160,14650789,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,xyznvaser,"First! Will update this after I'm done drooling all over it.All right, I've done a quick match and quickly destroyed my AI opponent. I'm a HW1/HW2 vet and I first played Homeworld in '99, so here's my input:Pros:-I like how the controls feel like Homeworld 2, most of the shortcuts are the same even though the UI is redesigned. The HW1 interface was terribad in comparison, I'm glad the devs went with the new version.-So many pretty things, and yet it runs quite smooth on my laptop. Kudos for good optimization.Cons:-Scuttling is too easy to do, there should be somekind of confirmation in case I press the wrong button.-I found the UI too small to be honest, the difference between size 1 and 2 is too big (size 1 being miniature and size 2 being gigantic for my 1600x900 resolution), it'd be quite essential to be able to tell what's going on. The selected unit icons are essential in managing strikecraft.-The asteroids are too hard to see on the tactical screen, they are an important strategy element and I'd like to see them better.-At first I was disappointed that I couldn't launch the multiplayer and the two campaigns from the same ingame menu, but then I realized it's probably that way to save loading times (perhaps, maybe the devs were just lazy).-The multiplayer obviously needs some improvement, but it's in beta which gives me hope the devs will actively work on it. Perhaps balance things as time goes on? That'd be sweet.-The chat. Come on, the messed up keyboard layout is a HW2 bug, at least try to fix it.All in all, worth every penny so far."
76561197965675266,Not Recommended,244160,31736641,Posted: 13 May,all,Forkrul Assail,"A bit too scripted and one dimensional for my liking.  Maybe i should have twigged that from the game description, but i didn't, so I'm just not interested enough to keep playing."
76561198079556159,Not Recommended,244160,34051868,Posted: 5 August,all,durhams,have slow internet took almost a day to download try to play and game wont launch. go through there forum and help page follow all intruction for troubleshooting even deleting and downloading again still wont launch emailed customer support no reply only referral to steps ive already take they are absoulute garbage
76561198344266392,Not Recommended,244160,30094802,Posted: 21 February,all,Head Shot™,"BAD GAME, it doesnt work at all with latest Windows 10 with Nvidia 940MX which is one of the latest gaming specs !LAME, i want a REFUND plz !"
,Recommended,244160,14650927,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,MADGulliver,"The times prophecy is it hands, The end times is be gone, This is your destiny ."
,Not Recommended,244160,14660598,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Kael,"Just not my cup of tea. I'm an rts player but of man... I can't handle how slow this is... I've grown up playing Starcraft, Warcraft, Red Alert, Tiberian Sun, Age of Empires... This game... I can't. I love the story line, but ffs I need a x2, or x3 speed on it."
,Not Recommended,244160,29240463,Posted: 13 January,all,Firecage,Feel like I wasted money on this one... confusing to play and almost impossible to get out of the gates and gain any ground.Stopped playing pretty much early in the game as its impossible to advance.
76561198060125918,Not Recommended,244160,19141027,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,benathome323,"This game sucks!  The tutorial is entirely inadequate.  The help resources are non-existent.  The whole game is a study in frustration and boredom.  First objective is to destroy some drone, but they're nowhere to be found.  Resource collectors will collect resources but the seems to be no way to bring them back to the Mothership.  And worst of all - nothing happens in the game!  It's pathetic!  This was a complete waste of money."
76561198007330588,Not Recommended,244160,29201851,Posted: 12 January,all,Crisis,"Homeworld this game I loved the originals,This remastered version is fun to play aswell.But untemently also somewhat disapionting.I wish they had done more to set this game apart from the original.This game is a copy with some better grapics but that is all.No new ships no new racesand no new advanced options.You could just as well play the original.or buy this on sale."
76561198050056595,Not Recommended,244160,26651204,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Frodo,its♥♥♥♥♥
76561198004958142,Not Recommended,244160,14654578,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Wolfram,HW1 shoehorned into a broken HW2-ish engine. Major buyer's remorse.
76561197991524236,Not Recommended,244160,14657254,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Betak,Homeworld remastered: One of the greatest gaming dissapointments I have ever seen.
76561197989012524,Not Recommended,244160,31006117,Posted: 7 April,all,Hensa,"Not reccomending this game because of false advertising this game is just HW2 with really good graphics. Promised HW1 remaster as HW1 was never  properly made. Original game does not have multiplayer. If you like HW2, fine buy it, if you like HW1, stay ♥♥♥♥ing away."
76561198207592512,Not Recommended,244160,14655014,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,matternrick,excuteable files are not found ..  will not let me into the remastered verison
,Not Recommended,244160,14655261,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Shively,I issued my first order and it BSOD'd my system.10/10 would support Gearbox again
,Not Recommended,244160,14654413,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Mr. amckern,"At the moment the remastered games have a broken control system, cant seem to use any hot keys in single player"
76561198049779842,Not Recommended,244160,34193845,Posted: 12 August,all,Texas Doughnut,Homeworld Remastered:GENERAL FAILUREEchec generaliseProblema generaleAllgemainer fehlerFallo generalобщая ошибкаAaaaaand still no fix.Don't buy it.
76561198024957809,Not Recommended,244160,14653879,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,[OeL] Celeste,"I was a big fan of homeworld.Playing it brought back so many memories.Haven't found a RTS game like this one ever.Yes I bought it as soon as I saw it on steam. lots of high hopes for it.But just like me, this game is old.Sure it looks better then the old homeworld; but modders had already done a good job revamping HW.If you're like me and played Eve Online or Star Citizen, you will find this quite ugly.It's still slow and I don't really see that much difference between this version and the old one with mods.Before I get flammed by all the fanboys;Yes I loved Homeworld too.Yes it is a great game.I just don't think this version is worth buying; Not at that price.Wait for sales... we've waited 16 years for this, might has well wait a few months to get it cheaper.My review way change when the mod scene makes cool stuff with this version.Happy gaming ^_^"
,Not Recommended,244160,14654089,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Mithaldu,"In the current state i can only recommend against buying this game.It very much feels like a (very pretty) beta that has enough technical issues to feel nearly as bad as the original.If Gearbox manages to actually improve things i will amend this.As it is, have a small list of problems discovered in the first 10 minutes of gameplay: The mouse has lag (even at 160 fps), there's some form of mouse acceleration at work (most noticable when scrolling to zoom in, but not when zooming out) and there's not even a sensitivity slider, with the default being very low. (Fairly important for things like rotating the camera.) Panning to the left is nearly impossible on a multi-monitor setup since the mouse is not captured in the game window. The hud on a 1920x1200 screen is small, but can be increased in size by factors 2, 3, 4. However even a factor of 2 is already too much, since every element is literally doubled in height and width.Multiplayer is currently in beta, and makes the same mistake that killed multiplayer for the original: It forces usage of a centralized third-party service which may die at any time. There is an option for LAN multiplayer, but that is unlikely to work well on the internet.As a postscript: Since the original version is included, it's recommended to simply play that. It also has a tiny UI, but a very sharply-designed one, and the screen is locked to 4:3, but otherwise it does not exhibit the beta-like issues of the remaster."
76561198027311238,Not Recommended,244160,23461735,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,suprcharg,Made it to the second mission before I was bored to tears. Not impressed with graphics or gameplay. Its just bland.
76561198059283794,Not Recommended,244160,23436566,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,UnknownEngineer,Iha ♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,244160,33069937,Posted: 30 June,all,Gamer333221,It says its missing a file that it didnt download. What the hell?
,Not Recommended,244160,14652636,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,WskOsc,"UPDATE: Tried to run Homeworld 2 Remastered, game won't launch. Score updated appropriately.I've only had a brief time with the game but here's my initial experiences/opinions from playing the Homeworld 1 Remastered campaign:First the bad;1) Controls not rebindable. Tried with several keys on one command, and half a dozen different commands after and even clearing the keys from commands before attempting to add new ones results in an error message blocking you from rebinding (""the key is already in use as ""command"""").2) First mission glitched, skipped initial objective rendering the mission impossible to finish. Restarted mission to try again, all going well until told to capture drone with salvage ship, whereupon my fighters (set on aggressive mode, as per the previous objective instructions) sped half way across the map to kill it before my salvage ship got there, resulting in another failed mission. Third time's the charm and I finally finish it.3) Second mission goes well. Apart from a brief issue getting my ship to behave, which I suggest was my fault, the mission went smoothly, enemy ships were fought,♥♥♥♥♥♥exploded, all went well.4) Third mission again bugged. Told to kill one assault frigate and capture the other with salvage ship. Salvage ship will approach the frigate but refuses to interact with it, no matter how much damage I deal first. Thought I might be missing a ship but the research menu shows no further research to be made.5) Sound for weapons firing keeps cutting out. Looks like a sound channels issue but even after bumping it from the default (apparently 0, but obviously not otherwise there'd have been no sound) to 100 the problem persists.6) Lighting issues, you can rotate the camera to blatantly see the sun in the background but the side of an object facing you is still brightly lit up, while it has shadows around the edge (as though your camera is a brighter light source than the sun. It's a little nitpick but it bugs the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me nontheless.Now the good;1) The remastered textures are pretty, even on moderate settings and zoomed in far the game looks amazing.2) The cutscenes are great too.3) Having Homeworld 2's UI in the Homeworld 1 campaign is a blessing, probably the best design decision they've made overall. I really can't stress how great this is.4) The new music is spectacular, that opening cutscene where the mothership undocks has some great music.5) Alt-F4 works.Finally, the ugly;1) There's no game speed option. I can't remember if the classic Homeworld had it or not but not having one in a more modern game is just plain silly. Resource collectors can take upwards of 2-3 minutes to grab a handful of resources (often only enough for one or two ships or a single research project) and can't be sped up. Any game that puts me in a situation where I'm actively flicking through a magazine while playing is not winning brownie points.2) There are 4 UI scale options (not on the options screen, but rather the pause (F10) screen. It's a nice feature to have but at size 2 the UI's group panel (where you assign tactics and formations) is too small to read and at size 3 it takes up about two-thirds of the screen space and leaves you a tiny rectangle in the middle to play with. This could be solved quite easily with more granular options like a slider instead of just 4 settings.All that said; it's Homeworld - they're great games and nothing will change that.Overall: I can't recommend it. It feels like an old game dragged kicking and screaming into the modern era, which is equal parts good and bad (mostly good, thankfully) but the bugs and glitches had me reaching for Alt-F4 after only two and a bit missions of the campaign. Typically the start of a game is more polished than the end (simply because it has more time with the playtesters) and if the quality of the first three missions is anything to go by the rest of the game must be an absolute trainwreck.Add in the fact that the multiplayer is still in beta, which is a broad definition these days anyway, while the game is billed as a full release and you've got something that stinks of being rushed out the door to take advantage of a rapidly depopulated release window.Sorry Gearbox but you've blown it pretty hard at release.Score: 1 ""It's dead Jim"" out of 10."
76561198062603274,Not Recommended,244160,26509831,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,kovarex,No invert mouse option -> not playable.
,Not Recommended,244160,33512430,Posted: 13 July,all,melloncollia,"This game is out-dated garbage.3rd mission is literally unwinnable because it takes complete control away from you, but expects you to save life pods from 10+ frigate class ships with only corvetes.Could I do this? Maybe, but I have a 0% chance if you strip control of my fleet from me in order to show off some cinematic garbage.All in all, it's over-tuned out-dated garbage and all the positive reviews are pure nostalia glasses."
76561198021879425,Not Recommended,244160,14654828,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,nebulav8,"So once again I was led to think a old game is great. Never played before. I love space RTS. Sins was by far the best ever made. Because of all the hype and people claiming HW is the best I just had to give it a try and was happy to see they were remastering it and selling here on Steam. Big mistake to listen to people once again.For all of you out there that are looking for a great RTS/4x space game, and expect the UI to be good then do not buy this game. Here's why. If you come from playing Sins of a Solar Empire you will know that the user interface is simply the best and easiest. Why any game out there does not do this to this day is beyoned me. SInce the Devs claimed they ""remastered"" this game I expected that they would truly put it up to par with what a great game should be today. They did not. I suspect the UI was no diferent when the game was first made to now with the remastered. So really all that was done was graphics update. Thats it. Made the game look pretty. Well this was great but why the hell could you not update the UI? I'm sorry but I just think once again I wasted my money on another space game that could have been great with very simple UI updates. How hard is it to do a ""stratigic Zoom"" such as in Sin's???? Why is this so hard to accomplish by game Devs? Why do I have to go though steps and press multiple keys in order to zoom in on a ship and pan around to get a good view of a battle? Why?Hopfully there will be a new game soon that can accomplish this very apparently hard task.For old players returning I'm asumimg you dont care and love the game just the way it is. Fine. If thats whom the Devs want to sell to okay then. To anyone new looking to buy the game and expect it to be easy and intuitive UI dont expect much.Pros:Im sorry but its not fun to have to deal with the UI and therefore has ruined the game completely. No pros. Poorly remade. Devs wanted a quick buck by remaking the graphics and changed nothing else to make it a fun and easy to use game.Cons:1. Crashes on a pretty regular bases. Did not harp on this to much because I'm asuming is a simple bug that will get adressed soon?2. Horrible old UI that is just completly a turn off. Waste of a potentially good game.3. No multiplayer. Or at least did not see how to do it.4. Horrible tutorial. Very buggy. Very basic. Crashes.5. In a good game when you hover the mouse over a subject in the game you get a good description in a paragraph or so describing what it is. This was very poorly done if at all on some items and areas of the game. Basically figure it all out your self guys.Verry didsapointed. Please someone make a good space game like Sin's again with a seamless and sratigic zoom. There is no reason I should have to push multiple keys to acomplish camerea and UI features. Should all be simple and done with the mouse."
76561198049121646,Not Recommended,244160,14652144,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,UnderDog020,"Not a fan of this release so far, very buggy, and can't get into any gameplay for Homeworld 1 or 2, it loads then crashes to desktop. Playing the tutorial is the only thing working right now. I hope this issue is resolved fast so I can enjoy playing what I thought was a playable game."
76561198167777385,Not Recommended,244160,34725101,Posted: 3 September,all,reck1111,I hated this game. I just don't get what all of the rave reviews are about. I didn't even get halfway through the single player campaign before I got bored of it and quit playing. Maybe someone else will try it and like it. I just thought it wasn't much fun.
76561198006973540,Not Recommended,244160,14651851,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Keeper556,So far I can't get it to start and I have a pretty straight forward rig.... very dissapointed!
,Not Recommended,244160,14650827,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Caveman210,Couldnt even play this game. It loaded up fine and got to the menu. I went to the options menu to adjust the graphics and change the resolution which is 1824x1026 which i play on all my games and then when the resolution changes i cant exit the option menu because there is a block on my mouse curser like its reached the end of the monitor when it clearly hasnt.
76561198207183823,Recommended,244160,30396988,Posted: 8 March,all,England is my CT,I need some help I bought the game and I wanted to play two mods but when I try and load a AI vs me game it crashes and exits my game does anyone know how to fix that overall good game though
76561197968847284,Not Recommended,244160,20669012,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Massiv Igel,"The 2nd Mission will not end ...... , game breaking bug !!!!!"
,Recommended,244160,30395160,Posted: 8 March,all,CondiKing,"When this game first came out I was very happy with the visuals and all of the fluff, everything was well done and felt great.I'll precurse with this: If you have never played Homeworld 1 singleplayer, GET THIS GAME, I don't care if you play the original or the Remaster, get this ♥♥♥♥ing game and PLAY THE SINGLEPLAYER, don't spoil any of the story, go in as blind as possible, DO IT.Other than, the glaring flaws, the butchering of formations, the removal of projectiles, the implementation of Homeworld 1 mechanics had failed when attempting to use an upgraded version of Homeworld 2, a game that stripped many essential features out in exchange for making a smoother multiplayer experience.Back on release I wouldn't have reccomended the game, but times change, and as the ancient guidestone and legends fortold, we WOULD return to Higarra.With the updates since, projectiles have been reintroduced, the terrible Homeworld 2 mechanics have been stripped from HW1 and there's even been steps made to make Homeworld 2 backwards compatible with some central mechanics from the first game, such as formations and real simulated projectiles. Homeworld 1 Remastered operates roughly as how I remember it now, the old experience has been recreated dutifully and the mechanics being changed to match turns this from an old reference to a true recreation of the experience.Homeworld 1 Remastered is fantastic and essentially can now replace the original for me (however it still will hold a place in my heart)Homeworld: Cataclysm Remastered would be a dream come true but I'm not sure that's going to happen.And Homeworld 2 Remastered is, well, it's alright. Boring story, less interesting gameplay and story overall, less connection to your fleet, but hey! The multiplayer is pretty cool.Entirely reccomend if you haven't played homeworld before."
76561198118774553,Recommended,244160,23453723,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,⍑я∧ηΣ₂₈,"This is without a doubt the best remaster of all time, of one of the best RTS games of all time, and the best 3D Space RTS of all time. Wether you like a good story, a good RTS game, or science fiction space battles, this is definetly worth at full price. Specially when you consider that you will be getting:1999's Game of the YearHomeworldHomeworld 2the remaster of1999's Game of the YearHomeworldHomeworld 2 Remastered"
76561198026452405,Recommended,244160,17240011,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,<removed>,"10/10. Perfectly remastered RTS classic with preserved aspects from original HW (original music, original cutscenes and textures but remastered to higher resolutions). Yes there are some bugs, but none of them are critical. But all in all, this is ""remastered"" as i imagine."
76561198038209093,Recommended,244160,17241727,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,CATman4L,"Take that homeworld, i could never beat either of you as a child when they origonally came out, but now they have been remasterd and i have mastered both of them, in 23 hours xD.This has always been one of my favorite sci-fi games i loved the idea of moving your fleet with you instead of having to start all over again like with most RTS games it's more realistic and works so well on games such as this, if you are uming and arring as wether or not to buy the game, get it, worth the money for such an amazingly made game even now.There is a multiplayer beta feature with the game but died as soon as i went into match so it seems like most other RTS multiplayer games might give it a shot properly but i've never been  much fan of the online multiplayer for them XD"
76561198015573561,Recommended,244160,17196508,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,MorningGhost,"I'm mid way through the game and someone described it very nicely as a ""rock, paper and scissors"" game which sums it up. You need to build the right ships at the right time in the campaign to succeed and collect all the limited resources where possible. Someone gave me the original HW1 when it was released but I was too busy at the time to complete it; rmember the days before Steam. It was the first 3D stye strategy game I'd come across. The campaign gets more challenging the further you get into it. Its a good game. I'm glad I bought it in the sale, full list is too high for a rerelease. Fingers crossed I've not encountered any bugs so far it plays fine."
76561198203705077,Recommended,244160,17242584,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,mrdh57,great base game and modding comunity this really has a futer
,Recommended,244160,17245298,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,shnazzydevil,"The quality of the current game is excellent in terms of SinglePlayer. The original homeworld is nostalgic and the remastered version is also very much welcome. The problem right now is that there are a few bugs and balance issues that still havent been worked out yet. The multiplayer is unbalanced in favor of Homeworld 2. Every match I played was won by a Homeworld 2 ship user.  In terms of bugs, my harvesters like to forget to harvest and completely stop in there tracks next to resources. The reason is not because there are too many harvesters in one area but, seem to do it randomly without reason. However, I would like to applaude gearbox for giving me one of my favorite childhood games and making it somewhat relevant. Thank you and please dont leave us alone."
,Recommended,244160,17245495,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,UncleMcThreeway,"I'm only four hours into the game and I'm already hooked. I knew this game as a remake of a classic but everything looks clean and beautiful. The controls handle well after a little practice. The difficulty of the game is in that sweet spot where you really have to work for your victory. You work hard and you out strategize and when you win, though you are bloody and low on resources, it feels tangible. There's one moment in the game that I wasn't expecting. For those that have played the game, you know what I mean, but for those that haven't, it hit me right in the feels. I haven't played a game this engaging in a long while. Highly recommend."
,Recommended,244160,17175346,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Zero,A repolished masterpiece!
,Recommended,244160,17179167,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,[ЯтR] The-Killer,"Loved it!!Oh the memories, and a very good remaster of a quite older game. Looked great and ran great."
76561198016199088,Recommended,244160,17180015,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,{PK} Gameplay,GreatGame!! Clasic version is best!
76561197961590739,Recommended,244160,17182569,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,CaptainKano,"I really loved playing this game again with beautiful HD textures and backgrounds... the explosions (or sexplosions as I've taken to calling them) make every enemy ship (but especially capital ships) that much more gratifying.  I never played the original Homeworld but from what I've read from other peoples reviews who were fans of the first installment is that some sort of unit control scheme (I believe it is the way you group your units into formations) has been adopted for both of the games much to the dismay of afforementioned fans.Basically I'll leave it at this - if you were a fan of the original you may find it a less faithful recreation of the first installment, but I believe it to be an excellent improvent visually and faithful to the feeling of Homeworld 2.  BUY IT!!!"
,Recommended,244160,17184174,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,dreamcaller,"Old game, new playI only watched my friend playing HW back then and I was already amazed by it. I've been wanting to play this game, however HW1 wouldn't work on XP and above and HW2 simply faded away among other games. Now this remasterd HW collection just brought HW franchise alive for me. Being able to play them on current windows OS with very polished graphics is like an old dream comes true. Thanks for bringing such classica and amazing old game to new era.For much for the nostalgia, game-wise I would still recommend the game, altough I just started the campaign for HW1, the cinematic cut-scene and wonderful soundtrack already attracted me. It felt so good to play this game. I wouldn't have much to say about the gameplay, the RTS desgin in this game is so good that even many years after it's still a wonder system.I would say this game is not just for those who had beutiful memories with the old HW back then, but also for those who are looking for a great RTS game in space!"
76561198065260643,Not Recommended,244160,17184525,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Enhder,"The Graphics are  better than the original. however, the glitches from the original game are still there, like studdering when there is no reason why.One of the things that made this game fun was commanding the ships though various formations and tactics,  I mean, that is the entire strategy behind this game; controlling your formations.  This game however, has no formations, ZERO.  all of your fighters and corvettes go about randomly and passively firing at the enemy when they feel like it.  it takes over 40 minutes to get through mission 2 and a whopping amount of fighters to finish off a rather defensless carrier because your ships cant fall in line.No idea what's going on.  Wait until patch is made, if not, dont waste your money."
,Recommended,244160,17186705,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,jretro,"A remastered nostalgia, totally worth it.Too bad HW:Cataclysm source codes were lost, it would make a tremendous collection."
76561198007432032,Recommended,244160,17187864,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Sam,"One of the finest games ever made, given a loving and glorious make-over with a few welcome tweaks.Original versions come as part of the package too for those who want them without change.If you're a fan of narrative driven games or real time strategy games of a different cloth to the usual stuff, then this is a must have for any enthusiast."
76561198009547994,Recommended,244160,17274094,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Roman,Holds up very well. Highly reccomended for RTS fans.
76561198049003096,Recommended,244160,17250009,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Blackraptor13,Yessss !
,Recommended,244160,17107984,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,beansnrice,"5 out of 5 FPS, especially Homeworld 2.  It had better pacing, more variety."
,Recommended,244160,17160917,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Mans1ay3r,A wonderful game that looks beautiful without being strenuous on your GPU
76561198003586786,Recommended,244160,17162286,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Turrican,This is an absolute no-brainer.  Just buy it.
,Recommended,244160,17162317,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Plaguel,"Its just Homeworld, with all its positives and negatives, just shinier!"
76561198067994461,Recommended,244160,17162936,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,LiLBTHEBASEDGOD,"I didnt think I'd ever see it, but the greatest space game of all time has been remastered. Goodbye outside world"
76561198014577646,Recommended,244160,17163651,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Gustafssonz,"You know the feeling you get when you get back together with your first love after sooo many years??I know, that♥♥♥♥♥♥never happende.But this time, it is for real.10/10"
76561197993432644,Recommended,244160,17164664,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Freakster,This game.......This game brings me back about 10 years or so....All the Vaygr I killed....All the times I got to the shipyard mission and could never beat it with enough resources to maintain my fleet....*sigh*...Now i just go through them like nothing. Still got the moves. If I did any pvp though I'd be the first to get destroyed.
76561198039108757,Recommended,244160,17164709,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Captin,"A fairly great remaster of an RTS classic. Some minor issues early on but hopefully they've been fixed by now.Homeworld in my book is a legendary game, and it's hard for a remaster to fault it in any way. It's one of the few early games to offer a 3rd dimension for an RTS. Storyline still holds its weight to this day as well.The remaster brings both games into an updated version of the HW2 engine. Complete with fully remastered music, sound effects and voiceovers. But they left out the ending credits featuring Yes? That was a letdown.If you're a fan of Homeworld, you won't be disappointed. If you've never played Homeworld then I'd suggest you pick this up."
76561198019040551,Recommended,244160,17165021,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,~SJ~ Atlessa,"Probably the best Space-Opera Video Game in existence, and with the remaster, it became even more pretty.  Only critique is that the formations from HW1 don't seem to work, which DOES reduce the effectiveness of strike craft."
,Recommended,244160,17166068,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Gallianrecon,This game has some amazing Mods.
76561197996612156,Recommended,244160,17166404,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,adune_bajor,greatest rts spacebattle game ever.
76561198065602947,Recommended,244160,17166660,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,id.K.F.A,A classic from the golden era of gaming back in 4k goodness.
76561198019036391,Recommended,244160,17167755,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,The Fallen,"The childhood I missed out on! I was so happy to learn there was going to be a remake of the one game I really wished I could play when was younger. The graphical overall was done nicely and the gameplay was as good as ever. Though I do have one issue, they left the same bugs in the game that plagued the orginal. If your using a radeon card perpare your search engines and get ready for the annoying journy to make the nonremastered version of games work."
,Recommended,244160,17168554,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Bananator,"Wow so many memories ! used to play this game projected on a wall back in the days, and now it's back, prettier than ever ! good job !"
,Recommended,244160,17189432,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Pudding,10/10
,Recommended,244160,17189831,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Tyakaa12 (Slumerican),Ohhhh yeeeaaa
76561197982927441,Recommended,244160,17190494,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Deckard,This game is simply awesome. 5 stars
,Recommended,244160,17195607,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Kifa,"What new can I possibly write about Homeworld and its sequel? Unique in time of their original releases, both games still hold up well, after all those years, and prove that design is everything when it comes to creating memorable gaming experiences. Despite somewhat dated appearance both are still very much playable, though I personally have much trouble getting both old versions to run properly on my modern hardware. Thus comes the Remastered Collection, allowing me to again experience both games.You see, I never played Homeworld games specifically for their mechanics, but rather – for one-of-a-kind atmosphere, fantastically designed universe and somewhat mystical approach to space travel. For me, those two games were just wonderful, interactive stories, and strategic gameplay was only a package in which they were delivered. This is probably what makes me oblivious to all the mechanical alterations, and maybe even flaws, that Gearbox has introduced in this remaster. As for the stories themselves I will not say a word – they are to be experienced personally.Mechanically, Homeworld is an RTS in 3D space, to put it bluntly. You collect resources, build units, attack enemies and win missions either by destruction, timer, capture or any combination of those. Sounds pretty standard, right? Well, it is, sort of. Third dimension adds a new element to unit positioning, and in this game it really matters which units attack which targets, in which order and how they are set up in space. You need to apply formations effective in each situation, change unit tactics and generally move around the battlefield a lot more than in a standard RTS. More often than not games also ask for quite a degree of multitasking – luckily in singleplayer active pause comes in handy, allowing to place orders and think out the situation before acting.As I mentioned, not everything works as it should in Homeworld Remastered. Especially in the first campaign it is evident that a lot of things broke when transplanted onto the new game engine. Omission of refuelling mechanic drastically changes the way strike craft operates and renders some ships almost useless.It is worth mentioning though that in the instance of Kadeshi fighters the fuel did seem to run out for them, so it is rather inconsistent.Conversely, in Homeworld 2 Remastered formations seem largely broken. There are more things behaving differently from original, so purists and hardcore game fans will be put off, but I – for reasons I mentioned above – enjoyed both campaigns to the fullest. Sure, sometimes I had to put more clickwork to make things fly around as intended, however none of the issues would break the game for me.I have not tested the multiplayer component yet, though I am not much of an online gamer so I might never do that actually. Keep in mind that my review is from single player standpoint only. Also I’d like to point out that the lack of Cataclysm in the remaster is a bit disappointing, but maybe, just maybe, some day they will be able to release that too.From a visual standpoint, the game is the definition of what a “remaster” should be. Every model in the game has been reworked from ground up and even the smallest fighters are now more detailed than largest capital ships in the original Homeworld. Great texturework is accompanied by a set of subtle effects like volumetric lighting, multiple-source dynamic shadows and lighting, depth of field and of course high resolution support. Animatics between missions have been re-drawn in high definition and compressed with quality in mind. Homeworld Remastered Collection is simply gorgeous. Stunning visuals are accompanied by great voiceover and absolutely stunning soundtrack, which is as far as I’m concerned absolutely unique in games world, combining ethnic and symphonic themes into one. The game simply feels majestic at times. Audio has been, of course, cleaned up since the original.Overall, there is really no reason one should not get Homeworld Remastered Collection. It is a great re-release of two great real time strategy games, providing many hours of gameplay even in single player mode, though I'll state this again - for me most important here are the epic story and atmosphere. There is already extensive mod support too, meaning that fans of altering the game will be able to find something for themselves, and purists should be able to ‘fix’ the game soon enough. In terms of presentation it’s flawless. If it was flawless mechanically, we’d have an absolute remaster benchmark on our hands. As it is, it’s just great."
76561198168937057,Recommended,244160,17281223,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,bocsuit,"The game is good but some how Hmw1 crashes to much, any updates that will fix it? It crashes on the tutorial."
76561198023575860,Recommended,244160,17281858,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,dream3r69,"I have been following the journey of the HomeWorld series for a long time now. From when me and my brother played it together originally all those years ago to the confusing bio ships of cataclysm that everyone tried to forget and on to the amazing HW2 (oh and lets not forget the Complex mod!! amazing work).So when i heard HW was getting a dust off and a new coat of paint i honestly couldnt wait. It doesnt disappoint, the game is gorgeous and the whole presentation of the package is ...acceptable. I say ""acceptable"" because the way it is packaged feels like it has lost some of its ..strength of character. The game is still there, the music (which is amazing!!) and the gameplay are as remembered but now it has a feeling of being squashed together and in someway lost some of its uniqueness. I focus mainly here on the multiplayer game, there are some strongly unbalanced aspects of joining all four races together such as the core stats of some of the original ships, this in my humble opinion should be looked at a lor more closely to give a better cohesion between races and better gameplay for the buyer.Saying that, i enjoyed the new ""raiders"" content and i appreciate all the work the devs are doing and hopefully will be doing to further stream line the experience.In short, buy it. the game is iconic and a still havnt found another like it."
76561198210435748,Recommended,244160,17287150,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,ProfSir,Got 50% of the achivments for playing steam the battlestar galactica mod11/10 would not work for my achiements again
76561198053424684,Recommended,244160,17325594,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,MadMax71700,"The campiagn of the first game is flawless, but the second game's campaign can leave something to be desired. The best thing though is the modding for the original Homeworld 2. The majority of my gameplay hours are from the mods alone."
76561198124807422,Not Recommended,244160,17328146,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,daxcasinillo,"impossible to pass chapter 3, its not for newbie, if i could get a refund i would"
76561198035503759,Recommended,244160,17219562,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,bombermonkey3,It was always a fav from when i was younger. I highly recommend this game if you love space rts games.
76561198046449895,Recommended,244160,17219980,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,YungThotter,"Imagine Stardrive 2 battles... top down RTS spaceships pew pew.Now take that battle, give it a Z axis, and place it in an entire star system. Homeworld RC is hella fun, with each battle lasting at least 45 minutes. Play with friends, kill them for resources when asteroids get scarce, then accidentally scuttle your mothership. Now you're a pro just like me!"
76561198149904195,Recommended,244160,17225990,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Jman Elda,Don't think just buy.
76561198005420486,Recommended,244160,17226827,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,DarkShepherd,"Even though I recommended this game, I don't particularly enjoy it all that much. Yes it's much like the original but I wish there would have been improvements to it. It's just tiny things such as ""esc"" bringing up a menu to exit the game or other features to make everything feel more smooth. This is why remastered games annoy me now and then. The camera and navigating the battlefield is as clunky as it was before. When the videos are loading I get black stripes across the screen which is something I've never had an issue with before even though some settings fix this when turned on. I've played hours on this game with the original version years ago but the remastered definitely looks nicer, just they haven't really fixed any previous problems. I'd much rather see them make a new homeworld where they make the game run smoother and the UI not so clunky."
76561198029198407,Recommended,244160,17373328,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,George Mallory,"Hell, it's about time.To put this comment into context, one must realize some things like that Homeworld 2 was built for Pentium 4 CPU's. we don't use Pentium 4 CPU's anymore, so whenever you play a classic copy of this game, there is a slight bit of emulation going on. This means that when you have a lot of ships in the epic and glorious space combat slagging each other and producing lovely debris clouds (looking at you, Complex), the game slows to a crawl. It took 5 minutes to save. Now, the engine is updated and we don't have to worry about this anymore. (Now we get new things to worry about in 10 years when it needs another re-vamp.) Plus: MODS!!! ORGANIZED MODS!!! AND A MOD MARKET!!! AND MENUS FOR THE MODS!!! ::swoon:: No more looking for mods on the internet and hoping they work after you download them from low-bandwidth fan-owned servers! No more single mod restrictions! No more typing the HD resolution you want into the shortcut's command line and hoping it comes out clean enough to push buttons! Buy it. Play it. You're worth it."
,Recommended,244160,17377324,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,AngryCelt75,This game is everything I wanted and more. I played the originals for more hours than I can count. They did an awesome job remastering this one. Now let's hope they will remaster Homeworld: Cataclysm.
,Recommended,244160,17437889,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,hickrod,One of the greatest rts of time
76561198063601476,Recommended,244160,17420114,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Diegram,Really good but could use a little improvement on the online
,Not Recommended,244160,17449981,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Saixh,"If you like Homeworld 2 then this will be right up your alley, however if you liked Homeworld 1 I recommend that you stay away because this game completely ♥♥♥♥ed it up. I do understand that the devs tried their best to make Homeworld 1 work in the Homeworld 2 engine but it just didn't, formations don't work at all, aggresive and evasive tactics are as far as I know just buffs now, the physics based gunnery has been removed in favor of a RNG system and the AI does a lot of weird♥♥♥♥♥♥ Sure, the classic games are uncluded in this but I expected a more functional remaster of the first game.If and when an update adresses these problems to the extent that the devs can deal with them in the HW2 engine I'll probably rewrite the review because at that point it probably deserves a second chance in my eyes."
76561198144799119,Recommended,244160,17871253,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,battlesky,it is asome
,Recommended,244160,17807655,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Hacker man,Just built Sajuke. Blew up a couple thousand capital ships. EXPLOSIONS EVERYWHERE.
,Recommended,244160,14657192,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Door Ladder,"I previously reviewed this game half a year ago, right when it first came out, and at that time I did not recommend this game due to a myriad of bugs and gameplay issues that made it quite difficult to enjoy normally. However, most of those problems have been fixed now, and the game is much more balanced. Get this if you enjoy Space or RTS games. Online play with friends (and especially with mods!) is the most fun to have on here."
,Recommended,244160,17803108,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Abhorrent,Best ever RTS game ever.-----//-----Just for PROS
,Recommended,244160,17821523,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,The_Nuclear_Tipped_Kitten,Awesome game!
76561198018757823,Not Recommended,244160,17625172,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Shipyard_Dawg,"For Homeworld 2 they should try making a game that's enjoyable to play rather than an exercise of computer dominated beat down.   At least make it so you could choose difficulty levels.  When I have to attempt to complete a mission more than five times it's becomes drudgery, 10 times, it's downright maddening and not worth the time and I regret spending the money.  Maybe a good story (I can't tell because I haven't gotten through hardly any of it.), bad game design.  I'm not wasting any more time on this game nor should you.  Shame on you Gearbox.  Wing Commander, Darkest Dawn here I come."
,Recommended,244160,16341885,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,& Knuckles,"A classic RTS that defines the standard for all space ship combat games. By the will of Sajuuk, buy this Remastered Game today!!!"
76561198014545280,Recommended,244160,16344641,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,klaus1138,"tl;dr 1/1 - buy itYou know how things you remember from your younger years seem to have an almost mystical glow about them?  For me it is The OG Transformers series.  To my 6-year-old mind, those Robots in Disguise (tm) cme to life every afternoon on the small screen.  They were sooo real.  Now, 30 years later when I watch an episode...  well, lets say Optimus has not aged well.Not so with Homeworld Remastered.  The new edition looks even better than I remember the old one being, and for years, I used that game (visuals and sounds) as my standard, at least for spave sims, by which other games are judged.  HWR does not dissapoint!My one beef is that some of the remastered soundtrack seems a bit out of place.  The noises are mainly present between levels and so do not seem to impact the immersion while playing."
,Recommended,244160,16347372,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Doi,"This game is fun. If you like space games or any RTS, buy this."
76561198078923345,Recommended,244160,14809766,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,yellowsnoweater,"awesome game but rigged with bugs. I prepurchased and couldn't even finish it until now because of the game breaking bugs (this was on 9. March 15)now the game is just great.the developer supported and expanded the game.to anybody who is even remotely interested in this genre, buy this game!"
76561197990290956,Recommended,244160,16318365,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Sajuuk,"This game has the most epic and compelling story line. The graphics were ground breaking in back in the day, and the remaster has done it justice. There are minor issues with unit pathing/formations in the remastered version of the first game, but that more than a decent tradeoff for the upgraded graphics."
76561198036720365,Recommended,244160,16318893,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Nahlar,"Gorgeous game. Superb strategy focusing on mainly fleet tactics and maneuvers rather than 4x. The first game nails a superb sense of desolation and a haunting atmosphere through the loneliness of space. The second game ups the scale of the battles and becomes a faster paced more intense game. All of this is backed up by a superb soundtrack by Paul Ruskay (although the steam version of the soundtrack doesnt include Samuel Barbers Agnus Dei, which is a great shame). The series also features some lovely highly unique designs.Gearbox has done a great job remastering this game as-well. With the settings knocked down it runs really well on my 5 year old laptop (Samsung R780), cranking the settings up on my desktop however, makes the game look even more gorgeous. They pured a lot of love into updating all the models while keeping the spirit of the original designs."
,Recommended,244160,16320730,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Ticondrius,"Not yet sure how I like the Remastered version of these two masterpieces, but they ARE masterpieces.  Do not doubt this.  A solid buy and asset to your collection."
,Recommended,244160,16325066,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Synapse,"Literally cannot get enough of this game.  Two true masterpieces of art, storytelling, and RTS gameplay merged into one package.  I can think of no other offer that gives such gaming value for the money.  If you are an RTS fan this MUST be in your collection, period."
76561197971238988,Recommended,244160,16310810,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Iglocska,Finally a remaster that does the original justice. One of the best gaming experiences out there.
76561198095687367,Recommended,244160,16317539,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Kazimierz the Greatest,"it's actually pretty good for viduals, but i heard that the gameplay and some parts of the story got screwed....I LOVE the originals, so...I'll keep on playing. Homeworld will always be my top RTS :D"
,Recommended,244160,16338987,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Trump_45,"There was once a time when it was established knowledge that Sierra's Homeworld (and Half-Life) was at the top of the list for best games ever produced for PC. This remastered edition of Homeworld illustrates why vividly, even after 15 years.Homeworld: Cataclysm was the first game I ever owned for PC. Triumphing over its campaign on difficult at twelve years of age was undoubtedly a crowning achievement of my pre-teen years. I went on to immerse myself completely in the Homeworld universe, playing through the original game over and over again. Admittedly, I liked Cataclysm better; sadly, I hear it may be lost to video game history. In any case, Homeworld's 3D RTS is one of a kind, and retains its crown as a pinnacle of gaming even after nearly two decades.The Homeworld games have an elegance to them, a beautiful simplicity, which I have not found in other RTS games in the many years I've been playing. The strategy on its own is fantastic, but the story truly makes Homeworld greater than the sum of its parts. In many ways not unlike 2001: A Space Odyssey in its meticulously measured brushstrokes, Homeworld's space opera is in a class by itself, and always will be. It's a pure example of distilled excellence in gaming.Yes, I'd recommend this game. You owe it to yourself."
,Recommended,244160,16373016,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Chaotic Entropy,"Just completed the Homeworld 1 campaign, enjoyable, though doesn't seem to pack the same punch as when I first played it. Overall I'm glad the remastered this game and it's worth buying.Probably need a mod or some patching though, as I breezed through the campaign... I remember fighting tooth and nail for every inch of Kadeshi Gardens but didn't have any problems whatsoever in remastered."
,Recommended,244160,16340143,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,HamTyler,"Homeworld: the classic RTS.  Why did I buy this?  Well, it's simple - I played it so much and enjoyed it so much that the game deserves more money.  Simple.  And the result of the remaster?  Outstanding.  Worth every damn penny.  Loving this game all over again."
,Recommended,244160,16363095,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,famousj6,"Click ""OK"" to continue. This is the homescreen, you can use it to CLICK OK TO CONTINUE press backspace to clear the taskbar, it gives vital infoCLICK OK TO CONTINUE. Your camera has highlited some scouCLICK OK TO CONTINUE.The tutorial is like a chatty woman who doesn't give a rip about what you have to say. It interrupts itself to give you more info and is extremely annoying.Other than that, this is a great game! 9.9/10"
76561198001506351,Recommended,244160,16366367,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,BobtheMagicMoose,"The original Homeworld is my absolute favorite RTS. The visuals, sound, and story are incredibly original and compelling. Homeworld Remastered is a high-res remake rendered using the HW2 engine. It is beautiful but very broken :(, luckily it comes with original. This game is not known for its multiplayer, which was never very fun. This is a very slow RTS with moments of high intensity."
76561198052835809,Recommended,244160,16367298,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Mr. Poopy Butthole,"Just like I remember, but with better graphics. Awesome!"
76561198052373649,Recommended,244160,16369482,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Lake_Troll,A classic! Wheres Homeworld 3?!?
,Recommended,244160,16378725,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Mytrix,"A truely unique, fun, and challenging RTS!Okay, let's dive right into why you should buy this game:1) If you loved both Homeworld games, then you'll love this. By the way, the game includes both the Remastered versions of 1 and 2, the original versions, and the MP (currently in Beta).2) Clearly a great effort was made to refine the visuals and audio of the game. The gameplay mechanics and UI have also been altered, but do not interfere heavily from the original concept. It's non-intrusive in my opinion and makes the game just that much more enjoyable.3) A growing modding community. I have high hopes for the community, but at the moment some creative, useful, and just overal interesting sets of mods are available from the Workshop. Some include reskins, reinterfacing, unofficial patches (some of these are specific to the hardcore fans of the originals), and even a multiplayer map pack (which claims to have 130+ maps!).Please note that there is much more that could be said, but it is fruitless explaining it all in text like this.I recommend that you watch some gameplay footage if you'd like more info, or even feel free to ask me. I'm sure to put more hours into this game."
76561197983590470,Recommended,244160,15664261,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Dobson Minister of  Asswhoppins,"""No body gives me the rasberry!"" Everytime I play this game I'm Rick Marranis from space balls!!"
76561198058029104,Recommended,244160,15701589,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,^7[^1HD^7] i11aGhee,"Having missed Homeworlds the first time around i decided id have a go. Its an easy game in single player mode, balancing is needed for the multiplayer mode. Id give this game 7-10."
76561198054858123,Recommended,244160,21920808,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,wataru,"Amazing game. Art, story, music, humor - everything is great. But gameplay is not the best. Flicking doesn't work in RTS. On normal difficulty AI almost doesn't do anything, on hard it absolutely wreks me. Overall I quite enjoyed campaign, but competitive multiplayer is worthless."
76561198043000377,Recommended,244160,22058658,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Kazray,"10/10 - 100/100 , BEST GAME, BEST GAME!- Jontron"
,Recommended,244160,22054057,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Real Life Cookie Monster,Best game ever! It reminds me of state wars! Worth it!
,Recommended,244160,22073726,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,anetiquettefiend,"Super nostalgic. Like many on here, this was one of my favorite titles. I'm glad they remastered it. Gorgeous graphics, excellent game play and beautiful storyline. Not many RTS games carry over what units you have created or techs updated to the next stage/level. To me, that's always been an attractive and unfortunately rare quality. Overall, I'm very pleased with my purchase. Comes highly recommended for you RTS fans out there."
,Recommended,244160,21934846,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Captain Woman Respecter,"Reeally good fun, havent got a chance to finnish but reallly fun and lots freedom."
76561198081164536,Recommended,244160,22006503,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,DARGON606,It's amazing
76561197994770542,Recommended,244160,30738385,Posted: 25 March,all,Waffleman124,"Hands down, the best space command game I've played.  There is some quirks to the system and I had to do some modding.  However, you can't beat the value; easily a 25+ hour campaign not counting the bonus missions.  I'd highly recommend this game to anyone who likes RTS and space games."
76561198052669762,Recommended,244160,21969759,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,salmindrea,"(I only recommend this game for the included Classic version of Homeworld.)Homeworld Remastered:This is not a remaster! A truer statement is that this is an official Homeworld mod for Homeworld 2. Nothing works the same as it did in the original game. Imagine any other game you like, say Starcraft, but with all the behaviour and stats of all the units changed and many core mecanics changed or simply not working. It really isn't nearly as good a game as the original Homeworld was. The _only_ reason to play the remaster is to experience Homeworld with modern graphics (which will give you an appreciation of what it felt like for those who played the original game when it came out).Homeworld II Remastered:A well made remaster. However, Homeworld II is a far inferior game to Homeworld. It takes liberties with the story and the universe which are (to me) comparable to those that Star Wars I: Phantom Menace took with respect to the original trilogy.Closing Statement:Homeworld is my favourite game of all time. This remaster is unfortunate as it will give new players a much worse experience than the original game did.I still recommend this collection purely because it includes the original game (the ""Classic"" version) which is not sold separately on Steam. Be warned that the Classic version seems to crash on the first mission for many players."
,Recommended,244160,21985640,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,LCCX,"Homeworld is back! And it's still amazing! It's also surprisingly unique given how few games combine RTS fleet with full 3D movement (e.g. you only have your own ship in EVE Online, Sins of a Solar Empire is a flat gameboard for all intents and purposes)."
,Recommended,244160,21997342,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,arientuir,I recommend this game to anyone who liked the original Homeworld.
76561198043905981,Recommended,244160,22076214,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Trues55,not yes but ♥♥♥♥ YESS!!!  this game will put a challange in you that you havn't thought possible the story is amazing the graphics amazing and the mechanics great i would reccomend this for somone who loves RTS/space scify fantasy story lore♥♥♥♥♥♥thing what cha ma call itand it's 2 games in 1
76561198057075897,Recommended,244160,21955856,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,[APG][DK] Dawnstorm,A fresh remake on an old classic!
76561197977081470,Recommended,244160,21896405,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,BiGDaDdY,One of the most amazing space games ever! I cant wait for the mod for star wars warlords for homeworld remastered to be finished!
76561197970256413,Recommended,244160,21904887,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,matthewamel,Beautifully done updating of Homeworld.Kudos to Gearbox for Remastered as well as embracing the larger universe that includes Kharak and the active mod community.
76561198025335182,Recommended,244160,22169641,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,JBH,"Pretty stoaked to enjoy these two games with an HD remaster.The depth, ambience, lore, and implications on our own human evolution are all packaged nicely in a tour de force of light, zero gravity and innovation."
76561198174073641,Recommended,244160,22106018,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,kudis terciduk,I ordered 2 support frigate to repair each other.It was the most romantic moment I've ever seen.
76561198157649016,Recommended,244160,22030921,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Jeffery,Great game :D
76561198134446688,Recommended,244160,22015913,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Vaethe,"♥♥♥♥ing awesome♥♥♥♥♥game, really cool looking battles. Must have. <4"
,Recommended,244160,22016383,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Munchmasta,"Totally recommend. Never played HW1 but have fond memories of HW2, and I've enjoyed reliving some of them with HW Remastered.We need more multiplayer mac players though. It's just been me and one other mac player bashing the hell out of each other 1v1. I think we're the only 2 mac multi players on earth. Seriously.SO.... if you are a mac player and you are *thinking* about HW:R.... and you're hovering over the buy button... BUY IT and come expand our HW mac gaming circle from 2 players in the world to, like, 3. The most exclusive club ever. It's like some people spent a ton of money making a game for just the 3 of us to play. You can't be Donald Trump and become the one and only POTUS but you CAN be one of the only HW:R mac players in the WORLD."
76561197980653142,Recommended,244160,22065401,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,DragonWhite4Gulf,"Its Homeworld, the reason my computer is still here. DCS, Homeworld and Dragon Age Inquisition."
76561198101460171,Not Recommended,244160,17473532,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Burningstrider,"So I just brought this game and i'm having a bit of a problem. I can't see any of the ships in the game lol.I've altered all of my graphics and put them as low as possible and still nothing not really sure what to do now, so until this get's sorted it'll be a thumbs down.Especially after i spent near on £27 for a game I can't even play.If anyone could help it'd be greatly appreciated."
,Recommended,244160,16853636,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,ShutterCat,"This review is based on comparing the experiences of playing Homeworld GOTY edition when it came out ~1999 and playing Homeworld 1 Remastered.It's gorgeous. Classic was beautiful for its time and the sensation of depth and scale is preserved in this graphical update. The light rays made my jaw drop when I turned them on, but now I think they make space feel small, like the inside of a cloud or a slightly murky pond. I'm still trying out different combinations of the ""modern"" graphics toys Blur, Bloom, Depth, and Rays.The ""waypoint"" navigation from Cataclysm is present, and useful for such things as scout patrols and correctly orienting frigate/capital formations.The gorgeously spare UI of HW classic is gone, replaced with the festoon of boxes typical of the genre. Not all bad news however: the selected unit list in the lower left is good for rapidly inspecting the health of your fighter squadrons and issuing individual dock orders. Replacing the Build, Research, and Launch full screen pages of Classic with a right-hand pane greatly enhances situational awareness and saves me from toggling in and out of the build manager over and over while I try to figure out what I'm still short on.The option to cancel a hyperspace command while the ships are maneuvering into formation is a welcome addition.Formations are broken. I'll edit this if I ever find out how to make ""sphere"" formation do anything like it used to in Classic. Desired function is for the selected units to form a sphere around their order target. Presently, it seems to make them stop and pick their noses. ""X"" works fine. ""Wall"" seems to make plusses. ""Claw"" is okay. The Interface for move has been modified for ease-of-use, and this has caused a small amount of frustration. Right-click as well as ""M"" invoke the classic style move pie but right-clicking the out-of-plane height indicator for a pocket of resources issues a direct move order to that location and height (helpfully to save you from pressing shift for height changes or frustratingly when you were trying to invoke the move pie).Definitely recommended if you're still reading this far."
76561197999935899,Recommended,244160,16865648,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,pondrthis,"TL;DR: Overall, this is a good-looking update to a good-looking game, and is worth the money despite numerous gameplay changes that will demand a reworking of classic strategies. (If you absolutely can't stand the changes, play Classic Mode!)-----Homeworld is one of those games I would buy five times. Its story, music, and gameplay are all extremely well executed, and as a whole, the game is deceptively deep. The incredible art has been updated to look brilliant at the resolution I played the game (2K). I can't comment on the porting of HW2, as I had never played the original.There are numerous differences between Remastered and Classic that should be noted, though, some more obvious than others. Here's a list of changes that I felt notably altered the game's experience--I'm sure there are more, but these are the most notable:-Strike Craft don't use fuel. I would have preferred them to be buffed and still use fuel, but c'est la vie.-There's a limit of 14 Salvage Corvettes, which changes the Bridge of Sighs level significantly.-The issuing of some orders has changed dramatically--one click Scuttle, odd Kamikaze behavior, etc.-Evasive Tactics has been replaced with Defensive Tactics, which no longer causes Strike Craft to weave around attacks.-You can't create custom formations, effectively breaking Cloak Generators and Defense Frigates.-You can't play as the Taiidan in the campaign. I always saw this as a meta-story, showing the cyclic nature of the exile and painting the ending in a bittersweet light. So much for that theory.-As expected, ""Homeworld (The Ladder)"" was removed from the ending scene due to licensing costs. No more Yes T.TEven with all these changes, it's still SO worth it ^.^"
,Recommended,244160,16310010,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,_jay,Required playing for everyone.  Epic space survival story.
,Recommended,244160,16286545,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,RedAlert_007,"A true gem in the gaming community that nobody has heard about, this game is severly underrated and not publicised enough, This game is a true classic, i encourage everyone who loves:SpaceRTSCommanding a massive army of giant uber spaceshipsBeautiful storylinesAmazing VisualsRagequitting because you failed a mission then come back to try againTo buy this game and reccomend it to all their friendsHowever i will say that the only downside about this game is the multiplayer, not enough servers :(P.S :vaygr: :hiigarans: :hwinterceptor: :junkyarddog: Wait do these even work here?"
,Recommended,244160,16396309,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,LenabotSE,"Homeworld is, hands down, one of the best RTS games of all time. Not only are the gameplay mechanics amazing, but it possesses one of the best narratives in the genre. The story is emotional and moving -- but without the forced melodrama you'd find in some other games. It's a straightforward tale told with sincerity.The classic version of both games play like the original release, so check them out for the original experience.The Remastered Editions enhance the graphics... but they also rebalance gameplay mechanics. This is most apparent in Homeworld 1. Strike craft are rendered all but useless, forcing you to use corvettes as your ""fighter wings."" You also no longer have to refuel them. Frigates and capital ships have been variously nerfed or overpowered. So, if you're a veteran of the series, your ""old school"" tactics may no longer work. These changes angered some people, though I actually appreciated having a new twist on an old classic. It made the gameplay feel fresh, even though I've beaten the original version a dozen times.So, whether you're a new player or a veteran returning home, there's something for everybody. Want the original experience? Play the classic editions. Want a new twist? Play the remastered editions. Either way, Homeworld is still one of the best strategy games ever produced."
76561198055600073,Recommended,244160,16403014,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,SentientTuna,Good arabian music simulator.
,Recommended,244160,16403873,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Mecronmancer,"A fantastic, beyond gorgeous remake of a classic space opera. If you like 3D spacefleet RTS'es, heart-wrenching stories, and saving the last of your kind, this game is for you.A very deserving 10/10."
,Recommended,244160,16389771,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,JammedHam,"It is a great Space RTS that was good way WAY back in my childhood. Now, why can't I remember how I beat this level..."
,Recommended,244160,17451159,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Gunjamed1,Highly Recomended! It is so nice to be able to play this again and the extra mission that would cost me 25$ on ebay just to buy is free with this... (you have to buy the demo disk to get this mission) So much fun!
76561198026227263,Recommended,244160,17453084,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,switchfoot,They truly stepped up the graphics and brought this amazing game into the modern age. I love that they combined H1 and H2 together in multiplayer and skirmish modes as well. (Maybe one day our modding community will bring us the two races from Catyclysm) I was skeptical when I heard gearbox was taking on this project because they aren't in the business of RTS games but they made this a true remake without taking away or adding anything that would take away from this game. This makes me excited for Shipbreakers.
76561197971192456,Not Recommended,244160,17461926,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Bonesmascha,"Realy bad conversion of HW 1, unit gormation dont work at all...If they had used Hw2 Squad system on HW1 Units it might have worked better, right now units break formation. Corvets fly like fighters and you guessed corectly hit jacksh... not fun to play HW 1 port. At least you get the original Version too"
76561198058897082,Recommended,244160,18406556,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Blockhead,"NOT A STARTER RTS. This game is WICKED cool. Stunning visuals, intense and thoughtful gameplay, and a unique 3-d approach that i dont think any other RTS has taken. HOWEVER this same mechanic is also really hard to get used to, and should only be truthfully attempted if you already play one or two RTS games. A really cool mechanic is that your units and rescources carry over from one mission to the next, meaning how well you do determines how easy the next level will be. The one problem i have is how empty space is. I know hat is how space really is, but with the exception of a few gimmicky areas like a dangerous asteriod field where the whole goal is to blow them up before they hit you, there is no enviromental obsticals like in other RTS's where there might be a river or a cliff or something.8/10-1 for inability to play casually until your a pro-1 for mostly empty spaceis a gud gaem"
76561198034156792,Recommended,244160,18371530,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,PsychoticEpisode,"Im only giving this a thumbs up due to the fast that the original game is in there. The remasted version is not as good gameplay wise as the original. The remasted one looks damn good but the tactics and formations have been gutted. The game is far to easy now with so much money that I had 9 scouts, 9 intersepters, 9 light corvets, 9 heavy corvets, 8 salvage corvests, and 2 resource ships in the 2nd mission! Just play the original and pass on the remasted one.  If it was just the remaster it would get a thumbs down."
,Recommended,244160,14680373,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Christopher,"This is a dream come true for me! The remakes are true to the original games and have been updated to 2015 standards. If you liked the originals, stop reading and buy it now. You will not be disappointed. I'd write a longer review but I'm too busy playing again."
,Recommended,244160,19743836,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,SeDevri,"These are some of the BEST space base RTS games you will ever have the pleasure to play.  The story is intriguing, the game mechanics are solid and the visuals are stunning.  The game leans to the slower pace but that also lend to the feel of the game.  I can't recommend this collection enough!"
,Recommended,244160,19764216,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,RV,Great game but need updates! Multiplayer is too much unstable for 3v3 and 4v4.
76561197960375096,Recommended,244160,15360332,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,kazada,Thank you very much for remastering this wonderful game. It's just a pleasure playing it and experiencing it again caused some tears in my eyes.Homeworld will always be one of my top favorites.
76561197991130013,Not Recommended,244160,16640994,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Batchman,"Looks good, thats all, HW1 HD is a gameplay trash, HW2 HD does not make much of a difference, UI is complete trash. Did they reduce difficulty? At least you get updated classic games, which are much better.Only reason to have remastered version is workshop and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s of mods as it has (will have?) much better mod support.Sadly, gearbox only milked this game, and did not deliver anything promised.Waste of money, unless heavily discounted, mainly because u get original games."
,Recommended,244160,20377056,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Kye,"this is the remastered version of the first game i ever played its ♥♥♥♥ing awesome I never played the multiplayer but i hear its alright at best however the campain modes have up 50 hours of gamplay 30ish if you have played the game before or are VERY skilled at homeworld the game is very hard ( I had to use cheats on 3 levels in homeworld 1 to get back to where i was before the remaster came out) and that was on normal difficulty amazing game with a great story that i really recomend.(I do want to say you can pick up the original homeworld (1999) or homeworld 2 (2005) for a few dollars on ebay and run it on a potato)120/10-""only good rts game""-GamePlayingPEOPLE steam group"
76561198019048871,Recommended,244160,20359454,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Jazehiah,"From the time I first heard of this game, I wanted it. The moment it went on sale I jumped at the opportunity and... was rather disappointed.Don't get me wrong, the game isn't bad. The tutorials do a great job of introducing what is initially an unintuitive set of controls. Once past the unfamiliarity, you realize just how brilliantly simple they are.Unfortunately, that's about where I have to stop my review for one simple reason: I am colorblind. Player ships are green, enemies are red, allies are yellow and there is no way to change that.I cannot reccomend this game because I cannot play it. If there's a ""colorblind friendly"" mod out there, I'd dearly like to see it because until I find (or make) one, I'm stuck on the first mission with no way of telling friend from foe.EDIT: Hallelujah! Someone posted a Red/Green colorblind fix to the workshop. I can finally play the game. Now that my only qualm (so far) is gone, I can honestly say I'm enjoying it.Research is very straightforward and resource collection is quite similar to StarCraft's. I have yet to find a 3D RTS as good as this one. It's straightforward enough to get a grasp of concepts, but complex enough for the truly good players to wreck the noobs with superior tacticcs and micromanaging. All in all, a great game."
76561197973971409,Recommended,244160,20349751,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Sirius O'rely,Pro:Karan Sajet and fleet command comes back from the grave and sweet talk you a nic estor line.Con:GearBox hate spin to win multi beam corvette and they hate formations. Why I don't know.
,Recommended,244160,20106628,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Swas,One of the few games that is still great after all these years.
,Recommended,244160,20107929,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Chetco,"This is only truly a ramastering of Homeworld 2. The first one was somewhat butchered, but looks nice. Multiplayer mashes both together into the Homeworld 2 engine. It would have been better to only remaster Homeworld 1 graphics and interface, and leave it separated. I would recommend only playing with Homeworld 2 settings in multiplayer which is thankfully an option. Aisde from that, the Homeworld 2 remastering is incredible and graphics and interface have a modern look and feel."
76561197972372009,Recommended,244160,20105061,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Gizmo,"Beautiful update of one of the best RTS games I've ever played. Unfortunately, under the hood lie some significant issues. In the original version of HW 1 it didn't rely on random number generation for weapons to hit their targets(and how much damage dealt), if your round visibly hit the enemy it did the appropriate damage. This means the pathfinding and formation AI were critical, especially for your smaller craft. The update didn't get this right and makes half to a third of your combat units useless. (Case in point, 20 bombers could wreck a group of 8 capital ships. I just had 70 shredded without knocking out a single one). Additionally, the resource collectors need to get reassigned repeatedly if you want to pick up everything in a map, and salvage/repair vessels used to be smart enough to figure out what needed to be done if you selected an area, but now you need to micromanage them, adding tedium. I love this game, art direction, soundtrack, story, etc with all my heart and it hurts to see part of what made the original a revelation in the genre not work properly. Pick it up and demand the developers update until it's the game it should be."
,Recommended,244160,20080445,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Magistrator,played this a long time ago. Played it again now. Dont regret it. Still a great game and recommend it.
76561198033077789,Recommended,244160,20095791,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Kwisatz Haderach,Epic
,Recommended,244160,20100318,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,callmebobjoe,Worth a buy and great for LAN Party
,Recommended,244160,20098872,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,YKRAGDATOH,BEST GAME EVER!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198092515819,Recommended,244160,20082345,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,PinkUnicornAlex,Beautiful piece of remastered space strategy
76561198268747450,Recommended,244160,20093484,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,dalton,"odlična,10"
,Recommended,244160,20078319,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Jakelope | Ƹ̵̡Ӝ̵̨̄Ʒ,"I came across a let's play of Homeworld 2 years ago, and instantly fell in love. The graphics, the combat mechanics, the truly three-dimensional movement! It was like watching poetry in motion, blowing up lesser poetry in the process. I think that metaphor got away from me.When I heard about the Remastered Collection, I knew I had to have it. No matter what it would cost, I had to have a game as beautifully redone as this one was. So, I got the game when it became available, and eagerly awaited for the release date to play. Heck, I even had my brother build me a new computer to be able to handle the game!Then the game arrived, I opened up the launcher, started the first mission.... and lost three times. That's when I remembered that I'm kind of terrible at playing RTSes.In short, this game is so good looking I forgot how terrible I am at playing it. If you like Real Time Strategy games and science fiction, why haven't you bought this game yet?!"
,Not Recommended,244160,16869512,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Lloyd George,This could be fun but is too full of bugs.  As well as choppy sound and graphics freezes there are quite a few gameplay bugs where your ships won't actually move to attack the enemy in formation so they just get picked off one by one!  This is annoying after a one hour tatic to manouver into position - avoid!
,Recommended,244160,16847118,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Thought Broken,"16 years ago, Homeworld locked me into it's interactive story of survival, while facing overwhelming odds. Through the story you learn new technology to aid you (Salvaging enemy ships is one of my favorite ways to expand my fleet), encounter interstellar traders helping you along the way, and meet your foes in extensive battles to re-take your original home planet. 4 years later the story continued with the threat of another civilization who found the 3rd Hyperspace core. The gameplay was improved with a new user interface and better fleet management and the battles were sometimes impossible without extensive replays. Homeworld 2 took over my life for many many years after it's release with the multiplayer experience that so many players loved at the time.Gearbox has done something the whole HW community has wanted. Brought back our loved game providing dramatically amazing visuals, sound/music, & improved interface to both Homeworld 1 & 2.Well done Gearbox, well done indeed.Homeworld 3 would be done properly in your hands.I need to mention another title in the franchise: Homeworld: Cataclysm - By Barking dog studios. If we could get a remastered edition of that amazing title as well... Man... That would be something.Thank you Gearbox!"
,Recommended,244160,17203617,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,An Apple and Orangutan,"Oh whaddya know, an actual good remaster, noice!1!!!1!1 Better than most standard  ""call of doody: modern blackops 3 anniversary edition"" dreck. In my opinion this game is a mastapeece, especially the story; feels cinematic, but great gameplay as well.9.5/10  One of the best classic series of the late '90s/early '00s, with a shiny new paint job (seriously, looks really good!) that doesn't detract from the originals."
,Recommended,244160,17206427,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Skipjack Tuna,"I picked up this game during the Steam Summer Sale of 2015 while craving  a good RTS and I write this review having only played HW1:R with no plans to play HW2:R in the near future.I had heard great things about Homeworld before the remastered edition was even announced, echoes of praise for its story and gameplay. The high point of this game was the story, while not too in depth, it was good enough to keep me going. The combat, which is the crux of this game due to it having minimal base building(you build research ships and resource collectors, but everything revolves around your motherhsip), which I hear has faults somewhat becuase it runs the HW2 engine in HW1 was a little underwhelming. Entering battle can take quite a while and control over who and how your units attack is poorly executed. It can be difficult to be quickly precise where you want to send units due to the 3D nature of the map, and because of this some maps are flat out boring. One mission has you dodging and destroying asteroids before they can hit your mothership, and if you decide to use your bombers to take them out about half of your bombers will kamikaze(which is a seperate action you can order them to do) by accident into each asteroid. This game is not without its bugs, but as of my review it seems that the majority of them are patched.Needless to say the AI is a little underwhelming, and some missions poorly executed. Planning to capture enemy capitol ships and succeeding can be rewarding. Overall, thanks to the story and acknowledging that this is an older game with only a graphics touch up it stands up well today. Worth the sale price. 7.5/10"
,Recommended,244160,17207047,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Kirutal,"I've been a fan of the Homeworld series since I was a kid, purchased the Game of the Year edition, still sitting proudly on my bookshelf with its Silver Clans Description & story books, along with its sequels. Hearing about the remastered edition, I nearly screamed in excitement because the game is long overdue for a refreshment, and I'm happy that I bought it.(JUST THE REVIEW OF THE REMASTERED HOMEWORLD CLASSIC, NOT 2)Okay, details now:What I like about the Remastered Edition of Homeworld (aside from its obvious graphics) is the new UI. It's much cleaner and is easily accessible all on one screen without actually visiting the 'Build', 'Rearch' & 'Launch' pages, which are now converted to panels. Having said that there are some downsides to it: I cannot click the 'B' key to quickly close my 'Build' panel, likewise with the 'Launch' panel, but only works with the 'Research' panel. It's not a huge problem, but it gave me a feeling that the remastering was rushed, rather than tested.Secondly, I don't like the unit ships display on the lower left corner, that in itself is more appropriate for Homeworld 2. I much rather have the Unit Ships of the Homeworld Classic, originally displayed on the top right corner for easily monitoring how many ships I have left in the game. It doesn't matter where it's displayed, I could care less, but having Homeworld 2's UI for Unit Ship Display in a Homeworld Classic where it's Build Per Ship, not Build Per Group of Ships, is annoying. All I see are just colorful outlines of  random ships in a non-scrollable display, with my assumption to myself, ""even though I built 30 Interceptors.... maybe I have 25 left? Less? Idk?""Sound can be glitchy, where ship chatter is close to non-existent, or I'm dealing with persistent ship engine noise all game, even when I pan far far far away, and docking is the only option left for me to get rid of that painful white-noise.And now, capturing ships with Salvage Corvettes doesn't intern them into my ships, they get recycled, and now I'm stuck with more minutes into each stage of the game just rebuilding them, because if you know anything about Homeworld, it's this: SALVAGE SALVAGE SALVAGE = BIGGER ARMY.So there are more Cons than Pros on the Remastered Collection, however that being said, I'm still a proud supporter of the game and the series, I just wished that the Remastering did some more gameplay testing before launching. Now I'm just sitting back and hoping that there will be updates to the game."
76561198063199588,Not Recommended,244160,17215180,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,keatopian,Cant get it to work.    Help Center is a joke!  there website is a joke!  dont get tell they get it!The Old Game was Very good the Remastered?   I my never KNOW!
,Recommended,244160,18017414,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Deltaigarus,I cant remember what the original game was like. I have no intention of trying to remember. So many mods and so little time.Modding the RTS.    10/10(I mainly play in steam offline. Mods tend to crash less.)
76561197970607311,Recommended,244160,17990118,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Flopy,spellz with voices <3
76561198203015604,Recommended,244160,15617280,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Goldenclaw101,"I just love this game except, for the fact that everything but HW 2 classic would start. I really wouldn't mind but, almost all the best mods are for HW 2 C. Still a really great game. will somebody please tell me how to fix this?"
76561198024127032,Recommended,244160,15500007,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,canorous star,Best game ever waiting for homeworld 3
,Recommended,244160,15607514,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Padishah Emperor Borris,"I used to love the first game and played it a lot even though I was pretty terrible at it all. The remake is pretty solid, the game feels like a much updated version with the music and units bring me back to the universe of Homeworld. I would recommend this to anyone how has played the older games and enjoyed them.It can be rather difficult and I personally am not interested in multiplayer but love the story modes.If you enjoy space games its worth picking up, you'll get your monies worth no worries"
,Recommended,244160,15607964,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,mik4384,worth a buy if you love to play homeworld back then
,Recommended,244160,18665792,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,(Y)ercury,"One of the best space RTS's out there, I picked homeworld 2 up years ago and played steadily for months. With the release of the remastered collection it was all to easy to buy and fall into playing for hours again. Remastered collection includes the original versions of HW1-HW2 as well so if the remastered controls/camera/icons arn't how you remembered and you tend to perfer the old version its easy to go back to.Pros:HAW1/2 Included with remastered collectionSteam workshop - makes finding those shiny new spacecraft and game tweaks so much easierUnlimitied unit mod available in workshop - Seriously though, by the end of the campaign the Armada I amassed was unparallellednew playable race included from the originalCons:- remastered version has terrible camera position and zoom-(Not really a con) all the new icons and ish took me a second to get used to"
76561197970790931,Recommended,244160,18659630,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,petec,"Today I discover I can install this on my Mac under OSX El Capitan, I purchased it on Windows via bootcamp. It works smoothly native to Mac. A great effort from the developers and publishers to bring this absolute classic peice of art back from extinction. I just hope other publishers learn that this is the way to go, and save so many other great games of the past. Thanks guys. I waited 10 years for this."
,Recommended,244160,17860878,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,KandA ©,"I bought and played this when it first came out, I still have the CD's, loved it then , still love it now!"
76561198090382657,Recommended,244160,15282544,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Boskov01,"I grew up with the original Homeworld back in 1999 (I was 9 then) and I remembered playing the crap out of Homeworld back then. Homeworld 2, when it came out in 2003 was meh. Shinier but too difficult and had several gameplay mechanics I didn't like.The Remaster is essentially Homeworld 1 & 2 in the Homeworld 2 engine only shiner. There is the combined multiplayer which is probably what you want since you can play as Kushan, Taiidan, Hiigaran, and Vagyr all on the same map. I don't recommend the HW1R Campaign since, even though it's in the HW2 engine, there are some gameplay mechanics that don't transition properly. For instance HW2 had a dynamic difficulty system where the difficulty of the AI in the Campaign was determined by how many ships you had at the end of the previous mission (i.e. went into hyperspace with). So having a fully functional fleet at the beginning of a mission was not in your best interests unless you wanted to get swarmed by the AI. This mechanic was transferred over to the HW1R Campaign.In HW1 Classic it's advisable that you have 6 salvage corvettes built and ready to go before the end of mission 2 to make capturing the three assault frigates in mission 3 easier (and for getting you two free Assault frigates...the third is always retired and converted into RUs) as well as shortening the amount of time it takes to salvage the cryo trays. HW1R screws that strategy up by adding additional Assault Frigates depending on your fleet size so instead of three, you're facing six and they will ignore your fighters and corvettes in favor of obliteratig the trays which can lead to a quick mission failed screen.But fortunately they do offer HW1 & 2 in their classic form which is highly recommended. I only use the remastered form to play offline skirmishes against the AI. There are a few bugs with the Remastered version though. Salvage Corvettes/Marine Frigates/Infiltrator Frigates have to be ordered to capture each individual target instead of group targeting a group of targets. However salvage corvettes can now capture enemy fighters and corvettes much easier now. Formations are a joke since in HW1 the ships stayed in formation and fought in formation. HW2 they break formation the minute they enter combat and the sphere formation, the formation meant to be the best defensive option availible, is useless as they don't form a spherical barrier around the target they're protecting.There is some saving grace in that the modding community is very active here. Many of the popular mods from Homeworld 2 Classic that were around prior to the release of the Remastered version have been uploaded here on the Steam Workshops. Even better, you don't have to go through a complicated installation process. The Remastered Version has a built in mod launcher on the main launcher. All you have to do is subscribe to the mods you want, download them (which begins automatically upon subscribing), go to the launcher, click mods on the bottom right of the launcher screen, select the mod you want to run, click select on the mod menu and then click run. It's very easy. No having to go into the game files and put files into specific folders, no having to worry about damaging the game's basic files. It's a wonderful additon that I'm very much enjoying.I highly recommend the Star Trek Continuum Mod for HW2C. It's very well done and a Remastered release is reportedly on its way."
,Recommended,244160,18705591,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,8th | Cоsмоиaцт ☭,A game in which five asteroids can destroy my Mothership faster than an entire suadron of enemy capital ships.
,Recommended,244160,18574538,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Brian Badonde/SnooPSton1,"An old game and a classic, Nostalgia all over 10/10"
76561198194848998,Recommended,244160,18747558,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,WheelerK,Amazing RTS game. Beautiful graphics and outstanding 3D space battles. Thanks so much Gerarbox!
76561198118937277,Recommended,244160,18699001,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Imotekh the Stormlord,"This game....This game brings me back to my childhood, where i was but a little noob in a vast sea of games, and this was the game that got me started...Gearbox software has just gained new respect from me, for remaking this beautiful RTSThank you, so much, for this beauty of a gameHOWEVER, both mission 4's on both game im finding extremely hard to beat, so sometime i cry tears of fustration.8/10would build battleships again"
76561197978295984,Recommended,244160,18749099,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,iqof20,One of my favorite games of all times remastered and delivered in excellent form.  Others should take note of how a strong storyline and score can make/break a title.
76561198014204764,Recommended,244160,15150665,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,MrPody,Let me start off by saying The graphics are absolutely beautiful and let me end with ....yes its worth the 35 dollars
76561198032477175,Recommended,244160,15153027,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,User14,Homeworld was a great game back in 1999..Its still a great game in 2015.Theres not much else to say really.
76561198070667620,Recommended,244160,15225677,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,den,A really good looking and challenging game
76561198025357523,Not Recommended,244160,14744502,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,WynKy,"Yes gearbox make a beatiful face, absolutly nice hair, smoothly skin, edgy nails, and more amazing stuf ....but..he forget bring soul of this game. (HW1R)------YES ? NO ? i dont know now if yes if no, HW2R its ok but HW1R soul is missing and it is sad becouse this was peace of art. lots of nice stuff and features in HW1R missing or be forgoten because GearBox use HW2 engine, yes GearBox chose eazy way to achieve HWR series but, but .... they forget to engine of HW1 is art, no engine HW2, no RNG make this game so unicate ... and so on"
76561198113870627,Recommended,244160,15246929,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,DragonANGL,"Very good game on its own, uncluttered by comparisons to the originals. For those saying that the originals were better, I slightly agree. I'd agree more, if the originals were *still* sold - and my CD hadn't been broken by an inattentive sibling in my teenage years. But since they're not, I'm forgiving all the minor errors because they DID take Homeworld and re-release it!"
,Recommended,244160,15250197,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Brithor,Awesome remaster of the space RTS classics. Worth every penny.
76561198023762406,Recommended,244160,15240062,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,新人XD,I remember playing the game countless hours growing up and now it's back. =w= This is so amazing!
,Recommended,244160,15241346,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,DiscoStu ..!,Looks great and recaptures the magic from the original games.
76561197996908166,Recommended,244160,15229843,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,mwb52888,"The first time I've ever played a ""Remastered"" game that truly feels Remastered."
,Recommended,244160,14792266,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Whizzard,"When I was a wee little lad, my first experience with Homeworld was Cataclysm. I enjoyed it immensely and to this day I wonder how could I beat it at the age of twelve. Of course when Homeworld 2 came out, I played it into bits. But I never played the original Homeworld.Now, finally I got to experience it, well not in original form, but as remastered form, imported into Homeworld 2 engine and prettied up. And it was great. I played both campaigns of remastered games from start to finish and had a blast. While I understand that with the transition to the newer engine some of the original functionality of HW1 was lost but it never stopped me from enjoying the Homeworld 1 part of the remastered game. Everything functioned and it was a blast to play. Oh and how pretty it is. Really. I think I killed several hours just oogling at the pretty visuals and exploring every ship model inch by inch.However, the Homeworld 2 part of the remastered collection is nigh perfect. While the ship models may not have gotten the same amount of attention as HW1 remaster got, they still look stellar and with the extra modern graphical options, I got even more oogling hours of it. Oh and the campaign of HW2R is just as hard as I remember it to be. When you finally beat a mission that was giving you a real hard time the feeling of accomplishment is real. I love it.As for multiplayer, not all is well there but that's why it's still in beta. The combined HW1 vs HW2 multiplayer needs more work but if you strictly stick to playing Kuhsan vs Taiidan or Hiigaran vs Vaygr, you will have a good time. You also have a good time with playing the races of HW1 against HW2 but it can feel unfair at times, especially when HW2 ships are fully upgraded. But Gearbox is hard at work balancing the races out, so by the time it exits beta it hopefully will be as fun as the rest of the collection.And if you really really want to get that Homeworld 1 feel back, it is included in the collection in it's original form.Also, missing from the package is Cataclysm but... I don't personally miss it that much. If it's one day remastered, great, if not, meh.Verdict:  Beautiful, plays well and has great value as a whole package. I definitely recommend it to anyone who has interest in experiencing the Homeworld universe and I really recommend it to Homeworld 2 veterans as for you there is nothing wrong with the remastered collection.PS: You can find on community hubs that people have had issues with bugs, glitches and crashes but I personally never encountered any, except in multiplayer. Few crashes while joining a multiplayer game and one case of AI controlled opponents being forever idle in a players vs CPU match."
,Recommended,244160,14792464,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,ebeneezerdahk,"As a Homeworld fan, I cannot help but recommend other people enjoy the spectacular visuals that Homeworld Remastered offers...However I was extremely disappointed by the sheer number of bugs in Homeworld 1 Remasterd of which I have just completed my first play-through! (haven’t played HW 2 Remastered yet - intending to play through Cataclysm again before)The sheer quantity of bugs in HW 1 Remastered is bewildering, and where as I didn’t encounter any truly game-breaking bugs I had to change my strategy to work around the problems in game.Its fair to say, that HW 1 Remastered is NOT the same as the original HW in game play terms due to these bugs.To name a few in no particular order:* The removal of Evasive tactics and the way tactics affect the speed and attacking power of all ships (WHY??!!?)* Ships set to passive tactics still aggressively attack other enemies they haven’t been instructed to attack, you have to Stop (S) or Move them to prevent them from continuing to attack (pressing passive tactics again does nothing)* Formations do not work, ships to not keep in formation when given instructions...* When sending some small ships to dock (with Mothership or Carriers) they fly off to the left or right and continue ""into infinity and beyond!""* Sometimes the move command just doesn’t work, press M nothing, symbol on cursor appears but it won’t do anything, same in Sensor Manager view* Sphere formation no longer forms a sphere around ships being defended or attacked, ships just clump-up into a ball (and get Rickrolled)* Credits roll, and there is some poor sod's name is blanked out due to a drawing of a ship dropped over his name* Final mission has a seemingly impassable invisible wall preventing your advance (tip: go around the side)* Cut scenes showing the Exiles on their epic journey from Hiigara to Kharak has my ships floating around with the Exile colony ships* Repair ships now have to close to 0 range to perform a repair (same as capture range) - these ships also seem particularly susceptible to getting confused and doing nothing (Loved longer range repair in the original game.)* Missile Destroyers cannot be told to bombard an area or mines for example* Cloaking is broken, without any enemy sensor units on the field, enemies see and attack cloaked fighters and lone Cloaking Generators* Capital navigation AI is abysmal, will refuse to move at all if another large ship blocking path, gets confused when assigning formations (takes forever to move into position, and not JUST due to the speed of large ships)* Capital ships with multiple turrets (Heavy Cruiser in particular) does not focus fire correctly (with side cannon in particular)* Bombers and light fighters seem far less effective against heavily shielded targets than in the original, I cite Mission 6 Diamond Shoals as evidence of this, don’t bother using bombers, defenders or any small ships in that mission is my advice (dock them or move off to the side).* Another note on Mission 6, small ships love to suicide against the asteroids, funnily enough the large ships Frigates and above do a better job of avoiding the asteroidsThere are probably other 'FEATURES' here I haven’t listed, the above are the main points that spoiled my enjoyment of HW 1 Remastered.My advice to others would be to hold off on playing until the fix some of the fundamental flaws such as formations, tactics and movement bugs.All in all a visually spectacular but disappointing game play experience.What the heck were the QA department doing, they certainly weren’t testing the game... With Remastered having been announced so long ago I find it difficult to believe these bugs were due to release scheduling???Thank you"
,Recommended,244160,14884987,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Fr33k,"Basically, it looks beautiful, it sounds great, but I was a (HUGH!) fan of the original Homeworld, and the game machanics in the remastered is just nothing like that.It feels like trying to play space armardas when your team are the kids in the junior football league. You tell them the plan, set everything up, shout support comments from the side line, and then just face palm because the second something happens you watch everyone just pile together (or do their own thing) creating battles that are a just a big mass without structure, tactics or thought for self preservation. Lines don't hold position, guards don't stay on protection details, and the the tactics option are just there to look pretty, it literally do nothing, finally good luck getting something to stop shooting. I believe this is what homeworld 2 was like, but i could never get on with that game either.So, in short, if you liked homeworld 2, then you'll probably love this. If you loved Homeworld, then after a few minutes you're going to load up the original to stop yourself from punching something. Luckily both are included in this package!Ah, what am I saying, this game is still amazing. If you've never played it you really should."
,Recommended,244160,14885475,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,shadow_bishop08,THIS GAME IS DA BEST
76561197970675870,Not Recommended,244160,14888306,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,HoLySmOkE,"Homeworld 1 is a great game in virtually all areas,one off the best ive played not having played the original,however its short! 15 mission short.Such as shame as you can see alot off effort has gone into the game and the remaster but its to small.Homeworld 2 i turned it off after 2 hours or so,i found it nothing but annoying,the flow off the original game has gone and you find youre self pulled from one thing to another constantly interupting the gameplay.I also experianced some buggyness with the ai ships in mission 2 or 3 not docking with the mothership.This isnt a good buy at its current price and recomend waiting untill its atleast 50% off in the steam sales,no doubt its a great remaster but its to short and homeword 2 is annoying and a bit buggy."
76561197976827169,Recommended,244160,14878862,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,wynand,Bloody AWESOME!
76561198150369677,Recommended,244160,14880422,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,lawmonkey101,"I remember playing it over a decade ago when it smashed the RTS mold by introducing 3D strategy in space.  It was the first such game to do so, and it spawned 2 sequels, but only one of the sequels is now remastered - where is Cataclysm with its over-charged seige cannons that bombard the enemy fleet from ultra long range - this was a cool feature.   I am now 7 missions in to the remastered original and it's just beautiful when run at max settings.I'm looking forward to playing Homeworld 2, but I would love the developers to remaster Cataclysm also as you get to play a different story campaign not set around the mothership."
76561197984077114,Recommended,244160,14890491,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,e_roc_2015,"When playing this game, i,am truly aboard the greatest mothership ever known to control the galaxie.."
,Recommended,244160,14892163,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Aces,"A decent rekindling of an old time favorite. Considering Homeworld 1 is over 15 years old this remastering is pretty impressive. Environments and models look crisp and clean, what you would expect from a game released today. No game has yet to match the detail that goes into the skyboxes which provide a stunning palete for this space game.  I will say thought Homeworld 1 is a bit buggy and plays a bit differently than it originally did. Though Homeworld 2 is just as it was and the remastered really shines for it. If you're looking for an RTS that is more macro than micro with an interesting story than consider buying this bundle."
,Recommended,244160,14892936,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,icewindofchange,"It took me a while to understand that this game works with open GL, but still.I liked new grafics, they are awesome, but.1) dinamic of homeworld 1 changed, everything got faster. It makes easier to capure them all enemy ships.2) controls changed, and I cant issue capture command on squads of enemies. Even though that enemy dont give much attention to salvage corevettes, its more microcontrol and lesst tactics. You had to at least distract enemy defore.I can live with that I guess. Oh, and in first mission you cant repair the crypods, so only winning tactic of saving every colonist is to have 6 salvage corvetes."
76561197981846382,Recommended,244160,14880250,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Wretschko,"The simple irony is that most of the negative reviews for HWR is that they were made by people who experienced the original versions of HW1 and HW2. And, for whatever reason, right or wrong, they took issue with HWR even to the point of downvoting this game, which I find to be absurd.I played the original Homeworld YEARS ago. Back then, I gave up in frustration after not even making it past four or five missions. It was THAT difficult.I just completed HWR1 and I LOVED it.Yes, the missions were still hard, yes, I loved having extra ion cannons and the occasional heavy cruiser as well.But for you downvoters to say that this version of the game is BAD because it didn't simply match up with your previous experience with this game is disingenous and insulting to those who never experienced HW. I have no doubt that a first-timer to HWR will be enthralled. Don't try to cheapen their experience by saying that the gameplay ""just isn't what it used to be.""Even the naysayers can admit that it stands up on its own very well and deserves the positive attention it has gotten."
,Recommended,244160,14996841,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Crypter,"If you haven't played Homeworld before, this an excellent place to jump into the series. This game is a trailblazer in real time strategy that no one copied, not even Relic themselves. Adding the third dimension to combat really opens up possibilities for ambushes, feints, and mobility. I hope that this remastered edition will inspire other developers.If you have played Homeworld 1, and you prefered it to Homeworld 2, then there's some things you need to know:The new graphics look gorgeous. The sounds have received a much needed overhall without changing their core essence. They definitely do not fall into the George Lucas Special Edition trap of too much remastering.But they've ported over the Homeworld 2 combat into Homeworld 1. Aggressive tactics no longer mean ""Go for long strafing runs and do as much damage as possible"" but instead mean ""Attack something if it comes into this radius."" That's a pretty big difference, since Homeworld 1 was very much built around deciding whether to sacrifice bombers for strafing runs.I assume they'll fix it at some point, but when I first played Homeworld 1, fighters tended to crash into ships an awful lot.I'm sure others have mentioned it, but the Yes soundtrack for the credits is missing, presumably because Gearbox couldn't get the rights. I was never a fan of Yes, but that credits sequence was really appropriate for the game.But yeah, if you like real time strategy, please play this game."
,Recommended,244160,14997182,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,robot accomplice,Everything I remember from the original with vastly improved sound and visuals.  Still a masterpiece.
,Recommended,244160,14997912,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Doomberries,"A few years back I had to really hunt down a copy of HW, so this is the greatest thing ever. The updated graphics are amazing, its hard to believe its the same game. A must buy if you remember this game. Hell this is my first steam review so that should say something."
76561198010734969,Recommended,244160,14999391,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Emperor Conairo,Homeworld for a new generation!  Excellent reproduction.
,Recommended,244160,15000405,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Gabriel Theodoulos,"Wow!  I mean WOW!  I have waited years for this game to be remade and returned to us.  THANK YOU GEARBOX! ! !Homeworld is the comfortfood of PC gamers.  It lit the fires of the imagination in the temples of inspiration for many of us older gamers.  It showed us what a PC could do with a 3D universe when all other games were still working with pixels and sprites.Now Homeworld Remastered has returned to us with higher resolution graphics, multiplayer mode, and the inclusion of Steam's famous Modder's Workshop taking a classic and bringing it into a level of gaming that can only be described as legendary.Save your pennies, boys and girls.  This is the game well worth the investment!"
76561197980404834,Recommended,244160,15001884,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,YanKarl,"Awesome, the best space RTS ever !"
76561198029718074,Recommended,244160,15002351,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Wywern,A good remake of a good game. Nothing else to say really.
76561197966145267,Recommended,244160,15041302,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,sandbag,Excellent remake of the classics. All the stars.
,Recommended,244160,15042496,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Azzanation,"Theres no amount of words i can use to describe this franchise. One of my all time faverite RTS games. I played this when it was released in 1999 and now played it again in 2015. The magic is still there. Amazing visuals, Amazing Story, Amazing Gameplay, Amazing Sound Track etc.This is up there with the likes of Half-Life for me. If you havnt played it and you like RTS i suggest you try this out. For its going price plus the classic versions included you wont be disapointed."
76561198125785785,Recommended,244160,15429183,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,JimTheWazard,"space right in your face! this game is incredible and has an awesome campaign and multiplayer,it's a must buy for all RTS loving gamers"
76561198018845533,Recommended,244160,15528203,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Colonel Shaeffer,"A digital remastering of one of the best and most unique strategy games of all time.  Some may find the pace a bit too slow as most missions and skirmishes start with rescource collection, scouting, and maybe some research, but the action is well worth the wait once it starts.  Every decision is weighty and the slower pace of large ships will make it very important where and when you commit them.  my personal favorite strategy is to goad my enemy into and attack and then hyperspace my entire fleet to ambush his mothership.  The remastered cutscenes are nice and the plot is even better than I remembered.  If you are an old homeworld fan,  I would give this a try, but the multiplayer is still in beta.  if youh have never played homeworld this is a must, it pretty much invented a genre and is sitll the best example of a strategy game set in the 3 dimensions of space."
,Recommended,244160,15774195,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,leonitus_magnum,BEST REMASTERING of a great classic. No Cataclysm unfortunately but that is more then ok accordingly I love the games back then. and even now the remastering has made my life a little more enjoyable.
,Recommended,244160,15781306,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Proper Verb Tense,"As good as or better than the originals. Graphics are updated and manage to maintain the beautiful asthetics of the game universe. The plot and content hold up, even if the control scheme is a little clunky.Well worth the price."
,Recommended,244160,15801671,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Helvetika,"I remember all the time I spent playing the original and its sequel years ago.  It was the first strategy game I had ever played where the story really grabbed my attention to the very end.  Now, years later, the remastered version is every bit as good and has given me an excuse to dive back into this delightful series!  Gearbox did an amazing job with this and I would highly recommend this game to anyone that enjoys sci-fi and strategy games.Pros:  Great story, awesome ship designs, beautiful scenery, fun multiplayer, solid voice acting, and being able to maneuver one's fleet in 3D space instead of on a 2D plane.Cons:  I have noticed one or two glitches thus far, but not anything overly bad or game breaking and I have to believe that they will be patching/updating the game in the future.  I also remember the original being slightly more of a challenge, but maybe it's just because I remembered enough of the original to know what to do during each level.I'd give this game a solid 9/10.  New players will find a deep, immersive strategy game with a solid story and players of the original game will be delighted top have a chance to re-experience the game with updated graphics and remastered audio.  It's well woth the money."
,Recommended,244160,14723781,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,神崎·H·アリア,"It is a really good collection of game although it is a bit tough. The third dimension brings more possibilities and new tactics. Moreover, the special effect is fine (I set the effect to the highest), but compare to games such as Crysis, the visual quality seems a bit weak. While I enjoy it, I found that there are still some areas to improve. For example, when the angle of view is upward, the pan of the camera is kind of strange. Secondly, it does not have a replay system. In other words, when I have a wonderful victory, and I want to review what I have done in that game, or I want to learn from the enemies' aspects, it cannot be done. But overall it is an excellent one, and in line with my expectations. Hope you guys enjoy it!"
,Recommended,244160,14724614,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Tatsuhoshi,"Homeworld and Homeworld 2 were the best real-time space strategy games ever made.  Every game made since then has tried to be them, and has fallen flat by comparison.I am, however, still on the fence about the remastered versions of these games.  While they are graphically beautiful, without a doubt, a much needed upgrade to the visuals of the game, there are some differences in the missions, interface, and unit actions that I simply do not like.The first thing that cheesed me off with the first game was the interface change.  While the interface for HW2 is, technically better, they changed unit behavior to match.  This is a huge problem when you assign a bunch of units to guard something important, put those units on sphere formation, and rather than surrounding the unit they are guarding and forming a ball of guns around it, they just sit there beside it in something akin to a circle and not being the defensive line you were expecting.  This is more a glitch than anything, because this tactic worked fine in the orignal HW2 (it was just harder to implement with the interface changes), and does not work at all in the remaster.Some of the missions are very different from their original versions, making them much harder than they used to be.  There's a mission where your warp coordinates are incorrect and you warp into a moving asteroid field.  This is where I would normally turn into a wall of guns in front of my mothership, but aggressive tactics doesn't work on the asteroids in the remaster.  In addition to this, you are in the asteroid field longer than originally, so you have to prevent damage to the mothership for a much longer period of time.  This may not seem like a major issue unless you've already built several super-capitals and warp into the mission with 6 destroyers, each a fourth the size of the mothership, and these are getting taken out because they will only shoot the rocks you tell them to and it is impossible to defend them and the mothership from damage, leading to huge attrition and losses that were pointless.Homeworld 1 and 2 were already challenging games.  There was no need to make it more challenging.  There was no difficulty selection back then.  Games had to be an acceptable challenge level right out of the gate with a smooth transition in their difficulty from the beginning of the game to end.  Putting players against BS odds is not making a game harder, it's making the player face BS.  There is a difference.  Don't believe me?  Play the first 8 levels of the original game, and then play the first 8 levels of the remaster.  Something will feel different and off.  While it may be prettier to look at, it simply won't feel as if you had as good an experience as you did the first time.For those of you who never played this game when it first came out and felt the disappointment of games that just weren't as good that followed, you are about to enjoy one of the greatest games ever made, whether you are playing the original or the remaster.  Perhaps I'm simply jaded from waiting for similar games to even compete with this one since the death of Sierra with no good alternatives.  Perhaps my expectations are too high.  I don't know.  I will still recommend this game a million times over any other space RTS.  Relic and Sierra, I salute you for the awesomeness that were the originals.  Gearbox, I salute you for attempting to live up to the originals."
76561198132457466,Recommended,244160,14724886,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Chakoi Freeman,"Awesome game so far..already finished mission homeworld 1 & 2.Even get some bug (like fighter not doing right formation like old version)the graphic and quality sound make me can forget about that.make fixed bug,regular update,balancing ship between HW1 and HW2 in multiplayer mode,new archievment,some goal like level and Exp or dlc for technology,rare ship(example dreadnaught :O) or empire.you will make homeworld community expand to another level.."
76561197984043165,Recommended,244160,14725220,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,drunkmain,"just awesom game.. thanks for the remake, i feel like a child again when i first tryed the original game long ago"
,Recommended,244160,14725858,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,AlexMiamorsch | Fencer,"So Homeworld (the original one, back in the 90s) was the first game I laid my hands on in my life. Basically, it got me into gaming and computers (as well as my future career in IT) in the first place.Back then I found myself watching my father play this game for hours and cursing the Heavy Cruisers taking down all of his frigates.I was way too young to understand how it works, but over the years I played it every now and then, untill I knew what to do. When Homeworld 2 came out I was 10, and immediatly fell in love with it. Seeing the remasters is like a childhood dream coming true.As for something on topic without poetry, the graphics are amazing. I personally think some textures could've been improved and I still dislike the engine trails starting way behind the engine - but thats a matter of taste, I think.Gameplay is as good as it used to be, some units in HWI now even have abilities to use. (That flak burst from the heavy corvettes, etc). Audio is as it used to be with some improved detonation sounds, the ships just look exactly the way they should. If you played the original Homeworlds, you will love this game. Play it like you used to play it. (Unless you always got your fleet blown.. ;))If you're new, it takes a while to get used to camera controls and keeping the awareness of whats going on, but that is usually mastered pretty quickly with common sense and some logical thinking.10/10, would buy again..PS: Can't wait for Complex Remastered. ;)"
76561198008431543,Recommended,244160,14727543,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Reaver,"I would like to say that gearbox did an amazing job remastering the games. They made them look as I imagined them when I was young. Yes they did switch the first to the seconds game engine, and yes they have tweeked somethings within the game that made it play kind of weird in-terms of latch on mechanics ,and weird pathing but all in all they did a good job. They made the game modern well still being the game we remember and loved. If they hadn't included a working version of the originals with the game the changes would have been a little upsetting but knowing that if I want to use the old mechanics they are right there to use It doesn't bother me at all. The other thing to remember is this. If this remaster does well we will likely see a futere for this game in terms of sequals."
76561198024996313,Recommended,244160,14727953,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,mistehmen,"The remastered collection delivers fantastic visuals and good voice overs with the same excellent plot and unique gameplay that made Homeworld a legend. The single player mode is a true jewel with immersive gameplay and captivating narratives.The online multiplayer features are still being developed, which is great since the OG series was very limited multiplayer-wise.Gearbox did modify some details about the original gameplay style and I think this is a negative. I am hoping a patch can be released in the near future that can bring back the old ballistics model as well as the usefulness of tactics and formations (the remastered series is a bit sluggish with in-combat unit management) in order to return to the true homeworld tactical depth while retaining the new visuals.All in all, a timeless classic and definatly a title worthy of any collection."
76561197978782798,Recommended,244160,14692345,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Corvus Dove,"Homeworld.  10/10.  That's the easy part of a review on Homeworld.  Just itself.   Yes.   Instead of giving a basic review, I'm going to compare and contrast the Remastered edition with the originals.   I haven't played Homeworld II RM yet, so this review is subject to update.   For brevity, we'll call these ""HW"" for Homeworld Game of the Year edition (1999) and ""RM"" for the Remastered version.  Also, Multiplayer is not reviewed here.*****HOMEWORLD 1*****1. Audio.  HW has always been known for its amazing sound and haunting music, and the Remastered version doesn't disappoint.  The missing highs and lows that made sound ""watery"" (due to early day sound compression) in HW are entirely cleaned up in RM.2. Graphics. HW's graphics have been heavily upgraded in RM, but the concept of using low polygon count models has been preserved; this is to prevent graphics problems in some truly huge battles, but mod makers may want to upgrade these further.   The textures used are beautiful and give the game a polished feel.3. Fighter tactics.  HW gave you direct control over fighter behavior.   You could choose Passive, Aggressive, or Defensive stances.   RM has this as well, but it doesnt' do the same thing.  Setting to Passive caused them to enter evasive maneuvers that could hold together a group of fighters that ran into a Missile Destroyer.   In RM, maneuvering itself makes no changes; only combat behavior.  This makes missions like Sea of Lost Souls require a new approach.In exchange, fighters seem to be more durable and the annoying ""fuel"" mechanic that could cause a fighter to be stranded in space has been removed (they work HW II style now).  This is itself a major change, as the Kadeshi Swarm (you'll know it when you see it) no longer requires fuel pods to survive.  They still exist to work as Support Frigates, though.   That completely changes how to approach the related mission.4. Capital Ships.   Capital ships seem a little weaker to bomber attack than they used to be, which is somewhat welcome.    They also move slightly faster and you don't need the same cloud of them that you used to in order to accomplish things.5. Difficulty.   HW took a unique approach to both cheaters and to people who had remarkable ability not to lose anything; the more you have, the more enemy ships will be in the next level.   This meant that cheating to add 90 Ion Beam Frigates or getting that many in the mission Bridge of Sighs turned the next level into hell.   You were encouraged to keep a small and manageable fleet but could go epic if you wanted.  This was handled differently in HW1 vs. HW2; it's now all using the HW2 formula.  This means the Kadeshi swarm is far easier than it was, and that if you are overpowered by the time you hit Sea of Lost Souls you are greeted by 30+ Assault Frigates.6. Formations.  Edit: Formations don't work once combat starts; the pilots fly like they are in HW2.  They're pointless and even cause problems.  Formations were once a major part of tactics in this game. Hopefully this will be fixed.7. Fleet Size.    RM implements the Command Point mechanics from HW II and severely limits your fleet to a realistic size.   Captured ships count toward the limit as well.  Great for continuity but you will recycle a lot more captured ships.The enemies seem to be limited by resources and their own Command Points now as there aren't as many of them in many scenarios, and it's possible to simply outlast the opponent into starvation by eliminating resource operations.8. Salvage Corvettes.  These get a special spot because in HW they really made the workhorses of your fleet, capturing half of your enemies and making them allies.   This is still true, but with some caveats added for balance.   Love them or hate them, they're there.A. Ships at a higher ""mission level"" than you seem to be uncapturable. An example would be Mission 3; any assault frigates captured in this mission are instantly converted into RU.B. Destroyed capital ships higher than Frigate class now leave salvageable debris.   Resource Collectors and Salvage Corvettes both can get them.C. No mass salvaging, you have to pick the right number of SC's and pick one target for them.D. Your defense fleet will ignore a ship has been captured if they were firing on it and continue to fire until it has been salvaged.   This causes a lot of ships you wanted to steal to get nuked.  This is hopefully going to be fixed in a future patch, as it vastly reduced the number of ships one can capture in an up-close fight.9.Special Abilities.   It was a common tactic in HW to assign a group of ships with a ""repair"" ability to something you want repped every time it is damaged.  The way to do this was to put them on Defensive stance and assign them to Guard the target.   In RM they don't seem to catch on that this means repair the target if it gets hammered; even a Support Frigate will instead fire its little pea-shooter at the attacking enemy.   Once the target is repaired, they will need another repair command if it gets damaged again.  This means micromanaging your repair fleet.   Hopefully this is a bug that will be fixed.On the bonus, some ships have new abilities.   The Scout, for instance, has a Speed Boost ability for getting out of trouble.  Dont' expect it to use it, however, without your command.10. Other changes.   One of the most notable changes from HW to RM is that HW gave you a choice between playing the campaign as the Kushan or Taiidan fleet.  You played the same role, but as Relic had no idea what gold it had on its hands when it made HW, they never expected to sequel, so canon was not a thing.  Whichever side you didnt' choose became the bad guys.   RM doesn't offer this choice, nor does it offer ship color customization like HW I does.   You will be the Kushan (which is canon) and the ship colors will be blue, white, and gray (also canon).If you are a fan of some of the old ""nifty"" things that ships did in HW1, you'll find those missing from RM.   The Kadeshi Multibeam Frigate does not roll when firing and its beams are now triangulated.   The swarmers dont' do jittery motions anymore.   Things like that.The original HW UI has been replaced with the HW II UI in RM, giving control continuity and allowing you to control manufacturing without losing sight of the map.   You can also issue move and attack orders from the sensors manager, which used to be exclusive to HW II and Cataclysm.Cataclysm is not included in this purchase.   It was not developed by the same developers as HW I and HW II and is only semi-canon.   The actual source code for this game has been lost.   It's my hope that a retelling of Cataclysm in a more canon fashion comes about as the next step in how Gearbox capitalizes this IP."
,Recommended,244160,14717812,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,lakku,"This is one of the best RTS-games ever made.I didn't remember it was this hard & deep learning and strategy. If you love a good RTS with great ambient feeling, amazing soundtrack and exciting gameplay, this is it. The remastering is amazing, no crashes and so on. Perfect launch.There's no base building, only resource gathering. This game is also about trial and error so you will lose missions and have to retry.After so many years I still got chills on the first mission cutscene. Go buy it now, what the hell are you waiting for?10/10"
,Recommended,244160,14718326,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,[CR] | Oldbilly,loved playing the original Homeworld when i was a kid and the remastered has everything that i ever wanted in it.i seem to only have found a few bugs when playing the HW1 remastered but what game does not have bugs.If you are a fan of gundam like space operas you will love Homeworld.
76561198063390145,Recommended,244160,14719358,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,supreme admiral xat'ho,for the true stratagy gamers
76561198082896207,Recommended,244160,14719556,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Gemma Lee Farrell,By god this game is exactly everything i remember from my childhood!Definetly a must own for any RTS fan
,Recommended,244160,14719573,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,kwspro,"Some niggling bugs aside, it's astounding how little this game has aged, atleast in terms of gameplay. This literally feels like something that just came out. Truly timeless. Now, if we can get the ball rolling on Homeworld 3, that'd make my life..."
,Recommended,244160,14719641,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Jared Wyn Arnold,"Absolutely amazing!As veteran HW1, HW:C and HW2 player, I'm super excited about this game. It has some caveats (e.g. the lack of the ballistics system in HW1)  but for a remaster it's pretty effing fantastic. Gearbox is addressing any issues that pop up and they're working on the MP Beta as well, so progress is going smoothly.Once mods and everything else hit in full force this'll truly be something else.I still can't get over the fact that when I booted it up, it not only hit my minds eye of what it looked like back when I was ~11-12, but it exceeded it in the best of ways. (As the remaster is based on the original creator's concepts and intentions)If you enjoy Strategy games and would love to add a masterpiece to your Steam list, Buy this.Afterwards, Play me and I'll trounce you. ;)See you in the void."
76561198063366155,Recommended,244160,14721836,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,ASAD,"Congrats on that remaster game, you guys did a great job,i love this game !i recommend it to everyone"
,Recommended,244160,14698317,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,aermeus,"While I typically am a responsible consumer and purchase games on sale or well after release...I purchased this game when it came out based on the reviews and quick looks.  I paid full price because I wanted to support a company that spent the time, money, and effort to do a ""Remastered"" game correctly.  They updated a classic visually and with quality of life improvements to the UI.  If you love the original, or even love strategy games, this is a must buy.  Support companies that do proper remasters rather than just a rerelease cash grab."
76561198006714408,Recommended,244160,14699129,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Big Dick Bazuso,Beat mission by organizing suicide squad of kamikaze corvettes. 10/10 would japan again.
,Recommended,244160,14699593,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,TheBeafer80,I HAD TO BEAT DIAMOND SHOALS 3 ♥♥♥♥ING TIMES BEFORE I COULD MOVE ON!Good game 8.5/10
76561198011394453,Recommended,244160,14699840,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,2ndrook,"Aside from the sensation of reuniting with an old friend and miraculously recapturing the magic held in the early hours of a sleep over spent hunched over a keyboard and mouse a decade and a half ago, this game is a work of art. An RTS unlike any other I've played, I am still entranced by the epic story that unfolds throughout.I highly recommend this game for any fan of Real Time Strategy, Sci-Fi, or simply curious about pillars of the genres released pre-millennium.The Remaster was tremendous and was still able to summon chills from familiar events and scenes."
,Recommended,244160,14699932,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Outcast,"It looks better then ever before. And i will recommend the game just for that.Be warned tho. Homeworld 1 Remastered is buggy (as stated before by others), and many features are lacking or not there anymore. So if you like homeworld 1, then don't get your hopes up to high. If you like Homeworld 2, then buy this."
76561197973282142,Recommended,244160,14699971,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,SteveMasterZero,Just as great as the first time I played it over a decade ago.  Its hard for old games to live up to todays standards but this game does so by the minor tweaks to gameplay bringing to par to today yet retaining the old nostalgic feel.  Plus cutting edge graphics help as well by preserving the beauty of epic space warfare that truly feels like its on the galactic scale.  One of my old time favorites and now a born again new all time favorite that will hold my attention for years long to come surpassing other games that have long fizzled out its replay value.  This is a must buy for any strateygy or sci fi lover.
,Recommended,244160,14700085,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Sofia Qyvalar,"The best game of the 90's, is now also the best game of the 10'sAfter 16 long years, I was finally able to finish the campaign. The way I felt was... beyond words"
76561197960462407,Recommended,244160,14699583,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Hark659,Remastered done right!*Sniff*  Beautiful Game Ever and Story are great!  Hell of a nostalgic.
76561198022770091,Recommended,244160,14701062,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,kalibos1,"Awsome then, super awsome now,  Homeworld 1 should be called  ship robbers, Back in the day I managed to rob every  enemy cap ship I came across, I thoughly intend to the same again, hours of fun. Homeworld 2 is my most played game of all time next to Diablo 2 (blizzard  shopuld try remastering that one eh?) I an hoping that some of the best mods port over.Being able to play homeworld one with this new UI is fab, graphics are stunning and the gameplay is just as good as the originals, Good job Gearbox, Looking forward to Ship breakers."
,Recommended,244160,14701091,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Kahn,So first impressions:My battlecruisers have never looked so♥♥♥♥♥♥hot before! Homeworld is a whole new lot of sexy with the core game kept totally intact (how do I resource again?!).
76561198058080228,Recommended,244160,14701139,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,stargateurush,the game is now working and everything is great would recamend the game i found out that a virus was messing things up disregard all bad things i said the game is fantastic and the mods r to die for one thing though to the guys makeing the mods the projanitor race the halo races and the star wars races please make the mods remasterd we have a remasterd game with no remasterd mods please make them remasterd thank u all and enjoy the game
76561197971879188,Recommended,244160,14701217,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,daren_hobbs,"I knew going in that Homeworld Remastered was recreated in the HW2 engine.  I just didn't realize how much of HW1 was defined by the engine.Strike craft act like they are flying around in the atmosphere.  They never fire in their retrograde.  Ships don't like moveing only on the X axis.  Formations do not work the same.The story is still there, but he gameplay is just not the same.  It's too bad....  If I want my HW1 fix, I still have to play the original."
76561198068993112,Recommended,244160,14701503,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Icecream,Relived my childhoodj.10/10 would do it again.
76561197968215762,Recommended,244160,14701616,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Derpie,"There are bugs and problems still to be ironed out, but in all in all, I have very much enjoyed my time back in Homeworld.I forgot how epic the music was, and just how wonderful overall the story of this space saga/opera is."
76561198092274428,Recommended,244160,14701951,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,TaterzNcorn,"Nothing but the best. Fantastic game. Love this even more than the original. 10/10.The awe inspiring detail they put into the atmosphere is bar none. Very visually stunning to the eye. The incredible amount of detail they put into the mother ships and others, is absolutely amazing. Thank you for remastering this beloved game. I will cherish it forever!! Can't wait for some good mods! :D"
76561197969782921,Recommended,244160,14702051,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Flatline,"It's Homeworld, with shiny new graphics. The ultimate space RTS. If you never played it the first time around, you need to buy this; the gameplay was never ever beaten, the story and mission variety is truly excellent, and the art direction is unique.If you *have* played it before: BE WARNED:At the moment, some of your favourite features from Homeworld 1 are rather broken. Formations, for example, do not work; your units will ignore them in combat completely, so no more flying balls of death with the sphere formation. Considering how a prominent a role the formations played in the original game, and how a simple formation switch mid-battle could turn the tide, this is a major issue, and one that really shouldn't have made it out of testing.Also, remember how you could capture all those assault frigates on the third map? Nope. Not anymore. Due to Homeworld 2's unit cap rules, you cannot capture a ship if you don't have the capacity. And you don't have the capacity, if you haven't researched it yet.Additionally, there are a few general bugs and AI mishaps, such as pathfinding being a bit dodgy (telling two support frigs to heal your ships will result in them bumping into each other and often allowing the ship to die), and engine sounds hanging (so you can hear a ship's engines really loud no matter where you are).In other words, in spite of the word ""remastered"", don't expect this to be *polished*. It's great, because it's Homeworld, but it needs some patching.That being said, despite having to launch the campaigns separately, the skirmish mode allows all content; you can play Homeworld 1 fleets against Homeworld 2 fleets if you want. Which is fantastic."
,Recommended,244160,14702429,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Anubis,"Hi,Great game  brings me back to my childhood..Now I remember why I never finished the game very Hard but I like a challange :) so I am hoping this time around I'll finish the game. Still love it though:)So if you are looking for a challange this game is it:)Only thing is I don't care for the controls keep hitting ""m"" key thinking it will bring up the map :) Note for being remasterd I was hoping the movies would look better.."
76561198118853038,Recommended,244160,14702496,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,knox8340,"I've always loved Homeworld back when it first came out I played it all the time. Only thing I've noticed so far, I launched Homeworld 2 classic and attempted to change my video setting, the game restarted and will not let me revert back to original. When I exit out and back in, it launches the game in the video setting where I can't change the setting cause the accept button isn't on the screen."
76561198003381569,Recommended,244160,14702747,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,valefor_sdad,"It's like Homeworld.....But REMASTERED!!!!!But seriously, its the BEST Mass Ship Fighting Game, redone and it is TIGHT.Happy I pre-ordered it."
76561198018520716,Recommended,244160,14758815,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,sonicstingray,"""The Mothership is under 'Light' attack"""
76561198159666967,Recommended,244160,14761811,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,RubenGam3r,"a 15 year old game that I enjoyed as a kid. What a joy to be able to see this great game dusted off and brought back to life.  I am also thrilled that it works on more modern computers, were as prior you had to use Rosetta Stone for mac etc... But well done to the team at Gearbox."
,Recommended,244160,14813263,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Robert'); DROP TABLE Players;,"The greatest game of all time.  I played this game over a decade ago. When I paid it I envisioned that this would be the principal of strategy games and everything in the future would be just as epic.  Sadly I have been left int he dust of so many civ like 2d space RTS games.  It has been a wasteland of 3d RTS games.  I've tried to survive on reboots of HW, with Complex updates from 7.1 to 9.0 surviving on the mod.  It was amazing for a mod and kept me nourished for years until reaching this nirvana of Homeworld greatness.  I have reached the oasis, but is is an oasis?  Or is it the civilization of splendor I have desperately wanted for.  It is great and I am quenching my thirst but I want more.  I want Homeworld 3, I want Homeworld 4.  I am ravenous for new installments with new foes and new features and expansions.  I only hope that gearbox does not just reboot this as a remastered only to move on to the next retro game but to expand on this wonderful 3d rts that was the principal of rts games and lay in dust all the 2d mimics that have charged $19.95 for garbage for the last decade.  Please gearbox, step up to the next level and give us what we have desired for generations!!!"
,Recommended,244160,14814037,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,The Talking Companion Cube,"Fun overhaul of one of my favorite 90s games. Sadly, as of this writing there are some significant bugs that prevents level completion, unless you do some levels in a very specific way (like on the Galactic Core level's ""destroy source of gravity field"" not being obtainable if you kill the gravity wells ""too quickly"".)There are a number of other smaller bugs, such as ships (especially destroyers) failing to stand down when set to passive mode, thus blowing up things your salvage corvettes are tugboating back to the mothership. The asteroid level oddly kills all your fighters (because they apparently don't know to fly around big rock things?) Fighter class ships now seem to be almost completely useless in general. Your squads also seem to suck at maintaining formations now. I get the impression that the cloaked fighters are also bugged / not cloaking when you toggle cloak mode. In general, this feels like a beta that was rushed out the door.If you can live with the bugs, it's worth a shot. The game was classic for a reason: good soundtrack, good voice acting, pretty good play mechanics, and a relatable and fairly interesting story.I wish they added an ""auto repair"" function to the repair ships, but oh well. An auto-loot all the resources button after clearing a stage of enemies would have also been welcomed. As of now, you still have to stick around (or go make a sandwhich or five) while your resource gatherers putz around rounding up the last few rock chunks on most levels.I like that I can still salvage the hell out of enemy ships to build my fleet."
76561197978011737,Recommended,244160,14815031,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Vondarkmoore,"Classic Game's, staying true to there original creation with some tweaks to there UI (mainly for Homeworld 1). but it was a brilliant game back in the day and still continues to be a brilliant game.Progressive level's where ships and income are carried over from your last missions.Really nice rendered 3D space, as in fully 3D, yep you can fly up, down, left, right, backwards and forwards.epic storygood multiplayerso if you like your strat games then i would say this is a great game to be had"
76561198094125962,Recommended,244160,14719733,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Wantedchaos2033,"I really wanted to play the remastered game, but unfortunetly my anti-virus software designates the start-up exe. as a trojan virus and deletes it. and if I turn off the software the game instantly closes..."
76561198109767277,Recommended,244160,14794956,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Gladius Delta,"My friend always braged about having Homeworld when I did not have it. WHERE IS YOUR BRAGGING NOW!!![Also, its very fun]"
76561198042996035,Recommended,244160,14802906,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Riles,Hard to compare it to anything else. I always felt this was in a class of its own
,Recommended,244160,14803041,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,augapple,"I really enjoy this game, only a few missions in and the nostalgia from the classic game is still fresh in my mind while the missions are running. The graphics and sound are much better and the camera zooming right in to see small details are fantastic.  I like the new interface and it is fairly intuitive. The only real negative it the I would like a new story line."
76561198080770405,Recommended,244160,14803372,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Wildcard1718,Great RTS with freedom that sins does not offer in my opinion. Must buy for RTS players.
,Recommended,244160,14805041,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Oh Jeepers,"For me, this is a dream come true.  I have been a fan of Homeworld since the game first released back in 1999.  It has captivated my childhood.  Seeing Homeworld come back with updated visuals has been an absolute delight.Despite the few wonky formation and flight issues in HW1R, the game is completly playable.I highly recommend trying the game out.  You won't be dissapointed."
,Recommended,244160,14706445,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,EndsBeginning,"Over All I must say that it's a Nice little upgrade I'm working on HW1 (as it's my favorite) and I must say there's some good points but some bad points too.Firstly the good points VS the origional:+ Graphics (and resolution) are FAR superior+ Fuel taken out, some may disagree, but I rember that as an annoyance where my interceptors would run out of fuel and just have to limp back to the nearest support ship at about 10% speed.+ Probably my favorite game of all time not being forgotten and left in the dustbin. I mean for a strategy game, just sit down and listen to the story. None have moved me quite that way since.+UI is Cleaned up It's a bit more useable than I remeber the old one being although...Now the Bad points (things that they did WORSE than 15 years ago)- Movement commands and camera control have been reworked, it's actually made it harder for me to move in #D space when I could just have hit a button to toggle moving up and down.-Formations are now almost worthless. Formation cohesion breks down the moment in combat, not to mention not all ships (repair frigate I'm looking at you, you should NOT be leading the charge into a pair of destroyers)-Stances are now really just a joke. It used to be that you could be in defensive stance and have your ships move a little faster and dodge a bit more at the expense of  attack power, and vice versa you could set it to aggressive for no evasion but really lay into your enemies. Now.... you just control if your ships auto engage or not... TBH rather pointless especially when some combat ships default to passive.-No time speed up. I guess I didn't Mplay it much, but I found that a VERY useful feature when mission hopping.TLDR They should have stayed true to the homeworld 1 engine, but it's still a fun game, even if it's only tied with the origional from 15 years ago. I'm sure that since the main focus was on 2 (can't figure out why. That one NEEDED the point defense mod or at least some evasive maneuvering) I'm sure that 2 will be far better than the origional, at the expense of 17/10"
76561197970688081,Recommended,244160,14706449,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,The Metal,"Having only played 3 hours of the game at time of writing, I can confirm that the game is essentially the same as Homeworld / Homeworld 2. This is certainly not a bad thing as I have extremely fond memories of playing both of the original games, they are of the very highest quality and there really is nothing quite like them knocking around today. The remastered editions seem to use very much the same audio and gameplay mechanics just with ""HD"" textures, particle effects, shaders and lighting effects. Whilst graphics are not the most important aspect of this game, the remaster really does make for a fantastically beautiful gaming experience. I've had one crash so far, which is fine but the game as a whole is just as fantastic as the original(s)...There have been a few tweks, most notibly to the AI and the UI and the games are probably better for it. They are still insanely tough (if you don't have the correct unit types going into a level then you are surely going to be blown to bits) but hugely enjoyable. Trying the multiplayer once I've finished both of the campaigns (again) just gives me more to look out for. Only drawback so far? No Cataclysm, but hey, you can't have everything."
76561197973593021,Recommended,244160,14707248,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Bigfeet76,"Remember playing this when it first came out and was like ""wow!"", and this new edition brings it flooding back!Even if you never played the original this game is an epic spce adventure.All we need now is the Catacylcm mod from the original added as DLC!!"
76561198050735756,Recommended,244160,14708205,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Starganderfish,"Good game but still badly buggy. What's with studio's releasing incomplete/buggy games? I can almost forgive that for samll Indy developers but a studio who payed this much for the Homewrold licence really should not release a Beta prouct as a complete game. Sounds regularly glitch out, leaving buzzing or crackling in the background. Keep catching glipses of ships before the jump in. The tutorial has a ""Press OK to continue"" prompt and a bright red ""OK"" button in the middle of the screen, but it just keeps barrelling through the instructions without waiting for you to press.And half-way through the second mission, my screen has gone black. Can still see the control UI and hear my ships being annihilated, but the view is black.Almost forgot - the control scheme is pretty akward. Right-click and drag, scroll to zoon and so on seem to be fixed to the orintation of the system eliptic, not your own view - drag up when your oriented one way, and you go up. Spin you view around 180 degrees and suddenly draggin uptakes you downwards. Really confusing.I never played the original - I owned the disk's but somehow never got around to installing them - so I couldn't comment on how accurate the re-imagining is, but reading the reviews, a number of popular features from the first where ripped out. Hopefully Modding will allow some of these to be fixed.In spite of the glitchy-ness it is a fun game and one I look forward to playing - but only if the y can actually fix these bugs."
,Recommended,244160,14708540,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Joarc,BEST RTS EVER!
76561197981214013,Recommended,244160,14708852,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,HPH Lush,"I like that it feels as HW1 & HW2, but as you can see it looks so much better. The gameplay is still solid and I will say even better than many other new RTS from today. Ive got some questions that it looks awesome but is it hard as Eve online or big maps like Sins of a Solar Empire? No, its not like them. You get the big ships and explosions, in a medium fast gamepace with easy control of your fleet on a map. Easy to learn, hard to master.The bad things that still can be fixed and I truly believe, is some small sound bugs. And the MP is as said in BETA.-Disappearing combat sound-Have had 1 out to desktop-Miss some filter options in MP-Wud love a 1v1 ranked-Miss replays-Some player drops in MPI believe that GB will give the support and development that it needs and then its gonna be one of those Complete Games that you cant miss if you like RTS"
76561198030379521,Recommended,244160,14708882,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Patches,"Just as beautiful, just as haunting, and just as much of a total blast as the original games. Couldn't ask for much more, except for a new CPU, a new GPU, a new monitor, and a new pair of eyeballs to fully appreciate the glorious 4K textures. Thanks, Gearbox. Sincerely."
76561198113753042,Recommended,244160,14709708,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,LIFE ALERT CRIME PROTECTION,REMASTER HW CATACLYSM!!!!!!!!
76561197980367727,Recommended,244160,14709929,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,LeoDLuffy,"I cannot belive how well this game holds up after all this time. Just goes to show if the gameplay is solid then graphics are easily remedied.This game has been tenderly and painstakingly remastered, you can tell the effort and the care taken in the thought put behind the little changes, for instance the integration of the build/research menu's into a UI overlay as opposed to taking you out to another complete screen, effectivly originally taking you out of the game and breaking immersion.The new graphics are wonderful, but honeslty I had forgotten how nice the soundtrack was, I was not sure that this had been upgraded until I took a look into the original version too, and then it hit me just how much had been improved.Not only does this pander to my nostalgia it also seems like a new game, as I had forgoten the story I could mention that it seems perhaps a little strange that after the events early on you are all of a sudden on the offensive against a seemingly overwhelmingly dangerous opponent instead of your own survival, but really the story is still enjoyable, Im looking forward to getting further into the game again and eventually getting to HW2 as I never got time to play it at the time, I may even take a look at the originals in full once completing the campaigns.If you like RTS and Sci-Fi and you have not played this I would strongly reccomend this. If you have played the originals....you will probably have it already!"
76561198005398452,Recommended,244160,14709293,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Azelkaeth,"The remastered version of HM1 is very pretty, but lacks many of the subtle gameplay mechanics that made HM1 such a great game. Gearbox dropped the ball on this one, as the remastered HM1 comes across generic and largely dissapointing on first play, but only if you are looking for differences in gameplay from HM1.The biggest flaw I have encoutered being the complete uselessness of strike craft if you don't micromanage.Largely ok, if you are not focusing on the difference from HM1.  I have yet to play HM2R, so also consider that.HM1R  loses some gameplay mechanics, but I felt the same frustration when I first played HM2 years ago. Yet it is also easier to use, due to better UI, and easier on the eye.HM1R is not HM1, but then again neither was HM2. All That is missing from this collection is an actual remastered HM1, HM1 engine but with higher res textures and a streamlined UI.HM1 8/10HM1R 7/10HM2: 7/10HM2R: ?"
,Recommended,244160,14710110,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Parasy,I like this game
76561198020146397,Recommended,244160,14710163,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Aaron,"What a great game! This is my first time playing Homeworld and I've started from the second one. Anyone looking for a decent new strategy game to sink their teeth into, this is for you. The story is quite captivating, with survival being the key word.One thing I'll say is that the controls take a bit of getting used to. It's worth taking a minute or two to learn the keyboard shortcuts and DEVS please fix the Dreadnaughts Docking until healed glitch..."
76561198013013011,Recommended,244160,14710220,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,MiniMe,"Absolutely incredible. Homeworld was my first PC game back when I was a kid and I lost countless hours to it, this remastered version has allowed me to relive my childhood and fortunately the game is every bit as good as I remember it. The storyline is still as epic as ever, the remastered textures and graphics just give it the final bit of spit and polish to make it a great game again. Heartily recommended for both those new to the homeworld franchise and those who played it back in the 90's. The modernised UI is clean, non intrusive and relitively easy to work once you've learnt a couple of the hotkeys.10/10 without a doubt."
,Recommended,244160,14710616,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Xuruk,awesome good old times with modern graphics
76561198060694214,Recommended,244160,14710674,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Metal Undivided,BREACH IN STARBOARD FUSION CHAMBER!
,Recommended,244160,14740870,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,ant_lion,"This game brings back many fond memories of my younger years playing the Homeworld series. Although the homeworld 1 UI has been changed to that of Homeworld 2 I find that I don't mind the changes. Other then that the campeigns are rather true to the originals.Campeign and skirmish modes are true to what I can remember of the originals and I find that the mixed HW1 and HW2 multiplayer seems balanced and the options for resource infusions, crates and derralicts allow play to continue even after you have sucked the resources dry."
76561198045943749,Recommended,244160,14741599,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Mr More Dakka,"Make no mistake- this is very much a remastering of JUST Homeworld 2, with Homeworld 1 elements thrown in (And Homeworld 1's full complement of campaign and skirmish maps as well). You could say Homeworld 1 has been Shoe-horned in depending on who you ask given the effects of Homeworld 2's engine on a LOT of the Homeworld 1 stuff.(Formations collapse the moment combat begins, strike craft and corvettes all now act under Homeworld 2's parameters regardless of faction, harvesting and repairing both require direct-connection between ship and target regardless of faction, research now always costs resources regardless of faction, and other changes Homeworld 1 fans might be turned off by. These are all changes that most likely won't be reverted, as they're probably more engine-based issues than design choices.)So if you're a hardcore fan of Homeworld 1 who either missed Homeworld 2 originally or absolutely hated Homeworld 2... Then stay away- as Homeworld Remastered will most likely only frustrate you.  (OR buy it for access to the classics... But if you're a hardcore fan you probably have the disc version- which honestly isn't hard to get running on Windows 7. Windows 8 I'm not as sure, but I haven't heard of it being much harder.)Barring that? Homeworld Remastered is a worthy return for the series and does its job well: it honestly makes me excited to see what Gearbox will do for the (hopefully) eventual Homeworld 3. They put a lot of effort into this- and its not just the graphics that show for it.The skirmish/multiplayer modes are definitely where Remastered shows its differences from Homeworlds 1 and 2 the most- and is the point where most of Gearbox's effort comes to the front. As much as Homeworld 2's engine might 'tarnish' the Homeworld 1 factions- the addition of them and Homeworld 1's maps spices things up considerably. You'll have to re-learn the homeworld 1 factions, since their balance is now completely different, but they match interstingly with the Homeworld 2 factions.And then there's the AI- at least on Expert difficulty. Homeworld 2 suffered from having incredibly boring skirmish AI- especially compared to Homeworld 1 which actually had some excellent skirmish AI. In terms of quality, Homeworld Remastered's AI falls squarely in the middle- not as good as Homeworld 1's, but practically stellar compared to Homeworld 2's original AI. It definitely seems that Homeworld Remastered's AI is based off of Homeworld 2's original AI- but Gearbox clearly put a lot of work into improving it.So even though Homeworld Remastered is MUCH more Homeworld 2 than Homeworld 1- its still quite recommendable overall."
76561198010597431,Recommended,244160,14741630,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Heliosvector,"This is a game like no other. If you loved playing the orriginal, Then you will love this. It truly is a remaster. I was a little untrusting of Gearbox when they bought HW. I no longer am. The game is beautiful, the effects are amazing and it still has the cinematic feel.Love RTS and Story driven games?! then buy this!! No other game has come close since in making such an emersive rts.If however you want to play online... Give this game a few weeks to cook. Their ""beta"" is at best an alpha. It has no Race balancing, races from HW1 lose to any from HW2 no matter what you do, HW1 maps have such little resources that you cant play on them and there is a bug where you need to have a password on the games NO MATTER WHAT! asnd the games crash all the time. This part is a disgrace since the orriginal online worked better than this.Gameplay 10/10audio 10/10visuals 9/10 (look amazing but nothing groundbreaking)"
76561197970795784,Recommended,244160,14742502,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Shatoon,Not usually one to be interested in Remasters but I've played this game many times some years since its original release. The soundtrack is second to none and completely absorbs you in the atmosphere. Homeworld 2 is good but still no match for its predecessor. Hoping for a Homeworld Cataclysm remaster in the future
76561198058800834,Recommended,244160,14744716,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Med,most under rated game ever
76561198072946051,Recommended,244160,14745078,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Tyindris,love it if u are a fan of rts games this is a must
76561198072355204,Recommended,244160,14745220,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,tbigcheese,No other 3D Space RTS game as good as Homeworld!Absolutely stunning visuals and an active modding community will futureproof this game for many more years to come!
76561197972562779,Recommended,244160,14746497,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Falcon,"I own the originals and played them all back in the day and was very excited to see the remastered collections on steam. While I did have a couple issues with black screens and one bugged mission I did not experience anything game breaking or disappointing that kept me from wanting to continue the game.I still love the music, graphics, and gameplay. I am not a jaded HW1 hardcore player, but just a fan who looks back at these wonderful classics and the memories and enjoyed and was happy and excited to recapture some of that old magic in an updated and remastered version."
76561198044933174,Recommended,244160,14755203,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Hashblunts420,Been playing this game for years and all I can say is:BEST SPACE STRATEGY GAME I'VE EVER PLAYED.Gearbox did an awesome job with the remasterMultiplayer is getting better too!10/10 Would kamikaze battlecruisers again
76561198032640382,Recommended,244160,14755954,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,cdx,"I was totally amazed hearing that this game is getting back into action - played it a lot during my studies ;) - and WOW, it is still awesome and I still love it. Thx for this remastered gem and keep up the good work!"
,Recommended,244160,14756227,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,hardkotian,"Back to the future!Real flashback to long-forgotten feelings!I'm happy to play the game which remains the exactly the same as you remember it, but it's not just an HD edition - it is purely Remastered. However, the gameplay still needs some improvements, i.e. can't laucnh specific ships group from carrier/mothership, can't attach fighters to destroyer with aggresive tactics etc."
76561198182122273,Recommended,244160,14758411,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Tayos,"Best RTS of its time, still good to this day. Only drawback is it needs more media exposure and growth of player base. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,244160,14786088,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Guttie,"I loved the Origional game,I love the Upgraded looks,I HATE they messed up a bunch of stuff such as formations and the physics, its what made the game so fun!!! not just another space game.formations dom't mean anything anymore."
,Recommended,244160,14787292,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Maverick,"Probably one of the best Space real time Strategy game of all time. The remake of this indefinite classic stays true to the francise while modernizing all aspects to be enjoyed in high definition on the latest machines with all new amazing graphics and visual effects. If you've played the originals and enjoyed it, you'll know why this game is top quality.If you've never played homeworld before, unline a game like starcraft, the gameplay is medium paced and calculated, but the campaign and story telling is on Par.They've really imagined an amazing universe and if you like science fiction and space, You owe it to yourself to play this game."
,Recommended,244160,14712449,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Dukes,"The company patched the game in a week, plays great, looks amazing, very satisfied.This was my Review last week..Very poor game, missions do not end, meaning you have to repeat multiple missions, $40 for what essentialy ammounts to a beta version. Do not buy until patched..."
,Recommended,244160,14788652,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Acid1216,"Awesome remake of a classic.  Has a few bugs, but will hopefully be ironed out soon enough."
,Recommended,244160,14790861,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,fdYkn,"I have played the both the originals 15 years ago and there where some tears of nostalgia running down my face during the furst mission of HW 1 Remastered. But i am not recommending those games because of nostalgia, but bacause they deserve it. Both games have been proper remastered and the price is high, but ok for this kind of work.Yes, both games (especially HW1) have their bugs but they are not gamebreaking (for me) and hopefully Gearbox is working on some bugfixes.So whats good and whats bad in my opinion?+ The new graphics are amazing, the epic space battles in HW2 Reamastered, with all the slow explosions of the massive ships and the sound while they do so.+ The epic storyline, which has no need of extravagant rendered cutscenes.+ The soundtrack and voices wich are both athmospheric.+ The real 3D-Battlefield- Sometimes the pathfinding of big ships is very annoying- Formations in HW1 don´t work the proper way, corvettes in HW1 fly like corvettes in HW2, but they shouldn´t because they work differently.- They resource collecting system is kind of useless, because you will get all the remaining RU at the end of the level. I sold my RU collectors after mission 3 in both games.Yes, the Remastered versions are far from perfect, but they kept their original charme from 15 years ago and maybe i am   a little biased bacause i loved the original games as a kid so much, but i will recommend anyway.If you think 32€ is to much wait some time for a sale!"
76561197964018517,Recommended,244160,14826529,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Zonik,"If you havent played this milestone in gaming, then you are truly missing out on something rather rare ;- a non-mainstream sci-fi game with a clever story, awesome style and a refreshingly old-school feel, without the clunky graphics or bad ui commonly found with older strategy."
76561198088039307,Recommended,244160,14829835,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,stealthassassin2009,"I'm really enjoying this remastered homeworld collection, i didn't get chance to play the first homeworld, the story is really good :) brings back good memories, you can find your self doing going into another mission when you intend to come off just because you what to see whats going on, then get too stuck in ;*)lolI would recommend this to everyone who enjoys RTS Space games, once you tame the camera angle and focus its really good fun :D anyways take care people stealth out ^^..,,zzZZ"
76561198019387413,Recommended,244160,14801862,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Rzt99,"Great Game. Great graphics. Best is, that u can move in 3d in Space. Feels like an simulation. Happy i bought this one!!!!Now i strated with Homeworld 2 Remastered. Really impressed!!!! Seems to be one of the greatest games of all time!!!!!!!! Great graphics, smooth gameplay. Sounds are great. Great feeling.♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!Never thought it would be this great!!!!  The command possibility during pause makes it perfect!!!!10/10"
76561198022009481,Recommended,244160,14815596,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,mackeychan,"Thank you Gear Box and BBI for aquiring, remastering and releasing these awesome two games. The Homeworld series ranks equally with my all-time favorites: C&C generals, World in Conflict, Dawn of War(s), Sins of a Solar Empire and War Game(s).I was never able to play the original Homeworld I (I couldn't get it to run) but I did play Cataclysm and HW II. I love the story, the cinematics and the game play.It does have a bug or flaw, at any rate by no means game breaking. The biggest of which I have found were from skipping in-game cut scenes, the game scenerio would not play out right, and you wouldn't be able to finish, or you would finish, but the game wouldn't acknowledge the finished objective. This only happened in a couple of missions and the most notalble being the 14th mission, with the field generators...Bridge of Sighs.Anyways I was finally able to play and finish HW I and it was super fun!!! I loved it.I really hope you guys put out HW3 , 4, 5, 6 +... And don't worry about remastering Cataclysm, just remake it! :DThanks again!!!"
76561198023645256,Recommended,244160,14691031,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Prawnkus,"One of the most beautifull games ever made, even before it's remastering.It is not only visually striking, but also musically and narratively engaging, thank's to masterful art and story direction. The presentation and production value is absolutely top-shelf stuff!The game might be based on a 15 year old title, and has changed very little, but it doesn't need to. Homeworld is still one of the most riveting strategy games of all time. The pace is slow, but manages to still feel unrelenting thank's to it's difficulty. Homeworld is a challenging game, that often forces you to take a step back and re-think your options.It is not only mechanically excellent, as it is also emotionally engaging. I will not spoil anything, but even as the game shows no animated characters and having intentionally subdued voice-acting, the game still manages to pull quite a few heart strings. This in large parts thank's to it's audio and music, which creates some of the most memorable atmospheres  in any game ever.If you consider yourself a fan of good storytelling, atmosphere, strategy or space games in general, this is an absolutely mandatory experience. The king is back!"
,Recommended,244160,14691234,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Jaeger Drachen,it's a bit wanky at times with the ai and i can't seem to get the mods working properly but alot of games are buggy at times even teh best out there. all and all it brings back fond childhood memories and i love playing it! i recommend this game to anyone! if you love the classics you would love this :D
76561197995562560,Recommended,244160,14691322,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,trooperdx3117,"Beautiful, runs great and brings me back to my memories of obsessively playing Homeworld in 1999.A few things have changed in the transition unfortunately but the classic versions are still there and for me thats worth paying full price on its own. The fact that we get a fully remastered HW1 and 2 along with the ability to play multiplayer again is fantastic! Buy this now!!!"
,Recommended,244160,14691415,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,IxxaNoMore,"So far, so good... Game-time doesn't seem to update properly, though."
76561197965529649,Recommended,244160,14691541,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Stocker,"I've only gone through Homeworld 1 so far, but this remaster is awesome. Sure it's got a few bugs, but it's such a great game. It's one of the few games where the audio and graphics can get my emotions running. Even more remarkable when it's an RTS game.When Kharak is destroyed it's real powerful moment and the voice acting is amazing, Fleet Command's detached voice is barely able to hold it together so Fleet Inteligence sounds like a trained professional struggling with what is happening. Fantastic! Now I'm off to play Homeworld 2!"
,Recommended,244160,14687737,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Nullr3z,I give it 20 asteroids crashing into my hull out of 10
76561198115783199,Recommended,244160,14691882,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,kenneth_teskey,"Game won""t launch tutorial single player just get to gameplay option sceen when I choose anything it just shuts down"
76561198026988923,Recommended,244160,14692027,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,mcoppa,"If you have never played this game, I absolutely  recommend you get it. The gameplay is fantastic and I have yet to find a bug that stops me from playing. Most complaints are from nostalgic fanboys and most ""bugs"" you read about are simple fixes.The formations work fine, the combat gets crazy but fun, and you can actually use tactics such as flanking, attacking from above/below for extra damage to capital ships, etc. And strike craft and corvettes are everywhere having dog fights and exploding. Think Sins of a Solar Empire with faster paced combat.The only issue I have found is the forums being clogged up with whining from this new generation of entitled gamers."
76561198030894642,Recommended,244160,14692289,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Nathan Fairy,Great game!
76561198032496205,Recommended,244160,14692360,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Zacfrost89,"I played this game years ago when it first came out , and had long since lost it to the gnomes or whatever steals game disk you don't play anymore. It is one of my all time favorites and the remastered editon gives it a good new look but all the same old fun! Right now I feel we are all in a good rts drought ...I mean the last good one to come out was warcraft III and that was over 10 years ago.  (starcraft is okay...just not great)  The decisons you make in the game will stick with in one way or another mainly because when you jump to hyper space the ships you have built go with you. Their are only a few things I feel could make this game better , and the biggest right now would be an auto heal option for support ships..(and that may exist it's possible i just haven't stumbled upon it yet). This is a really enjoyable game , so what are you waiting for hop in the mothership and jump into hyperspace!"
76561198020700307,Recommended,244160,14692592,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,nicolivoldkif,It's Homeworld with better graphics and working on new computers. Even with some changes and a few small bugs that need ironed out from the first Homeworld being ported over to the upgraded Homeworld 2 Engine I can not recommend this game enough.
,Recommended,244160,14694146,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Cafall,"The Homeworld games were always gorgeous, incredibly atmospheric games. Simple, yet engaging stories and the whole ""fleets carry over one mission to the next"" means you actually get somewhat attached to your ships.Now it's even prettier."
,Recommended,244160,14694285,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Arkhon,"Great GameThere are times you will get fruastrated and the ""Restart Mission"" button is there for a reason.Another great thing is your fleets and resources are concurrent as you play from mission to mission. If you're new bad decisions could cause you to have to restart at missions past."
76561197962513067,Recommended,244160,14694433,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,jash,Still the best
76561198079998059,Recommended,244160,14694644,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Dracoserpent,"Things go boom, preferably those things belonged to your enemies."
,Recommended,244160,14694655,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Arvinman,"Just finish HW1 remastered campaign awhile ago.I played all HW, HW:C and HW:2 in the past and I approve this remastered.Despite the fact that there are some bug need to iron out but it not that bad IMO. And I don't care those missing feature because of porting HW1 into HW2 engine. If you never play HW1 before you won't notice anything."
76561197969087845,Recommended,244160,14695877,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Jaydawg,"Loved this game before, and I'm glad its back, however there is a lot of bugs in the missions.  I've had mission objects fail show up in the objectives list, and multiple times so far I have actually destroyed the mission objectives only to be left waiting an eternity for the mission to end.  I'm sure the bugs will be fixed soon its just annoying.  I've waited a long time for this game to come back out!"
,Recommended,244160,14696494,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,sadakochin,"Beautiful game. It's one of those classics that demand a lot from the player in terms of time and patience. Also one of the games where you have to 'cheat' to win (overcoming that unit limit by stealing is the key)The remastered has better graphics, but I wished they streamlined the UI a little more. HUD scale does not work at all.Still it's a good remake considering the amount of rubbish remakes out there."
76561197992012621,Recommended,244160,14696796,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,SilverSight,"just got it first time playing a homeworld game once i got the camera views figured out its great,, this is going to comsume my week lmao"
76561198076168024,Recommended,244160,14695580,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Rashi,"Homeworld Remastered Collection is a beautifully remastered collection of Homeworld 1 and Homeworld 2 and the best remaster I have yet encountered.While the port into the HW2 Engine did break some features from HW1 (namely ship Formations) it still is a beautiful rendition of Homeworld 1.However, since it is not a re-developed game it stays true to the feel of the original game with some updates (better ui for example) but it also doesn't take advantage of all the possibilities of modern times.The gameplay and story of the original games has been kept and even 12/16 years later holds up very well. Probably the best RTS / Space RTS game on the market in 2015.As a nice bonus the Original Homeworld games are included as well and made playable (old games can be a pain to get running correctly).The pricing is very nice for what you get (2 full games + the 2 original versions as well), so it gets a ""Buy"" recommondation from me. Almost a must buy.8,9/10Comparison of Graphics:Homeworld 1 Classic:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=400479746Homeworld 1 Remastered(not max. settings):http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=400481763"
,Recommended,244160,14697780,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Jubs,"In you loved this classics this is a MUST-HAVE!! The multiplayer BETA has its bugs, but is still playable. Somethings are different and will take some minor adjusting. Hopefully programmers are listening to the community and gets things tweak, fixed, added, and subtracted. If you have never played Homeworld and buy this game i do recommend playing through the Singple Player Campaign. It a great campaign that, not only has a great story ( your homeworld was destoryed, seek revenge), it will also teach you the strength and weaknesses of each unit as they progessivly introduce them to you."
,Recommended,244160,14697819,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,SqueezyPenguin,"Amazing game, VERY STEEP LEARNING CURVE :'("
76561198030407476,Recommended,244160,14698026,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,ΜΟΛΩΝ ΛΑΒΕ,"I was a huge fan of homeworld's original release. The remastered version definately did it justice. My only complaint is that, at the moment at least, there is no longer a military parade formation for your mothership's escort. I am sure however that it will be added again soon either officially or by mod. 9/10"
,Recommended,244160,14730415,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Mr MeeSeeks,very happy with the game just finished the first homeworld only had one time were screen was jusr blank.but i would recommend
76561198070798187,Recommended,244160,14730653,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,jappleby,I only discovered the Homeworld franchise quite by accident a couple of years ago and was frustrated just trying to get a copy. Some original buyers were asking upwards of $100 just for Homeworld 1! Even so I was blown away at the time of the depth and gameplay which no other game came even close to satisfying.  Understand please if you will I always thought the original was decent enough for graphics but then came this newly remastered version from Gearbox...breathtaking IMO! The game does seem better in gameplay...yet I cannot pinpoint exactly how...but it just feels right. To get both versions remastered in beautiful high res plus the originals all for $38(Cdn) is an absolute steal! No I do not have the hundreds of hours..(yet) but I did spend a fair amount of time the first time around and probably will get into the hundreds of hours of gameplay here especially once the modding community gets things going.  I think its amazing that a game released 16 years ago can truly stand the test of time and yet nothing has even come close to matching the gameplay herein. Anyone sitting on the fence should just dive in...money well spent!
76561198011021469,Recommended,244160,14730874,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,ratzbarry,"From my point of view excellent remastered from Gearbox side. I really love space RTS games, unfortunatelly there isn't so much on the market available. I have played the early versions end of the nineties and could't wait the release date of the remastered version.For all of you guys who are interested into minimum system requirements. I`m running Homeworld Remastered on Win 7-64 by using APU of an AMD A10-7700K @ 4000 MHz (16GB DDR3 1600 RAM), high texture settings, AAx4 and without any additional external graphic card.The game runs around 40 FPS, at least a good result to have some fun by playing this cool game on a low budget pc."
,Recommended,244160,14730533,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,BlaezeL,"Homeworld was a formative experience for me when I played it 15 years ago. Based on the first 3 missions, I think Homeworld Remastered recaptures its atmosphere. Concessions were made when the first game's campaign was ported to the HW2 engine and these differences may detract somewhat from the experience for those of us who were touched by the original game. However, I would still recommend the Remastered Collection for interested newcomers and veterans alike. In the worst case, you can still fall back on the original game that is part of the package.As I have never got around playing Homeworld 2, this will be a great time for me to continue the journey (as soon as I manage to spare some time for it). I have no hope for the sequel to get anywhere near to the brilliance of HW1, I don't think the Homeworld formula will work well for an invasion story, but I am still very much looking forward playing it."
,Recommended,244160,14731111,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Feanix,So much nostalgia. If you want to relive these games then this is a great way to do that. It plays the way you remember them being.
76561197986049411,Recommended,244160,14731267,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Sakota,Great classic game.
,Recommended,244160,14731458,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,minibeas,"It is hard, but man is this game fun. Sure it has a few bugs, but there is a development team still working them out and there is also one hell of a modding community behind this franchise. If you do not pick it up now, pick it up on a sale, but pick it up. This is one of those classics that every gamer needs to play, just as they have played Super Mario Bros or Ocarina of TIme, or Final Fantasy VII. This is a must buy for the PC."
76561198005637932,Recommended,244160,14731573,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Tony,"Had a playthrough a few years back, still was my favourite RTS game, still is. Thank you Gearbox for doing this. The remastering is brilliant!I envy all the new players who will get their first playthrough now tho, as i did 15 years ago :)"
,Recommended,244160,14731882,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,kennet0508,What an amazing overhaul!This is truly a master piece!there are a million billion reasons why this is worth all your moneys!now for the badMinor issues with bugs ive noticed at day 1- [Homeworld Remastered] Sound looping when zooming in on ships - Fix is to enter/exit menu. resets the sound- [Homeworld Remastered] 1 CTD Unidentified reason- [Homeworld 2 Classic][Modded Complex 9] - Missing engine trails when zoomed in maxHopefully this will be patched
,Recommended,244160,14732519,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Tolarian,"Man, this game right here. I still remember finding it at walmart when it was first released and being captaviated by the story and beauty of the game. Now that it has been remastered I can relive this all again in amazing glory and detail, perfectly preserved and playing just like it did when it was first released. Aside from a few bugs with formations which should be fixed soon this game is a game I can play for hours and not get bored from it."
,Recommended,244160,14732551,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Jade Emperor XII,I played this game many years back. Really nice to play back again with the improved graphics.
76561198074702341,Recommended,244160,14698548,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,MrKepponen,"As a fan I would recommend this game, only downfall is spacial key Z. it says activate spacial skill to like heal pushing z+cover that field by using mouse dont work. To heal multible units is now bit hard.Still Graphics look like good like 16 years ago ""one way of saying""Also units dont say what formation they are commanded to, they dont go sphere over one unit, what sucks.(this is on Homeworld 1, havent tested that yet).But If u like space and good game its your choice.. U cant still find this game from somewhre and update so its works on win 7 alike.. Grapsh might be ""for modern standarts"" crappier but this game is worth it!If U check out comments down to Corvus, I agree with him most of the cases about this Remake."
,Recommended,244160,14736945,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Paul,Brilliant updating to the graphics
76561198015892406,Recommended,244160,14817089,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,[SFG]Sniper,"So far this game is awesome, and I love everything that they have done with the remastered version. Awesome Job guys, hope shipbreakers is just the same or little better."
,Recommended,244160,14685755,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,MadEngineer,<3
76561198047307085,Recommended,244160,14685781,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,*****user,"i love this game, there is nothing like it. would love to see a battlestar galatica and star wars ot mod.  im excited to hear the orginal team have a new title coming, hardware:shipbreakers, although it will have a new name.  please make homeworld 3 too!"
,Recommended,244160,14685793,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,starbomber109,"I'm a little bit irritated that some of my favorite ship behaviors were changed, but the graphics, sound, and overal quality of this remaster put it into a special place in my heart.  The interface underwent the most change, basically the whole game uses the HW2 interface, which means you don't have to swap out of the action for a moment.  You don't have to change screens to enter the build manager or the reserch manager.  If you love RTS and never played homeworld before (which is likely if you were born after 1990) give this game a shot.  Blaze a trail across the galaxy and find home!I also can't wait to try out this multiplayer, right after I beat HW2.  I loved the first homeworld, but I actually missed Homeworld 2.  Homeworld 2 was a game I had desprately wanted to play, but could never find, until RIGHT NOW!"
,Recommended,244160,14686027,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,pCruise,Guud game u know
76561198031913155,Recommended,244160,14686194,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,tyler_partridge,"10/10 A+++I never write reviews but I had to jump on this one.  I highly recommend this Collection.  Getting both of these amazing games beautifully remastered for around $30 is a steal and a must-buy that I cannot recommend enough.I was half expecting a 16 year old title with a fancy paint job, but instead these feel like games that were originally deveolped this year.  The sound quality, textures--everything, was done fantastically.Now, let me pre-order Homeworld 3!"
76561198008225110,Recommended,244160,14686784,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Tremor,"The original Homeworld is my favorite game of all time, no joke. Look at my avatar, it's been that since day one.Specifically, the singleplayer campaign was... perfection, everything I could have wanted as a gamer. Needless to say, I have been quite looking forward to this remaster. Keep in mind this review is from the point of view of a player of the original. Though, it IS relevant to all players.I mostly like it. The multiplayer, even in beta, works well and seems to run good. It's neat, though I'm not sure if balanced, to have faction from both homeworld 1 and 2 fight each other. But lets get down to what they, in my opinion, did right.-The graphics are eye porn, straight up. So pretty, and it still all looks like Homeworld. Perfect visual overhaul. I specifically noticed how much better Homeworld 1 resource collecting and missiles looked.-The story seems to be a perfect copy, and the remastered voice-overs sound exactly the same in terms of inflection, and the music is still spot-on. The atmosphere of the game is as flawless as the origonal.-Karan S'jet. Nuff' said.Now, I have two main issues, and I'll address them seperately.1. The homeworld campaign should not require resources for research. It throws off the delicate timing of how soon you can afford to build ships, as well as just makes things more expensive. In the classic I could have a much larger force at the end of mission 2, but now I'm relegated to a few measly ships because I lose a significant portion of my resources (like 10 ships worth) to researching previously free upgrades. I understand in multiplayer, but for the campaign, it can't be that hard to edit a file and adjust research costs to zero. Seriously.2. This is... a big issue. It would appear that the AI controlling homeworld 1 strike craft is severely broken. Specifically, ships don't hold formation in combat, and homeworld 1 corvettes seem to just be unable to align themselves in such a way that they actually hit anything.Here's an example from mission 2:If you played the original, you know heavy corvettes in wall formation will WRECK. When I assign this as an escort and an enemy fighter shows up, they should all turn, in formation, and concentrate fire for tremendous effect.  In this remaster, they stop, turn themselves perpendicular to the enemy, and all fly off in random directions. this allowed every single enemy to quite simply fly by my expensive fleet of corvettes without taking a single hit.I suspect this is a result of some issues related to unifying the homeworld 1 and 2 engines, but this combined with the research issue has completely soured my experience replaying the campaign, and I no longer want to since I can tell it will be nye impossible to complete with such severe drawbacks.Also, it seems like HW1 missiles are less accurate now, not sure though.That said, I recommend this because the multiplayer and homeworld 2 campaign are flawless as far as I can tell.I hope they can patch the strike craft AI issues, though patching AI to that extent post-release may be more than one can reasonably hope for. Time will tell if this issue gets patched."
76561198021919358,Recommended,244160,14686828,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,lordravenknigth,This bring back so maney very fun and best fight in space that i reminder play form the old verion of homeworld i am gald i got a part of my kid hood back form this remaster i recommend this to all that all rts and space fights be well out there and have fun to all you home homeworld fans and thank you gearbox and all that people who make this remaster this best work i see form a very awsome game thank
76561198096033674,Recommended,244160,14686885,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,slackdoggydog,Great game
76561198011949824,Recommended,244160,14686927,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Tiaga,I like space... I like games.....I like homeworld..... HODAR!!
,Recommended,244160,14687098,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Victorenta,Old concept with better graphic!Every feeling from over 10 years ago. First impression again!
76561198029292538,Recommended,244160,14687129,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Questionable Meat Products,"I do not regret this purchase at all. Homeworld 1+2 are games that have survived the test of time, and even after beating the single player campaign, the skirmish mode remains entertaining. Especially if you explore the modding side of the homeworld community.10/10, I hope Gearbox takes this and roll with it straight into Homeworld 3."
76561198021770876,Recommended,244160,14687231,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,joanray_64,"Never really played homeworld (shame on me :)), even though i iam a big fan of space rts (for example star trek fleet ops).If i like this game?YES! Its aweosme!"
,Recommended,244160,14687308,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,johndillinger1932,It's a great game. Multiplayer Beta is buggy as all hell. constant drops. starting fleet wont hyperspace in. It'll all get fixed eventually though.
,Recommended,244160,14687746,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,[907] Hollfraendi,"It feels so good to have this game again. I remember the hundreds of hours put into this game and time lost in space. God I am so ready to do it again. Definately recommend this to any RTS fan, its true to its core."
,Recommended,244160,14688160,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,was_fired,"After beating Homeworld Remastered I understand why the original is such a classic.  The gameplay has aged gracefully and the updated graphics are still a pleasure.  Combat is interesting and doing well in the campaign often requires thinking about the best way to approach a given problem rather than a simple brute force solution.  That said, gathering resources after missions end is a drag, but the reward in power for it is worth it."
,Recommended,244160,14688353,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,SirSCope,really nice work on the remaster
,Recommended,244160,14688387,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Purps™,"It has some issues, most notably that the HD versions MIGHT NOT WORK VERY WELL on certain hardware(it's certainly not running as well as it should on mine), but it's still Homeworld, and it's still more or less playable. So I don't know. Worth getting if you don't have the games, haven't played the games or can't get the originals to run on your OS."
76561198126921022,Recommended,244160,14674253,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,lepakyla21,"Great game, do recommend."
76561197996096137,Not Recommended,244160,17341385,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Dragon,"Hopelessly broken clickfest, controls are broken your forces are aimless tourists.  Nothing like the original.  Only die hard fans would defend this.  Naive to believe they will fix it, they only know how of a hammer.  Save your money for something, almost anything would be more useful."
,Not Recommended,244160,17359340,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Mofuji,"I wanted an actual, proper remastering of Homeworld 1, not a HW1 overhaul mod for the inferior HW2 engine, which not only breaks so many behaviors and basic functions, but also nerfed the enemy AI to the point where the campaign is a joke. If you prefer HW2, then hey, this is right up your alley, but as it stands, the only way to get a true HW1 experience is to play the archive copy included."
76561197982987444,Not Recommended,244160,17272277,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,dan.croft,I was so disappointed in this game. I love the premise and story but the controls are a total mess. You can easily select units and group them but once a battle starts it all falls apart. Ships are no more then dots on your screen so you cannot differenciate between them. Its a mess.The other issue is controlling the camera. you cant move it around in 3D space as its teathered to the 2D plane that runs through the level. Its just a pain to work with.Theres a reason no one has tried to remake HomeWorld. Without nostalga the game systems are pretty lousy.
76561198014620156,Recommended,244160,17059927,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,V4YGR3,"I love the homeworld series.played The classics back when it just was released (HW2).seen this remastered and i was happy to see it comming up again.Sadly its still buggy as hell.startup menu works 50/50 chance.otherwise ya gotta restart.they couldve given the models more work.sonds they are mostly having no nice smooth curves.and yeah. they gotta update this game for once.the menus keeps crashing for some ppl.but in overall, a really good remastered.voices and cutscenes are very well done.sometimes its really hard throughout the campaign.while building is going slow and ur getting attacked.its not for beginners i say xDsoo practise ALOT."
,Recommended,244160,18267813,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Markz0r the Saint,If you liked the original homeworld you definitly need this!
,Recommended,244160,18291941,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,☜☆☞ MMA ☜☆☞,"The most beautiful settings in a strategy game, the background varies, from the empty pitch black void of space, to the core of a galaxy clouded in a nebula, shining like a sunset. The gameplay is kind of slow, maybe because I'm really bad at it.  The battlefield is 3 dimensional, you mine resources from asteroids to fuel production, and you fight with an array of different battle ships. The animations and battles are really something. The singelplayer is fun and beautiful also, although I'm yet to complete it.A lot of thought went into this remake, and you should watch videos of it on youtube.Would recommend."
76561198077170092,Recommended,244160,18271638,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,leeto89,"There is not a single game to date that I have seen that can match the sheer scale that is this game. A true RTS masterpiece and one of a kind game. Beautiful to look at in more ways than one, this game offers eye candy galore from the amazing remastered graphics to the detailed ships which look amazing on closer inspection, to the glorious battles that ensue when yours and enemy fleets collide, this game is everything you could want in a space RTS. Sit back and enjoy the carnage as your ships tear through enemies or micromanage to your hearts content, especially with the help of the sensor screen, either way you are in for an amazing ride. I wish steam could reflect the true amount of time that I have put into this game. I can remember spending hours upon hours testing my mettle against opponents in HW2.Getting this game is not something you will regret once you are acquainted with it. Relatively simple, but by no means lacking depth, diving in is easy to do. After a few bouts against a CPU player or a playthrough of the campaign, you will be on your way to becoming a maestro of mayhem, with spaceships as your instruments and glorious, beautiful, large-scale battles as your masterpieces. This game is like nothing you have played  and will keep you coming back for more everytime."
,Not Recommended,244160,16107819,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,BlackStarr911,"Steam really need to add a 'Meh it was alright button' anyway.Its a good game with visuals that are pretty damn great and pretty fun to play ect.But i don't think its worth the price tag.Get it on sale.I decide if a game was a good buy or not, buy assigning 50p (about 75 cent) to every hour I spend playing the game. After playing it for a couple of hours ill be lucky to get £15 ($23) worth of game time.But iv bought worse games for alot more money and there might be a bit of replay value to this if multiplayer ever picks up.But all-in-all, Im giving it a thumbs down because i don't want you to waste your pennys/cents.Sorry, not sorry."
76561197962289127,Not Recommended,244160,16108184,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Drenzul,"Some good points some bad ones.Graphics are prettier e.t.c.But some really bad bugs introduced, like where all your ships decide to sit, dead in space for 30 secs, refuse to move or respond to orders... they just sit there.... Which is really bad for fighters to be stationary next to large enemy ships....Other than that, a good HD remake.If they fix the bugs, I'd recommend it, but till then, I'd pass. The bugs are just too annoying."
,Recommended,244160,16110475,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,popie26026,finally i get to enjoy homeworld again and so far it has not disappointed me. enjoy the remastering of the classics as well.
76561198184685398,Recommended,244160,16292298,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Slashy McStabby,"I'm geeking out after playing just a couple of hours of this awesome game once again.  It was great back in the day.  It is great now.The sound tracks were great then, and it's the same so its like a trip down memory lane there... and the music is a trip. ;)If you don't like RTS games then this is not for you.  If you kinda like RTS games, and you like strategy, then this game IS for you.The updated graphics are awesome.. WELL DONE,The nice touch for this updated version from 1998 are the new NPC combat chat dialauges :D"
76561198209976396,Recommended,244160,14719864,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,BagelGrenade,"This game is my first one in the genre, and I'm glad it is. ABsolutely amazing."
76561198104224393,Recommended,244160,14720464,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,SparraNova,"Diamond Shoals, ♥♥♥♥ that mission. It's litterally an hour of nothing but manually targeting asteroids and blowing them up.Otherwise this is awsome, I'm actually kind of impressed that they left something like Diamond Shoals the same."
76561198078643583,Recommended,244160,14720692,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Scourge,Absolutely beautiful. Rather buggy. Hopefully will be patched. Still worht it if it's not.
76561198008301235,Recommended,244160,14720717,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Xenophon,"TL;DR - At the end you lazy bum!I am biased.  This game is a major part of my childhood, and to be honest, I was worried it would be less amazing now than it was ten years ago.  My fears were unfounded.Gearbox did a phenomenal job remastering this incredible story.  The gameplay is fun without being incredibly complicated, the three dimensional aspect of the game adds a great deal of depth to the combat and strategizing if you so choose, and the growth of your fleet as time passes all forms a well rounded experience.But that's not why we play Homeworld, we play it because there are few stories in science fiction that are told in such a compelling and heart wrenching manner as the story of the Hiigarans.  Words can't describe how immersive this games campaign is.Regarding the multiplayer, it's still glitchy, but that is to be expected when merging two games over a decade old so people all over the world can play it together.  So far though, when it works, it is remarkably well balanced and fun.TL;DR - Solid gameplay, incredibly compelling story, multiplayer has potential and I look forward to it's continued development."
76561197970414428,Recommended,244160,14655605,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,George Duff,"Damn you gearbox for doing a great job, apparently according to some because Gearbox was doing the update it was going to be a buggy, altered, cash cow.Unfortunatly for the Gearbox doubters it turns out to be a faithful update which keeps all the nostalgia, great gameplay and gives it a big 2015 graphics and UI pollish.Great game mechanics that worked and GB appear to have not tampered with them.All round great"
76561197961556313,Recommended,244160,14656341,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Maverick/EpicRaidBoss,"Best Remastered/HD remake I've ever seen.  Even if you have never played the original, this is a definate must buy."
,Recommended,244160,14656348,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,DeusExMachina,"This game has solid music, story and atmosphere, the mechanics make you feel like you're in the most intense battles of battlestar galactica and it was made and then remade by people with a passion for their game and it clearly shows in the effort that went into it.I recommend this game to everyone who enjoys this type of game."
76561198006546542,Not Recommended,244160,15164728,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Pilton Stickwood,"Fair amount of bugs for a ""remastered game"" is quite dissapointing. 50% of starting new missions crash game. Issue persisting for 2+ weeks now."
,Not Recommended,244160,14801668,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,badfrog,"Yeah, the remaster is well-done from an audio and visual standpoint, but the multiplayer is a mess and the HW1 campaign has multiple game-breaking mission scripting bugs - I'm stuck on the 5th mission myself. I'm disappointed and I can't really recommend this until current issues get resolved... good news is it's being patched regularly, so I'll check back in a few weeks.UPDATE -It's been about a month, and no updates since 3/23. I'm assuming where we are now is where things are going to stay, and where we are is this: this game is Homeworld *2* Remastered with a Homeworld 1 *mission pack*. Which is something I find rather disappointing, actually."
,Recommended,244160,15214999,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Nemesis271989,"Homeworld Remastered has very small competitive community. I should warn you that they are not welcoming noobs. Good game I should point out.Pros.Interstting game, 3d space to explore new tacticsFairly easy to run on a computerInteresting, and confusing campaignCompetitive multiplayer is fun, never know where your enemy is going to appearCons.Not welcoming communitySome Lag/Bug issue with formationsA bit slow on big mapsBalance issues with Kushan, and Taiidan factions"
,Recommended,244160,15112677,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Nebula,So happy with this remaster. Hours of fun and I get to relive my childhood.
76561197970909097,Recommended,244160,15169825,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Mosquitech,"Thinking about games you used to play, makes you feel all warm and fuzzy inside of nostalgia. However, in your mind these old games keep up to date with all the newest graphics.The reality of it is actually a bit disappointing and replaying them again, leaves you disappointed and wishing you didn't just destroy this warm and fuzzy feeling.Homeworld has a really warm place in my heart and remastering this game, gave me the possibility to relive these wonderful experiences again. I love it!"
76561197970135530,Recommended,244160,15126950,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Dovadjinn,Best space RTS ever what can i say. and now i can play it with HD textures! the multiplayer is buggy as hell but still worth it..unless...it really is not because every game you crash.. ok ok .. it is still worth it.
76561198023420475,Recommended,244160,15132468,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Paranormalcactus,homeworld remastered are you a rts fan? are you a fan of huge fleet battles with smaller dog fighting in between? if yes to any or all of those then you are fool if you dont buy this now! the sheer magnificence of this game almost made me weep on the outside of course i wept on the inside but thats besides the point.anyways this list is based off my initial impression of the game.pros:fantastic smooth graphics.sleek and sexy user friendly interface.great remastered music though it seems that when battle isnt going on there is just 1 song playing?easy to learn difficult to master.good story so far.colorizable ships with selectable emblems.working multiplayer.the original games are still here except for cataclysm D:.homeworld is now digitaly eternal.cons:cinmatics/movies arnt affected by volume sliders if you have your base computer volume maxed out prepare to have your ears violated.assigned groups do not stay in formation after a fight.no home world cataclysm its sad really im sure the devs could reverse engineer a copy of the game or just rebuild if from scratch with the owners blessing of course.kind of a steep price of 35$ as of this review post i think this would be better priced at 25$ or 30$ the only reason i payed full price for this is because im a huge fan of the series and played it sometime after cataclysm came out.first person cockpit view isnt here that was half the charm of the original games being able to see things from the point of view of the fighters. devs consider adding a cinmatic or movie mode like from star was empire at war.so would i reccomend this? unless your a rts nut who loves space battles. then i cannot reccomend this at full price. otherwise if you are then buy it now youll get your moneys worth i promise.p.s. to the devs for the love of god and all that is holy hand this ip over to the guys who write star trek or someone who knows how to write a decent show and turn this into a scifi show please.
76561198055445860,Recommended,244160,15134042,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,I really wanna die,"great game, developers and modders are pretending it doesn't exist, also WE WANT PILOT VIEW."
,Recommended,244160,17387969,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,The King Himself,"I have been looking for a game like this since I was about 10 years old. Now I can say that i have found it:A space RTS with huge scale.(I'm currently playing Homeworld Remastered)Campaign: You play as the Kushdan trying to escape the vice of the Taiidan Empire,each mission tells the story of the Kushdan mothership and other smaller ships, and their journey to the edge of the galaxy, and away from the danger of the Taiidan. Some mission offer variety, such as shooting asteroids to shield the mothership from damage or fighting off swarms of small pod ships that hail from a alien race in a nebula. I'm stuck on a difficult mission right now but hope to finish soon.Player v Computer:Basically the same thing as Skirmish in other RTS games. Choose a race. Choose an enemy. Destroy the enemy capital ships and Mothership. Collect resources. Have fun.Extra missions: Unlocked as you progress through the Campaign. One mission included has you destroy an enemy convoy.Soundtrack:Made by (god knows who, I don't care really), and reminds me of EVE Online and FTL music put together. Music changes depending on the combat situation of either the mission or your units in the battle zone.I give Homeworld Remastered a 9/10 (and I'm sorry I didn't review Homeworld Two Homeworld one has swallowed enough of my time :) )"
,Recommended,244160,17506849,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,AMCHEC,"Definitely the best remaster I've seen! The Homeworld games are fantastic RTS's and are part of video game history in their own right; however, this wonderful, care-filled remaster brings them into the modern day. The mechanics are just as great as they were but now you can enjoy quality graphics to accompany it. Pick it up if you like spaceships, strategy, and having a fun time!"
,Not Recommended,244160,17202634,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Manimal,"I am a huge fan of the homeworld series having spent numorous and incalculable hours in the trilogy. However, currently HW1 has been dumbed down extremely badly.HW11) The repair vessels no longer autorepair and their range has been crippled terribly!2) The salvage corvettes AI has been damaged too, and the result is you have to micromanage those ships.3) Ship AI in general is a bit sluggish4) HW1 remastered has a bug where you can't get into our get out of the command overview screen.5) The last is a bit picky as you can no longer edit your fleet colors or choose which race to play in the beginning.I love this game but until a patch comes out I can't give it a positive review and since I have to make a choice it goes negative as this near perfect game needs some polish."
,Recommended,244160,17203037,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Broseff Stalin,"Its great, end of review."
76561198002734607,Recommended,244160,17297077,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Beckett,"This  such an amazing upgrade for thos classic that it makes it even better !Amazing graphic improvement and as before we get sticked into the game untill it ends, you even get a sad feeling when the game reaches its end in the final mission....Awesome game play , I have found no bugs of what so ever, the Homeworld that we new looks like a 2015 game just released and its worth every minute and cent you pay for it !I didn't enjoyed so much a game for a long time as I did with this remasterd HomeWorld collection !A must have for the  player that played it before and the ones that love Strategy games !"
,Recommended,244160,16947596,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Seetth,"Old times RTS... One of the best, I really hope they can find the source code of cataclysm."
,Recommended,244160,16948946,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,BabbageUK,"The Homeworld franchise was one of the few series of games I completed and, more astonishingly, kept going back to and finishing again and again. Few games hit the sweet spot between atmosphere, empathy and sheer joy. These were among them.So how does the remastering match up? In all honesty, it has a few problems. They are minor, very minor and to be fair to the developers - anything less than perfection was going to be unjustly highlighted. None of the problems are show stoppers; sure - you have to micromanage your fleets a little more, sure - sometimes they get a little carried away and don't do precisely what you tell them to do, but hey! This is Homeworld! Remastered!I can forgive a lot more than the minor infractions this game has because the developers took the time and effort to raise a classic from our past and give it new life. Without that dedication, we wouldn't be here talking about these fine games. So thank you.Found the source code for Cataclysm yet? ;)"
76561198030751455,Recommended,244160,16427994,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,deabury,
,Recommended,244160,16253030,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,RyokoMocha,"These game are awe-inspiring, breathtaking, epic, majestic, and altogether outstanding is only barely adequate to describe the Homeworld series.  I have been playing them consistently since 1999, when the first game originally made me catch my breath in wonder, and the very first thing I've done upon getting every new computer since then has been to install Homeworld 1 and 2 and test them out on the new hardware.   Even if the gameplay wasn't as incredible as it is, the graphics and animation of the games would still make them worth playing, and even if the graphics weren't as spectacular as they are, the grandeur and scope of the story would make it worth following along to the end.  But amazingly, the simple yet intricacte controls, the joyous gameplay, the stunningly beautiful visuals, the angelic music, and a story worthy of ancient Greek epic poetry are all equally amazing, complementing and complimenting each other to create a whole greater than the sum of its parts, and the parts are so incredible that this is an accomplishment worthy of masters.  This is the Homer and Shakespeare of video games.The original Homeworld was amazing, with compelling graphics just abstract enough to feed the mind the perfect amount of information to create an impression greater than what was actually presented on the screen, the perfect method to create a spectacular effect despite the limited capabilities of the computers of the day.  Homeworld 2 was even better, taing advantage of a few years worth of increased computing power to make a game that gave me the initial impression of an actual cinematic experience.  The Remastered version takes those increased visuals of Homeworld 2, applies them to both games, and improves upon them even further, adding such detail that you can see the actual gunports and cannon on the fightercraft, Resource Collectors actually trail billowing clouds of vented excess gasses when they are full, and every craft has blinking running lights.  The full effect is such that the actual in-game, real-time animation is on par with, if not better than, the pre-rendered CGI visuals of '90s television shows such as Babylon 5.I cannot recommend these games highly enough.  I consider Homeworld and Homeworld 2 to be among the very best video games ever made, equalled only by Castlevania: Symphony of the Night and perhaps Metal Gear Solid.  Everyone who has any interest at all in commanding a fleet of starships needs to own this game.  Actually, that isn't right... everyone who owns a computer should have these games.  For those who truly want the full experience, I highly recommend researching online for the background information about the Kushan and their epic story as told in the booklets that came with the 1999 Game of the Year Edition (if you aren't fortunate enough to possess actual copies) and then you will understand why their journey is an epic of religious proportions.Buy this game."
,Recommended,244160,16254023,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,cmdrHawk,"this is the game of my child hood. I love it! i love the sounds the textures the story and even the voices. it is the game that has most impacted my life. I cannot recommend this game enough,"
76561197964283502,Recommended,244160,16788291,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,SCS_DEATHSTRIKER,"Heck yeah I recommend this game.  It was the first game to have true 3d and 360 degree space enviroment.  Attacks can come from anywhere.  I played the originals.  And now I'm playing the remastered.  Couldn't be happier  :)  .Effects are great.  (Originals were great for their time, remastered is awesome !)   Love the fact mods from the workshop are so easy to install, simply subscribe and they automatically install.  Already grabbed Stargate Mod and Star Trek  mod.Plan on grabbing more.If you play the single  player story lines of these games you will not be disappointed.  The stories draw you in.What are you waiting for?  Grab the game and play it for yourself."
76561198006604120,Recommended,244160,16800483,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,jcobus,"Overall, an improvement on the original- shame about the minelayers, though..."
76561197972363966,Recommended,244160,16070249,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Glinlor0,"As good as the orignals and graphics are flawless, runs smooth with out a uber system and great fun of course, I write few reviews this one is worth it."
76561197972138867,Recommended,244160,16081494,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,ViolaJay,One word.  Beautiful.
76561198154853589,Recommended,244160,15048350,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Lost Reaper,this is a great game but how do i get the halo mod i see all those pics but i dont see the mod any way i definaty suggest playing this game alot of good mods for it and challenging story mode i love it.
,Recommended,244160,15036546,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,RedWinters,"Welcome home.The Galactic Council recognized our claim to this world.The sacrifice of thousands has left a trail of destruction behind us,like a path across the galaxy …… to Hiigara, our Homeworld.So much destruction, so many lives lost, for this game.A place of wonder to those who knew only the sands of compatibility  mode and Hamachi.Our colonists were released from their long sleep.All symbols of the old empire were destroyed.But the old days will never be forgotten.A celebration marked the beginning of a new time For this game.Welcome home Fleet Command."
76561197997402504,Not Recommended,244160,15052772,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Aged OMO,"I played the original Homeworld, mostly multiplayer, and it was one of my first online gaming addictions.  It was awesome.  When I heard it was being updated to play on modern machines with better graphics, I was really excited.  Then, I read that the game was going to use the HW2 engine ... red flag.First, the graphics are gorgeous.If you have never played any of the Homeworld games or were a fan of HW2, the Homeworld Remastered Collection will likely be very impressive and, for those folks, I can actually recommend it.If you are like me, and played the original Homeworld game (particularly multiplayer), I think you'll be disappointed.  Many of the game play mechanics from the original Homeworld are gone.  Remember corvette wall, supported by support frigates? Not happening.  Formations don't work right.  Support frigates do some odd latching thing rather than trailing behind.Multiplayer has all 4 HW races from both games and balance is proving to be a major challenge.  Again, if you loved HW2, it'll be familiar.  If you preferred the original, you're pretty much going to have to learn a new game (and one that you most likely won't like as well).Multiplayer stabilty is improved over HW2, but still has some issues.  Gearbox has released 2 patches to date and they seem to be trying to address bugs, stability and balance issues.  They've done a lot a good stuff, but it isn't the game I knew and loved.If you're an original Homeworld vet and haven't bought the game, you might want to wait a bit and keep tabs on the Gearbox forums to see what direction the game is headed."
,Recommended,244160,15056062,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Feinnewedd,This game is a masterpiece i just love hiding the HUD and watch all the glorious awesomeness happening in the screen definetly recommended for fans of the genre.
,Recommended,244160,15028771,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,JunkPhu,"If you have a love for space battles, this is the game for you. Granted it can take time to finish a large game with the opponents hiding outside of sensor range and the micromanaging can be intense, but it is a thrill to see the pryotechnics, the dog fights, and the glorious space environment work, even if your rig isn't the greatest in the world."
76561197998129001,Recommended,244160,15029844,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,ForceUser,"If you are new to homeworld, you will find immense pleasure at the depth of the story, the quality of the music and voice acting and the sheer scope of this remaster. Homeworld 1 and 2 was far ahead of its time when it released back in 1999 and 2003 respectively in terms of gameplay mechanics, ship design, UI and story.One thing that it did lack back in 2003 was support after launch, even compared to what was the norm back then. This seems to have been rectified with Gearbox having already released two huge patches within a month of release. These patches have fixed a ton of techncal issues players have been having and they have now started on focussing on the balacning as well. They have also taken a lot of player feedback and implemented them already and this bodes very, very well for future support. The devs seem comitted to improving the game.Pros:- Epic storyline from both HW1 and HW2.- Includes both HW1 and HW2 classic, now made so they will run on Windows 7 and 8.- Combined MP with both HW1 and HW2 races able to fight against each other.- Amazing Graphics, Voice and music remastering. Every model has been updated and retextured.- EPIC Mod support with developers publishing multiple mod tools and helping players getting their mods up off the ground.- Extensive graphical options to make the most use of whatever hardware you have.- Very good patch and technical support.- 20h-30h of single player gameplay with 3 different skirmish/multiplayer modes and all maps from both HW1 and HW2.Cons:- HW1 veteran players who did not like HW2 will be dissapointed that they used the HW2 engine.- The HW1 end theme song is missing due to liscensing issues.- Multiplayer balance still in Beta.- Some audio scripts are still a bit buggy (Last mission of HW2 is missing a song and Mission 3 of HW1 is missing an audio line)If you have never played Homeworld and like RTS games you are doing youself a disservice with not grabbing this game."
76561198203160263,Recommended,244160,30502314,Posted: 13 March,all,daniel.gingrich,I want to find a new RTS but nothing stacks up to Homeworld Remasered. This game is so good that all other RTS are now unworthy of a place on my hard drive. I simply want to say well done. All who had a part in making Homeworld Remastered and many of the mods deserve some serious respect!
76561198061905330,Recommended,244160,15073672,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,TITANS!?!,"""dude play this and listen to the halo 3 soundtrack it totally matches like most of the time""- Archimedes, probably"
76561198049456409,Recommended,244160,15077668,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,priceto,this is homeworld. anything else?
,Recommended,244160,15078095,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,CFrank,"Ever wondered what a REAL remastered version looks like? Well look no further.Pros:1)Graphics are superb2)Little to no crashes/bugs ""at least for me""3)Did i say it looks awsome?4)Same but yet inproved UI.5)Now you cant play all 4 races in multiplayer.6) Music goes exellently well with the combat.7)THE ADD ONS ARE AWSOMECons:1)Muliplayer is on beta (not rly a con but its not balanced to its fullest yet)2)Medium multiplayer communityFinal thouts:BUY IT if you love RTS.HW Remastered reviewhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rpgojcd5NN0&list=PLI8peXqEerfQxpxaq6oAVo4WTUBds0Bpk&index=2"
,Recommended,244160,15067524,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,GilbN,Probably the best remaster of any game yet! Awesome story and sound!
,Recommended,244160,15067969,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,OMNOMSUSHI,This game was a big part of my childhood. It's like a dream come true to see a refreshed version of this series.
76561198008058846,Not Recommended,244160,15069015,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,gravesii,"I regret having purchased this. Yes, it's pretty. That is about it. Taking off the homeworld nostalgia goggles, the AI is so horrendously god damn stupid and incapable of following basic commands, between firing AT the ship you repeatedly command your fleet to (not, say, the random space trash half a map away) or CEASING FIRE at a ship you are trying to capture despite repeatedly slamming on the stop button and passive stance toggles, I think gearbox has managed to make the AI worse, by an order of magnitude, than the original game. I am beyond disappointed. I had such high hopes for this remaster, but between formations being completely useless and the ai being ABSOLUTELY AWFUL, I cannot reccomend this unless you want to raise your blood pressure."
76561198016042569,Recommended,244160,15070231,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,uraki,"Visually, this game is an amazing update of the original. There are some minor mesh issues with salvage; single sided faces and the like can appear to disappear but this is a minor thing and does not interfere with gameplay.  I find it hard to play at a strategic level since you want to be as close up to the individual ships as possible and admire the work put into them.  Since modding has been part of the design, I can't wait to see what the community develops.Because Homeworld 1 is utilizing an updated version of the HM2 engine there are some changes to gameplay in HM1.  Exampes: hyperspacing in matches does not maintain the tactical formation of your ships.  Repair frigates no longer repair multiple ships, it must be selected and directed to one ship at a time.  Certainly nothing that breaks the game but does modify strategy if you're familiar with the original.Sound is great, it's just as wonderful and immersive as it was when it first came out.I do wish i could run the game full screen. I currently run Nvidia Surround (5760x1080).  The game does support that resolution and there is no real performance hit for doing so.  However, several parts of the HUD are elongated horizontally and cutscenes are resized to fill the screen width.   Also turns into a lot of screen to cover in order to get from one side of the UI to the other.  In a 1920x1080 environment there is absolutely zero issues.  I do very much like the ability to scale the UI.The Remastered Edition is a wonderful update for those seeking nostalgia.  For those new to Homeworld, I think you'll find a beautiful RTS with an interface that's easy to use and a very modest learning curve."
76561198019471090,Recommended,244160,15070981,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,evolutionfq400,"I never had a chance to play the original Homeworld so the Remastered Collection was my first experience with this genre. The quick thing I noticed was the high quality sounds of combat and explosions that accompanied all of my battles. Coupled with updated graphics this made the experience so much more enjoyable. Every battle I engaged in was like a high quality lightshow filled with laser beams, flak turrets, missile explosions and jet streams trailing my fighter and corvette class units. Homeworld is definitely worthy of its praise and my money."
,Recommended,244160,15071653,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Overrider,"Recommend it from bottom of my heart.Played the originals back in the day, the remasters are as good if not better than the originals, not taking into account the graphics of course.Yes there are bugs, yes there are problems but so were the classics back in the day, so i don't see a problem here.The campaign is perfectly playable and enjoyable so is the MP. Those saying that HW1 units are very weak compared to HW2 units , well, i tell them go learn the game. HW1 races have a few tricks that help them come on top of the HW2 races even after HW2 units get full upgrades ( field frigates,nudge nudge hint hint????)"
76561197966953825,Recommended,244160,15057724,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,[M]Miles,"""...And on the stone was etched a galactic map, and a single word more ancient then the clans themselves: Hiigara, Our Home.""The best space rts is back, and it's still kicking some space a.s.s.(frigate)."
,Recommended,244160,15061715,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,MvN iGod,"One of my favorite RTS games is Homeworld, I am wicked pleased with the results of the new Remastered.Buying this comes with four games, the classic Homeworld and Homeworld2 with the new Remastered Homeworld and Homeworld2Personally there are now thumbs down for this game it's amazing!"
76561197970433715,Not Recommended,244160,15158338,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Vormulac,"I loved Homeworld and played it and played it until my pc was upgraded past the point at which I could still run it. I was overjoyed to see the remastered edition on Steam and bought it immediately.Let's be fair, the graphics are nicely uprated in line with today's games. The sound is good, the interface is smooth.But...The ships are no longer functioning as they should. They don't do what you tell them to do, they don't conform to formations or tactics - vital elements of this game! You can't cant change the unit designations for ships so forget any kind of mid battle logistics.Support units don't support, they just sit there! I don't remember the enemy having the psychic ability to sniff out your ships when you used flanking maneouvres either, they're like bloodhounds now so forget stealth or indeed anything other than a frontal assault and just hope for the best with your freshly nerfed ships.I could be imagining it as well, but I'm pretty sure the interface used to zoom out more than it does now, many times the only way I have been able to select or target units is to go to the nav map because they were beyond the ability of the game interface to zoom to.So no, virtual heresy here but I would *not* recommend anyone buy this game. A magnificent, glorious classic brought low by a very welcome but poorly executed attempt to bring it up to date.Guess I'll be dusting off that old Windows98 machine in the corner after all..."
76561198059838543,Recommended,244160,15163431,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Apollo,"Briliantly orchestrated Space Opera, with slow game mechanics early on to really help you jump right into the fray. Lovely for pick up games to serious campaigned. The creates really spent their time polishing this to near perfection."
76561197965715267,Not Recommended,244160,15285738,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Mega,Fly your ships for half an hour only to have them stumble around each other like a comedy from the last century as they are picked off.
,Recommended,244160,15286127,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,vladfrenkel,"One of the best games of my generation. Along with Xcom(all), Dungeon Keeper(1/2), Fallout...This is iconic game, and great HD remake."
76561198018847918,Recommended,244160,15208445,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Syther,"Homeworld is an amazing game, without a shadow of a doubt. Whilst i may be biased since this was a real game of my childhood, it holds up better than any other space rts out there. There is only one problem; the campaign, the triggers to continue a mission are not the most well implimented and lead to the only option being restarting it. this is the only negative. The UI, great, the graphics, beautiful, and the combat phenominal. This is one of my favourite games of all time"
76561198007145508,Recommended,244160,14772229,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,KHAN,Bin begeistert! Still one hell of awesome game!
76561197994305016,Recommended,244160,14772296,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,pelt12,"The Homeworld 1 remaster is different in many different little ways. Forget that your original HW1 tactics will work. You will have a different experience playing it, and you will have to rethink everything that used to work in the original. Other than that, it's a feast for the eyes, and the ears too. A no brainer for fans of the original, and highly recommended to kids who never heard of this game before. Party like it's 1999!"
76561198009021672,Recommended,244160,14774302,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,kharfud,"Hi.In short,i don't usually write revievs.This is an exception.I loved homeworld since i was a child, and what you guys managed to do with it is simply fantastic.Best game ever designed, with a/v brought up to the standart of 2015 graphics.I'm basically re-living my childhood years,and thats all thank to Gearbox.I just can't thank you enough. I've got the Collectors edition with the Mothership stand,beautifully crafted.As up to now, this game has only one flaw. It does not include Cataclysm, my most favorite campain. But to make a long story short, this is worth every penny spend on it.You never played/heard of homeworld?? NOW is the time :) Thanks Gearbox~!!!!!!! 10/10"
76561198086566175,Recommended,244160,14656691,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,deputy631,"What a disappointment, this game was not ready for public release. I have never been unable to play a steam game... :(Update: The patch for homeworld now allows me to play the game. I guess better late than never."
76561197981352349,Not Recommended,244160,14775382,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,realmidnight,"I can't recommend it right now.Sure it looks good but the game in this current state is broken. You'd think it's still in beta!Formations are useless, no evasive tatics, ressources collector sometimes can't move foward...The new UI is horrible. Especially the build, launch and research UI. You want to scroll down the list with the mouse wheel? You can, but it's gonna also zoom out the camera in the background! The worst I think is the launch menu. Instead of having a clean list sorted by types, you have individual picture of each ship with no text description!I'm uninstalling this game for now. I'll carefully monitor the future updates. I hope to reinstall it someday and enjoy it as it should be. And update this revew.In the meantime, I'll enjoy Homeworld Classic."
76561198075389808,Not Recommended,244160,14767530,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Yak Nasty,"I could make a huge article on the good and bad about this game, but I will keep it short. I would not recommend this game in it's current state. First of all with the latest ""patch"" it freezes my computer. What kind of released game is this?! Second is I feel both HW1:R and HW2:R are watered down versions of their formerselves. I could be biased since I have probably logged 1000 hours playing the original HW games, but the port is pretty amateurish. Tactics and formations are a joke. The ships glitch into other ships all of the time. Even though the ships are retextured some of the models appear unchanged and as a result it takes away you get nicely textured boxes for some ships.If you are looking to get this game I recommend just waiting for it to go on sale and to get patched up. The game feels like it is in beta and should be a Early Access game anyways.Final note: Am I the only one disappointed that HW:Cataclysm wasn't ported. I heard there were issues but I really liked that game."
76561198046791480,Not Recommended,244160,14781447,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Chris Nukem,"Great Graphics, but very boring after a short while. Not the game i remeber refund please/"
,Recommended,244160,14781475,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,v o i d,"r8 1000/10------------Awesome game, Awesome storyline."
76561197991511487,Recommended,244160,14781908,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Nebukadnezar,"Homeworld was one of the first PC games i played as a kid so i was really hyped for this remake of it. and to some degree it fulfilled those wishes of mine. the HW1 remake has some recieved propably 70% of the attention of this package. the models and skins are really top notch, so there is nothing to complain about for me. sadly, the overhaul took away fuel management for small craft, which is something i really was wishing for. that alone changes how the game is being played in the campaing. not going to spoiler to much now but expecially one enemy has turned out to be quite a lot weaker than i expected. on the other hand, in the campaign there are still the same old units that can be abused like no tomorrow. (salvage corvettes)HW2 on the other hand has recieved little to nothing. yes, the textures got higher resolutions but most models look the same and and thats really noticable when comparing it to HW1. there also seem to be some sound issues in the campaign with differing and changing audio quality across the board.i just put my hand on the multiplayer and quickly realized that the rock paper scissor balance does not apply when playing with HW2 vs HW1 races.so do i recommend it? yes, its still a milestone of a game, has a good story and now partially the graphics to deliver it. the multiplayer is still ""beta"" so i expect soem changes, but for now better dont touch it unless you stay in one gen."
76561197984166808,Recommended,244160,14782112,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,White Wolf,"In my opinion still has a few bugs that need to be adressed. THIS IS A .... got no words how good it is ... masterpiece,jewel, GOOD JOB GUYS"
,Recommended,244160,14784623,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Bobby,Stuff to like::- Its in space:- Ships with giant lazors:- Massive explosions and pretty graphics
76561198073668829,Recommended,244160,14795740,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,shifty189,"This is the first Homeworld game i have played so my review should be looked as such.This is very fun space RTS. at the time of is review the game is less than a week old and still has some game breaking bugs. aside from the 1 major bug i have found, this game has impressed me very much. I would strongly recommend this game to any RTS fan.Some players of the original game are less than happy about this game due to some michanic that have changed, but to be honest i love the game as it is.7 our of 10"
,Recommended,244160,14798466,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Filthy Peasant[λROR],"If you can get the originals to work play them instead. Great effort by gearbox but unit AI is really stupid. Nonthing stays in formation and most of my ships insist on being♥♥♥♥♥♥towards the enemy, its incredibly fustrating. Also they blunted the diffeculty curve. Thats what made homeworld, homeworld. It used to take weeks to do that game I.E. The Great Wastelands which is basicly a running battle with the fleet that wrecked kharak. I did that level in about half a hour where as the original game I failed it about 4-5 times before I knew where the spawns were and could navigate the map. !SPOILER! The turanic raiders dont even have they Ion Cannon Frigates so that nasty suprise of about 9 if them hyperspacing right next to your mother ship didnt happed, and weirdly enough I was looking foward to it. Also it doesnt seem like you can be a salvage corvette♥♥♥♥♥♥in this version so no amassing a stupidly large fleet to just roll the rest of the game which is good and bed depending on how you like to play.If your new to homeworld get this game. If your a veteran player im sure youll agree with me when I say I still prefer the originals because of the voiceovers, the budget animation (HW1) and its utter unforgivingness to even a little mistake or bad fleet pruchase that would make it tougher on yourself later. Though on the bright side it auto harvest the RU's instead of you takeing and extra 45 mins to an hour grabbing whats left before you jump out.HW2 seems to be the same as its predecessor so either way your gonna enjoy HW2 though now its just got even better graphics"
,Recommended,244160,14799210,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Dinaly,This game is great.  Let me reminder my childhood.
76561198010884483,Recommended,244160,27254770,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Backseat Warrior,Ah true masterpiece that will forever be gold!
,Recommended,244160,27294778,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Gargaone,"Fascinating graphics, great story line, awesome soundtrack.But very poor gameplay of de remastered classic.Still worth the time."
,Recommended,244160,27150126,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,RicardodeAbreu,Best plot I´ve experienced in rts games. Innovative gameplay and immersive storytelling. Good plot twists and great graphics. What else do you need?
,Recommended,244160,27113280,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Robotzel,Excelent remaster. Looks amazing and is still a lot of fun to play.
76561198036646519,Recommended,244160,26840598,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Six_Blasters,Its good.
,Recommended,244160,26852207,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,eXadrian,"The Homeworld series are still one of the best and amongst my favorite games of all time, especially in this genre. I loved it when I first played the Homeworld games more than 10 years ago, and this remaster has been done very well. Great story, beautiful music, good gameplay and better visuals than the classics. If you love strategy games in space, then this is one I definitely recommend.The only thing that I miss is a remaster of the Cataclysm expansion, but from what I heard it is practically impossible to add. But still the classic games are also present (which is a great bonus) so I hope cataclysm will be included someday."
76561197993458128,Recommended,244160,27039989,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Calchar,homeworld is one of the games that defined space combat
,Recommended,244160,26997862,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,PiG ina MiG,Feels much more like the original after the latest patch. Here is hoping Catalsym gets the same treatment soon!
,Recommended,244160,27022651,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Nukesnipe,"Homeworld was damn near the very first PC game I ever played, probably the second RTS after Total Annihilation.  I loved the gameplay, I loved the story, I loved the music, I loved the lore, it's all phenomenal, and I still love it.For that reason, I recommend that you play the Classic version of Homeworld 1, as the game has a LOT of differences that don't suit the HW2 engine.  Notably:Weapons work completely differently.  They're projectiles in HW1, and can miss.  It's possible for a Heavy Cruiser to miss the Destroyer it targeted and vaporize a scout behind it on accident.  In HW2, it's a hitscan RNG, no projectiles about it.Formations were VITAL in HW1.  Ion Frigates?  Wall of death lasers.  Interceptors?  Claw formation.  Multigun Corvettes guarding something?  Put them in sphere formation.  They flat out do not work in HW2.HW2 is a good game, it fixed a lot of issues with HW1 and plays a lot differently.  I like them both, I just think that they shouldn't be packaged together."
,Recommended,244160,26814949,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Swaklker,"A game i've played years ago... DAMN It's so good to play it again ! Plus, this remaster is just perfect."
76561198069595280,Recommended,244160,26939612,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Caliman,Great games! As good as they were back in the day. Worth buying!
,Recommended,244160,26914176,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Keldorn,Please don't play the HW1 remaster and go straight to the original. The remaster uses the infinitely inferior ballistics from HW2 and it WILL make your experience worse.
,Recommended,244160,16926007,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Kitty Kat,"I remember being addicted to these games back in early 2000's, I have always wanted a HW 3 at least. I hope the remastered edition will reignite the franchise and maybe they will develop a new game for us to enjoy."
,Recommended,244160,26949314,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Voxis,"A classic RTS with real emotion, depth and now HD graphics."
76561198000681547,Recommended,244160,15932734,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,King Zero,"Despite the flaws of the HW2 Engine - it's Homeworld, one of the best RTS's of all time, with modern polished visuals.What more is there to say that hasn't already been said by everyone else?"
,Recommended,244160,14732386,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,camsau,"Brings backs alot of nostalgia for people who played when they were originally released. This remaster makes me feel like I'm enjoying the game all over again. Definitely a must play for all RTS gamers new and old, a masterpiece of PC gaming."
76561197977470330,Recommended,244160,26992570,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,jedimasteriam,The best 3d space rts to this day. With the updated graphics this game is well worth your time.
,Recommended,244160,26989436,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sgt Phresh,"Homeworld is by far one of best space RTS games out there. Its gripping story and replay value is pretty decent and with the MODS that are out there make it even better. The only minor annoyances is when in battle it seems like you constantly have direct your units when you have them selected. Make combat a little tedious. However, overall this game is worthly of the remake and I feel it was done well."
76561197980046737,Recommended,244160,26976050,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,jscrouso,"The best 3D space RTS ever made.  Both games have great stories,  beautiful music,  and fun gameplay.  I really hope a proper 3rd entry in the series is made.  More games like this should be made in general."
76561197994474630,Recommended,244160,26909821,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,navi_t,The original was way cool when it came out. The remastered version lives up to it for all who feel a bit nostalgic for the once was Homeworld.
76561197971801492,Recommended,244160,14660328,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,bajera77,"Good old Homeworld, highly recommended."
,Recommended,244160,14668383,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Sirge,"Only have 6 hours in so far and I am enjoying the game immensely.  Homeworld (the original) was my favorite space rts all time.  It was groundbreaking at the time and I was glad to see them come out with the reboot.As for rating it based on a rework, its the best rework I have seen out there.  With great reskinned graphics, updated ui, voice acting, etc, and they included the original versions of Homeworld 1 and 2 in the package.  Not disappointed at all.  I have yet to try out the multiplay they added, but still, the multiplay is just added value and replayability in my mind.As for rating the game,  I really cant knock this classic.  The story drew me in and continued to do so as it unfolded.  It almost had me shedding tears and inspired me to write a song.  I cant say any other game has ever done that for me (and I really am not interested in space genre games), but Homeworld 1 and 2 were stellar in my opinion.As for cons, I only experienced one glitch in the training scenario of the original homeworld (had to do the training tutorial for an achievemnt).  I cant say for sure it was a bug because my system is heavily customized and sometimes my Dreamscene glitches requiring a reboot playing other games (though its very infrequent).9.5/10 for the remastered versions"
76561198061342269,Recommended,244160,14668472,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,H1ppy420,I can't get this to load the remaster version it just blinks once my comp meets all the requirements no idea what's going on.
76561197996074960,Recommended,244160,14669374,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,helluvamember,The game controls are sluggish and the camera seems wonky.
76561198007926583,Recommended,244160,14669377,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,tharionwind,"Amazingly beautiful and fond memories.  Done well by  Gearbox.  Wishing all new games had this look, feel and love of the developers."
,Recommended,244160,14669539,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Baldric,Finally! About damn time! \o/ AWESOMELY DONE Gearbox xD
,Recommended,244160,14669542,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Mingey,"Really enjoying re-playing this game in the remastered version, there are some bugs but i am sure they will be ironed out soon! Really quite unique RTS"
76561198041947717,Recommended,244160,14669765,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Spud Capone,"It is difficult to put into words how impressive this game is, the visuals and attention to detail alone are amazing. Couldn't recommend enough!"
76561198012938369,Recommended,244160,14669818,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Hungry Horny and Loaded,"TLDR;+Great Rework of the original series.-Replacement of the HW2 cast by the original HW1 (personal opinion)In my opinion, it was the voice actors, music and sound effects design that made HW2 so atmospheric and contributed greatly to its status of masterpiece.The baffingly brilliant sound design made HW2 into more than just a game; It made it into a piece of art that stands as unique amongst other games in the genre. Changes to the sound design by no means count as ""small changes"".So, you are more familiar with the HW1 cast and like them better;So, Relic intended to keep the voice actors;Does that mean we just have to shut up and share your opinion? Nope.I like the performances of the HW2 cast TONS better. To the point that i find playing this otherwise brilliant remastering barely enjoyable.Jenniffer Dawne Graveness and Eli Gabay both have such a unique tone of voice, and gave some stellar performances to boot;I mean, just listen to this, and tell me this isn't some Anthony-Hopkins-level theatrics right there:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9GLmboCnLQYIs it wrong to want these (argueably objectively better) performances back? I don't think so.Is it silly to complain about a bit of sound in light of this otherwise brilliant and meticulous remastering? No, i care about game audio deeply, as it can make or brake the setting and atmosphere of any game, same goes for any movie and series.Now i know it's up to gearbox to decide where to go with the audio, i regret the decision they took but i respect it, for in the end, all of this the the fruit of their hard labour.What i'd like is just for the opinions of the audiophiles like myself to be respected as legitimate, instead of being brushed aside as the ""incessant nagging of nitpicky little whiners"" that i get the vibe it's being made out to be.I suppose someone might mod it in the future, however gearbox themselves have stated it might be more difficult than presumed at first glance because of the difference in sound file formats used.Seven hells if some brilliant coder person doesn't do this i swear i'll attempt it myself, all the clumsy fidgeting and confused pebcak moments notwithstanding."
,Recommended,244160,14670171,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,DreyfussFrost,"No matter how bad the Remastered versions might be (and they're NOT), the classic versions are STILL worth $35.  These games aren't just ""classics"" because they're old, they're classics because they're GOOD, and until now you've only been able to get them by buying used CDs from the '90s.  Even if this were just a port and compatability update, I would still recommend them to anybody that missed out, but thankfully there is much more here.If you like space, real-time strategy, or good stories, get this collection."
76561198047169453,Recommended,244160,14670335,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,DeinonychusCowboy,"Loved the original Homeworld - truly a classic RTS, and one of the best space-based RTSes ever made.This remake has MASSIVELY improved the graphics over the original - this isn't a touch-up of the game engine, the entire game seems to have been ported to an updated version of the HW2 engine, with more detailed models, beautiful visual effects and lighting (Bloom, HDR, and depth of field! DEPTH OF FIELD, in an RTS! You can tell how serious the visual style of this game is.), and a lot of mechanical similarities to HW2. The game looks very modern; it does not look like a game that was concieved and created more that 15 years ago.However, the developers clearly worked very hard to keep the feel of the original game alive. The model detail may have shot up remarkably, but every ship looks like its original model, seen through a clearer and sharper lens. From a distance, the models are the same; close up, there are more little lights, windows, and intricate polygons. Every new ship I see is literally jaw-dropping; the amount some of the ships have improved is incredible (the Turanic ships really stand out at this early point in my playthrough). The gameplay is almost unchanged from the original - I've played HW1 so many times that most of the missions are second-nature to me, and my favorite strategies still work perfectly. There are no unpleasant surprises or head-scratching design choices; the only noticeable departures from HW1 are either immaterial (Resource collectors behave more like those from HW2, essentially docking with asteroids, but have a similar graphical effect to HW1, the big sucking beam of ionized resources), or awe-inspiring (a certain spoiler-laden cutscene in Mission 3 is all the more shocking for its terrible beauty).The difficulty and balance seems to have been tweaked somewhat. I distinctly remember the first several missions of every HW1 playthrough being very resource-sparse; you had to maximize every RU and soon learned exactly how much you could build and when. The remastered version is more lenient, likely because (like HW2), research now costs resources as well. I have also found myself building more fighters to replace lost ships than in the original. However, some of my least favorite changes from HW2, like enforced squad sizes, were thankfully not carried over to the remake, and gameplay staples like dust clouds were brought back. Everything works the way I expect, and there are nice surprises, like the fact that capital ship explosions leave debris in a similar manner to HW2, that enhance the original gameplay. Overall, the game feels a bit easier, with the areas of difficulty being slightly different from the original and more like HW2. However, I don't think the shift will offend long-time players of the game. It's not as though the remastered version is not challenging, and I don't think most of us play the game for its difficulty curve. The strategy, story, graphics, and mechanics are more important to me than how many times I have to reload Mission 3 because a single you-know-what was vaporized.Thus far, my only major disappointment has been that Homeworld: Cataclysm was not included in the remaster. Though I know it was not generally considered canon, and was developed by a different company with no input from Relic, it was my first Homeworld game, and I really enjoyed the storyline and some of the gameplay additions it made to the already very addictive HW formula. I think HW:C would make a great game even with all the references to the Homeworld universe removed, and I would love to see it redone in this new engine in a similar manner to HW1.Great remaster, great game, worth the money in 1999, worth the money today."
76561198022831181,Recommended,244160,14670466,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Blizz003,"It's the same game it used to be, only it doesn't seem old.Possibly still the best RTS ever."
,Recommended,244160,14670519,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Meatis,"I will thumbs up this game because, well, it IS Homeworld after all.Game is great, has some problems as you can see by reading the majority of the reviews: formations are ""wonky"" (they don't work well or at all), some balancing issues, and the main thing that bothers me really is the lack of a menu when you hit esc. Idk if I'm missing the menu option to exit the game or go back to the home screen but I seriously cannot find it for the life of me.It has great potential and hopefully they address the issues of gameplay like the formations. Also I would really like to see cataclysm make it's way into this because I was a little disappointed when I didn't see the Beast as a playable faction."
,Recommended,244160,14670677,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Sowilo,The Best Space RTS of all time remade with amazingly great new technology. Yes please This is a masterpeice that deserves a playthough by anybody.
76561198067747458,Recommended,244160,14670935,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,党和政府,妈蛋没汉化
76561197983081213,Recommended,244160,14671449,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Toreador,Beautiful Remaster of a great game. Day one release has a few bugs but not enough to make me mind.Having a great time playing.
76561198049524626,Recommended,244160,14671652,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,OwnAHole,OI GET THIS GAME
76561198145448138,Recommended,244160,14671682,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,rjrj_19,"Gearbox has done a beautiful job of remastering this masterpiece. These two games have such an intense story along with complex but fun mechanics. They may seem difficult at first but once you get the hang of it, it will simply be delightful. The game itself is amazing, but the visuals definatly do it justice. I'd give this remaster a 9.5/10. Gearbox has chosen the best qualities of both games, such as intergrating the combat systems from one and two together so they are universal. THANK GOD. The online expirence is something everyone should try, it will keep the community alive and promote more competition. I'd love to battle my friends in a stratigic game much more than i'd blasting lead in an FPS. This game rewards smart decisions and unique play style. This is game is a steal at the price you will get it at."
,Recommended,244160,14671886,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Squeeze,Beautiful remaster of a masterpeice. Few issues to iron out but it's still early.
,Recommended,244160,15340724,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,mindasslayer,"In-bloody-credible.  I was transported right back to when I played HW and HW2.  Stunning visuals, and very smooth operation.  I applaud the remastery team, you've brought back this classic and made it all the better."
,Recommended,244160,14981304,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,IndyLoud1993,Homeworld and Homeworld 2 was best games ever from Gearbox to original Relic
,Recommended,244160,14661396,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Rowr,"Edit - They fixed it, thank you developers. Now Recommended.-------------------For the love of God where is the freaking Multi Monitor support.Is this 2015? I still don't understand how every indie early access title can manage this yet the big developers completely miss it on titles like this where it should be a given. Pathetic."
76561197965189161,Recommended,244160,14990244,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Kiyoshi,Best game ever!
,Not Recommended,244160,14992549,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Janny Woo,"Not really a remastered version, just more of an upres. A HD edition if you will. If you played the originals all those years ago there is nothing new here for you. If you do want to experience it (again) then at least wait for Gearbox to apply some patches first, this game is great but in a fairly messy state at the moment."
76561197972900859,Recommended,244160,14993304,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Colonel Cheesy,I used to play Homeworld: Cataclysm and Homeworld 2 back in the day.  This is a very impressive remaster!  I been having a lot of fun playing this and the remastered graphics just look beautiful!  It's a great 3D RTS and I'd recommend it to anyone that likes playing RTS games.  The single player has a great story line.  The multiplayer has a lot of gameplay options that really make the skirmishes fun.
76561197993385404,Not Recommended,244160,14993563,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Archangel of the Apocolypse,"Played the Remastered Collection for awhile and then played the classic and NOW it won't go back to the Remastered.  IT Says ""Enable the DLC collection in your Steam Library.  Can't to my knowledge.  IT shows the DLC to be installed so that doesn't make me feel so good."
76561197972174452,Recommended,244160,14966960,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Mofakka,fun stuff
76561198014986582,Recommended,244160,14967526,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Scars Windblade,"I have been playing this game for as long has it came out.  And I mean Homeworld 1 in 99.  This... This is one of the best remakes you can ask for, and with that fact they allow Workshop to bring over all the MODS from ModDatabase.. Is a huge bonus.  I've been playing this like nothing else.   I am so happy to have it.    You can't go wrong if you are RTS fan."
,Recommended,244160,14969828,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,sssuuunnnyyy,"It again reminds me of the shock it brought to me on Win 98 when I first played this game. Music, plots, everything is still fantastic and it is hard to image it is a game almost 15 years ago"
76561197963969264,Recommended,244160,14975431,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Hyperion,Awesome game.i lost myself in the storyreally a game you need to try10/10
,Recommended,244160,14977279,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Bentusi,"Always adored the homeworld series,  But developers are lazy these days, its all about the graphics yes i like graphics but i love good mechanics in games as well and that's what gearbox failed at, I want homeworld 1 remastered with original mechanics that's what i thought i bought."
,Recommended,244160,14952512,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Bad4u80,"Homeworld Remastered is quite possibly one of the best RTS games I've ever played (this is coming from someone that has put MANY days worth of time into the starcraft series among many others). I adore this game from top to bottom, the learning cruve can be a little high if you've never played a RTS game before, but after you get around to move ships and such this game really starts to shine. The amount of time you will put into each planning units movements and the sheer amount of room you have plan your next attack or searching for resources can be outright daunting but joyful all at the same time. This game takes it's time with unit speed just flying around can take a good while to just get from one side of the map where you located to the side where the enemy fleet is located if you use large ships as your main force.Now onto the combat which to me is the bread and butter of this game besides the atomosphere. During dogfights the ships behave like you would expect but they also make for some very interesting plans in the future with the way you can come below or from above with smaller units or larger ships if you prefer and wipe out a enemy force.The story is solid and I found myself wondering how I was going to overcome certain challenges that were presented to me. I really hope they start to make more games like this in the future, This is how to make a RTS game, fun and challenging all that the same time.I highly recommend this game to anybody that is a lover of the RTS genre, please make more games like this in the future!"
76561197985800493,Recommended,244160,14956807,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Sundaenuts,"I masterful game, tactful and enjoyable story arc. Still have not found a better game of its type yet. And now it looks pretty freakin amazing."
76561197987039282,Not Recommended,244160,14739295,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Dr. Cousin Okri,Crashes constantly when trying to host a multiplayer game.
76561198021563890,Recommended,244160,14739404,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,GovmentCheese,Buy it.
,Recommended,244160,14739607,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,xanderx51,Great game. Few bugs to work out and then they have to get MP out of beta. Besides that I am loving the game.
,Recommended,244160,14739673,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Kadaeux,"I literally couldn't recommend this highly enough. Physics forbids it, something about having to maintain the laws of thermodynamics."
76561197972690594,Not Recommended,244160,14739787,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,(UvG)Ninja Tom,"Never did I dare to dream that anyone would get a chance to remake Homeworld. Never.Words cannot describe my joy when I saw that preview on E3.It is an honor and a blessing to have the opportunity to talk about its new release, here in 2015.6/10Homeworld Remastered is gorgeous.And dumb.Wait, allow me to explain.Firstly, this is primarily based on my experience in the HW1R Campaign. For me, nothing else in this release matters. At all. I don't care about HW2, don't care about HW2R, hell I don't even care about multiplayer.Secondly, I am not going to be able to even pretend that I'm not comparing this to Homeworld, mostly because it is Homeworld: Remastered, the whole point of this game is for us to enjoy Homeworld again, so, if your stance is that this game should be measured in a void, and not held up to the Homeworld of yesteryear, then this review is not for you.This game is riddled with bugs. The first mission crashed to desktop, the second mission didn't register a salvage corvette going to the beacon (made me send a probe), and the third mission...The third mission.The third mission requires you to salvage 6 objects. The programmers clearly expected you to only get 5, and when this game was released in 1999, if you got all 6 then the mission wouldn't complete. Here in 2015, far in the distant future, what should I encounter but THE EXACT SAME BUG OMFG.I wouldn't have minded the scattering of new bugs, if they also hadn't brought back the exact same bugs from 15 years ago. I don't even understand how that's possible, you can't exactly copy and paste code from that long ago, it doesn't work, hell I don't even think they're in the same language, but I digress. The game has bugs, maybe its just new release issues, God, I hope so.Then we move on to the AI. When this game was first released in 1999 the AI was good for the time, but still dumb, which all games then were, for example, when telling a group of support frigates to repair a bunch of ships, they'd all bunch up on one ship and repair that, ignoring any other damaged ships until the first one was fixed, even if the other ships were taking fire and about to be destroyed. Dumb, but acceptable in those heady days.How does the modern support frigate work you ask? Simple, when you tell them to repair a group of ships, they do the exact same thing. Only NOW rather than faithfully following the fleet around, and repairing any new damage (in the same, slightly derpy way), they repair whatever damage was there when the initial command was issued, and then will float idly in space wherever they are until a new order is issued, what did they Unionize or something?Fighters and corvettes no longer stay in formation. Corvettes now make swooping strike passes like fighters instead of maintaining their orientation on foes and engaging them continuously. The new build menu's queue system is unintuitive. The launch menu now requires you to INDIVIDUALLY SELECT SHIPS TO LAUNCH. In a game where you can have up to 72 fighters. Pick them one by one. Or launch everything. And you can't shift select groups either, hell they aren't even organized, just listed in the order that they docked, which can be awkward when you want to launch fighters but all your resource collecters are docked as well.Oh right, resource collection. In a game where it can take HOURS to mine out an area (I'm dead serious) a bit of time dilation would have been just perfect, but no. You used to be able to tell a Resource Controller to guard your harvesters, and it would smartly place itself equidistant from all of them. No longer. Now it follows ONE around, which significantly increases the already incredibly long harvest times, and that's assuming the resource collectors actually return to the controller in the first place.You can't pick between the Taidan and the Kushan or change your ships coloration like you used to be able to.There is a hard limit of 14 salvage corvettes. The dynamic difficulty veers drunkenly between insane difficulty and laughable ease. Controlling vertical movement is clunky and hard to manage. Assigning orders using the shift click menu is incredibly finicky, as the menu has this odd tendency to ♥♥♥♥ING CLOSE when you are trying to select something. Oh and now you have to individually select targets for salvage corvettes instead of band box selecting.The voice acting, audio, and story are all magnificent, just magnificent, but since its the same as the original homeworld audio, voice acting and story you don't get any credit there, though I guess I should be glad you didn't manage to ♥♥♥♥ that up too.Conrad Hilton was a business savvy man who built a hotel empire from nothing.Homeworld Remastered is his great great great grand-daughter Paris.Pretty. Empty. Dumb, and riding on the success of her forefathers."
76561197972832797,Recommended,244160,14739982,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Nerdgunner,"An excellent remake of one of the greatest stories ever told in gaming. Bravo, now where is Cataclysm?"
76561197997031982,Recommended,244160,14740817,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,StinkySourdoughSalad,"This is the first review I've written and I must admit I feel mixed emotions about this game. I am a huge fan of Relic's work everything from the first Dawn of War to Company of Heroes. They are top shelf talent for RTS games. A remaster by Gearbox sounds like a no-brainer, however there is poor balancing for the campaign missions, it may be a throwback to earlier era of brutal difficulty but the asteroid mission in particular stands out due to poor responsiveness in simply selecting the targets. It also does not scale the difficulty for the fleet size. The sound design and visual spectacle is transcendant. This is also well-optimized and no doubt the prettiest RTS I think I have ever played mixing a celestial scale with strong artistic flair. It looks bold and unique, but given the frustration I have felt with its design and interface I am worried I will get burnt out before I am able to finish the campaign."
,Recommended,244160,14737139,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Just A Regular Guy,"These games have been some of my favorite RTS's since they were first around in the early 2000's. Seeing them now in their HD gloriousness is beautiful to say the least. Great story, ships, scenery, and gameplay.The only negative thing I'd have to say about it would be some glitches in crossing the two games together, I haven't been able to keep a save containing ships from both games, though I'm sure that stuff like that is being worked on for the multiplayer beta.Besides that, it's a phenominal game, and I highly reccommend it to anyone who is an RTS lover or someone who just likes space."
76561198009509929,Recommended,244160,14737222,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Avetorian -The Witch King-,"The 3d space strategy franchise that still remains unsurpassed after 16 years. For new players this is the best time to jump in, for old players, put away your rose tinted glasses and stop talking about fuel and just enjoy the endless potential and fun this game has still yet to realize, we will see updates and content periodically released, while being able to enjoy the campaign like never before, the soundtrack is even more beautiful the voice acting is better. I love itJust effing play it!"
76561197981955747,Recommended,244160,20939441,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Spaz,This is how a remake should be done!The original game was truly ahead of its time and offered one of the most memorable game experiences I've ever had.Now brought up to a gorgeous new visual standard.
76561198018597662,Recommended,244160,20912091,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Rambo,Great Game
76561198272597710,Recommended,244160,20913120,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,gorgon0234,Best space rts to date.
76561198082584434,Recommended,244160,20886138,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,northernwater,"I had never played any of the Homeworld games before. As of this writing I've played through the first 12 campaigns of HW1R.  I would highly recommend the game so far. I've found what I think are small bugs, but it's nothing that has not kept me from enjoying the game. It was worth the money."
76561198068522169,Not Recommended,244160,15211323,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Shadow Von Haze,"i love this game and i think it is a very good start to a final product. the only reson you would not want to get this game is that there is a lot of work needed to complet this gamethere are vissual cliping problems where some ships are able to fly throu other objects as well as many errors when using additonal content (aka mods)finaly the first mission can only be played one time in the curent billd for me this is not much of a problem for myself but others may find this to be game brackingincass anyone happenes to have the same problem with the first Homeworld one missionmy problem is that formations have been made so that strick craft do not stay in formation whill attacking wich is the very first objective in the game and you have to complet this objective to continu the game this would litteraly make the single player campain unplayable and it needs to be fixedalso not many people remember this but in the origonal Homeworld you did not have to have RUs to research new ships and most gamers do not remember this, it needs to be changed in my opion but its not nessary"
,Recommended,244160,20907067,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,J.McIntosh,"A good game that I realize is a classic, but this is my first time of hearing about it. One thing that is annoying is the pace of ships and lack of resources in a lot of missions. You apparently supposed to carry a massive fleet thoughout the whole game to the end which for new players is a daunting task.One thing that could be done about the slow pace of some ships is just include an option to speed up time (obviously).But I udnerstand this late in a finished product probably won't happen.Oh well still a calming game, I feel it's a little lack luster in the interesting department with just environments and skyboxes.So yes, it's a decent buy."
,Recommended,244160,20855336,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,GerryWJH,"Heard from a lot of friends about this game but did not want to play cuz the game name, since there was a discount, I decided to give it a try, impressive! the fleet, the fleet control, the story line, just too amazing!"
,Recommended,244160,20858637,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,John Frohman,"I played the first one ages ago and loved it, the same with Cataclysm.I got Homeworld 2 and the whole game was transformed. When I heard that this was getting a Remastered edition, and I got it as soon as I saw it. Some bugs, but I'm sure the Devs can fix them!"
76561198190605549,Recommended,244160,20851147,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,madmoonlight,"if you liked home world you will love this, all the old ships and techs put into one game with 2015 graphics."
76561197984736907,Not Recommended,244160,20829672,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,MiGhTGoCrAzY,"Not nearly interactive enough and it doesn't actually give you any information on what it is talking about with its ""Intel"" controlling your units through this game is enough of a challenge to be a game itself. I'm sorry that I paid money for this game."
,Recommended,244160,20760658,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,5finkie5,Great game and a unique RTS game. Persistent units & 3D movement in space are great features to a solid RTS game.
76561198069018161,Recommended,244160,20845222,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,ajkey04,"I have thoroughly enjoyed revisiting Homeworld's 1 and 2. It was a game I remembered fondly from way back when.The graphics are great and well everthing has been updated nicely. Homeworld 1 Remastered was perhaps more fun than Homeworld 2 Remastered, just because there was a far better storyline to it. 2 wasn't bad, it was more aq case of what big shootie thing are they gonna giver me this mission.My playthrough of 1 was excellent and had no problems at all.My playthrough of 2 was frought with bugs and crashes. Almost every mission the openGL driver would crash forcing me to save at every opportunity. Once it even crashed windows 10 entirely.9/10"
76561198059108917,Recommended,244160,21109960,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Lugraz,A classic Space RTS which is a must have for any RTS fan. A great game to command a whole Armada to smash your oppenents with.The remaster cleans up the audio the most since that wasn't that great when the game originally came out. The graphics have been given a update that brings this classic to polished game that can compete with any RTS out now.
76561198060418045,Recommended,244160,21105795,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Hiro Protagonist,"Love that this old fav has been remastered!SOOOOO PRETTY!I will get back to this, I swear.....just after I finish this next quest....and it's 1am and I need to be up in 4hrs!DOH!"
76561197996233675,Recommended,244160,21101393,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,@Jeffjr,"Greatest space RTS of all time. 5 out of 5 thanks Relic.Update: Kind of aggrivated at how gearbox has handled this game, its problems with mods when it was supposed to be ""all about the modders"" has still not been resolved yet they released another game to get more of our hard earned money which i will most likely buy AFTER they fufill their ""claims"" made about homeworld remastered pre release, They mis handled pure gold and killed a community that thrived for almost 20 years, a lot of us have been playing HW since 98 and its a little bit of a downer to see how this re-release has been treated..I used 4 rigs since last year to test and see if it was a me problem, 3 amd/ati 1 intel/nvidia and got the same problems with mods yet the CD-ROM still works properly.Its not a user level problem, its a development level problem that they could fix because they are smart enough, its just like they dont care though.If you are getting this because you have never played homeworld before do it because its worth it, they are great games but if you are about to buy this to play mods dont bother with this version and go to ebay and buy the CD-ROMRevisit HWRM 2-3 years from now and most of the good mods will be ported by then. If gearbox irons out these issues i will change my review to reflect the fact that they did so.Not just trying to QQ or ""hate on gearbox"" but most HW vets have a lot of love for these games, there was a good reason its been around so long and i just wish it was handled better.."
76561198031089355,Recommended,244160,21011467,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Chaotixgamin,Great game but the third level makes you so mad YOU CAN'T GET A BREAK FOR 1 SECOND on the third level to many infiltraitors and carriers ;-;
76561198175828727,Recommended,244160,21023667,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Merculargo,This game has a special place in my heart. One the first space battle C&C type games I ever got into on my PC and I'm glad that they've done a great job remastering it now I've moved to a mac!! Definately a worthwile purchase :)
,Recommended,244160,21114344,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,bizology,"Homeworld is an RTS in true 3D with a fantastic art style. Visually it looks like a 1970s/1980s sci-fi, like old-school Battle Star Galactica and Star Wars. Check out the artist Chris Foss if you like the visuals in Homeworld - it's very reminiscent of Foss's work. The art stye is also reminiscent of those old Usborne Books of the Future I used to read as kid.Much like a classic book, Homeworld seems timeless. I cannot believe that I was playing this game 16(!) years ago and yet here I am playing it today with gameplay that's still just as good, just as fun as it was so many years ago.I'd gladly pay $40 each for both Homeworld and Homeworld 2, but here you're getting both, remastered for same price. In fact, I only paid $20 since the game was on sale for 50% off.  Great value! Both games have a decent single player campaign, skirmish modes and multiplayer. Even if you have just the smallest desire to play an RTS, check out Homeworld.An old favorite that still holds up."
76561198146995495,Recommended,244160,21065207,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Kmanfuchu,Can someone help i cant play multiplayer through steam on Homeworld 2
,Recommended,244160,20795911,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Calamity Jones,"For those who have never experienced the colourful, majestic space combat in the Homeworld titles, this remake cannot be recommended enough. In every sense, this is a perfect remastering - an enhancement of the graphics, interface, performance and capabilities of this legendary game, without compromising its style. The game is tactically challenging, a visual spectacle, and a captivating story - a single-player strategy genre masterpiece."
,Recommended,244160,21432148,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,D-Swazzle,"This was my most wanted game on steam for about six years. Now that it exists I can't really say it isn't a joy to replay.The remastered Multiplayer is a bizarre splicing of HW1 and HW2 that I haven't really gotten into much. But the remastered HW1 campaign is great and pretty to look at, a perfectly updated nostalgia trip. The best soundtrack in gaming lives on, albeit without the ending song by Yes.The fact that the base price isn't 40 or 50$ for two full games is entirely to the creadit of Gearbox. A must-buy for fans of the originals and worth a recommendation to any RTS fans who somehow haven't tried it yet. After the success of Deserts of Kharak (another recommend!) I very much hope HW3 is only a year or two away. Z-axis gaming deserves its due."
76561198278430557,Recommended,244160,21329772,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,DaruniaJ,amazing game
,Recommended,244160,21568918,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,MrMattu,gr8 game
76561198026706402,Recommended,244160,21593460,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,SkitterSqueek,Play the game and stop ♥♥♥♥♥ing.... Thank you guys for bringing this back!!! Keep up the good work.
76561198100501836,Recommended,244160,21575031,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Mickeyjett,"Great Remastering of a classic. I remember playing this when it first came out and the only different is the updated graphics. An epic 3D RTS game that always leaves you thinking about how to use resources, or just fun if you turn injections on ;)I'd recomend this to anyone looking to have a game they can always come to!"
76561198013110328,Recommended,244160,21613066,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,JewBacca,"Hi everyone !For me the first experience of playing this game was back in 2003 and it was Homeworld 2. I like sci-fi space strategy games, and at that time Starcraft was the best of the kind, that's why I was sceptical about Homeworld at first, but after first several minutes of gameplay I realized that it was something absolutely different from classic on-the-ground strategy, because it really made u the part of a great space adventure with brilliant gameplay, graphics and most importantly story. It's like u take part in some fantastic movie like Babylon 5 or Lex, that were popular at that time. I was hoping that there would be Homeworld 3, but after several years I lost hope.The Remastered version was a great news for me, I was glad that this beautiful game was not forgotten and people work on getting it to the new level with a modern engine and graphics. There r some problems with multiplayer though, but it's natural because this is a whole new feature combined Homeworld and Homeworld 2 multiplayer (it's still beta btw). This is a great idea and great start not only for reviving one of the most worthy games, but also making it even something more than original.PSBest of luck to the developers, there r still some things to be polished like balance in MP, but I'm sure they'll make it right and as playable as the Remastered 1 and 2 campaigns, which didn't ruin my expectations at all. If multiplayer will be ready for release I think it'll have a very big chance to compete with other most popular P2P strategies like Starcraft 2."
76561197980807973,Recommended,244160,21519983,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Kr@n3()u$,They did a great job giving this game a facelift!  hopefully we can see cataclysm come out at some point in the future as well.  *wink*wink*
,Recommended,244160,21625376,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,TheSlew,"It's Homeworld and looks nice..... 10/10However... The formations are pretty garbage 4/10The main problem with this game is that they will probobly never patch the formation issue, they have been nice enough to patch a lot of the problems but they don't seem to care about the formations... And that is a big issue... It is the only problem that I really have with the game other than that it is great and I highly recommend it.Both the first and second game are great and the multiplayer is quite fun as well.If you want to have a fun single player experience and you like strategy games this is a game for you!And if you have a friend that will play this game multiplayer with you that is a huge bonus and you can have lots of fun.I loved the original game in 1998 and I love this one. It's not without a few problems but I can look past them and just have a good time."
76561198115302552,Recommended,244160,21294405,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,LightSaber,Be a real fleet commander in 3D place and taste the epic story.Play it and feel the immense possibilties associated with this new z-axis.
,Recommended,244160,21221156,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Mr pistol dude,My new favorite game.
76561198231573172,Recommended,244160,21232453,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Corvus,I have been a long time fan of Homeworld and the remastered edition brings back good memories and the updated look reaally does do the games justice. For those new to the game the tutorials are easy and informative to help you getting started.
76561198025625270,Recommended,244160,21187447,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,xterminal86,Very nice. Although I miss battle chatter from Homeworld 1 Classic a bit.I wish Cataclysm could make its way here...
76561197985483054,Recommended,244160,20759509,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Dandy,"The best space rts games of all time updates to work on newer pcs, well worth your time."
76561198006088052,Recommended,244160,20514975,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,FaneTM,"it's Jan 2016 and this game stil has graphic issues . I see throuw objects and♥♥♥♥♥♥.I have ADM R9 290X Sapphire Vapor-x tehnology at 8 GB memory .I love this game ,but I hate it for this problem .I will not recomand you to buy it since it has problems & for this it should be free .UPDATE :it's stil Jan more exalcy the middle of Jan  and still this game hase the issue BUT i solved it .I use as an overlay software on my PC   - MSI Aftherburner to show my videocard temperature & FPS . This overlay software is not compatible with Homeworld and it creates that problem . I turned of the software and now everything is fine . Time to enjoy the game now . !"
,Recommended,244160,20729183,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Zylonite,"I have only played Homeworld 2 Remastered so far and my review is based on this game only and not the Homeworld 1 Remastered. Also this is my first game in this franchise and space RTS games.Homeworld 2 Remastered doesn't have a very high learning curve as this is one of the reasons I have always stayed away from space RTS games. I don't have the time and energy to sit through hours of guides and tutorials to learn how to play a space game (looking at Eve online). After 10 minutes of basic tutorials, the game put you right in the campaign and you start building your gunships, etc and within 5 minutes you have a battle on your hands...I didn't have any issues getting into the game other than getting used to the 3.5 dimension view. I am more familiar with RTS games such as C&C, rise of nation, dawn of wars, original world of war craft RTS, company of heros, etc and having a new Z dimension to deal with is a bit frustrating at times, so I try to ignore it for now or not use it (which so far I haven't really needed to use the Z dimension for anything).Overall Homeworld 2 Remastered is a great game with nice graphics and lots of details. However I wish I could zoom in more to the ships during the battles to fully experience the destructions, but I can't expect total war depth of view in a large space ship gun battle from a remastred game.This game is a great entry to space RTS games if you willing to put the time to actually play it and learn the basics. Last but not least the game has an excellent voice acting and story."
,Recommended,244160,14801186,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,yene,"epic voice acting, some minor bugs just save often"
,Recommended,244160,30729880,Posted: 25 March,all,AwildMaxappeared,"I have loved this game since it came out in 1999, but it keeps on freezing mid battle in the 6th mission of the first game and there's no way to report a problem because it just crashes. Maybe it has something to do with the number of ships, but I don't have that many."
76561198000109265,Recommended,244160,21814637,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,[4th RRS] outlw6669,"Homeworld is definatly a timeless classic of storytelling and gameplay; even more so now that its interface and graphics have been overhauled.  Highly recommended for any RTS fan and, for those who miss the paticularities of the classic 1999 version, Homeworld Classic and Homeworld 2 Classic are also included!  My only desire for the remastered collection is that they find a way to make Homeworld Cataclysm happen.  I know there is no chance (different studio created it and is rumored to have lost the source code), but you can alwys dream =D"
76561197995751473,Recommended,244160,25630572,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Arghblarg,"Loved the original game, and this updates the graphics nicely.My only regret is that this remastered version doesn't include Yes' awesome song, ""The Ladder"", beautifully synchronized with the game credits. Guess they couldn't get the renewed rights to it for this release. Worth watching the original version end credits just for that :)."
76561198198349197,Recommended,244160,25371921,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Epsilon Il,HW2 classic won't work. It's set to the wrong resolution and it won't work. I've looked up tutorials how to change the resoultion without going in game but it doesn't work. I've tried setting the launch options to change the screen resolution for the game but the screen resoultion for HW2 classic is still the same. Nothing seems to work for changing the screen resoultion. Can anyone help?(REVIEW) Great RTS game and has an awesome community. The game itself is pretty fun it and is great for people who play rts games.
76561197969689563,Recommended,244160,18882814,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Sithlord9,"I really love this game, it is one of my classic favourites. The art style still looks superb today and the story captures you well, even if the cutscenes are minimalistic. Only problem: the difficulty is quite high and some missions are simply to tough."
76561198011514532,Not Recommended,244160,28775848,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,OdoG,"Wow, this is worst than the original.  Ships go ""♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥""  and don't follow orders while also ignoring formations, has many bugs which have forced me to reload... another gearbox F up...  the game itself is ok, only because it is a remake of one of the best RTS games ever made.. but god, they ♥♥♥♥ up everything they touch.   Just play the originals, most of the time when you're zoomed out, you don't even notice the ""remastered""  graphics...   Upvoting due to the efforts of the original dev team...   a pile of steaming dog crap to the new devs, who can't even deliever when an amazing title is litterally placed into their hands...."
,Recommended,244160,25514229,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Holderist,"It's probably one of the best RTS strategy games ever. When the originals came out my friends and I had countless hours of fun playing against each other, and against the CPU during LAN parties. The remaster is beautiful. And although we don't have the same time to dig into MP, I got it to relive the campaign (tbh, never finished 2).If you like space games and / or strategy then this is a must have to your collection."
,Recommended,244160,25431083,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,kudlacz90,"Game is a must have. Story is well written. One big epic journey through space. Sometimes moving, sometimes gatting You angry. Remastered games show how much game progressed in some aspacts and gets simplified in others. Solid gameplay. Great Modding community. Harcore fans. Young blood and veterans in multi."
76561198005297629,Recommended,244160,25458776,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,HILLDOG,LOOVE THIS GAME! Wish the hyperspace map was easier to use like in the OG version. Also would like to see some of the AI bugs fixed but I really love this game too much to give it a bad review. The refined graphics take the cake!
76561198030654729,Recommended,244160,25459046,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,CaptainGilliam,"I keep very fond memories of the original Homeworlds. They were great games and the booklets helped me immerse myself in that universe. As remastered versions, Gearbox made a fantastic job to stay true to the originals and I enjoyed playing as much as I did back when the original games were released.Thank you!"
,Recommended,244160,22945993,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,wenslock,"The Homeworld series has a lot of great points, but personally I play this game for the gameplay rather than the graphical update. That being said, the graphics don't disappoint; especially if you have a mid to high-end PC (2015-16).In brings a lot of what made the original game great back and improved on some elements.There is a minor problem, graphically speaking. This can be fixed removing any overlays (Steam, AMD's Gaming Evolved) and so on.Defintely check it out if you're a fan of the originals or just like space strategy games in general."
,Recommended,244160,22699460,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,mrcalzon02,"nostalgia Buy, loved it, played a bit. might come back and play more fromtime to time. worth it if you dont have the hardcopies or never had the Chance to buy before.(ive already played and beaten copies the i own hardcopy.) Seams like a faithful Reamake and update of the older games."
,Recommended,244160,22621778,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Shurale yarata Katya,"I remember my father playing this original game and me 9 years old sitting beside him and watching all these spectacular ships in vast space.  It was 10 yers ago.And now there is this amazing polished Remastered edition of this grate game.  I've played it through in 1 week and now I realy want more. Sadly there are no many players in multyplayer.What can I say about this game more. There is great sountrack which makes goosbumps. Great involving story. Intensive gameplay. And of course 3D.About 3D, in Homeworld1 it sometimes gets very clunky and uncomfortable to manipulate your ships. Especially when you have large fleet.I realy have to show this game to my father. He is going to love it.9/10"
,Recommended,244160,22638443,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Overlordwatch,"It is incredibly hard to come by an RTS that is actually good (for me, anyway).I seriously recommend this game to ANYONE who is a die hard fan for RTS games."
,Recommended,244160,22595408,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Vengeance 208,this is a live game
,Not Recommended,244160,19832389,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,hougster,"A great, classic game, modernized. Some bugs, but you can work around them. Think of this as Starcraft on steroids. Models are completely redone for the remastered HW1 version, not just a slap of new skin.APRIL 26, 2016But, the bugs are huge, and the developers are apparently not wanting to make this game stable. Some annoying, game breaking bugs are:1. Collectors stop collecting randomly, you must keep an eye on them. This flaw really hurts in game when you're low on resources, much to my surprise it's because the collectors are taking a smoke break.2. You can't Kamikaze, I think only the HW2 ships can.3. You can only select one ship at a time to salvage, not a group. Apparently, salavage corvettes have a limited attention span now?4. Some ships ignore orders. Most notoriously, support frigates.5. Ships get anxious around asteroids, spaz out for awhile before moving/following an order.6. AI in CPU vs Player mode knows where you are at all times, will hyperjump to you within a minute when you try escaping. And of course, BattleCruisers always have the GravWell enabled when they jump.7. Capital ships have a limited attention span, will attack other ships despite you telling them to attack a different one in front of them.8. You cannot enable Fuel mode in multiplayer (HW1). This makes strategy less interesting, it always made those long distance attack runs a nail biting adventure.9. Not a fan of HW2, stopped 1/3 the way through.10. If the AI in multiplayer has HW2 ships, you're essentially toast. Maybe it's a different type of strategy, but I could never seem to match their fleet strength playing as a HW2 race."
76561198009689646,Recommended,244160,22987985,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,dave4985,"This is a pleasant trip down memory lane for me.  I played Homeworld 2 back when it first came out.  I later tried Homeworld 1, but couldn't get into it due to the clunky controls and UI.  The Remastered edition uses the HW2 UI interface, and I suppose I finally got to see what everyone was talking about.  I'm glad I did.  If you don't care for the remastered games, the original versions are included as well, with the only changes being that they run on modern hardware.  There's a reason these games are held up as classics of the genre.  If you like RTS games, you should give these a try."
,Recommended,244160,14655752,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,MLG Potato,"Built 5 battlcruisers and enough gunships to blow up the death star.Used my last RUs (in game currency) to hyperspace all my ships in one last attack to finish the war.When they leave, I realize that the mothership was left unprotected.The enemy attack my mothership and the few shipyards I left with it.Spend the next minute watching as my entire colony is helplessly destroyed.Activated the self distruct protocol in all of my ships and ended the game.I r8 10/10 would destroy my people again."
76561198212956897,Recommended,244160,21641876,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,JosieDog,Who did not like Homeword and Homeworld 2?    I thought the whole world liked this game.
76561198248148116,Recommended,244160,22282078,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Censoredmammal,"Homeworld... what can you say it's a video game that defies space, time and gravity. It rocked the galaxy then and still does now. Thanks for redoing this. :-)Well done a great job."
76561198241735940,Recommended,244160,21196380,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,mmackin,Great game. Original & remastered.
,Not Recommended,244160,21162801,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Conclude,"I am writing this review only from what I've played in the original HW remaster, as that's the only reason I bought the game. This version of this game is ok. I only recommend it if you are a diehard Homeworld fan and want to see the ships in HD awesomeness. Other than that, it is actually a huge let down.The main point of this review is to list a few things that are different(in a bad way) between this and the original Homeworld.-Strike craft no longer have finite fuel and do not require refuels-Resource collectors must be constantly told to harvest, as they will stall and idle if not near any resources-You cannot capture assault frigates and use them in your fleet in the third mission. They are converted to RU's instead.-Sphere formation when guarding is laughable. Your ships form a small sphere to the side of your guarded ship, rather than encircling the ship as a sphere with the guarded ship the origin.-Strike Craft will downright LEAVE a ship they are guarding leaving it open for other craft-There are many MANY small bugs throughout what I've played so far that are just downright silly. Two examples of this, are in the second mission, it is possible that if your first salvage corvette is destroyed after salving the wreckage, any corvette afterwards will be unable to salvage. Additionally, salvage corvettes get really glitchy when capturing big ships, and when you have distraction fighters dropping like flies, time is of the essence, but when the salvage corvettes are glitching out and wasting time, it ruins a nicely executed plan.-Many ships have had their attributes changed. The Assault Frigate (not the best frigate, but still) now is much weaker than the original Homeworld.Fortunately, this release comes with the original version of Homeworld. But this game suffers from a lack of passionate programmers ensuring the underlying code works properly and is faithful to the original gameplay. It really feels like this game was outsourced by Gearbox, similar to Aliens: Colonial Marines.I'm starting to believe that if it's not Borderlands, don't buy it from Gearbox."
76561197966406325,Not Recommended,244160,21159247,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Chronibis,"I am a huge RTS fan and I was excited to try out this game for the first time but within the first 5 hours I've had the game crash at least 3 times and now whenever i try to play mission 10 on the HW1 campaign, my game just keeps crashing. Since I'm brand new to homeworld, playing the campaign is crutial to learning everything about the game (units, upgrades, etc.). Instead of just learning it all from scratch through skirmish.After reading a bunch of user reviews it seems like the ""general failure"" is just 1 of many problems this remastered version has (the fact they broke unit formations and changed the simulated projectiles really puzzles me). Unfortunately I can't recommend this game in its current state, sure it looks great compared to the classic releases but the fact that i can't even complete the campaign because of game crashes really ruins the experience for me.Fix the game and I will update my review."
76561198206137392,Recommended,244160,21090442,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,ColderAce,"A true classic, where do I begin...-Gameplay is incredible (especialy in 2) and is very engadging. With alot of variety and stratagy not to mention a very crafty AI that will keep you on your toes.-The story in 1 is one of the best in all of gaming and is a truely moving experience.-The backgrounds and textures are absolutely beautiful and shows just how a remaster should be done.The only thing I can say I did not like was that some of the story missions were occasionaly tedious, but VS CPU mode and a fantastic story more than make up for it. All in all this game is a masterpiece and is well worth $35."
76561198278348762,Recommended,244160,21247387,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,jesse.irving1,Anyone know how to download the stars wars warlords mod to homeworld 2. i have no idea how to be able to play the game ive been tryin for days.
76561197967347162,Recommended,244160,21248089,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Bill Sansky,"Overall a good remastering, but still some very annoying bug remain. The pathfinding and the formation of ship is quite bugged, and some units are way less functional than in the original titles (for instance the marine frigate of homeworld 2 was less bugged in the original). It looks great, but I wish more work was put into improving the AI, not lowering its quality.I think it would have been great to put a bit more work into it, but being Homeworld, I fully recommend it. It the only RTS ever made to be so mystical, slow and contemplative. The ships' design is awesome, and the story, while being very classic, is well narrated."
,Recommended,244160,21244122,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,ScuD,just like i remembered. but better. way better. with mod support. omfg mod support.
76561197975326785,Recommended,244160,21399030,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,HyperToxic,"The devs did a really good job bringing this game back.  I loved it again =)I played the original Homeworld and loved it for many reasons, one of those reasons was having no unit limits.  When I purchased HW:RC I played Homeworld 2 first and was disappointed with the unreasonably small unit limit on the smaller craft.  After finishing Homeworld 2 Remasterd and played Homeworld 1 remastered I was happy to see that at least the unit cap was set to 70 for the light craft."
,Recommended,244160,21495400,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,richardas.rac,Very nice upgdate to a classic masterpiece. Definitely recommend to everyone who is into space strategy games. This game is unique offering a Battlestar Galactica - like atmosphere of space exploration and very thoughtful battle situations. Hopefully the developers continue to upgrade this wonderful product and refine the multiplayer experience as well.
,Recommended,244160,20423228,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Argus,I liked it a lot as an opportunity to relive an old favorite. Unfortunately things changed in the remake (formations were broken) and this somehow has caused me to leave off for a while.
,Recommended,244160,20407430,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,K'Had Sajuuk,Best RTS Game ever made. Great story. Epic music 10/10
76561198077477609,Recommended,244160,20409785,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,TheWiseOne,This is thee best Real Time Strategy game that I've played. It has awsome graphics mixed with beautiful music and it ran smoothly with no problems at all.I'm looking forward to the next game of this series!
,Not Recommended,244160,20624772,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Iceman,"Has an entertaining campaign that lasts about a dozen hours, the latter partly due to slow gameplay. However, the texture, music and gameplay changes with the remaster do not solely justify the asking price. The content is too little for a modern game.Maybe fun for nostalgia, not worth it as a modern RTS."
76561197974595854,Recommended,244160,20638826,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Helushka,"I don't honestly remeber just how long ago it was that I played this at release. However I have to say play it with a bit of ""new"" sure is good... If you even remoted remember playing this back in the day you will enjoy playing it again. All the memories and with new-ish graphics/textures. Would be fantasic to have new models and effects, but it is what it is..."
76561198011978178,Recommended,244160,20627723,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,TomW712,"The best childhood ride in my life!!!! Love it as much as I did 13 yrs ago. Okay, There are some game breaking glitches, the graphic despite being the best back in 2003 but still far from EVE or other modern space games but the unmistakable atmostphere, the loneliness, the chaotic fighter dogfights. It's homeworld as it has always been."
76561198162738291,Recommended,244160,20583824,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Tegal Black,"I enjoyed the original games, but never completed them.  I'm particularly enjoying the mods that are coming out."
76561198263123050,Recommended,244160,20596655,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Treleven for 927 2016,"so, ive been playing, and i must say, why the hell the game so hard!!!!!! its fun!!!!! but its hard!!!!!!!!!!!!!!also salvage corvettes are so cute."
,Recommended,244160,20636624,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Ebojager,"Amazing game and even better as Remastered. I was expecting to have to run the classic versions on my Laptop, but I couldnt go back after seeing how good the remastered looks, plus It plays very well. Its well worth the slight performance hit to have the graphics so much better.Lenovo Flex 2-15 i5 4210u 6mb Ram 1920x1080 (Im playing on 1600*900 though)"
76561197985160995,Recommended,244160,14954783,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,J-Dub,"Homeworld Remastered is a literal blast from the past. When the original Homeworld was released, there was no other game like it. You'd think combat on a 3D plane would be complicated, but through some kind of magic the people at Relic somehow perfected it. Combat is swift, heart-racing and tactical. Nothing's more satisfying than hyperspacing cloaked ships right onto an enemy, only for them to find out too late.Though, I feel combat isn't Homeworld's strongest point. It's the story. From the first cutscene, there's are waves of emotions. Fighting through the entire galaxy to reclaim your homeworld is a true struggle, and losing any ship along the way is heartwrenching.The remastered Homeworld 1 is slightly different though. Being made in the Homeworld 2 engine has removed fuel from ships and classic formations aren't quite the same. Enemy waves during the final mission (of HW1RM) have a lot of down time, either due to different damage rates, large time between waves themselves, or both. The final mission is still as epic, but I remember it being more intense in classic Homeworld 1.This collection is well worth your money. Four games for less than price of one modern game? C'mon... there's no question."
,Recommended,244160,20519112,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Misfit Rader,"first of all let me establish my homeworld credentials i played the original game on day one when it first came out but i was too much of a kid to truly understand it, i spent countless hours reading and rereading the game manual for all the ship specs and the game lore just putting myself into the story. then cataclysm came out and i though i had to finish the first homeworld 400+ hours later i finally managed to peel the plastic off of the now dusty cataclysm jewel case to find out everything i loved about the original had been changed. in some ways for the better, in some for the worse.now mind you having said that my review might seem to be stained by nostalgia, i'l admit somewhat it is, if youre buying it to play the old game you remember from way back when, save your cash friends, however if you just wanna see the game in high def with a few gameplay tweaks to make it more inline with HW2 which is included, step in line.this game is wonderful, pure and simple, the soundtrack is as always the perfect background, inspiring at times haunting and emotional at others and helps to tie everything together. however mechanics have been somewhat tweaked as well and not necesarilly in a good way. formations are alot looser, tactics dont seem to have as much an impact as they used to and as a whole everything feels off. weaker guns stronger armor, and tbh it sometimes feels rock paper scisorry between marching the best ship against your opponets.dont get me wrong it does offer a much needed challenge but it does feel a bit out of place.however honestly my only real complaint is the lack of a cataclysm hd.tldr; buy the game and fight me"
,Recommended,244160,20578356,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Insomnix,"I played these games when they were originally released. Being able to play them now on a bigger screen and better graphics, it takes these games to another level. Great game for noobs and experienced players."
76561197961232939,Recommended,244160,20655971,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,lpcoolee10,"Aweome game. It has stood the test of time well. Personally, I enjoyed it as much as the original."
76561197977989409,Recommended,244160,20595416,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Unearthed,"This game is awesome!! One of the best strategy games ever created!! Excellent Graphics, excellent sound, and excellent gameplay.  A must buy for anyone who likes RTS games."
,Recommended,244160,20596076,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Scrappydew,10/10
76561198047656500,Recommended,244160,20605781,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,mirar.cmd,"Great remake of the original HW series!I didn't experience any gamebreaking bugs throughout the campaign yet and multiplayer works also quite well.Only issue atm. is to find multiplayer games, not many people playing online."
,Recommended,244160,20656996,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,silverhokum,"Best PC RTS ever. EVER, ALL TIME, O and the Deserts of Kharak. umm good *^%%$&^ Great. Im in My happy place"
76561197969286228,Recommended,244160,20516553,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Necron,What was awesome about this then is still very much the same kind of awesome... but with a texture upgrade!
76561197983784591,Recommended,244160,20517509,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,DirtyStiv,i w8 soo long for thise game t get new imruved update soo i can ay it on win 10 1 of best rts space :)
76561197996691450,Recommended,244160,20574061,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,C H I K O N,"I'm a big fan of the Homeworld series and I was excited about preordering Deserts of Kharak and being able to try out Homeworld Remastered and Homeworld 2 Remastered. I can honestly say that these are more than just reskinned classics. The developers have really taken a lot of care to not only update the graphics but the gameplay is smooth and the interfaces are beautiful and easily navigatable. The amount of attention to detail is truely remarkable. The way that asteriods glow blue veins as they become depleted of resources is just one of the fine details the art team has taken to insure that the immersion is deep and real. Looking at the ship designs, I was expecting minor changes to the graphics but the developers have really seen to it that each ship is carefully detailed to bring each vessel to life. I think the strongest aspect of the Homeworld series is its artstyle and Gearbox has done a wonderful job of staying true to that artstyle while breathing fresh life into old models. I'm loving this remastered series and if you've played Homeworld in the past or are interested in getting into this saga, definitely pick this one up!"
,Recommended,244160,20695598,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,RyanMC98,"This is a excellent game.  I'm good at it lol, then again I played the original :)  This version is prettier though, and plays well."
76561198170322075,Recommended,244160,20706159,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Dangerconner,I like the game and all its glory but the third mission for homeworld 2 is to hard for my likeings
76561198206903928,Recommended,244160,20096702,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Buttsaggington,Loved this game so far. I played the original homeworld cataclysm and really like the (slight) changes they made to gameplay and controls of the game.
76561198025205424,Recommended,244160,20113384,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,imann_nat,This is cool and the upgrade is both UI and graphics make the games a nice game play experience. I only have one problem with this and its that the three game in this series is not included. For those not in the know it is Homeworld Cataclysm it was not made by relic for sierra but by barking dog studios for sierra. I know that a few poeple are making a steam workshop add on by it would of made this remastered just awesome if was add to. But in all this is so worth your time to play.
76561198260985007,Not Recommended,244160,20112111,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,davi4648,"Played the original, cataclysm, and 2 after they first came out... fantastic! but this remastered version while very nicely executed as far as the graphics are concerned, is horrible. The ships cost more, the RUs you collect during play is less, the AI is broken and almost impossible to beat unless you're cheating (I did! :P) and the standard verison that doesn't have the newer graphics drivers still suffers from the same problems as the remastered verison. please fix."
76561197976598858,Recommended,244160,19818457,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Shadout,"The original Homeworld was amazing. Gearbox royally screwed up by trying to jam HW1 into HW2's engine however and many of HW1's core features are irreparably broken in this edition. Ship AI, formations, tactics, and support ships are all worthless. If you disagree with me after trying this game, then it is probably because you never played the original.Other than that, the graphic improvements are all very well done.I'm going to post that I recommend this game, but I would actually recommend the original vice remastered for playing HW1."
76561198058422151,Not Recommended,244160,19811405,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,procedural,"If ""remastering"" means re-recording all the old voices with extremely subpar voice acting, this is the game for you. I couldn't get through 5 minutes of it (after completing the original Homeworld many years ago.)Sadly I purchased this before Steam's refund policy went into effect, but I'd advise against wasting your time. The next time I want to play Homeworld, I'll put together a vintage PC."
76561198005428151,Recommended,244160,19812708,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Ashua,i love this game
76561197984484711,Recommended,244160,19830017,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,-Frigadier-,"Classic game, but HW2 needs a rework of the controls.  Ships don't do what you tell them to - tell them to attack a target, and they'll pick a different one.  Tell them to get into formation - they don't.  An entire fleet completely falls out of formation because they saw a single fighter fly nearby.  Really disappointing.  Makes some missions a real headache to play."
76561198058224966,Recommended,244160,19867817,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Mixed,"Its fun and the graphics are nice, but this is not a faithful adaption of the original game. The UI was changed significantly, and some mechanics and balancing have been changed as well. It's still fun, but I would consider it a completely new game."
,Recommended,244160,14671932,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,bobthepie,"Made a giant space fleet, sent them into battle, toggled to focus camera follow on one little fighter; pilot was called Lilhawk. Watched Lilhawk fight his way to near victory until an evil frigate took him down 10/10 the feels were real."
,Recommended,244160,19859244,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Gucci Priest,"I have only played Homeworld 1, but still I would recommend this. At full price I think this is worth it given that it includes both 1 & 2, but if you're just going to play Homeworld 1, buy it on a sale.This is a fantastic remake. Absolutely worth playing, even if you haven't played the original (I didn't). There's tons of fun to be had in the single player campaign, and it is truly a gorgeous game to look at."
,Recommended,244160,19825802,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Major Stress,"While not quite the same as Classic Homeworld. Homeworld 1 Remastered does satisfy. Being built on a modified HW2 engine Veteran players will have to change some strategys to compensate for the HW2 Game Play Mechanics. I view this as a Very Good ""Homeworld 2 Mod"" For Homeworld 2. The ship re-designs are spot on. There is no denying the effort that went into the art work of the game. It is just awesome.Homeworld 2 Remastered plays exactly like Classic HW2. Pretty much the only changes i can see were made to the graphics to bring them up to date. It is obvious that more effort was made for HW1: remastered than for HW2: remastered. Most of the HW2 ships look as if they used the same classic HW2 model, but were just retextured with a higher resolution skin, and bump mapped. Not necessarily a bad thing. The game still looks great.Definetly recommend this for veteran HW fans, and newcomers alike."
,Recommended,244160,19997926,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Crisp Rat,All in all its pretty good! I have had no problems with the crashing and no lag.I was told my specs wouldnt beable to run well but they run fine!Comment below if you need help or are considering buying this game...
76561198079058993,Recommended,244160,19915261,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,JM  ///,space version of aoe2 lol
76561198253042494,Recommended,244160,19915409,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Bandit_M3,"This is an awesome revisioning of a timeless classic.I remember reading the original review in PC gamer magazine and rushing to HMV to buy it.Playing this again brought back memories of my younger years.The graphics have drastically been improved, whilst refining the original gameplay and overall feel.The story is original and gripping. The plot development in both games is well paced and keeps you playing.Overall a great game and well worth the buy."
,Recommended,244160,19895945,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Mechanic,"Thank you Gearbox for bringing this Classic back and better than ever! While this is a masterpiece of itself, it does have a few flaws (surprisingly). 1. You have left Cataclysm out, and while source code is lost, can you just remake the textures and polish it. 2. I'm not sure if It's just a minority of people, including me, but I can't run HW2 Classic on my computer.  If you want to know my specs, I use a 64bit version Windows 8.1 With 4GB of Ram and 1GHz AMD A4-1250 APU Processor. 3. The HW Workshop is more barren than the desert. I'm not going to pin this on you, but hopefully the Workshop will be full of awesome mods. That is all my criticisms/complaints about the Remastered version. I hope that you will learn from these mistakes and make Deserts of Kharak a awesome prequel. :-)"
76561198094838009,Recommended,244160,26224185,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,AxelG9,"I've been playing Homeworld since it was first launched in 1999 and it's still one of, if not THE best, best strategy games. With tridimensional space to make your strategies, lots of nice designed ships, it´s story is awesome and it's environments outstanding. With Remastered Collection, Homeworld's stories are revived with all the ships looking as awesome as ever, moving around in a more immersive and beautiful environment of all universe."
76561198274761682,Recommended,244160,26225892,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,kingwilder007,NOW FIRST THING FIRST PRO# Just a fun game# Look GREAT compare to the first one# One of the best lore storyP.s  AMAZING GameBUTTTTT THE HW2 MODS DO NOT ♥♥♥♥ING WORK AND MODING IT  IS HALF THE ♥♥♥♥ING FUN.AND the game sometime bugs out steam and stop you from being able to  to see it unless your in big screen mode and the only way to get it fixed is to uninstill steam all together SO YA THE CONS OF THE GAME BUT STILL ONE OF THE BEST
76561198097242570,Recommended,244160,26592680,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Appeeling Banana,"I really enjoy this game.It's challenging.It's not a easy win.The story is amazing.Graphics are insanely beautiful.I do recommend this product for single player fun, although not for multiplayer because there is really no one playing multiplayer.Even if there was it's a mess because if one person is lagging it pauses the game until that person leaves or is done ddosing you.Also there is little customization for making your multiplayer fleet. Your own personal fleet has only TWO colors in which can be displayed. Blue and Red, Yellow and Orange, etc.9.237677764134689356875325677788942256678722456780027Out of 10."
,Recommended,244160,26773735,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Tower [EGC],"A great storyline, with fantastic cinematics and some memorable moments. Possibly one of the few strategy games I remember because of its storyline."
76561197994468120,Recommended,244160,26975158,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Prof Doom,Brings back good memories.
76561198047898856,Recommended,244160,27007852,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jab 👌,"With the 2.0 update, I can safely recommend this game. You'll notice that a lot of negative reviews are from when this collection was released and was failed to be fixed and restored to faithful gameplay mechanics of the original games. Now that it's back and better than ever, this is truely an excellent remaster of an already masterfully crafted RTS from 1999.The graphics, sound, atmosphere are all flawless. The control scheme is incredible and exactly what you would expect. The combat has good depth thanks to how formations and vertical/horizontal flight paths work. The soundtrack truely builds an atmosphere in this game that just doesn't seem to be replicated even to this day.I really can't recommend this game enough, it's that good. Easily worth it on sale."
,Recommended,244160,26779403,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,__Miguel_,"Back when the original Homeworld was launched, I got it for Christmas. I devoured the manual, loved the backstory. The game was revolutionary for the time (first true fully 3D, 3-axis-of-freedom RTS).Seeing the updated game intro brought me back to 1999, and tears to my eyes, it was gorgeous.It's still everything it was back then, an amazing game and piece of art. I'll always consider it a classic."
,Recommended,244160,26777703,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[TO]PLightstar,Can load up this game any time and always have a blast. Though unsure why AI hates resource frigates soo much. Mods extend the fun.
76561198041986793,Recommended,244160,26855987,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,karlvanderstone,Definitely recommend this game. Played the original versions fully through back in the day and did it again with these ones. Good story.
76561197975006199,Recommended,244160,26900639,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sir Lejsen,"When you hear the deep creaking sound of the capital ship's hull, and see the fires of its many scars of battle, just before the blinding explosion, then you know.. this game was the right choice, and there are none like it."
,Recommended,244160,26977148,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Draconus,"This is a true classic, a masterpiece of strategy gaming. This is how you do a remake/reboot, take a quality game, update it, and then make it available digitally where it wasn't before. Though I still have my original disk, it was hard to find before this release. Buy it, explore 3d space tactics, and enjoy the phenomenal single player story campaign."
,Recommended,244160,27995068,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Fuzzel,"This is childhood memories coming to life. Gearbox did a fantastic job together with Blackbird Interactive (most original HW developers) to remasterd this gem.They could have done a cheap compatibility patch for both games and I would have bought it, no questions asked.But they went the extra mile and actually remastered it properly. They brought back the old voice actors and the OST composer to completly remake everything, recreated all the iconic cutscenes, and retained every last detail of both original games. And flawless intigration of both games into one multiplayer component.Listen up devs: If you want to remasterd a game, this is how you do it.Homeworld Remastered looks feels and sounds exactly like I remember it through my nostalgia shades.Well done!"
76561198130832934,Recommended,244160,27989018,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,WooKie,"great game when i first played it and still is. supreme comander with 3D movment, and the words ""in space"" makes everything better, accept C.O.D of course =D"
,Recommended,244160,27646610,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,kamx,it is greatnow we just need Homeworld: Cataclysm..... but don't think we'll never get that :(
,Recommended,244160,27749753,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Xtreme331,"A beautiful remastery of an absolutely amazing game. Visuals are beautiful, gameplay is challenging and engaging. The remastered collection does a superb job of bringing this game up to today's standards."
,Recommended,244160,27786830,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,titan10k,Remastered of one of my all-time favourites. 9.5/10
,Recommended,244160,27886388,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Nanook,"Amazing game, lovely space design and a beautiful story. Multiplayer is a blast too!"
76561198042745610,Recommended,244160,27879057,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Hari_-_Seldon,Epic game!
,Recommended,244160,27877210,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Darjeeling,"This is a great game. Can't say much more. I love this. Its a great old RTS which continues to hold its own today. If you love RTS games, this is a must buy."
76561198060433751,Recommended,244160,27882390,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,xeen313,Fun 4X space game with tons of ideas in the workshop! I got it on sale and no regrets!
76561197975110718,Recommended,244160,27944685,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,FUKSINLIITURAITA,So many good memories and now with better graphics. You must have this game if you ever play strategy games! The story is awsome and the music aah..
76561198107100227,Recommended,244160,27954865,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,PythonRazer2021,"I have been playing this game for about a year now, and I must say that it is one of the only RTS games that I come back to and play again. The original editions of Homeworld 1 and 2 are absolutly spectacular and have brought about a new way of looking at strategy games to me. The seemless transition from Original to Remastered is tough, not only because of the different look the games have, but that the Ai is the same for both, some of the old features were lost, like how the hive ships had to dock and re-fule in the original Homeworld one. Both games are awesome in every regard, as remastered and originals."
76561198030563610,Recommended,244160,27968744,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Mako,Writing this review for the Steam Awards. I stil do love this game though.
76561198018883457,Recommended,244160,27939830,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Ricord_FX,"Overall this is a really good game, very cool space war with cool graphics and very entertaining lore. Also the way you can build your strategy on a 3d map is very interesting. My thought is that if you like sci fi and strategy games then you should buy it."
76561198046960736,Recommended,244160,27941143,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,FewFingerDeathPunch,"This game is a beautiful remastering, I played the Homeworld Series since I was just a kid, and this is everything I hoped the remastering would beI simply just want to add to the already overhwhelmingly positive review number"
76561198076746998,Recommended,244160,27977533,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,DardelTyrel,"Ok, so this great for many reason:- It was my first RTS in 3D. That alone would have been great, given the time.- It came with an awesome manual, with the history of the Clans and even a debate about how to use the fleet. A debate ending in a heated argument- Because you have read the manual, the story - already really interesting per se - becomes really compelling. I really wanted to see the end. There were always a bit more resources to collect, another frigate to capture, one more fighter to destroy. The Emperor, I must get to the Emperor!- What about the music? You come back to your planet, which is burning, and you listen to a great ""Agnus Dei"" a cappella. The credit song made me also discover the Yes.Seriously, just buy it."
76561197970755712,Recommended,244160,27726208,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Crapula,"One of the best strategy games of all time (considering 1+cataclysm+2). Intriguing and mysterious history, very powerful narrative, defying dificulty and brilliant execution. There were nothing like this in 1999 and many tried to copy HW. But what I like most is the sense of loneliness, urgency and desperation of kushan/hiigaran which I feel mine each step.Uno de los mejores juegos de estrategia de todos los tiempos (considerando 1 + cataclysm+ 2). Historia intrigante y misteriosa, narrativa muy poderosa, dificultad desafiante y la brillante ejecución. No había nada como esto en 1999 y muchos intentaron copiarlo. Pero lo que más me gusta es la sensación de soledad, urgencia y desesperación de los kushan / hiigaran que siento la mía a cada paso que doy en la historia.10/10"
,Recommended,244160,27816148,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Bud-X,Great remaster of an old classical mastepiece.
,Recommended,244160,27908788,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,MrClean88,I remeber playing the originals many many moons ago and with the remastered collection you get a graphical update while keeping the original addictive gameplay of the original game.  A must for space RTS lovers!
76561198009130326,Recommended,244160,27903076,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,seymourlk,"Best game I ever played. Thank You for remastering it. I would play it for hours and was very challenging. The story line and soundtrack sucked you into the game. The great thing about the game was 3D feeling when you panned around (either in the main game view or the strategic command view), plus the option the click individual ships and see the detail of each ship in the game. I would recommend this game to anyone."
76561198054146298,Recommended,244160,27962843,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,aco.latkoski,"amazing game (period)Nominated for ""THE “TEST OF TIME” AWARD"""
,Recommended,244160,15862501,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,LUKASIK,pretty gucci
76561198049803539,Recommended,244160,23615899,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Very Vile,what else can i say this game is freaking awesome first played it in the early 2000's i'll play it from time to time
,Recommended,244160,23509499,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Sniperturtle,"The best RTS game every created.C&C looks like a Kindergarten compared to this.- Awesome scenery- Complex strategical navigation in 3 dimensions with locations of higher tactical significance than others- 2 games with one epic story of a race hunted through the vast reaches of the galaxy by merciless enemies- Great atmosphere- Realistic Sensors and comms, if there were big fleets of battleships in space this is very likey the way they would organize- Many good mods- This game leaves nothing to ask for, apart from that it doesn't turn RUs into coffee for youIf you like RTS games this one is a must, 10/10 and i am serious about this one."
76561198093378188,Recommended,244160,23564581,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Psyc0ziz,Loved the original Homeworld and played Cataclysm as well. Cant go wrong with a good remaster of an already classic game.
76561198009095270,Recommended,244160,24059245,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,paxshark,"well worth the money ,, better than i remembered  ,, and easy to load some mods ,, shame i waited so long to get it back , ( I owned HW2 from the  CD , but lost in time :) )"
,Recommended,244160,24109188,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Λғғєҡs,"The best reworks Ive seen in the gaming industry, both audio and visuals were updated. A few mechanics have been flawed with the rework, but all in all a wonderfull purchase."
76561198053881349,Recommended,244160,24190803,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Lightning Sniper 243,Very good game. one to have
,Recommended,244160,23994597,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,henry,"Perhaps one of the best Sci-Fi Real Time Strategy games I have ever played.The voice acting is incredible, the visuals are GORGEOUS, the gameplay is fun and it has an enjoyable yet difficult campaign. Lore is rich and really damn cool.My favourite game."
,Recommended,244160,23897998,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,wildan3236,"Never play this series before and i see why everyone love this game back in the 90s now. Also this game teach me about how hard managing a fleet, because my fleet keep getting destroyed in every mission.10/10"
,Recommended,244160,21958847,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,xSneaK,The campaign is worth the sale price alone.Very controllable and playable game despite it's age. Updated graphics are pretty.Multiplayer doesn't have enough players to consistently play it and players with high ping cause the entire game to lag.
76561197970680531,Recommended,244160,24194265,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Krassimir,"Homeworld Remastered Collection is a beautiful remaster of the original Homeworld. I would recommend this game in its entirety. If you're new to the series then you will be welcomed by about 4 core faction races for multiplayer and endless hours of 3D space warfare. The only downside is the amount of multiplayer maps which are included, and the size and design of them. Currently the community doesn’t offer much in the face of new maps, which makes replayability a bit of a short ended stick. Although the 4 races are cool and somewhat unique, they lack major discernment. I would've liked a whole different race design or two in there, and sadly we don't get that with the Remastered multiplayer experience.If you like the idea of Homeworld, I would recommend this title. Also if you’re an original Homeworld fan and are looking for a replacement, this isn’t a bad choice."
76561198044920787,Recommended,244160,24192958,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Pryde,"Epicness manifested. Space warships battles + Original Soundtracks by Paul Raskay created incredible atmosphere for a galactic Exodus, a journey home."
,Recommended,244160,24237703,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,SmithyUK,"To my shame I haven't managed to play this much but it's great to see Homeworld restored, one of the best games ever made!"
76561198053500451,Recommended,244160,14686370,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Tosche Station,"Homeworld Remastered Collection includes all parcels of the Homeworld franchinse, except for Homeworld Cataclysm. Unfortunately I did not have the opportunity to enjoy the original in the 90s due to the lack of life. But this edition fixes that by reintroducing an amazing RTS gaming experience. Aside from the great price-to-content ratio, the gameplay and design improvements provide a spectacular set for both an interstellar epic and an interstellar war. In the remastered edition of Homeworld 1, the story appeals to every human’s instinctive desire: exploration. What would a space-game be without a voyage through the vastness of the cosmos? The skirmish mode appeals to unique space physics. Unlike many other gravity-deprived RTS games, Homeworld combines true science with fictional science in perfect proportions, avoiding a space simulation but maintaining a somewhat credible reality. For example, constant explosions during a battle enhance the gameplay, but at the sacrifice having sound travel through no medium-- violating physical principle. However, science martinets should not worry because the soundtrack and plot attract your attention perpetually. I don’t know if Barber's Adagio for strings was featured in the original Homeworld 1, but its inclusion in the remastered version definitely adds to the dramatic story. All of these aspects sum to an enjoyable experience, but not without the occasional flaw. Thankfully, only minor and often insignificant. Sometimes the 'skybox' (in context, ‘skybox’ is not concise, but you get the idea) shows a strange illustration. If there is a galaxy in the background, stars behind it will be equally luminous as ones far away from the galaxy. My reasoning leads me to think the stars should be perceived at least slightly dimmer. The units rarely break formation, but when they do, controlling combat becomes difficult. Also, in one story mission, a relatively large ship I deployed got stuck between my mother ship and a computer mother ship, rendering it unusable. Aside from these, I found the game to run smoothly. 9/10."
76561198064287207,Recommended,244160,23500381,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Ten Of Swords,one of my favourite gamesgreat remasterlooks amazing in HD
,Recommended,244160,20260304,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Twiz,Thank the devs for fixing all the things that♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥everyone off...Buy this game. It is now perfect.
,Recommended,244160,17380731,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,⎛ SnowLured ⎞,"ONE OF THE BEST VALUES ON STEAM RIGHT NOW!The classic version + the newer version + multiplayer AND the new update makes this game absolutely GORGEOUS to look at and play. The 2.0 update has made an incredible game on par with PERFECT...and if you looked at my other reviews you'd see that I don't put that label ANYWHERE else.For the money, this is head and shoulders above 99% of the games out there. Don't hesitate if you even sort of like RTS, this game is now a masterpiece."
76561198007145952,Recommended,244160,17229367,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Arcterran,"Hoo boy this is going to be a long one!  I played the first one back when I must have been around 13 years old, AND LOVED IT! Played the second one a while later and liked it but it didn't quite do it like the first one did. That bias is probably never going to go away but I'll do my best.Gearbox has been nice enough to package the originals in case:A) Your computer can't run the remastersB) You are a HW1 PuristC) You liked a bunch of HW2 Mods that haven't made the jump to Remaster yetBecause of this, this is going to be THREE seperate reviews (HW1 Classic, HW1 R, HW2/Remaster), since HWR, HW2, and HW2R use the same engine.Lets Talk HW1 Classic first.Homeworld 1 Came out in 1998 and blew minds for being an RTS that allowed for Full 3D control and you could effectivley re-enact the Battle of Endor from Return of the Jedi.My take? It's a legend, for good reason. Granted age has taken it's toll on this (Notably low-ish framerate, and some poor UI decisions that do make things harder to execute at times), but it is still a brilliant, Micro-oriented RTS with emphasis on Unit composition and formation management.Essentially all ships have a set amount of manuverability, and some ships have better turret coverage than others, while other ships (Fighters, excluding defenders and Taiidan Defense fighters, and Ion cannon frigates) can only fire forward, in a normal RTS this may be a nightmare to properly set up, except for one single mechanic, formations. Formations allow you to take full advantage of your fleet by arranging them in a pattern. Be it the claw formation which is a great offensive formation for fighters and corvettes as they envelop their prey, sphere for defending your resourcing operations, or an imposing wall of Capital ships to focus down other ships in quick succession. Knowing what you have and adapting your formation tactics is key to winning fights in HW1. Granted unit composition does a lot of heavy lifting too, but it does play a signifigant factor in combat.It also has what I feel how story SHOULD be handled in gaming. Most of the story happens to you, and conveyed through in-game scenarios. The worldbuilding is fan-freakin tastic, with some genuinley unsettling set pieces, beautiful use of Adiago for strings (I still tear up every time it's played), and of course, THE GALAXY ACTUALLY FEELS LIKE IT'S TRYING TO KILL YOU! It's not a terribly complicated story, but it'll hit you in the feels, not to mention the writing is top notch.Also you have a persistent fleet, meaning your resources, tech, and surviving ships carry over into the next mission. It's a neat concept and fits nicely into the story they were telling. Plus Salvage corvettes, those things are awesome.Speaking of, the interim mission cenematics are quite stylish, basicaly animated concept art with some voice over in the background, it's a style relic will be known for (Company of Heroes comes to mind).Also special mention to the tutorial, it doesn't progress until you get the mechanics and are ready to advance, then throws you into a small battle just to make sure.Of course it has some issues that got worse with age. For one, in many missions (especailly a lot of the earlier ones) the strategy is to abuse triggers so you builld a strong enough fleet to take on the fleet you know is coming (Since they ambush you the first time), and then activate the trigger. This also kills quite a bit of the pacing, since construction takes FOREVER when you are building a fleet (not to mention the sluggish post-mission resource gathering).That said, there are plenty of missions that don't follow this, and the best ones are those where you have to think outside the box, or are thrown immediatley into a battle.Secondly the UI isn't that great. It's servicable, but it's got issues. Mainly due to the fact that to access anything pertaining to construction, research, or docking, you HAVE to go to a different screen. It wouldn't be nearly as bad if Homeworld wasn't so dang micro-oriented, to the point you are constantly monitoring somewhere between three to nine different control groups, depending on how you set things up. Plus selection I find can be a bit finnicky, as well as issuing orders if you aren't careful.Now with that out of the way let's Talk HW2/HW2ROn the upside, HW2's engine vastly improved the UI. There are sidebar tabs, that allow you to access anything that at first took you to a different screen. Plus Issuing orders is stupid simple now. Albiet a little too easy as you can click on game objects and the ships will move towards them, so you still need to take some care where you click.Also the pacing in the single-player campaign is better. You are typically always on the move, and resources are automatically gathered at the end of each mission, however, missions now end automatically, so you won't have much time to prepare for the next mission.That said, the story is considerably weaker, it ignores some established canon (Three great hyperspace cores never sat well with me), and there's this very generic ""Save the homeworld!"" story going on. That said the Vagyr do put up a great fight, they are an interesting faction rather than a mirror faction, and the guy who did Makaan couldn't have done a better job with his acting. Just...the Vagyr don't hold up to the Beast or the Taiidan Empire (or anyone else you fight in HW1 for that matter) in terms of a villan you'll remember.Not to mention formation management is mostly gone (except for fighters, which change formation depending on tactic, which was seperate in the first, Remastered 2.0 Fixes this, see the HWR section) which is a bummer, though admittedly it is more fun watching squads of fighters come out than single file.So let's talk HW:R, It uses HW2's engine but with HW1's campaign.So you get the better UI and pacing (you actually Auto-collect resources, AND can build a fleet to your desire before you hyperspace out) not to mention Gearbox's art team made both HW1R and HW2R Drop dead gorgeous.Fuel management is also out of here like it was in HW2, so you don't need to constantly dock your strike craft (fighters and corvettes). I welcome this change actually, as it removes downtime from your fighters which were kinda underpowered in the first game regardless, and gets rid of some, honestly, needless micro.EDIT 6/8/16: THEY FIXED FORMATIONS! Though they work differently from the base game. Now when you select formations the game auto selects ships and groups them up and splits the selected ships in several ""Combat groups"" that use said formations. So far I like it but I am dissapointed in losing something like a Giant sphere of Strike craft protecting my resource controllers. For the Record HW2 fleets works like this too, except they still retain the ""Squadron"" mechanic.I'm not going to talk too much about Multiplayer since A) I only played one match and B) it's in beta hence, still in active development. Other than it's really neat to see HW1 fleets fight HW2 fleets, even if HW 2 fleets overpower HW1 fleets for the most part.Last thing I'll dive into is Mod support, It's fantastic, My personal favorites are the Halo-themed ""Homefront"" and ""Tactical fleet simulator"" which is a balance overhaul mod that makes pretty much every ship useful in some way (and they add a whole bunch more). Albiet most of the mods are old HW2 mods re-uploaded onto steam, and the creators are still waiting on some updates so they can properly port the HW2 mods to HW2R, and it's glorious high-res coat of paint.Also as an aside, I found it quite difficult to find tutorials, which is a shame, I kinda wanted to mess around with it. Though a knowledge of LUA is required.So yeah I reccomend it, it's a great deal at 35 bucks, I honestly think Gearbox did the best they could, given the engine conversion from HW1 to 2."
,Recommended,244160,23151407,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,sdmblack,"If you expect a game similair to more mainstream fare like Age of Empires, you will be out of your comfort zone here. I know I was. Honestly, it is an incredibly complicated game to excel at, but it is impossible for it to be any other way. You have complete control over every unit, with 360' movement in space. This is important because every unit has a different defenses and attacks, with some only being effective from certain angles, allowing a cunning opponent to take out your forces with surgical precision if you are not careful.The sound design is incredible, with the music and voices taking a backseat to the gameplay, but complementing it wonderfully. I can't claim to be a writer or a composer, but the atmosphere of the first few missions is nearly unsurpassed.The launch of the game was rather rocky, with many of the Remastered's features and changes being buggy and incomplete, but the untouched original versions are also included in the purchase so there was an alternative during the early days before these issues were patched.I have no nostalgic history with this game, and as of yet I have only played the remastered versions, so this is not an exhaustive review, but after playing what I have I can say that anyone looking for a more nuanced strategy game will likely be pleasently surprised."
76561198074933227,Recommended,244160,14973691,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,WildWolf#41987,"Absolutely, it is a great game, and is worthy playing.It could be much better, if more mods are developed, which I am looking forward."
,Recommended,244160,14754158,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,╬BrummbäR╬,Good to have this game back! One of the best RTS games ever.
76561198220532869,Recommended,244160,24095638,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Roseblite,"Having both the original Homeworld and Homeworld 2, and still having the disks even, this was a VERY pleasurable surprise. I found the remastered version just as good game play as the original, with much better graphics. However, while the remastered versions play similarly to the original, there are a few changed. Some very good, some not so much (just minor annoyances really). The only REAL complaint I have is that the Clasic versions are of much poorer quality than the original disks that I have. I can do this comparison due to the fact that I have uploaded them to my current computer. The Classic versions seem a lot grainer, with lower quality visuals than the original disks, especially with the words in the game. Other than that, it plays the same. It is a blast to finally have the best versions of both games, with the remastered version. I would have liked equal treatment of the clasic versions, with graphics restored to original quality, but we can't have everything. Overall, VERY well done."
76561198146299586,Recommended,244160,23012029,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Prometheus-23,"I love this game so much, having logged 130+ hours in game i understand the game, but when i try to use my 2008 macbook to run the game with mods, it freezes, then eventually loads, but once i select the mods and launch the game, it goes black and then crashes. if you could fix this then it would be greatly appreciated, and im sure there are others with this problem. thanks"
,Recommended,244160,28469387,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Valerium,"Graphics look great but this remaster has a LOT of issues. I've only played Homeworld 1 remastered so far, and i will only talk about homeworld 1's issues.For one the ships are a LOT more squishy then in the original homeworld. It is a real problem, especially in the later missions.The game has a dumb difficuly scaling based on the amount of ships you currently have, which is really stupid. If you remember in homeworld 1 there is a mission where you can steal like a 100 ion cannon frigates, if you do this, you can literally not do the last mission, because your mothership will pretty much instantly die to 50 ion cannon frigates at the very start of the mission, support frigates can not keep up with the damage they do. and you do not even get the time to move all your capital ships in position to counter them.Salvage corvettes will instantly be targeted by enemy ships, no matter what, which makes capturing ships a real hassle this time around. It can still be done but you'll have to use tactics this time around, and its a real challenge since they decided that you can only have 14 salvage corvettes up at a time.Formations dont work half the time, and groups of keybound ships often lose their keybound position, ie group 1 and get put on passive.The harvest collector bugs out half the time and stops collecting for some reason till you manually activate them again.Its still a fun game, but know that this is not the authentic homeworld 1 experience. You are probably better off playing the classic version, honestly."
,Recommended,244160,28010419,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,xXDarkenedxxHeartXx,Good game. Too bad Cataclysm isn't in it but still...
76561197986314693,Recommended,244160,28024437,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,LooseSpoon,I can't think of a game I love playing time and time again. This remake of what was great into something better totally worth the time and re-experience.
76561198084504122,Recommended,244160,28021493,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,SUB50nic,Still holds up as a masterpiece of game making and stragety. worth every penny just to listen to the amazing soundtrack alone while you cruise through space.
,Recommended,244160,28025780,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Skoll,Seriously one of the best RTS games ever made! Played it years ago when it first came out. Could preorder fast enough when I saw they were making the remastered version!
,Recommended,244160,28295523,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Blå Kakmonstret,"Haven't played the original game thus don't have expectations for how it supposed to work.That said, I really liked the remastered version as a first encounter with homeworld games."
76561198089058991,Recommended,244160,28288095,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Legatus,Great campaign in homeworld 1. Too bad that there are very few players oline for skirmish battles.
76561198041681175,Recommended,244160,28123607,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Zero,i killed off a race with only one carrier and tons of resources 10/10
,Recommended,244160,28433216,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Zemtex - #47,"If you are a fan of old school RTS, you must try this game.This game was so far ahead of it's time the only thing holding it back was the graphics and optimization. This game got a very hard and long campaign that is stellar to play through. It is a hard game but making this into a remaster was the best idea they could do. This game is amazing and the remaster just shows how GOOD this game really is now when we have more modern tech behind the game."
,Recommended,244160,28171510,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,AErdow,"Strong story,Appropriate music and artwork,It takes time to adjust 3d space movementDynamic AI ( Go greedy and see it yourself )Few little bugsA must play for every RTS player"
76561197966613705,Recommended,244160,28136603,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,DragonSpikeXIII,"One of the best games I've ever played, the thing that grabbed me and stuck with me throughout is how awe-inspiring the vistas are. HW2 especially has some of the most beautiful backgrounds I've ever seen, especially the one for the last mission. Bravo origina (and remaster) devs!"
,Recommended,244160,28190219,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,JumpinJacks,"This game is amazing! I would completely recomend this title to any experienced RTS player, or someone just wanting to try an RTS. I love the tactics and strategy, as well as the long games. The building system requires strategy too. This is a game that requires a lot of strategy, its GREAT!"
76561198273918359,Recommended,244160,28221221,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Matt,"Beautiful! The remastered graphics & sound are a huge difference, especially for HW1. I hadn't played the games in a decade or so, and it was like playing a brand new game.Highly recommended for anyone who played Homeworld a long time ago and wants to re-experience it... and even more highly recommended for anyone who's never experienced Homeworld before! :-)"
,Recommended,244160,28229561,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Hox,"A classic.Updated visuals help to modernize an underserved niche. Space RTS in true 3D, unlike the pseudo-3D of nearly all other strategy games.Epic tone permiates the story of an entire race's survival. Unparalleled experience, but games like Halo cetainly tried."
76561198026150387,Recommended,244160,28091251,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,aopatena,I've played this game when it originally was released way back in my college days. It made a come back of sorts when I itroduced it to my work colleagues and it instantly became a hit!The remastered version brought beauty to the first Homeworld game. I'm yet to finish duplicating my feats in days past and will surely retake Hiigara in the days to come!
,Recommended,244160,28095854,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Phil Meth,"If you want a real 3D-RTS, with real 3 dimensional space, with missions worth the try and the claustrophobic feeling of a refugee lost between the planets: This is your game. I loved the original and I'm happy, that Gearbox built this monument in it's honor. :)"
76561198057066454,Recommended,244160,28044021,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,WallStreetJesus,"HomeWorld is Back. And stronger than ever.I was worried when i first heard that GearBox would be in charge of the remastering of Homeworld, but i am happy to say i was wrong. They did the original creators proud, and one of the greatest strategy gems of the 90s are even better now.Highly Recommended."
76561198234441432,Recommended,244160,28057013,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Xalist,well i was waiting for this wonderfull-strategic-fun to play game ! the details are wonderfull ! you should check it out
,Recommended,244160,27971913,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,MrFawlty,"It's Homeworld, better looking than it ever was.  Look, we all played the original didn't we?  Well, this is the same game, but better!  Graphically it sticks to the same artwork and style of play as it was, but using a modern engine means it plays much more fuidly than it did and looks good how ever far you zoom in.  The game itself is pretty much the same, apart from balancing changes and some tweaks to the story of the campaign.  The same , haunting music remains which really adds depth to the Battelstar Galactica style narrative.  The multiplayer is great and there are plenty of servers with enough people playing to make it worth revisiting regularly.One of the best strategy games ever made is now modern looking and better than ever. If you RTS games, do yourself favour and buy it!"
76561197993618194,Recommended,244160,27962168,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Paul Muad' Dib,The Scifi RTS of all time. Absolutly amazing and godlike soundtrack and brilliant gameplay. Great space saga. Worth every money.
,Recommended,244160,27921880,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,SilverKnightRaven,A great Remastered version for a great Space RTS
,Recommended,244160,27920089,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,RICO7878,"Still ""THE"" best 4X space startegy game out there with 3 axis movement, now with HD graphics and sound!!! Campaign story is still the stuff of legends."
,Recommended,244160,27909886,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,quá đẹp,High def remake of a classic.
76561198301549251,Recommended,244160,27902891,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Tevig,"The Classic is still all that it became a classic for.  The remastered had updated graphics as expected and altered UI that will take a little getting use to if you have the classic UI embedded into your psyche.  But there are some good things in the remastered UI that do improve the game.  Over-all, Love it!"
76561198066478574,Recommended,244160,27579262,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,cheeseysheep,"Great game. That hits you in the nostalgia glands hard, it blends both homeworlds together very well in my opinion. But hay imma just a guy on the interwebs upvoting a fun game/timesink."
,Recommended,244160,27569476,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Akkenru,One of the most fantastic games I've played. The storyline is wonderfully scripted with enough to make you feel for all the characters in the game but not too much so you get bored. The gameplay is minimalistic but phenomenally well implemented and the graphics and design are excellent. Progression is fairly linear in terms of development and improvement but it's still really fun.With the HD remaster the game looks even more fabulous and plays just as superbly. A definite play for anyone.
,Recommended,244160,27905414,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Nox Noctua,This is an excellent example of how to make a space strategy game that utilizes the three dimensions of space.  It is a lot of fun to play even if it is a bit slow at times.  it's is a fun game to play and chill.
76561198007848054,Recommended,244160,27895314,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Seyaku-Brad,To date I haven't seen a game match its gameplay.
76561197989824969,Recommended,244160,27906370,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Vairos,I like this game alot. It's a really good rts open space game. But I can never pass the one radation level. I look online at guides and gameplays and nothing I do works. This is the only level I am stuck on before getting all acievments in the game.
,Recommended,244160,27882092,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,IceMan_Killer,"This game is just as amazing as it was in 1999 as it is today. Definitly nominated it for the ""Test Of Time"" Award"
,Not Recommended,244160,17228234,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Frugenator,"Homeworld is an excellent game... The remastered version is not. Various game mechanics are broken for no good reason. What should have been nothing but a cosmetic redesign is a new game with worse mechanics than the original. For example, sphere formation can no longer be used to surround and attack an enemy ship, making it useless for offense. In fact, formations in general have been ruined. Ships fly about like idiots, breaking ranks and making a mess of combat. Breaking this element of homeworld is unacceptable. It's not the same game, and if you like the original why would you want it messed around with?The original game does come bundled. So you have to choose between either pretty graphics or a better game. I would give this thumbs up simply because it contains the original, but the price is too high for an old game."
76561197995102952,Recommended,244160,27515668,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Sithicus,We have waited so many years for this. Homeworld 1 & 2 are here!
76561198077611637,Recommended,244160,27524255,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,grebnican,Great collection 10/10On of the greatest RTS games out there.
76561197984853133,Recommended,244160,27583939,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Braunz,love this game   what a classic    replayed it many times
,Recommended,244160,27584685,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Frank the Tank,Loved every minute. Beautifully done and so truthful to the originals. If you played Homeworld 1 + 2 you will love them brought back to life. If you are new to the franchise I hope you enjoy these classic games.
,Recommended,244160,27596975,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Aquillius,"When HW came out. It Blew my mind. I remember signing up for the Beta, they mailed me a Physical beta copy. It completely changed the way I think about rts games. I remember buying a physical copy of the game from the local brick-and-motar place and trying to get my friends to buy in so that we coud do online scrums.Almost 20 years later, It's still blowing my mind. The graphics engine has been overhauled but still looks true to the original concept, and the same interface and controls (abeit slightly streamlined) make it feel like meeting an old friend again.They say that nostalgia makes people biased when it comes to reviews. But is that necesscarily a bad thing? Especially when the thing remembered so fondly is still such a marvel of epic scale story telling and slick controls set to a soundtrack that is every bit as epic as the rest of it?"
,Recommended,244160,27535867,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Lord Padraigal of Longtheme,One of the greatest RTS games of all time. And still a highly active modding community 10 years+ after launch.
76561197970851354,Recommended,244160,27561729,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Dopit Dopit,"Best classic game, reskinned. Only game I have with 100% completion.Pure brillaince."
,Recommended,244160,27613083,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,CylonWarrior,"One of my favorite strategy games from my childhood. One of the most unique atmospheres in a game, and argueably the best 3D space RTS mechanics I've used.The remastered version does it justice"
76561197970806534,Recommended,244160,27572059,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,«HermesBird»,"When Homeworld came out I enjoyed playing it for years and with Homeworld 2 came even more joy and storyline to fallow. After along time waited I see this message from a friend (DUDE!), I look at the link and what do I see? A Remaster Collection of my favoret space RTS. Its new detail and game play is beautiful and takes me back to the old days all at the same time 5/5 stars from this guy!"
76561198062305184,Recommended,244160,28964040,Posted: 2 January,all,Lieviathan,"Excellent ! I loved everything , its a nice purchase"
,Recommended,244160,28955670,Posted: 2 January,all,Zbig,"It's awesome just get it, but wait for sale.This isn't even nostalgia talking because I never played the originalsThis includes the remasters of both games plus the original versions of both games.There are a lot of good mods in Steam Workshop, plus a lot of great mods for the originals that you can find on Mod DB or elsewhere (i especially like star trek continuum)"
76561198022639564,Recommended,244160,29051436,Posted: 5 January,all,jester,The original game was one of my favorite . I picked this up on sale not expecting much more then a copy of the original on steam and i was absolutely blown away. The work they put into this remaster is incredible . 10/10
,Recommended,244160,29019426,Posted: 4 January,all,nocrane,I am a huge RTS fan but again maybe not because I haven't played Homeworld before. It has been a great journey for me playing this game. It gets really frustrating sometimes as some missions are insanely difficult. Normally I dont prefer tough games and quit after couple of tries but in this one I have tried and tried till I beat it because it was fun. It looks beautiful and plays beatiful but I have encountered some bugs which forced me to restart the mission which costs sometimes more than couple of hours. Other than that I can say that it must be the best RTS space game out there. Tomorrow I am planning to start Deserts of Kharak. I believe it wont disappoint. 9/10
76561198240698974,Recommended,244160,23545152,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,NinepointRider_Official,"really like the game best space-strategy game ever. The community-made mods make it all the more funner. The newest patch stinks as it highlights each fighter instead of one and adds too many confusing buttons. It  also screwed up all of the mods as it made it too confusing. I really wish you hadn't updated it as i'm 30% wanting to refund this although you probably won't let that happen as i have had this for some time now. this was my first game and i really wish it hadn't been changed. I would suggest giving out an email asking whether or not to keep the changes or to revert them back to the original, removing the new content from the persons' computer and replacing it with the old."
,Recommended,244160,23512533,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Lothar,"It's good to get Homeworld back. BUT.but a few things made me jump from my chair.1) Karen S Jet or i dont remember her name.... did they change the voice?? She became so uncharismatic in this remastered version.2) How do I set up Target order? (waypoints for targeting enemies)3) Cutscenes videos are running very slowI still prefer the older version, but at least its playable."
76561198166863550,Recommended,244160,23693760,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,stardeath122,best game ever. No question.It has a great story line for a strategy game. The gameplay is amazing. I recommend buying it and playing the singleplayer.
,Recommended,244160,23680916,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,straykiller,"Formations are fixed this is now worth buying. Ive been waiting for this to be fixed to play it, it was a game breaker. works great now. These games are classics, im beginning to remember the feeling of tearing out hair when i was younger while playing this. lol love it"
,Recommended,244160,19771463,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Morbo513,"Edit, 19th June 2016So, the patch released on the 7th added formations, ballistics and tactics. Those were pretty much my main complaints so I can now say HW:R is worth the purchase in my mind - It feels on-par with the original, gameplay-wise. As a bonus (And probably by necessity for MP), the re-addition of ballistics extends to Homeworld 2 RM as well, something HW2:C didn't have - not played around with that much, but it'll certainly be interesting. Gotta praise the team who worked on this patch for their commitment, as I understand it was no small task."
76561198271635795,Recommended,244160,23652163,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Big Tweed,Love this older game remastered to new glory with way better graphics.
,Recommended,244160,23624852,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,[Logi] Joelio,"This game is a great remake of the original. If you like space RTS games, or remember the original, this will be an easy pick. Fun game.Want to play the mods? Too bad. The devs didnt update the game enough to keep mods compatible, so anytime you see a mod youd really like to play, it probably wont work. Sorry.  The devs arent sorry, but I am"
,Recommended,244160,14928466,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,WorkingClassHero,"I was a pre-order buyer who felt burned when I realized that formations and ballistics were gone. Gearbox has now, incredibly, spent 6 months restoring these features and so much more. The new patch is so massive this should really be called a new name. Outstanding devs, amazing game and no regrets as I change this review from a thumbs down to a no-reservations HELL YES!"
,Recommended,244160,16360907,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,BillyTheKid,I like it nice graphics and smooth a fun atmosphere and two very fun space simulations. Playing more now I am enjoying it starting the forth mission and some capital ships attack! Needs a little touch up and some patching but a better release than most lately. I played both originals so long ago I really do not compare and I have had not one crash and few bugs and now with a new patch I am looking forward to getting back to this title.
76561198017668819,Recommended,244160,23132827,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,GeeChun,it is very well made and i enjoyed every minutes! its very slow and easy game but if use your imagination being in the space its worth try this game 2 thumbs up man~
76561198006392678,Recommended,244160,24243225,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Plissken,"Being a part of the Homeworld cult, I regret not recommending this sooner. Please forgive me Grand Poobah!"
76561198018104752,Recommended,244160,24416628,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Czarny,"great remaster, my old days with this game... eh... CD'si play only single player for campan"
76561198006528661,Recommended,244160,14701355,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,skilledelephant,"Holy Crap!!, I loved this game when it first came out, and I feel the team out did themselves this time around. This game is a must for rts fans!!! go get it now!"
,Recommended,244160,29176019,Posted: 10 January,all,Mitth'raw'nuruodo,"This is a really fun game, especially with mods. It is fun to create your own space battles against AI or real players, and I recommend it to others who like space battles/ RTS."
76561198017534950,Recommended,244160,29556647,Posted: 28 January,all,Heretic,Very good game. I should have played it years ago but missed it somehow. Looks great and has a unique 3D system for controlling the engagements. Everything is in space and involves using various classes of ships for speciic roles and missions which are part of the campaign. I was pleased with the UI although it took a bit to get used to issuing orders in 3D(my issue not the UI).The game involves RTS elements and tech tree progressions but it is by no means like the usual rts games. I strongly recommend it.
76561198088521296,Recommended,244160,29598496,Posted: 30 January,all,Sherbud,I loved the game when it was originally released in 1999.  The remaster is so beautiful.  It seems like they made it a little easier too.
76561198209211580,Recommended,244160,29678275,Posted: 3 February,all,khilker15,One of my all time favorite games. Love the remastered collection!Hey Developers - Could you attempt to make this VR friendly (Vive)?  Check out the Map view in Smashbox Area (after you're tagged out) for inspiration.
76561198027072714,Recommended,244160,23177538,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,p3dr0-3L-n3gr0,"That's how3Dgames needs to beImpressive real RTS experience in space with great visuals and unit controls over all vertices. The battles look amazing when huge fleets fight each others.Wished there would be a cockpit perspective for each ship...or even an option to control single ships by your own. Then it would be the ultimate space war simulator.But if it comes to this, I can play mini battles in Fractured Space ...until the devs hear for my needs :D"
76561198315760629,Recommended,244160,29890567,Posted: 12 February,all,jerryhendry010,"i like the detail and the game player, but miss the no unit cap."
76561197992676928,Recommended,244160,31489445,Posted: 1 May,all,Space Monkey,"This is the first time I've played a ""remastered"" game, but after finishing the Homeworld 1 Remastered campaign tonight, I have to say that this most definitely isn't just Homeworld Classic with spruced up graphics and modelling. There is no doubt in my mind that Remastered is the version to get for someone new to the Homeworld franchise, but at the same time, for players that grew up with and loved the original, some aspects of the Remastered version can be jarring.Homeworld is the first significant RTS that let you use all 3 dimensions, and it's known for its strong story and interesting units. Remastered remains true to these roots, but it also takes lessons learned from later Homeworld games to try to make the original game more accessible and playable. The updated interface and units look fantastic, but Remastered is not without controversy because it tries to recreate Classic game mecahnics using lots of Homeworld 2 DNA, and while the results were generally good, not everything translated well. In the end, while Remastered is /similar/ to Homeworld Classic, there are plenty of subtle and not so subtle differences that make Remastered play like a strangely different game.Below is an incomplete list of the differences I noticed during my playthrough:1) Fighters are Corvettes are totally different. Fighteres seem to do less damage and are less durable overall, and you can no longer put them in a single gigantic formation. Corvettes don't seem to work as well against fighters anymore, but they seem to hurt frigates more.2) Formation size is no longer determined by the player...the game breaks your large selection into supposedly ""optimal"" sub-formations. Gone are the days where you can put 40 Ion frigates into a single imposing wall of death.3) Units tend to break formation, even frigates and capital ships. This bothered me quite a bit because my fleet didn't feel like a cohesive fighting machine as before.4) You can no longer re-arrange your units back into Military Parade formation.5) Depending on how you play, there are some scripting errors in missions. For example, I never got the option to research Multigun Corvettes in Gardens of Kadesh, and I had to finish the game without them.6) You need more Salvage Corvettes to grab capital ships...4 for a Destroyer, 6 for a Carrier or Heavy Cruiser7) The final mission seems to be buggy in terms of difficulty scaling. I started the Hiigara mission with 42 Ion frigates and something like 16 Destroyers and 5 Heavy Cruisers (salvaged from previous missions), and Remastered basically threw, on my doorstep, at least 60 frigates, 6 destroyers, and a heavy cruiser within 60 seconds of mission start. I'd lose my mothership in less than a minute because my ships with heavy guns start too far away to make it back to the mothership in time. The only way I beat the game was to retire 16 ion frigates at the end of Chapel Perilous.8) Probes don't spin in flight and the fully completed research ship is stationary too.9) Either the Assault Frigate or the Destroyer (I haven't figured out which one) will sometimes announce ""Flak Frigate heavily damaged""10) You get a lot more RU's in Remastered...In Classic, I never felt like I had a real RU surplus until near the end, but in Remastered, I had more than 20K by the 5th mission and I never gave a second thought to resourcing after that. The auto-harvest mechanic is also kind of funky...I didn't even bother sending resource collectors out in Supernova Station, but ended up getting 25K+ resources anyway.11) The firing animations are quite different in a bad way. There used to be a recoil effect on guns that weren't ions that even corvettes had...but in Remastered, the guns seem to go pew pew instead of boom. Watching ship combat up close just isn't as cool without the recoil effect.12) Frigates and Capital ships don't ""burn"" anymore...you do see some pretty cool looking hull damage but they don't vent plasma-like stuff anymore.13) The sensor manager view is prettier and more usable, but it's not as clear as the original...dust clouds are practically invisible in Homeworld Remastered but they were very much discernable in Classic.14) While you have the option to order strikecraft to kamikaze, the mechanic seems buggy at best. I sent 60 fighters to their glorious deaths but the enemy destroyer I targeted just shrugged it off."
,Recommended,244160,21467525,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Cerv,"I played the original Homeworld back in the day, and it was one of the most epic games I ever played back then. The Remastered just makes it like 10x better. The visuals are amazing and the game is so smooth. Homeworld is probably the best RTS I've played, and I've played a lot of RTS. Pretty much everything about this game is awesome."
,Recommended,244160,22128417,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Rogan,10/10 brought Sajuuk to Bear in HD.
,Recommended,244160,32491458,Posted: 16 June,all,Bipolar Beholder,"3D real time strategy with excellent story telling. The journey you take throughout the stars is a meaningufl, Battlestar Galactica like experiance."
76561198053775715,Recommended,244160,16323619,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,MACDAWG696969,"**PLEASE SEE EDIT AT BOTTOM, ORIGINAL REVIEW IS POSTED IN ITS ENTIRETY FROM RELEASE TO CURRENT STATE**Sadly, as a HW player since the first game came out, (Back in 1999) I cannot recommend this game.The first time I played Homeworld, I was a young boy about 8 years of age. My grandfather introduced me to the game, and whenever I go see him I will still play LAN games against him, on the same two disks that we have always played on. Now, with that being said, at 8 years of age I didn't really understand tactics or how to win, the main objective for me was to build a heavy cruiser and try bum rushing the enemy mothership, praying that my prized cruiser didn't get salvaged in the process! As I grew older and understood the game more, I enjoyed it more as I began using formations and tactics to alter the outcome of battles, some of which were against slim to none odds.The depth and complexity of this game was really what hit the mark for me as I grew older. I played Homeworld nonstop until Homeworld 2 came out. I enjoyed playing that game as well from time to time as well, but my Homeworld life changed forever when the Complex mod came out. This mod essentially combined the tactical and strategical gameplay of HW1 with the beautiful graphics and upgraded UI of HW2. I have played this mod since it was released, all the way to 9.1 which is where it sits now.Now fast forward to 2014, when I learned that my favorite strategy game was getting remastered. I poured over screenshots and gameplay, developer interviews and every last piece of media I could grasp my hands on. The promise was simple, updated graphics, and no changes to the original engine this game ran on. Unfortunately, this was a lie.When I first booted up HW:R I was amazed with the beauty of the game, but felt betrayed as I continued to play on. The most important feature of early combat, even going forward to endgame combat, the formations and tactics features, do not work. This is a gamebreaking feature people, because strikecraft are worth their weight in gold at all stages of the game. The fact that you can no longer use bombers and corvettes to their full potential will ruin the game for anyone who has played this before. The developers essentially put everything HW1 onto the HW2 UI, all for the sake of being able to play Kushan VS Hiigarrian in multiplayer. While this introduces great improvements, such as better 3D movement and harvesting, the developers lied in their statement of, ""Nothing but the graphics will change"". The month is now June, and the Dev's haven't even made a comment of when these issues will be fixed, no issued an apology for their lie.Also, mods will STILL not work the way they should in the classic versions of the game. I would be fine if I could still play Complex 9.1 on the classic HW2 game, knowing that the fix will come eventually and formations will be able to be used again. However on bootup the mods (and I'm talking other mods too, the star wars mod, the halo mod, etc) will crash and burn, leaving you empty handed. The dev's should have kept these engines separate, as even on multiplayer, HW2 strike craft will always slay HW1 strike craft, because the HW2 squadron formations still work.As a man who has played thousands of hours of Homeworld, and in light of this 60% off steam sale going on currently, I strongly advise putting your hard earned dollars, euros, pesos, or whatever currency you're using into something else, unless you have never played this game before, because you may be able to enjoy it for what it currently is. If you have played even one skirmish vs cpu match on the original HW, don't even bother picking this up.**UPDATE**As of today, 9/20/2015, the game is still borken, formations are still not usable, and now mods are ceasing to work as the dev. launches half ***ed patches ever two months in order to justify a poor excuse for a ""Supported"" title. Folks, for your money id say buy an actual HW2 disk, so at least you can play the great mods that have been released. This, sadly, is not the Homeworld Remaster we were promised or expected it to be.**UPDATE**6/2/2017Alot of the old problems have fortunately been fixed. It is highly unfortunate it took so long for the devs to finish this game, but along with the complex mod that has been released, I would give this game a solid thumbs up (finally!!!!) formations have been fixed, bugs and glitches taken care of and a whole lot of extra nicities added in. I I will update this review with a full detailed breakdown later."
76561198085859027,Recommended,244160,32152056,Posted: 3 June,all,airkerma,"Quick pro and con:Pro: building an army and then sending it off to battle can take a long time, so you can get up and do things while your armada slowly drifts towards it's destinationCon: building an army and then sending it off to battle can take a long time, so you need something else to do while your armada slowly drifts towards it's destinationSlightly more extended pro and conPro: Unique 3D space based RTS, battles are fun, different races add a few unique aspects to battles, graphics are niceCon: In missions cut scenes supercede all other controls so you might be getting attacked but you have to listen to some dbag jabber about the guys who are currently ruining your life, controls randomly stop working (not common, but sometimes your guys decide it's more fun to attack more of your own guys), controls are better if you customize but you still need practice to get the hang of them."
76561198202042702,Recommended,244160,24211420,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Archigeer de Jævla Drittsekk,"Alright, I love this game. Best space game I have ever played. You get 2 games remastered in one, and for all you veterens out there who played the original Homeworld games, you can actually do that! The reason I think it is so good is because it is a serious challenge to me. I have pretty horrible time management skills, so this game challanges me to move quick while being thoughtful of what I am doing. In particular, the second Homeworld game is hard for me, since you don't get any brakes. All in all, if you don't like being rushed, you're in the wrong place buddy."
76561197980965158,Recommended,244160,31169543,Posted: 15 April,all,Lonewolf,Homeworld Remastered 2.0 update is live. After play testing. I am happy to do game review 2.0Back in April things where bad enough for thumbs down. Now Homeworld Remastered version gets the promised up grade. After poor initial release with some bad bugs and balance issues. Well Gearbox kept its promise to fix things. Version 2 has been released last weekend.The classic games still have charm these days. I would have recommend these on their own. As the intial remaster of HW was rushed out. However with the latest set of patches. Things have changed enough for a thumbs up.Die hard fans will still notice minor play balance issues. I don't think this is enough to spoil things. The original classic versions are included anyway. The feeling of nostalgia run high within this game community for good reasons.This was the original RTS game in 3D. Homeworld has a three-dimensional play area. Units are moved three-dimensionally using a combination of mouse movements and key presses to modify the z-axis of the destination position.
76561198003893182,Recommended,244160,27635766,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Wind_pl,Good old times are back!!!!!
76561198335670045,Recommended,244160,32326312,Posted: 10 June,all,finnegmw,"Love everything about this beautifully remastered game. Great story, great action, great pace. Buy it"
,Recommended,244160,32802976,Posted: 25 June,all,๖ۣۜcheesenorris!™. [ٿ],"One of the best classics of all time, remastered! Great remake by the devs, supporting 21:9 Ultrawide is a major plus."
,Recommended,244160,32748875,Posted: 24 June,all,sexy ass ginger man,A Absolutely fantastic strategy space RTS
76561198242508088,Recommended,244160,32783177,Posted: 25 June,all,Sycopatus,"I really like this game / collection. Great graphics, low hardware requirements. Good mod support = good mods.Totally recommended for RTS fans."
76561198363494716,Recommended,244160,32707299,Posted: 23 June,all,Yerdin98,"This game is amazing. I know i don't have many hours on record but i played this game as the original when i was younger and i just want to say the remastered edition is beautiful. new controls and all new looks. Like when you want to play a game you played as a kid but its a huge let down, this deletes that factor. it brings me back while keeping its self modernized. I would give it a 10/10 because the story is challenging but fun and you can create your own matches how you please. Its just a great experience overall and never bores!"
76561198195190137,Recommended,244160,32705016,Posted: 23 June,all,UndeniableUltimatum,"good graphics, beautiful, great battles, a little hard. 4.5/5 hats"
76561198046744787,Recommended,244160,32889866,Posted: 27 June,all,Nerfthegamer,"I have a nostolgia bias towards these games, so take my thoughs with a grain of saltThese games are great, solid RTS games.  Only complaint is that they made Homeworld harder, and Homeworld 2 easier, which is not what needed to happen (yes, HW2 needed to be easier, but HW didnt need to be harder)"
76561198125494259,Recommended,244160,32834558,Posted: 26 June,all,Deathbysherman,"This is the alltime best space RTS i have played. I love the game so much the graphics are great the gameplay is awesome there is rarely any bugs or glitches, tons of workshop content. Buy this now."
76561198196654091,Recommended,244160,32912853,Posted: 27 June,all,poolshark,1 of the best rts space environment game i have ever played. so glad they remade this. thank you
,Recommended,244160,33054916,Posted: 30 June,all,Conrad370,THis game is a very different RTS amd the campaign is beautiful. WHen you go out on your own aned don't  know what's going to come out of the corners of the map you get chills. THye really made this game for people that love the RTS genre and wanted a new twist. The Fact that the remastered it makes it so much better because the ships are amzing and the battles are gorgeous.
76561198391428807,Recommended,244160,33056662,Posted: 30 June,all,airamak88,"Love the original homeworld games, the remastered is beautiful, its harder than most RTS'sbut when you get used to the controls and camera functions its a blast!!!I highly recommend this game for old school and new school rts players"
,Recommended,244160,29002424,Posted: 4 January,all,Finnick,"This game is really one of the best games I have ever playedit's a strong part of my life playing this game.listen, I love space.......I know so much about it and I want to research more about itspace is the most important part of my life, and it's something I can't say ''hey I am not interested''so now about the game:It's a RTS game with an extremely unique space mechanic that it moves 3D, any directionwhich is something I never used to... I always used to play like on the ground type of an RTS gamesuch as Generals Command and Conquare, Company of Heroes etcwhen I first saw my friend playing this game (which it was like months ago I am not an ancient player of this game)I was kind of interested then I saw some screenshots videos, he told me how he loves this game so much!when I finally bought the game and I thought that I will have like Idk 5 hours of this game and that's it got oldNO it was not like that thank GodThe game is beautiful with a great concept!The music is outstandingand it's just a complete masterpiece of a RTS gamehappy to have this game!"
,Recommended,244160,14654882,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,PanzernKern,"The occasional rough edges show, like its overly sluggish pace and sonorous quiet, but for those who can push through the silence you'll find a deep and engaging strategy title with a solid campaign and enough replayability to keep you entertained until the inevitable Ultra HD VR re-release another fifteen years from now."
,Recommended,244160,33920135,Posted: 30 July,all,V01DED1NK,Best space combat ive seen in a space strategy game! My only wish is that the original games mods would get ported to the Remastered version.
76561198065259438,Not Recommended,244160,33956572,Posted: 1 August,all,Wilhelm,"I am a huge fan of the original version, which is included with this. The only problem here is that you can't use the original mods with the Steam version, and you can't play with any of the BIG files to have a little extra fun either. You're stuck with the original, exactly as it was.The remaster is gorgeous in terms of visuals. But the UI is very broken, regardless of what certain ""professionals"" may be saying.A small example of this is that, in the original (which you can try yourself with this version), you can take 20 salvage corvettes and drag a box around several enemy capital ships, and your little fleet will try to salvage them all. It wouldn't get all of them, but it would get some of them.In the remastered version, the best you can do is send all 20 salvage ships at ONE capital ship at a time. And their armor is so weak in the remaster that most of them get picked off. That's lousy. It's easy for me to imagine that a ship with ""tug"" engines is a little harder to blow up than this.New players would probably love this game. But for the older players, it's the same story with a visual upgrade and a broken interface...don't waste your time."
76561198057375848,Recommended,244160,33987771,Posted: 3 August,all,Khyzan,"This is what a remaster should be!!! Having the original as an option along side the Full REMASTERED version of the game.The 3D circular space for combat is legendary.The story is great, the Mechanics are amazing, and I can't stop playing!"
76561198224635940,Recommended,244160,19218859,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Blue Phoenix,Some of the game changer mods dont work they just crash the game
76561197983194133,Recommended,244160,34082031,Posted: 7 August,all,ryandegrunt,"Outstanding game. A developer thats finally made it easy to control your units. Excellent graphics, good fun."
,Recommended,244160,34095266,Posted: 7 August,all,aradapilot,"Glad to have a chance to play these classics again with some spit and polish. They're worth revisiting, and these new builds run well on modern machines."
76561198015038475,Recommended,244160,33957778,Posted: 1 August,all,DonGG,After such a long time this game as remastered version is still awesome.
76561197998544855,Recommended,244160,33975077,Posted: 2 August,all,ttodorov,"Love this game,trully love it."
76561198058483312,Recommended,244160,34176865,Posted: 11 August,all,Gorillawings,Otherwise great RTS but occasionally fails to start. 3 tries to start and work well after that.
76561197983072307,Recommended,244160,14693471,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Bobamelius,"UPDATE: A lot of the things I had problems with have been updated now. There are now functional formations and a facsimile of the old tactics system which modifies ships' speed and damage output depending on tactics setting, along with some AI improvements and other quality of life changes. The game experience is much better now and I can feel good about flipping my thumb the other direction. The original unhappy review remains below for reference.CAVEAT: Remember that classic, unaltered Homeworld and HW2 are included in this package, so if you don't own those you can get them via this collection.I created a video review to go along with this one in which I illustrate my points and do some side-by-side comparisons.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=icwqd2Q49ucIf your concern is primarily for the (IMO) far superior Homeworld 1, as mine was, you may end up quite disappointed by Homeworld Remastered. This review is for HW1R specifically. I haven't played HW2R and I don't care about HW2R, despite the fact that Gearbox apparently spent most of their effort on that game and neglected the original.The good things are obvious; the graphics are pretty, the textures and backgrounds are nice, the new UI is ""ok"" and scales with your screen resolution. Modern screen resolution options are available without hacking the game.There are three big, deal-breaking problems I have with the way HW1 was ported to the HW2 engine: formations, tactics and the ballistics model.Formations and tactics from the first game are thrown out the window in this remaster. For new players who don't understand the significance of this or older players who are a little fuzzy on how these worked, please set your sights on the wall of text below.In old HW1, ships would hold their formation while engaging the enemy (unless you set them to evasive tactics; more on this later). The various formations had intrinsic tactical advantages for different situations. You could have capitals concentrate into a tight wall to focus fire. Fighters could form a claw formation to envelop/focus their targets while still remaining mobile and making passes. Ships in Sphere formation would surround their target, all facing inward pouring maximum shots into the enemy at the tradeoff of being fairly immobile and vulnerable to return fire. You could also use Sphere to, say, have a squadron of Defenders form a defensive screen around your Heavy Cruiser to protect it from bombers. There were many other formation possibilities, but those are a few examples.In Remastered, all these formations options are still *technically* available, however they only affect the basic parade stance of your ships. That is to say, upon contact with the enemy your ships will immediately break formation. Strike craft will split off and fly around the enemy in a disorderly fashion, failing to concentrate fire. Capitals will float around doing their own thing, bumping into each other and getting into each others' way instead of remaining in an organized wall formation. They still mostly function, but the biggest hit is to strike craft, which are FAR less effective without formation coherency.Tactics worked in combination with formations when choosing how you want to engage the enemy. Is the enemy coming at you in small groups? Do you have a keen numerical advantage? Use Aggressive tactics. Your fighters will move slower and attempt no evasive maneuvers, but they will close to a tighter formation and put more shots into the enemy, doing more damage. Are you at a disadvantage and need to bog down the enemy in a protracted dogfight to buy time for reinforcements to arrive? Evasive tactics will cause your strike craft to break formation, split off into pairs, and make quick passes at the enemy while performing evasive maneuvers, doing less damage but living longer. The default Neutral tactics provide a happy medium between these two: your ships will hold their formation, however they will spread out a little and perform small jinking maneuvers during attack runs to dodge some incoming fire.In Remastered, you still have three stances available, but they are nothing like what I just described above. They only determine your units' engagement setting (don't engage/engage nearby/pursue enemy relentlessly). Basically, HW1 tactics are GONE. They no longer exist. Again, strike craft suffer the most from this change. The combination of formation and tactics you chose for them made strike craft very versatile and useful units to have around. Now they are just cannon fodder to fly around and distract the enemy whilst outputting Evasive level damage all the time.Now onto the ballistics model. HW1 used an ahead-of-its-time physics-based model for weapons. When a Heavy Cruiser fired a bullet from one of its cannons, that bullet traveled through space as a physical object toward its target. A stray fighter could pass in front of it and be obliterated, or the target could suddenly change vector causing it to miss. It may then travel on past the intended target and hit something else. Maybe a friendly! The bullet would also impart physical force to the target, visibly pushing back a frigate, for example.In HW2, and thus in HW:R as a whole, this model was replaced by an RNG (random number generation) model that you might expect to see in a cheaply made traditional RTS game. Your Heavy Cruiser will fire a shot, and that shot may have (making up numbers here) an 85% chance of hitting another Heavy Cruiser or Carrier, a 70% chance of hitting a destroyer, a 50% chance of hitting a frigate and a 5% chance of hitting a fighter. This system was likely instituted to save CPU for HW2's ambitious number of ships on screen at once, but ported to the original game in Remastered it removes a lot of cool emergent moments from HW1. Also because of this simple RNG model, tactics (discussed above) were apparently seen as no longer relevant since fighters physically taking evasive actions no longer factors in to whether something hits them or not. The most common defense of this system is ""engine limitations"" but I can't accept that argument seeing as how the source code and engine were heavily modified to begin with.Oh, strike craft also no longer have fuel in HW1. So another layer of strategy is arbitrarily deleted.Oh and no borderless window. What the hell?In short what I'm saying is this: Homeworld 1 Remastered is essentially a lazy port into another game's engine and much of the magic is lost. Can it still be played and enjoyed? Sure. Will the game have the same strategic and tactical depth as you remember? Not even close."
76561198058428312,Recommended,244160,35098032,Posted: 20 September,all,codystarslinger,"Great game, i highly recommend it."
76561198073750756,Recommended,244160,34229760,Posted: 13 August,all,ziyi93,"Good music, good CG,, good ship design, good game ever!"
76561197976493324,Recommended,244160,34412820,Posted: 22 August,all,Unctious Seaman Pawkins,"Homeworld 1 (not reviewing 2, since I haven't finished it) is a mixed bag, but the pure joy I had when I was young(er) when I first played it makes it impossible for me not to recommend it unless you really hate real-time strategy games.  Even then, I'd still argue it's worth the experience even if you can't stand micromanagement, hot keys, and the stuff that makes a RTS a RTS.The fact is it's not always going to be pretty for the novice.  Battle plans tend to fall apart into chaos if you're not keen on grouping or micromanagement.  You certainly cannot take certain ships or your orders or lackthereof for granted in Homeworld!   With a bit of practice, you will coordinate an attack (or defense) with a bit of finesse, and you will fill the void with an array of colorful explosions.  Nothing quit as satisfying as taking apart a heavy battle cruiser and harvesting its left-overs.  (Harvesting resources in this game is probably one of my favorite features - it's just so cool to watch the ships go about their business!  Homeworld: Space Miner!?)  The first play-through (especially without a guide) might get downright ugly, but Homeworld is overflowing with charm and the passion of its developers both past and present.  It's a beautiful game, to say the least.  (If you have a nice 4K monitor, I believe you might need to wear protective eye gear.  It looks good on my little ol' LCD.  It's hard to not be impressed with the work they put into the textures and fx.  This game wasn't ugly by any stretch of the imagination, but to have a game from 99' look competitive?  Nice work.)It's a tootin' shame there's no replay function - that I'm aware of - built into the game?  (Maybe multiplayer has it?   Zooming in on the individual ships and formations is where it's at!) It's one of those games, like most RTS, where you're tasked to do a lot of stuff at once.  Positioning in a three-dimensional space in the void of space is awkward, and the grouping and fleet formation design is better/more polished than the original.  But, IMHO, it's still a bit confusing and difficult in the heat of battle.  I know what I want to do with my ships and how I want my strategy and attack to develop, but excuting it with a keyboard and mouse is what it is.  I would say it's part of the inherent challenge in all popular RTS, so it's hard to fault the game for asking you to anticipate and plan a few moves ahead.  Know thy hotkeys.  Some are better at this keyboard magic/micro than others.  I find keeping the ships moving helps as it's surprisingly easy to lose a ship or forget to designate the proper orders.  (I can't tell you how many of my salvage corvettes (boarding ships, basically) took a leave of absence during a mission.  C'mon, seriously guys?  Get to work!)  I also found myself frustrated during a couple of the more difficult missions, but thankful for the challenge.I think the biggest key to this game -  at least my enjoyment - was the story, music and sound direction. (I believe they actually brought back some of the original voice actors for the re-master.) This game just reeks of a space opera waiting to be made again and again.  Is there every a shortage of sci-fi?  I hope not!Hope you enjoy it as much as I did when I was a kid.As a side note:  If you make a mistake with your resources or the type of strategy you employ it will mean starting over or replaying an older save game.  Worst case?  Strategy guides are plentiful.  (Luckily, it's not a horribly long campaign, so not a big deal if you decide to go in blind and DIY.)  So, be prepared, and always save, save, save!"
76561198134298468,Recommended,244160,34488988,Posted: 25 August,all,callerak,"Very good game, fun to play with mods, like starwars war lords."
,Recommended,244160,34749721,Posted: 4 September,all,Wioll,"So far so good! Getting used to the controls but i like them, are strike groups useful at all?"
76561198002582421,Recommended,244160,34357377,Posted: 19 August,all,MarK,Reading latest reviews and I feel sorry for all these people unable to play because of new patches. Played both remastered Homeworlds 3 months ago and it was perfect. Shame on people who ruined this.And so I'll review game without those buggy patches with one word: PERFECT. I dunno if there will ever be better space-RTS and it is also one of the best of all RTS games ever made. Hard to describe but very good parts specific for this genre together with good storytelling and added feeling of loneliness in vast outer space just make perfect mix. Add to this some big scale space fights in 3D great music and it is hard to compare this with other RTS experiences.I think the best recomendation is it only required some higher resolution textures and... it could be also just released as new game in 2017 and still be the best out there.The best thing is that you can tell it about whole series. Of course H1 is the best one with its story. H2 story may be a bit infantile but on the other hand fights are a bit better. Even much different Deserts of Kharak are still as good.For me it is 10 of 10.So DEVs - repair those patches and do not ruin one of the best games in history.
76561198350663264,Recommended,244160,34667609,Posted: 1 September,all,Mr.Turtlee,Entertaining game with good mods.
76561198147887676,Recommended,244160,28264665,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,saulserio4,"I got this game in a sale for $11. However, with more than 150 hours played and having a blast building massive space fleets to destroy the enemy factions, I can surely tell you that even if i had buyed this game at full prize, every penny would have been worth it.Space ships have a great detail built into them, I seriously can't believe that both games are more than a decade old and have such great mechanics. There is a joy in just bulding several capital ships to decimate the enemy fleet, or build a swarm of fighters.As a kid, I was a big fan of big space battles but i never thought that a game like homeworld will give me total control over one.  So if you are a fan of space batles, i'm happy to tell you that this is the game you are looking for so do yourself a favor and buy this, you wont regret it."
,Recommended,244160,33648182,Posted: 19 July,all,~The1Summoner~,"This is a great game, it has strategy, sci-fi, and building elements. You can even make this into Roleplay with your freinds!Not to mention the Movie like space battles that are different every time! The Multiplayer and Campaign for Both games are great, good for Multiplayer as well.Amazing game, well worth it."
76561197985227008,Recommended,244160,35408202,Posted: 2 October,all,nestreselli,Absolutely love playing this remake. The graphics and the controls are updated. The action is smooth and wonderful. It is great to relive the classic game again.
,Not Recommended,244160,14719032,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Swofehuper Hemanmalemanson,"So far, very disappointed in the remake of HW1, yet fascinated by the gameplay.Pro: Awesome graphicsCon: Game rebalancing basically makes small ships useless, tactics are basically gone, many functionalities are missing (like group and multitarget capture), other functionalities are different and not fully integrated (like the new docking-to-repair system of repair ships; if they can't dock they can't repair, e.g. the cryo trays in mission 3), there are still game breaking bugs (e.g. mission 2salvaging the Khar Selim before receiving the mission makes it unfinishable)If you know and love Homeworld (especially the  - in my opinion superior - HW1), this game will basically give you access to a Steam version of the old classic. No more patches, no compatibility fixes, just the old game, because you won't want to play the new version. Yet, I have no idea where my CD is, so this whill save me the pirating.If you don't know Homeworld yet, ♥♥♥♥ing buy it already. It's the greates game in the history of games, which is why after 2 sequels (jep, Cataclysm is technically a sequel) and soon two decades this game is getting a remaster. If you don't mind the older graphics of the original, I encourage you to look into it, the new version is maybe-not-fundamentally-but-close different.EDIT: the game version says 1.06.1, so I guess they were patched, since the latest patch I know of for the originals was 1.05. Which makes this a bundle of four awesome space sims, since the remakes aren't close to the originals.EDIT 2: Two years after purchase and v2.0 release HW1R is still horrible. I ragequit in the fifth mission because ships count losing sight of enemies as victory and just stop. Setting a bunch of corvettes to evasive and offensive will make them choose a parallel path to enemies, but too far to actually fire at them. Issuing a move order when having given other orders like dock are just ignored until you make them stop first. The adaptive balancing is still way off. Mission 3 with 9 heavy corvettes spawns two frigates that are easily captured, along with all six cryo trays, while 18 heavies will spawn about 10 frigates and the cryotrays are gone before the cutscene is through.I'm actually changing my vote to don't buy because the remakes suck in my opinion. The originals are unchanged, just patched to work with modern Windows, which can be achieved with any proper VM (and even without)."
,Recommended,244160,35363377,Posted: 30 September,all,Depac,A classic Real Time strategy game with a great story that has been remastered and works great! Fond memories return!Bought at release with no regrets. Thank You for the remaster gearbox!Just finished with all achievements- took 40+ hours (some hard missions I had to restart to change strategies.Includes 2 games (Homeworld 1 & 2) + multiplayer + original.Working well on Mid-range windows 10 machine.Now what would be great in the future would be an open world type homeworld game!
