user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,244210,7772274,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,GAMER MUSCLE,The ultimate Race driving simulatorFull Video Reviewhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xLiaexaKZzU- Next generation physics- Next generation Graphics- laser scanned tracks- Incredible FFB- Playable with Game pads as well as wheels- Racing- Drifting- Drag racing- Hot lappingAll you could want from a driving simulator and more Its time to get excited about driving games again !
76561198109892447,Recommended,244210,32700932,Posted: 23 June,all,LostInTranslation,Review is based on gameplay with G29Gameplay:The graphics are on par with today's racing sims. The physics are very realistic if you have the settings right. The DLC is not unobtainable and during a steam sale is well worth it. Beyond that there is the immense amount of free mods availabe for the game.Wheel Setup:A racing sim ideally played on a racing wheel. There are infinite settings to dial a wheel in the way you want.
76561198065062352,Recommended,244210,9376170,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,kezabfz,"Review Update - Assetto Corsa V.08Short version: I highly recommend bying  AC. Although right now it is not a finished  game, but still a game in early acces (~beta) and key fetures like MP are not enabled yet.But what you get right now, is well worth the money and one of teh best racing sims out there.What the heck is Assetto Corsa?AC is the work of a small Italian independent Studio: Kunos Simulazione, in sim racing circles around the world known for Net Kar Pro, held in highest regards due to its driving/physic engine and tyre model.  Never heard of it? -  Just like me. I was happy with the likes of GT 5/6 and Forza, never cared for what was going on on pc and didn't know what I was missing.Anyhow, Assetto Corsa is a pc racing simulator that tries not only to appeal to its own core audience of pc sim racers, but is aimed at console players too.  Assetto Corsa builds up on the predecessor Net Kar Pro, and if successfu,l will see updates, DLC and additional features for years.Assetto Corsa  - What makes it special?IFUN!  - Yes Fun, becausedriving is as much fun in the game as it is in real live. AC is a simulator which gets and provides exactly that.Unlike a lot of otherr sims AC is very accessible, easy to get into but hard to master.The Driving Experience in AC: Just take a seat in the 1st car you like and start driving (my 1st love: BMW E30 DTM@Mugello) - Within the first round I had a big smile on my face, never before had I experienced such a great feedback and immersion with a Racing Game. - with a pad none the less The cars are  alive and responsive, you really feel  weight transfer, the tyres, and every part of the track - imho neither the GT Series, nor the Forza titles or the Sim Bin games I tried on pc  come even close.AC's driving/physics and tyre model is exquisit and unique in its way of easing you into it and letting you explore its depths. If you are looking for something in a racing game that is more detailed and refined than what you already know, then Assetto Corsa is without a doubt the right choice for you.Pad/WheelGreat improvement with Pad support in the latest update, no issues anymire.Though every Sim Racer will tell you, that you have to buy a wheel to enjoy this game that isn't true at all.  To this day I'm driving with a pad and have put 100+hours into AC with a XBox360 Controller and had more fun than I ever had with GT 5 or Forza or any other racing game - i.e. most of the pc simulators sounded like work to me till AC came around. I don't own a 3 Monitor setup, Racing Seat, wheel etc. - just a decent pc which allows me to play on high settings. So you can have fun and lots of it, and the driving experience is still a lot better than GT/Forza.Amount/Quality of contentKunos got their hands on some 1st rate licenses, among them Mercedes (not yet in game), Lotus, BMW and Ferrari and more. AC focuses on GT2/GT3 cars and open wheelers  like the ""almost F1"" Lotus Exos S1 and the awesome old ""Lauda"" Ferrari . But more cars are to come, historicals F1, and much more.Every car is beautifully modelled and whileForza and expecially GT feature hundreds of beautiful cars from all ends of the spectrum,  Kunos is not an industry giant like them and can't ever compete with that amount of original content. But the car selection is still more than decent, all  the tracks in AC are laser scanned and the variety is great - i.e.the Nurburgring GP track and it feels and plays awesome!But here is the main thing: Assetto Corsa is moddable, that means fans are invited to produce and create tracks, cars, skins, Apps and much more - easy to install and a superb enrichment to AC. Just take a look at the beautiful skins or useful apps in the community videos - absolutely amazing, the creators deserve much praise. A big thank you to all the modders and unsung heroes out there!Graphics/Sounds:Very good, but not the very best (upcoming Project Cars) and the performance depends as always mostly on your GPU.  I use a Palit Geforce 770 4GB and play it with high settings. But this game is as you know by now not finished yet and will see a lot of improvements on quality and performace - and some of it has already been done. A low level pc with onboard grafix won't do, but with a high end system you can easily play on resolutions beyond 1920*1080.Sound is above average and good, but is lacking punch in some cars and will improve with future updates. For those who can't wait for that, there are of course already some sound mods out there.Conclusion  - Enough of the rambling rave - be part of Early Access!There are a lot of things that are not perfect in AC yet, and some that are even quite frustrating at the moment. Some issues like setting up and finetuning controllers have been fixed and teh latest update saw the AI behaviour extremely improves. Almost all the frustrating and unfair behaviour are gone, most races are really great fun now with clean racing. The new AI is certainly among the best out there: they really race, they do not drive in a straight line behind each other and bore you to death. They actually give the very immersive impression that they want to beat you, they overtake you and each other, they make mistakes, defend their racing line and so on. With Update 08 most if not all of the terrible AI behaviour is gone anf there are only minor problems left.I can't stress enough how impressive the work of the small KUnos team really is. They kept word on every promise they made, gave or announced additional free contet and their updates are coming every 2 weeks - V08 is definitely a hughe step toward a final release version.Full VersionThe full version of Assetto Corsa game is epected to be released within the next 2-4 months, and the complete content will be available then. That includes Multiplayer, Career mode and certain cars/tracks etc. Till then you get updates every 14 days, which include bugfixes, new features or new content. Until now Kunos stayed true to their word and kept the good things coming.To me this a must-by for everybody who likes to play racings games on whatever system or plattform. If you want the full time hard core simulation immersion - AC delivers just that, but if you just want to have fun driving or racing without a hassle, just pic a car, and AC delivers just that too.And while it certainly isn't perfect and unpolished in some areas, it is very stable and relativeley bugfree (2 crashes during 150+ hours of play).Of course there is much to be done, bugs to be fixed, Controller, grafic performance optimization, adding features like Multiplayer etc. - but I really feel by now that Kunos deserves trust.I will update this review when and if essential features are added and the final version is released."
76561198383000835,Recommended,244210,32107498,Posted: 1 June,all,rallyHaugland95,"If you are using a wheel, this is the best racing game made so far. The physics feels great."
,Recommended,244210,7760973,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,duvel,"Maybe the saviour of PC sim racing?Don't get me wrong, there are other sims on the PC that are stunning in their own right, but Assetto Corsa might be the first in a long, long time that may be able to capture the hearts of the true sim racing crowd and the more casual racer/gamer. And boy does the PC racing scene need a fresh boost like this.Talking of physics for a moment, I am not sure it's as all-conquering as some are saying, but that doesn't take away from the experience - the physics are still pretty darn impressive and right up there with the best on PC and destorys the consoles (as you would expect). One of the breakthrough aspects of the cars is how planted and solid they feel under the limit, which means those fresh to real sim racing will find it less frustrating to enjoy and ""get it"". But push any car to its limit and you'll quickly realize there is serious depth here. I currently prefer AC to any other sim out there when i think of physics, fun factor, potential, and so on.The current car and track list--which is now coming in stages whilst in beta-- is drool worthy. Ferrari F40, 458, BMW M3 GT2, Spa, Monza, Imola -  it just goes on and on, and all the tracks are laser scanned, too. Some classics are missing, but with modding support and promises of DLC in the future, I can see many of these such as Sebring, Mid Ohio and Brands Hatch, coming in due course (along with many more tracks and cars).The key now is to intoduce good community aspects into it's UI, and a multiplayer experience that pushes the boat - not just a bland server list where to be in the know you have to join fragmented leagues in multiple forums all over the world. It should all be handled in the user interface.Assetto Corsa has the potential to bring a fragmented community together. It has the graphics, physics and interface to change the face of sim racing on the PC. Buy it and support Kunos, they seriously deserve it."
,Recommended,244210,14393954,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Steelclaw1313,After playing this game I drove to my friends house and was frustrated when it felt too arcade.
76561197983676587,Recommended,244210,13186149,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,DrSmile,"+ vehicledynamics/handling+ looks good+ sounds good+ laserscanned tracks+ nice selection of cars+ mods- AI/KI- no weather- no night- first kunos wanted to sell it as a F2P Game and you feel and see it in almost every aspect of this game (5sec penalty, no false starts, pitstops, no flagrules etc)- kunos want to get a big company so they care more about nice pressevents and nice pictures then turning this game into a real racing simulator- no longer every 2 week updates- many, many, many idiots/jerks/♥♥♥♥♥♥s/cheaters in public multiplayer- maybe a DLC nightmare in the future (3rd party paycontet already available)- almost impossible to do close door-2-door racing cause of massive microlags in multiplayer- lags in general (when the player in front of you is hard on the edge of his car - his car starts to lag/warp and you most likely crash him/you/both of you out of the race if you dont slow down and let a gap of 1-2sec between your cars)- maxed out graphics needs huge gpu performance- damagesystem in its current state is ♥♥♥♥ed up from top to bottom- overall it feels like a tuned up forza motorsport (physic) with by far less content and costumisation of your cars (i played fm3 and loved it also) (most likely cause they wanted to sell it as f2p ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ where you would have to pay a lot of real cash for a nice paint or spoiler)- Trento Bondone Hillclimb Track is a bad conversation from netcar (the devs also forbidded to mod it into the game for modders) and is by far the visual worst track and yes you can also fall out of the hole track/level into an endless flyinspin when you crash at the wrong place...like in a 0.2 version of some modtracks. I HOPE THEY FIX THIS ASAP.So is it a good game? More - then +.If you like driving/racinggames like rf,gtr,iracing and own a wheel it is definitely a must have. ATTENTION: Nordschleife will come as DLC with 10cars and is NOT INCLUDED in the release version of this game.If you more confident with a simple xbox controller then wait for project cars or stay with forza motorsport/gt.Singleplayer sucks cause of KI and limited simulation of real racing.PUBLIC Multiplayer sucks cause of many, many, many wreckers and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ wannabe schumachers.Best solution is to download some hillclimb/rallytrack mods and enjoy the driving from point a to b. ALONE. Or join a racingleague for fair and hard racing (but not too close :))This is my personal opinion after 770hours of testing and driving, bugreporting and following the developement since day 1 of ea release.Cheers and have funUPDATE: now programm state is 1.1.6improved sounds: very nice, special in replays on shorter tracks. with headphones....5.1 surround sound sounds not so good aimproved graphics: good for people with 1gb vramimproved tyres/physics: if you stay away from the simcade settings optimal - still benchmarkimproved multiplayer: yes, door-to-door is more possible, many options still missingimproved ki: thats the part what make me the most sick about this game. After they introduced the ki in the ea i had read a review about it in the official ac forums where the guy said that the ki is more acting like real human beings, some are aggressiv some passiv and he told his experience of his first singleplayer race. and after i tried the singleplayer mode 2 months after the release i had exact the same experience like he had when the ki was ""new"". its still impossible to do a simple trackday with different cars driven by the ki and have fun race. damn its even impossible to follow a abarth 500 train cause the ki driven ferrari behind is unable to overtake the 500 but when you overtake the ferrari he will most likely crash you instantly out of the race. whats the point of playing a racinggame where the ki is dumber then a texas instruments calculator? and the devs said in the ea phase that most players will only use singleplayer and not multiplayer so they focus more on singleplayer....ähm wtf?!?and now they splitting up the costumers into ""good dlc buyer cashcow players"" and ""bad only stock/mod content poor players"" inmultiplayer....wtf?Yes the game is still in developement but where are the times when you buyed a game and it was (almost) complete and with all features players wanted and features which are also needed to say it is a simulator and not a mariokart. But no kunos said they dont want to get competion against simbin, iracing, rfactor so now you have the result. ki not working, singlepayer racing only 10 laps max....multiplayer which you also cant enjoy to its full capacity if you dont buy dlc(´s). Please Kunos stop seperating each part of you game into a calculation part to get money. If you have a full package you will get your money cause you will have a overall good product and not a thing which falls apart in every aspect when you watch it close."
,Recommended,244210,10081271,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Cpt. Barbacoco,"*UPDATED to .21*For me, one of the best racing sims out there. definitely recomendable.I will make a list of pros and cons (list for V0.94) so you can decide for yourself:Pros:-Best driving simulation I've ever tried, the car is so predictable that you can even go sideways playing with a mouse. Dont get me wrong, you really NEED a wheel to enjoy this game. Almost every car is easy to drive in your confort zone, try to go above it  to earn some tenths and it will become tricky before you lose the control of the car.-You get a bunch of cars (a bit of everything) and a few laser scanned circuits. We are talking of the closest to reality models you can get on a game here. More to come, the Green Hell as dlc in October I think-Mods (with dev tools soon *already released). mod apps (displays, corners performance,..),mod sound, mod tracks (one of high quality already, crappy ports too), and mod cars (soon* already released good ones: shelby cobra and gp2).-Small and friendly dev team. They ask, you answer, they give (list of wanted cars and traks) and you ask, they answer (if you have some problem)-Game modes: Im just here for the multiplayer but there is a lot of challenges, time atack mode, drift and drag mode too. *multiplayer is enjoyable already, you have some jump in and drive servers and more serious onesNow the cons:-As early access: everything works in single player, the AI needs a bit of agresivity tuning, now avoids you an doesnt defend its position. The devs have said to v1.0 there will be 2 sliders for strenth and agresivity. Multiplayer have some lacks but it was  released this friday so it will be better for sure.- you dont have a massive list of cars like lets say Project Cars-As the time writing, is not possible to have another light source than the Sun, so no night races yet. You can race from sunrise to sunset with dynamic time and stuff- Not weather yet- Car damage (visual and mechanic) is not implemented yet,  seeing the perfection of the grip simulation I'm sure it will be top-notch tho- *You will find some idiots on the multiplayer from time to time in open servers, but what multiplayer game doesnt have them? (btw i've only seen one in 150h, the rest is just lack of experience)final thoughts:If you are still reading this, buy it, you wont regret it"
,Recommended,244210,11787454,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Double B,"Let me be as frank, and honest as possible, this game is absolutely amazing, but there is a caveat.So I did not really play racing games/sims and one day I saw Grid Autosport, and it had a really fun look to it so I picked it up and with my XBOX controller, started having fun.  The AI is terrible on that game, but in multiplayer with friends its a great time.  I enjoyed it so much, I thought, have I missed out on one of the best genres of games?So I picked up Assetto Corsa, and tried it out.  It was fun in third person view with the controller, but as I read through forums, and spoke to others I was missing out.This is a SIMULATOR, a program DESIGNED to mimic real life driving and thus cannot be enjoyed fully with sticks and buttons, and that a wheel, no, a good wheel was going to improve my experience.Well, for my birthday, my wife got me the G27 wheel, and my goodness, this is where this game absolutely excels.  There is nothing like it, I truly feel as though I am driving the car (to a point) and I LOVE IT!  I tried Grid with the wheel, and its not bad, not bad at all, its the difference between Outrun and getting a day at a real racing track playing AC.  There is also modding support, so if I want to drift one night, I have a some drift cars, want to drive F1, those are there, and the amount of tracks and cars provided by the community, are increasing daily.So....to sum it up, if you are looking for a game, this probably isnt for you, but if you are looking to have a real racing experience, this is where its at!"
,Recommended,244210,22885982,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Ayrton Senna da Silva,"After years of LFS.After years of rFactor 1 and 2After Race 07 , Race Evolution ..After RBR .... First time i make a 'small review' .Yeah, the best sim racing for me .Nothing more to say .700hour's of fun, burned rubber, laugh's and epic mod's .Thank you ."
76561198024419208,Not Recommended,244210,30762736,Posted: 26 March,all,crazyhenkie,"There are a few pluses to this game:Laserscanned tracksSemi-elaborate car settings options, although I don't like the handling model (see below)The Force Feedback is nuanced and communicates well what a car is doing through the steering wheelI tried to like this game, but unfortunately it is also very lacking in many areas which severely offset the positives:AI is unaware of players and will continue their set path no matter what. Their ability to fight or defend is mediocre at best.No weather effects (rain)No nighttime racingLacking career modeSounds are sometimes accurate, but for the most part it's too flat. Sounds are very digital and lack in reverberation with surroundings.Handling is not that great, I feel especially the tyre model is lacking. Obviously people will be very sensitive to this because it is supposed to be a great simulator. Unfortunately I must disagree, so I'll try to be elaborate on this one.Front tyres will not respond correctly when trailbraking, and mid-corner they do not bite (i.e. generate lateral force) as much as they should. This is very simple to showcase: try and flick the wheel left and right through the exit barriers of the Nürburgring Tourist exit; even high-downforce racing cars with proper racing tyres will barely change direction in this game, whereas I can make my silly road car on road tyres shift tyre load very easily and rapidly. This phenomenon is also visible in (record) hotlaps from the top guys on the leaderboards: even they have to coast terribly long at corner entry and mid-corner, otherwise any car in this game will just go wide. This can easily be shown by for example looking up real-life time attacks on the Nordschleife and comparing the corner speeds with those in the game. There is just no way to really push without the front tyres giving up, and that is just a shame.I tried my fair share of extreme car setups (minimum spring and damper stiffness in the front and maximum in the rear, maximum rake, etc.) just to get the front end turn, but the physics engine just does not respond accordingly. Again, this is visible in the way even the leaderboard players have to coast so much through turns.Another thing is that drifting in this game does not look natural at all; whenever the cars oversteer they continue to move as a solid body in a given direction and at the same velocity. It's not possible to make the car increase its angular velocity (i.e.: spin out) by abruptly stabbing the throttle or the brake. It is also not possible to power out the cars from corner apexes and gradually straightening the wheel. As a result, there is no chance to do controlled drifts in which cars harmoniously slide from corner to corner as if they are dancing, and certainly not with a lot of tyre smoke from spinning the rear wheels under power. Look up any video of AC drifting to see what I mean; as a result of the non-accurate handling model cars will just go from uncontrolled slide to uncontrolled slide, there is never an actual feeling that the driver is in control of the drift angle at all.What's more, this unacademic and totally disrespectful response of the developer says enough about his lack of knowledge and approach to an iterative process of improving something technical like a physics engine:http://imgur.com/a/NgYYQThis guy can't be a real engineer if he can't even handle some constructive peer reviews...But most of all: I'm especially fond of online racing, but this game has just the worst online system of any recent driving game, and I want to elaborate on thisgame-breaking experiencethat makes me regret my purchase of this incomplete game. There simply is next to no variety in online lobbies; it is always the same track and car combinations that appear, and making a custom lobby will result in a lack of players that are able to join, let alone actually join. This is due to two main reasons:Hosting an online lobby is done with a seperate dedicated server tool that imposes unnecessary restrictions on the host.First of all, a single car model with a particular colour has to be manually assigned to every player slot beforehand. There is no way of selecting one or multiple classes that are allowed, but instead there is just a list of all the car models without their specifications. Not only is it very hard to know which cars are evenly matched to each other, but it results inextremely limited choice.In practice, it is either having to deal with one-make races or a fixed varied list in which one or two cars of each model is available; for example, two Ferraris 458, two Mercedes SLS AMG, two Corvettes, etcetera. In the latter case, when a car is taken by another player, it is prohibited to drive it anymore because it belongs to the prior assigned server slot; if the two McLaren P1s are already chosen, you are out of luck and have to choose another model. The host decides which cars are available, both in type and in quantity. A ridiculous decision; this has to be the only car game in recent times that carries over this real-world restriction/scarcity into the digital world. Some people even go afk in the lobby just not to lose their virtual car in that server to another player...Furthermore, the online tool cannot be setup to cycle through multiple tracks, let alone a new set of available cars. Every change has to be done manually and servers have to be restarted with every edit, kicking all the players...The online experience is further worsened with the next point below:DLC system splits up the game into many different sub versions. In other games this is no problem because you can join all lobbies, but are just restricted to use the content that you own.Not in Assetto, where you are just denied into a server when you lack just one car or track from the list that the host setup. In practice, this leads to even less variety, because lobby leaders know that they will not get many players joining if they choose cars from several DLC packs, so it's mostly either 'vanilla game content lobbies' or 'DLC lobbies' that are available.Care for some online GT3 racing? You are forced to buy Dream Pack 2 and 3, as well as the Red Pack and lately the Porsche pack as well for the Porsche GT3 car. Want to have a supercar battle? Same problem, lobbies will probably have at least a Porsche sportscar, so youmustbuy any of that DLC as well as the Tripl3 Pack DLC for the Ferrari 488 GTB that inevitably is in the lobby list. If you own just the vanilla game, then forget about proper online play altogether.All in all, this game is fun if you want a semi-realistic hotlapping game, or if you are planning to buy all the DLC. Otherwise, I would definitely not recommend it."
,Recommended,244210,34914187,Posted: 12 September,all,Đﾑ√łĐ MØN$Ŧ€Я,A cat is still alive because of the real world driving reflexes I gained from Assetto Corsa…
76561197967710696,Recommended,244210,24840033,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,MisterCrow,- Took the missus on a very expensive holiday.- Came home poor and bored.- Told myself I couldn't afford AC + DLC.- Bought AC and DLC (because Nordschleife and Nissan GTR).- Used my XB1 controller because I don't have a wheel.- Couldn't do the game justice without a wheel.- Looked at wheel reviews.- Told myself I can't afford a wheel.- Missus told me I can't afford a wheel.- Bought a wheel.- Profit.11/10 would be poor again
76561198101960889,Recommended,244210,26365017,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,lancelotyen,"I have old i5-3230M GT650M laptop.When I bought AC(ver 1.6?) it is unplayable at 720p, graphic low and more than about 8 AI cars.I mostly played practice or hot lap.But I did not complaint. The driving experience itself is good enough..Now ver 1.9, with same laptop,1080p low, 12 AI cars,  no problem!! 50~60fps!!24 AI cars reach 30~40fps at some tracks. playable!Whta a great job!Some games just want to kill your GPU..Kunos, keep up the good work!"
76561198160526678,Recommended,244210,15989938,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,pauladamsalberta,"I am 50 years old and not much of a gamer, but enjoy simulations of all kinds, which Assetto Corsa is. They are a small group of people and do a good job listening to us. They have improved this software so much in the past year that I had to update my review.One thing I am sure, from hearing about what others are describing about AC, is that each hardware setup (computer/wheel/screen/vr) behaves a little different.Then of course there is the settings (comuter/wheel/software). So much can be gained or lost here.Go through (assettocorsa ini) file and set everything to your computer/wheel.I got Razer Cortex, which shuts down background apps and Malwarebyts, which cleaned hundreds of pups.Download the (Anti Clipping and Fanaleds) apps for your wheel.REFLECTIONS set down to low and static reflections set to very low, may help.I find it harder to drive in game than a real car so be patient and be aware of your speed. 50 mph in-game still feels like 30 mph to me.I still have to remind myself of the power I have, without any repercussions to the $500 000 car or myself/public property. I had a V8 Vega (300+ horse, curb weight 2500 pounds), could, at times, leave me shaking for the rest of the day. I could only imagine the skid mark a car like the  LeFerrari could cause in your underwear.Assetto Corsa's physics really are incredible.This is getting very real. Assetto Corsa is worth all the money and time.One other thing that has me so addicted is the track and car mods.Checking to see what is new every day is one of my favorite things to do. Just try searching Google Image ""Assetto Corsa car mod downloads"" and see for yourself.I can't emphasize this enough. Sim guys are some of the nicest and most helpful people from all over the world.The guy's at Assetto Corsa must love what they do and it shows.Have fun. Paul"
,Recommended,244210,13546672,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Risa Koizumi,"A great example of Early Access done right, Kunos was always communicating what they were working on and delivered updates frequently.As for the game itself, if you want a racing simulator, Assetto Corsa is the title you want. Period. It may not have the same eye-candy as some titles, but it delivers in the physics simulation, force feedback (use of a wheel is highly recommended), and native, FOV-correct triple-monitor support.Kunos has stated plans to continue building on AC with DLC and core updates through 2017, so even if you didn't get in on early access, there's still a great value to be had here."
,Recommended,244210,32542384,Posted: 18 June,all,Ric0cheTed,Can not recommend this game enough. Must have for any sim racer/drifter.
,Recommended,244210,23263378,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,ntst22,"Brief IntroductionAssetto Corsa is undoubtedly one of the most popular racing simulators out there, despite all the good things and bad things from this game, I feel a bit half-half about this game.But before we get into the review lets go over what the developer had to say about Assetto Corsa#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorAssetto Corsa features an advanced DirectX 11 graphics engine that recreates an immersive environment, dynamic lighthing and realistic materials and surfaces. The advanced physics engine is being designed to provide a very realistic driving experience, including features and aspects of real cars, never seen on any other racing simulator such as tyre flat spots, heat cycles including graining and blistering, very advanced aerodynamic simulation with active movable aerodynamics parts controlled in real time by telemetry input channels, hybrid systems with KERS (Kinetic energy recovery system) and energy recovery simulation. Extremely detailed with single player and multiplayer options, exclusive licensed cars reproduced with the best accuracy possible, thanks to the official cooperation of Car Manufacturers.What I think about the GamePros…As a proper car simulator, I think you should be able to feel every little bit of the road, and with Assetto Corsa, you’re able to get that. The actual physics of this game is magnificent with a force-feedback wheel, this is achievable. With a decent wheel and pedal system, you are able to feel the understeer, the oversteer, even little bumps in the road – this means that you can feel it build up, and you know when you’re going to lose it. In this whole simulator aspect, I think this beats out its competitors, such as Project Cars. Despite losing out on graphics to Project Cars, it makes up in terms of physics and overall “realism” to the driving experience. The details put into the exterior and interior of cars, even moving parts of cars is phenomenal as well. As of the Japanese car pack, Assetto Corsa dives in and out of different car pop culture, whether you're on the touge tracks of Japan to the sweeping curves of Eau Rouge (Spa). To say the least, most other PC ""simulators"" only offer one or two cars per each region but Assetto Corsa hits the nail in the head in terms of variety.and ConsBeing given this great first impression of realism makes me so reluctant to criticize this game, but once I dug deeper into my hundreds of hours of Assetto Corsa, these small missing details of a racing simulator starts to bother me more and more. Weather effects aren’t available in this game, like driving in the rain, and I think that as a racing simulator, it’s a must have. The AI isn’t that good, but neither is the AI in its competitors. Thus flags are a thing, but no marshals? Pit stops too, whereare they in single playeris the realism in them?It’s not like they don’t have it in motorsports.Where the crew changing your tires?Where are your car jackers?Where are your post-race celebrations? C’mon and you still call this a racing simulator. I want to see yellow flags going up when there are crashes half way around the circuit, I want marshals to be waving the blue flag so I can go “Hey Dan, go ♥♥♥♥ yourself because you’re♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, I want the full enjoyment of your pit-crew working on your car. Developers, wake up, you might as well call them “Need for Speed: On the Track”. All the Assetto boiz are going to dislike this but it’s the truth.Overall ThoughtsIt’s a great simulator, great handling, great experience, but has way more things to improve on. If you’re going to label your game a “simulator”, don’t give us something half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and something that’s not complete.Conclussion?Yes, despite all the downsides of the game, I think it's one of the best racing games, let alone racing simulators out there. But developers, get off your asses and do something about it.(If you found the review helpful, giving it a thumbs up would be nice!)If you're looking for more Steam Friends? Look no more - feel free to add me!Thus, hit me up if you want to play Assetto Corsa with meEdit1: A few gramatical errors.Edit2: Thanks @Inbekannt - pitstops are a thing now in Assetto Corsa, adjustments made to the reviewEdit3: Change to the review as of the implementation of the Japanese Car PackEdit4: Thanks @Boogle. silly vocabulary error."
,Recommended,244210,26728560,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Wolve,"Having spent 500+ hours in the last 2.5 years, I can say this is easily the best racing game ever and a true successor to the GTR2 category. It is irritatingly realistic, requires a lot of practise and epic patience to get your laps right and comes closest to the real thing. Earlier versions had optimisation issues but now, Assetto Corsa is a charm and is a must-have for all car guys/racing fans. There is a sense of achievement when you get your laps/setups right.Pros-1. Physics are bang-on perfect! If you are looking for realism, this is as real as it can get!It has reached a point where its painfully real. For example- You set your toes and cambers to tune the cornering, it affects the temperatues (inside,outside and mid tread of tyre gets different temp) and the suspension reactions. You then fine tune the suspension which affects your previous toes/cambers. But mid-way you realise your height, spoilers, Anti-roll bars and spring stiffenss need adjustment which you are able to perfect but when you run a lap.... It has all went to wastebecause the last update (while being brilliant) offsets something else completely ruining your whole life.No corner is as easy as brakes, steer, accelerate out... You've to be aware about the tyre loading, temperatues, current fuel load and age of tyre before deciding on that ever-fluctuating time to brake and to steer.2. A huge array of cars and tracks. Fulfills every guy/girl/helicopter's need in terms of car choice- hatchbacks, small sports cars, japanese sports cars (the only DLC I refuse to buy), sedans, SUVs, vintage cars, vintage legends, supercars, hypercars, GT4, GT3, GT2 and F1. And believe me, each one of it has a completely different character and satisfies when you get it right.Tracks, I agree are just about enough but can seem limited at times. Solution? Download more through various concerned sites.3. Brilliant community support- A lot of fantastic mods are available, which are very welcome by the mod-friendly nature of the game. In addition, there are lots of racing leagues being organised very professionally by players (very much like iRacing).4. Very affordable pricing of the product! Even the DLC are completely affordable for even college students. I feel the 'Value for Money' factor is off the charts for Assetto Corsa.Cons-1. Career mode starts off from the basic hatchbacks races and progresses upto the Formula/GT series in a very slow fashion. Whilst, from a real life career POV is very real, gets really boring in 2-3 hours. I found it boring to establish expertise on FWD hatchbacks but it definitely helps you understand the basics of driving a car fast. This progression gives you the feeling of differences in street vs race cars.2. Engine sounds has always been a weakness of Assetto Corsa, which has improved upto a certain extent, yet still not on par with other racing games in the market. Solution? Mods! Available sound mods are simply brilliant and eradicate this issue completely. (Google ""Fonsecker"" if you want a jump start on sound mods)In competition-Assetto Corsa makes Codemasters' Formula 1 look as real as Mario Kart. Project cars which is 5 times as costly to buy (incl DLC) doesn't come anyway near in terms of realism; and Assetto Corsa doesn't come near PGC in terms of graphics. iRacing is the only real competitor to AC but loses out on pricing, that thing is damn expensive.NFS,drive,forza etc etc aren't in this league so no use comparing.All in all, just buy the game already, if you ready to learn racing from the ground up (even though you have won championships before), and if you have a lot of patience. There is nothing like Assetto Corsa. It is a step ahead of every other game else."
,Recommended,244210,13530039,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,zuhairzc,"I love this game.Assetto Corsa dawns a new era of the racing simulator. Assetto Corsa is a simulator that brings the revered true-to-life racing experience to the casual gamer. This game bridges the two worlds together without losing rigidity as a racing simulator. This is a simulator that will punish you for entering a corner too fast, or giving too much gas in a corner. But at the same time it is so delightfully simplistic and intuitive that it is easily playable by almost anyone. Assetto Corsa is one of the few racing simulators that is fun, and still encourages you to make mistakes and learn from them. If you are coming from console games like Forza, or GT and are looking for something more, then this is the game for you. Assetto Corsa is truly the best racing simulator there is.However, this game is by no means perfect. One of the biggest problems that I have for this game is the lack of awareness of speed. This leads to the driver entering the corner much too fast, and creates an inorganic driving experience. This problem is mostly notable in the interior driving view. Other reviewers have mentioned this as a flaw and it certainly is one. I found the best way to correct this is to adjust the FOV or go to either the bonnet cam or the bumper cam. If you are someone that can get used to the inside cam (where it occurs the most) then this might not be a problem for you."
,Recommended,244210,18399275,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,nightmare,"if you want a true to life simulator of car dynamics and car physics then this is your game.if you want a simulator that perfectly captures each car's individual driving and handling feel as well as each car's individual engine note, this is your game.if you want a simulator that accurately models drivetrains, this is your game.AC with the bonus pack and both dream packs is an absolutely brilliant game, and with the 1.3 update brings new improved tyre models and physics along with reworked sound and some more polishing. cars feel incredibly planted with new tyre modeling (as should be the case on semi-slicks and slicks) and gain of grip/loss of grip works perfectly.it will only get better, and better. really the only thing that needs to be added is laserscan sebring and laguna seca along with a polished fully fledge career mode and its a 10/10 game. as of now its 9/10buy with confidence"
76561198095147514,Recommended,244210,27101715,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Konstantinos WagenVolks,My time says it all i think! ;)
,Recommended,244210,10390741,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Berserker223,"This is my first Steam review; I hadn't felt much inclined to really write one before now, but after 100+ hours on Assetto Corsa I feel compelled to. I'm definitely a car game enthusiast, and Assetto Corsa is the best racing simulation I have ever played. No other game, in my opinion, comes close to conveying such a sense of how it really must feel to drive these cars. Assetto Corsa has nice graphics and sounds, but it's the laser scanned tracks and an advanced physics model that really set it apart. To provide specific ideas as to what this means, weight transfer is beautifully conveyed, the way the cars behave makes sense, and you are driving on surfaces that virtually exactly match reality. Something I really enjoyed for example was how the same cars handling varies with tyre choice. Take a street tyre for example, you will feel the tyre roll and the car slide relatively easily and quite predictably. Put on a racing compound however and you now feel the car chassis working harder, and when the grip does give out the slide is much more dramatic and less easy to control. There is huge depth and many hours to enjoy exploring such aspects, without it ever becoming frustrating or unintuitive. Assetto Corsa is still 'early access' as I write this, but there is already a promising and welcoming community, and plenty of good content, with more coming in the form of additional manufacturer and track licenses. This is a must have for any driving enthusiasts game library."
76561198087531352,Recommended,244210,30397396,Posted: 8 March,all,Trls250S,"Went racing in September last year trying to go drifting. Failed miserably.Friend told me about how far racing steering wheels for games had come and how good everything was.Hadnt touched one since Colin McRae Rally on Playstation 1.Googled 'best drifting simulator' found Assetto Corsa. Sold spare set of wheels for race car, bought Logitech G92, game and graphics card for PC in December.Done nothing but sweet sweet Skids until Janurary. Got bored, discovered user created content and online play. Now I tandem with teams on small Japanese racetracks in LSX powered Silvias.Went back out on track in February, Killed it drifting.11/10 havent even tried to drive a normal car."
76561198115633757,Recommended,244210,31872866,Posted: 20 May,all,Carbon888 | PUBGBets.net,It's like Project Cars except it doesn't suck.
,Recommended,244210,23724057,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Julianos #backbitches,"Assetto Corsa is, to me, the shell of a perfect racing game, and with more time and money I can see it being a truly incredible product.The physics, handling, track quality and as such, general racing immersion of AC is a level above other racing titles like Forza, Gran Turismo, or Project Cars. RFactor may offer better physics, I haven't tried it.AC may be behind some of the above on graphics and AI, and is definitely behind Forza and GT on car and track selection, and the depth of the career mode.So you have to figure out what you want in a game, due you want fidelity to real life, with accurate simulation of each car, precise aerodynamic and drivetrain calculations and laser scanned tracks, or do you want to be able to drift around corners without sacrificing lap times? Do you want a false sensation of speed, or an accurate introduction to cornering and car weight distribution? Do you want top level AI and reward intensive career progression, or are you happy endlessly lapping empty tracks, looking for slight improvements in your cornering technique.I much prefer the later, but I don't mean to disparage those who enjoy the former. I've spent my last 30hrs in game lapping one track (Zandvoort in the Netherlands), with one car (the McLaren 650S GT3) and the experience has been hugely enjoyable as I try to approach race car driver speeds (which I'm sure I'm far off, currently only the 5th fastest on RSR for that combination). The feel of laser scanned track through the force feedback is incredible, the handling dynamics superb and the complexity and precision of high-speed racing is endlessly fascinating to me.If you want to genuinely feel the sensation of racing a well modelled 458, or a McLaren P1, or a GT3 or F1 car through Spa, or the Nurnburgring, this is a near perfect way to do it (short of somehow renting one!)If you're a fan of driving, buy AC and invest in developing technique. If you're a fan of arcade style multiplayer, or the quick fun of frantic drifting buy something else.Highly recommended, from someone looking forward to the new car releases in May and June. If they can add some American and Japanese tracks, expand the list of road cars, continue to tinker with the AI, and maybe, eventually, develop a solid career mode, then this will be a perfect racing game."
76561197988445370,Recommended,244210,8010706,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,renfield,"Did you ever drive a Ferrari in a racing game before? Of course you did, plenty of games in the past had Ferraris in their repertoire but the FERRARI 458 ITALIA in AC feels for me actually the very first time to drive one of these hot beautys. Easily playable with a thumbstick controller if you don`t have a proper wheel ready in your pocket.At the moment Assetto Corsa is in Beta which means it is a giant Tech Demo without the upcoming career mode, multiplayer and has no AI and physical damage yet but the AAA graphics (laser scanned tracks!), great handling and outstanding  sounds/effects makes me believe that we have here one of the best Driving Simulators coming up for a discount price till it`s release probably in 2014. Here you have Life for Speed, rFactor and iRacing mixed together to an excellent and amazing racing game. This game is simply superb! Not only for sim fans :)"
,Recommended,244210,24625976,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Lucky,"DISCLAMER! This review is based on my experience using aXbox controller.(63 hours so far)Graphics (car): Very detailed.Graphics (environment): Not great but passable and enjoyable.Performance: Runs great on i7 4790k + 970 (80FPS+ on high setting)Sound:Let this speak for itself (youtube)Force feedback (controller): Even with a controller I have sense of control on how my car behaves on the road.""Damage"":The physics isn't great when you bump into things it feels like playing bumper cars. (youtube)and the car damage are mostly scratches.Single player + AI: Single player is great and with many challenging modes. However, when you are racing against AI they will pretend not to see you and hit you.Multiplayer: The community is awesome. Everyone wants to race but every now and then someone will try to ram you on purpose.Multiplayer (server browser/host): Easy to host but no steam integration. Expect a lot of EU servers.DLC: Might seem overpriced at first but completely worth. Tons of high quality cars and tracks.Overall, great sandbox racing simulator."
76561198009580989,Not Recommended,244210,29184517,Posted: 11 January,all,Patronic,For a Simcade game it is pretty ok but still faaaaaaaaaar away from beeing finished. Even basic racing functions like multiple session quali etc are not in.The devs have the worst and most unpolite support I ever saw.http://visedeg.no/images/lvzbakshd72xtry0oqcf.jpg
,Recommended,244210,12508741,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,☺Adequate☺,"version 1.0.0 just dropped.  It brings new vehicles, maps and a completely overhauled sound system as well as better vehicle damage, better mechanics and handling, overall the game feels ""miles"" better compared to the previous versions! Well done Kunos. ohh and career mode is now availible to play... this game is honestly a steal, for the price to content ration!TLDR: Everything that could have been improved, was improved......Edit: AC is no longer in ""early access"", more career missions have been released to further the game aswell as tweaked mechanics on some vehicles, and a hint at future licensed vehicles to come.Every corner in the game you take, you always get a shot of adrenaline, you can never know if you are going to fast that you might spin out, or just that perfect speed that would end up giving you a an advantage on your ever soo close opponent that is trailing right behind you."
76561197980881916,Recommended,244210,25128247,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Twitchy,"After spending 150 hours in Project Cars, I decided to buy this.. so this is more of a comparison than a review.. or both?The first thing I noticed was how much different the FFB feels. It's difficult to explain, but I'll try. It feels much closer to driving a real car. There's a wider ""soft zone"" than in PCars, as PCars tends to feel fairly stiff even with the smallest movements. You can turn down FFB strength on PCars to compensate, but this makes some of the more dramatic turns feel ""off"" or too weak. Assetto Corsa gives a more balanced and dynamic feeling throughout the various turn radiuses. You also feel everything on the road to the slightest detail and the laser scanned tracks add even more detail to this. (Also the grass actually feels like grass, sand like sand, and your car slides appropriately! In PCars the grass is like quick sand.) Overall, it just feels right.The car handling and physics also feel more akin to a real vehicle. Because of this, I found the driving more intuitive and found myself making more consistent laps. The game feels much more stable as well. I haven't encountered any bugs and even in VR it runs silky smooth. PCars can be pretty glitchy and unreliable, both in the physics and sound.. making it pretty frustrating sometimes. Drifting of course is far better in Assetto Corsa, (not even comparable, honestly) which is what I'm going to spend most of my time doing personally.I don't really see much point of going back and playing PCars other than to play with a friend who doesn't own this game. My only gripe is that I can't tune my vehicles to the precision I'd like, this may be a misunderstanding on my part because I've seen videos of people tuning (for example) their toe out to 1. (Maybe an update took this out?) I can only do increments of 5 or 10 with the same vehicle. If there's a way to choose any number, please let me know."
,Recommended,244210,30949722,Posted: 4 April,all,thegamer4590,"First off, the game is amazing. I got this game when it was in early stages, and purchased all the dream packs that there were; I think the total cost for everything at the time was like 60 bucks. Although now you can get the base game with like 20 cars or something like that included with your 30 bucks. Okay, now let me talk about the pros and cons.Pros:Amazing GraphicsAmazing Cars (Whether You Get The Dream Packs or Not)Supports The Rift and Vive for VRSupports 4k, Multi Monitors, and Gaming ChairsAmazing SimulationWorks Great With G27 Force Feed Back WheelCar TweekingAnd of Course Much More for You to Find OutCons:Very Expensive With all the Dream PacksNot Many Different Seasons and Forms of PrecipitationSingle Player is Limited but Still FunAnd not Much MoreHope fully you thought my review was helpful, definitely hit the thumbs up on the helpful icon...Thanks:)"
,Recommended,244210,23857643,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,wolby2010,"From the outset I would just like to say I do own Project Cars and have at the time of writing 630+ hours but only 16 hours of Assetto Corsa (Just bought it).People say that AC's more accurate physics simulation over pCars features and looks makes it the better purchase but I beleive that some compromise between AC and pCars would make for a more rounded and enjoyable simulation-bPhysicsIMO the physics of Assetto Corsa tend to lean quite heavily on understeer (much like Grand Turismo) and pCars on oversteer. It feels as though every car wants to understeer... but the result of this is that Assetto Corsa rewards you more for precise and smooth driving whereas pCars you can generally chuck the car around and achieve ridiculous lap-times.In terms of braking I managed to get the settings at a somewhat decent level but the fact that you cannot adjust brake pressure (or disk size) is quite debilitating. The braking quite often feels... mushy-mushy-mushy-FULL LOCK and so you are severly punished for not using ABS (which at factory level is simulated quite well). pCars on the other hand better handles progressive braking however it's too rare that you lock your wheels (which is unrealistic). Assetto Corsa though does a better job at simulating the impact of flat-spotting your tires.The default setup on AC seems to be heavily biased towards the front brakes and so you will almost always lock the fronts rather than the rears. But I immediately noticed in AC I felt way more comfortable trail-braking than in pCars.In pCars I felt I had a better idea of what needed to be changed in the setup in order to drive faster or smoother whereas with AC you can't really see or feel the difference in two setups you can only judge them by laptimes. AC doesn't quite have the level of detail when it comes to tuning your cars and the impact seems less emphasised.FFBThis has been constantly praised as far better than pCars but it is hard to describe why because it is based on feeling.As with pCars the default FFB isn't great and so it will take a short while to get it to feel how you want but AC has a great custom app that will adjust the FFB strength on a per car basis on the fly. AC also has the advantage that you can creat a .lut curve to adjust the linearity of your wheels motor. pCars however has a greater range of options for FFB which can be a blessing and a curse.When I first started playing AC I couldn't shake the idea that something was missing in the feel through FFB and it took me a while but I realised it was the body of the car. pCars feels as though you have the road-->tires-->springs/suspension-->steering wheel whereas AC seems to skip the springs part. The result is you feel a disconnect between you and the car and the game ends up feeling clinical. You also don't visually see any roll in the body of the car (more later).UndersteerIn terms of understeer you can add the enhanced understeer option which is a great indicator through the FFB but I feel that it hampers your ability to try and correct and at times the understeer feels like your set in it. You can turn that feature off though and understeer is pretty much the same as pCars.OversteerOversteer on the other hand is completely different. with pCars you can sometimes feel locked into a spin and correcting it is almost impossible whereas AC the oversteer is more progressive and you can feel the different stages of slip and you can correct it far easier and it feels more intuitive getting the car back straightened out.BrakingAC does a better job of brake rumble and you can feel more accurately when the wheels are locking up and so you can adjust your braking. In comparison pCars you only know when you've locked up your wheels when you try to steer and nothing happens (except in an open-wheeler where you can tell by looking .)AccelerationThis might come up again later but I feel as though pCars gives you a better sense through FFB of acceleration effects so even if you weren't looking you could better tell whether you are going quickly or slowly.Track SurfaceIMO the differences aren't that significant but I do feel that pCars has overdone the bumps a little whereas AC is a little more subtle and realistic but then again pCars the feel of the bumps differs based on springs and dampers whereas I haven't yet detected that in AC.VisualsThis one should be quite quick, it is more of a subjective category but I do feel pCars looks so much better and specifically more involving.In terms of the track pCars has AC licked it feels better seeing the trees and waving flags but a pretty track does not a good sim make.The cars in AC from the inside feel fake and a bit two dimensional, they have nothing on pCars and look only slightly better than something Codemasters would do which is a little disappointing because they have Ferrari and Lamborghini. The result of this is you start to feel detached (a word that keeps coming) from the game and more like a casual observer rather than feeling as though you are in the car. [I will say that I do not have VR and that is probably going to render the previous sentence moot]The outside of the  car is really no better, they look arcade-y and again it's not such a big deal but with cool brands in the game it is a little bit of a let down.One thing I find quite important is the camera shake and movement (especially look to apex) I think this is something AC definitely needs to work on as pCars gets it right and AC is too sterile resulting in you not feeling the speed of the car you are driving. In pCars you get a sense of rush and anticipation when trying to spot the braking zone because everything is speeding past you so quickly. In AC you can only really get an idea of your speed by looking at the speedometer.ContentCarsThis one is a little more tough. pCars has many more tracks and Cars by default and so the range is a little more extensive and I imagine when pCars2 comes out this divide will only grow larger. However, AC has those exclusive cars like Ferrari, Lamborghini, Fiat and Alfa Romeo (which Jeremy Clarkson says is the ultimate Petrol head's car maker.) and most importantly I think Lotus road cars.AC tends to lean more on road cars (like Grand Turismo) but I think pCars has a better more vast selection of Race Class Vehicles.TrackspCars has more tracks for sure and has more of the race tracks we all know quite well but I don't think it has more or less variety than AC in terms of the type of tracks. AC does however have a nice drift playground.The most important thing in terms of content though is that AC is far easier to mod and so there is a literal boatload of Cars and Tracks you can download. Again this needs to be taken with a pinch of salt as the quality of the mods are not all that great where as if you get MDMT's modded vehicles for PCars; the quality is absolutely mind-blowing for a mod (but they take a while to make).FeaturesBoth have career modes done differently - AC is more like Grand Turismo the careers are a mix of challenges and races whereas pCars simulates a drivers journey through the ranks with race contracts offered based on performance in your class.I much prefer practice (QRW) on pCars as you can drive a setup and pop into the pits with your tires still warm and grab a bit more fuel and that creates more motivation for longevity during practice mode. AC has a quite disappointing pit system.ConclusionI recommend both this and pCars the choice is up to you, do you need to own both? No. Should you buy both? I say yes.Overall my impression is that AC is more accurate but far less involving and exciting. AC can feel a bit bland in regards to content and overall feel. Buy AC to hone your racing skills but buy pCars to have fun."
,Recommended,244210,25832846,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Zexe,"I was a GTR, GTR2, GTR 2 Power and Glory mod, rFactor, rFactor 2 kind of guy. After watching the alpha previews of Assetto Corsa back in the day, I was skeptical about the sim. I had my rFactor 2 pride and was proud to be on rF2. After a considerable number of months later, I picked up Assetto Corsa... I kind of got tired of the slow development of rF2 and wanted to try something different. It took many hours of fine tuning my FFB and learning the good mods from the bad mods. The cars at first seemed so much easier to master than in rF2. After many updates later, Assetto Corsa improved the physics, optimized the graphics, and continued to develop new and different class cars; all of which has enhanced my experience with the sim.Assetto Corsa is my go to racing sim. The sound can always use some improvement, but overall, the total experience is very pleasing. Furthermore, the modding community is HUGE, and there is always something new to try or fall in love with. Back in the day, the Lambo Miura was a fantastic mod, and then it became a part of the official car list.  The mods such as  the Mazda 787B continues to impress me, the Virtua Simulazoni cars, the IER cars, the Rally Legend Cars, and all the fantastic tracks make this sim almost priceless.I have uninstalled all other racing games and now focus solely on Assetto Corsa. If I am not racing, then I am most likely cruising on Lake Louise or Nordschleife in the Miura, Countach, GT40, Shelby Cobra, RUF Yellowbird, and when I want to speed around Tokyo city on the c1 Shuto Expressway I drive the JDM pack cars. There is a little bit of heaven for everyone in Assetto Corsa, just my review..."
76561198020175313,Recommended,244210,13571345,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Gasvari,"Makes gran turismo look like need for speed, real talk"
,Recommended,244210,28585488,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,BRT Cobra,When i play Assetto Corsa i swear i can smell exhaust fumes
,Recommended,244210,33232601,Posted: 4 July,all,Machina,I bought this so I could drift an ae86. 100% worth it.
,Recommended,244210,9043469,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Chris,"Although this simulator is still only in its Beta stage (0.6.2 at the time of writing), the body of work that this small Italian game developer, Kunos Simulazioni, has managed to produce is truly breath taking, especially when you consider just how small they are. I'm talking 10 people: small, and with heaps more mouth watering content on the way with bi-weekly updates in the lead up to the full release of v1.0, Assetto Corsa has the potential to become the best racing simulator ever produced.Physics:Kunos have spent countless hours on developing and refining the physics engine to produce the most realistic driving experience that money can buy. Using sensors on various places on real world cars, they can accurately replicate the technical sides of the car. They're also receiving feedback from real professional racing drivers as to how particular cars handle on certain tracks.Which leads me on to tracks. Kunos are using laser scanning technology, so every bump, camber and curb will be near enough identical to their real world counterparts. There are the odd glitch or two with sticky curbs and such, but this is to be expected with this being still a relatively early build, and will thus be ironed out.... Oh yeah, did I mention that they're releasing a laserscanned version of the Nordschliefe in September? Because they're doing that... Yeah. Anyone who knows anything about motorsport or sim racing should know how big of a deal this is, because it's never been done before by any gaming company... Ever.Graphics:The visuals are pretty decent. There are some situations where it doesn't look that great; with jagged edges and a few poorly textured surfaces, and other times where the game looks absolutely stunning. The game gives great ""bang for your buck"", in that you don't need a $100,000 super computer to play it, and still have a great looking game (**Cough**Project CARS **Cough**).  In fact even when some of the settings are set to ""low"", it still looks good.  For example, the cube map resolution takes a massive chunk of performance if you have it set to ""high"", but on ""medium"" or ""low"" it still looks brilliant and you get a huge boost in FPS.Audio:The sounds, like the graphics are also really good. I'd say they're probably second best behind Race Room: Racing Experience. As with the physics, Kunos have tried to accurately represent how each car sounds with microphones and various other pickups to get each car to sound very distinct. They've also managed to implement backfiring and overrun gurgling, which is a first that I've encountered, and it is joyous. Whether it be the whirring turbo of the KTM X-Bow, or the completely bonkers twin-turbocharged V8 in the Ferrari F40 (which quite frankly is just a scary car to drive), this is some of the best sounding cars I've ever heard in a video game. Although the BMW Z4 GT3 isn't quite right, as it's slightly too high pitched and needs a deeper gargling growl that the BMW cars tend to have.Final Take:Physics: 9/10Graphics: 7.5/10Audio: 8/10Kunos have created a beast. And when multiplayer drops, watch out iRacing, these boys are coming for you."
,Recommended,244210,32738205,Posted: 24 June,all,✪Tito Navidad,*Eurobeat intensifies*
76561198069224857,Recommended,244210,34908527,Posted: 12 September,all,organicpeach,menus and ui is poor but the actual racing is outstanding
76561198072108220,Recommended,244210,14401907,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,TheDonKilluminati,"Very realistic physics, the best simulation in the last few years. The graphics is very good but not top notch. For those looking for a real simulation.I recommend, worth every penny!"
76561198079369673,Not Recommended,244210,17966246,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,1996 RENAULT TWINGO,"I've taken 2 years to finally write a proper review of Assetto Corsa, to try to like it and write a positive review. But I've been let down, so there goes a thumbs-down review.Assetto Corsa came out almost 3 years ago as an Early Access release for a reasonable price taking into account the amount of bugs, lack of content and everything that an uncompleted game brings. The title got a quick nice response from users for its remarkably detailed physics and the absolutely superb work on cars and tracks modelling, being the tracks laser-scanned. Another positive point well welcomed by the community is the full mod compatibility, which extends the possibilities of the game in terms of content and personalisation to amazement.Kunos though are a very small developing team which has worked so hard to release new tracks and circuits, all of them officially licensed by brands, and refined the game architecture to add capabilities, fix bugs and improve and optimize graphics and performance. All this work is released slowly, drop by drop, long time between, but at least they release it.This year though they decided to get the game out of Early Access, and with a nice full-price tag of double the initial price. The game itself works smoothly, quite well optimised (don't trust the minimum GTX460 required, you can run it with a GT540 easily) and with full compatibility with any wheel or pad. Where's the problem then?As said before, the amount of content is alarmingly low. After some years the number of cars and tracks hasn't increased much and the variety isn't quite wide really. You have the full Lotus catalogue and most Ferraris, and then a few other cars like a McLaren MP4/12C and its GT3 version and some other road cars. Don't misunderstand me, having such fleet of Ferraris and some of the fasterst road cars is rather coool. But the problem is that they end up being all the same. All the Lotus cars are similar, Lotus cars are similar to some other featured cars, Ferraris are similar to the other high performance cars... After all, you have an acceptable amount of models, but you can summarise them in a few. There isn't a car that outstands among the others, or different types of cars like go-karts or more motorsport disciplines. In fact, you can differentiate 4 categories: F1 cars, Supersports cars, Sportscars and Abarth. I've driven every single car released and it's like that.Despite that, with the first non-beta release a DLC came out, which adds the Nordschleife and ten cars, which again you can summarise in 4 new real additions. And for a price of 14,99€, right after having paid 49.99€ for a game that seriously lacks content. Unreasonable.The game is limited to hotlapping. AI is just unraceable because it will just stick to the racing line. Make a move and they'll bump into you as if your car wasn't there. Rival cars will never make a mistake nor get corner-cutting penalties, which you get every time you put a single wheel outside the tarmac and that slows you down to 50kph.Practice and Hotlap sessions are fun though, they feel as if you were actually there driving on a client run. The entire circuit for yourself, just you and your car. Actually it's fun, especially using a wheel. It ends up challenging yourself to beat your lap time, but after some laps it gets boring...Although it's been announced as out of Early Access, the game itself proves it is just the same as before. Only fully playable mode is hotlapping and you can only play on dry track and not at night. The fun part of this game is pushing against the clock to beat your lap times, but if you can only race in the same weather and light conditions the challenging aspect of the game is lost as soon as you have lapped a few times every circuit.Online was released in mid Early Access and it was reasonable and justified that it didn't work at all. Later updates made it more stable and raceable, but nowhere near from easy to use. It worked with a ""booking"" system. There's a server list with the race info (players, ping, track and cars allowed). Those which are post/pre-race are open for around 5 minutes for people to join by ""booking"" an entry on the race. There's not even a matchmaking room, you just click the ""booking"" button and wait 5 minutes to play, although most times when the countdown ended the server would just crash and force you to book again. If you manage to enter a race room, it is most of the times empty.Bad part of this is that despite being claimed ""1.0 version, full release"" the multiplayer keeps just the same.Mods are more or less easy to find. There are portals and forums which have the Mods and Download sections and uploaders generally have a decent knowledge on the matter, so their work is usually nice although don't expect to find everything you're looking for because most of the mods get banned for copyright and licensing. The game though isn't very respectful with mods. After an update you may find that none of the mods you downloaded are compatible, and as they're mods they don't auto-update. Annoying stuff if you have a large collection of mods.In the technical aspect, Assetto Corsa is close to brilliant. It may not have rainy weather, or night racing, or a proper damage system, or headlights that actually work or breathtaking graphics effects, but the attention to physics has no rival. Aero effects, weight balance, force feedback... Absolutely amazing. If we take a look at updates changelogs, most of the updates have to do with these things. Handling then will be completely realistic, tricky as it should be.It is not at all playable with gamepad though, but this game is a simulator so it's rather ""dumb"" to play with anything different from a wheel, which works perfectly once set up.The base is solid and really promising, but the lack of content is a fact to consider. Not only that, the gameplay is limited and lacks basic functions. I don't want to compare this game with another one because it's not fair and every game is different on it's own, but Assetto Corsa isn't the best option for a race simulator right now. I'd say it's better to wait until more content is released, but I've done that for a long time and it's becoming hopeless. It's not fair to double the price of the game when it has almost the same things that you had when it was Early Access. Not to mention the DLC...*PATCH EDIT*2 more DLC...4.5/10"
,Recommended,244210,22736976,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Habofro,"Assetto Corsa is probably one of the best, if not THE best circuit racing simulator out there right now. If you have a good wheel and want to feel like you're actually racing exotic racecars on a track, this game is the best one out there.Pro:-Great Graphics-Good Variety of cars-Mod support-Great community-Playing Online-PhysicsCons:-Bad AI-Buggy (Couldn't play single player for a good month because of a bug)-Not enough content for the price-Could be better optimized"
76561197972662194,Recommended,244210,13840194,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,ridiculouslyblue,I hear the transmission whine of the GT3 cars in my sleep...5 stars
76561197963353389,Recommended,244210,32864764,Posted: 27 June,all,hugenottenpoppen,best race simulator ever
,Recommended,244210,30845583,Posted: 30 March,all,Veltyn,I spent $35 to drive a virtual AE86.It was well worth it.You should do it too.
,Recommended,244210,12752569,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,geekl33tgamer,"This game saved me a fortune - for just £29.99, I now know I can't drive that Lotus Evora S I've always wanted. While I limit myself to a Mondeo, anyone else who wants a racing sim will be impressed with the current build state.You can also import your own tracks and cars, and tweak literally everything. It looks and drives great, but needs a Golliath of a PC to run this at the highest physics and graphics detail - as you would expect for a game built to use all that extra PC power available to it over a console."
,Recommended,244210,27719859,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,RainBow-HD,Bought the game for realistic drifting...Enjoyed it so far
,Recommended,244210,31681916,Posted: 11 May,all,Ext™,"Contents- Review- Couple of bug fixes- Twitchy steering fixReview-  There are tons of racing simulators out there. But this one in particular is special and that too in a good way. The thing which most of the racing simulators get wrong is the feel. The feel of driving any particular vehicle in question. In most of the games, when you transition from a luxury sedan to some haughty italian hypercar, I don't know what it is but it just doesn't feel right. The only difference that you get to notice during the transition is that of the speed and the handling. I've played my share of gran turismo, a little bit of forza and even project cars and to be honest, all the 3 titles are plagued with that issue.-  In Assetto Corsa, you can actually feel the emotions of a car. You can feel the weight shifting from front to the rear end, you can feel the rubber screeching against the tarmac. Everything feels nearly perfect. When you drive a luxury SUV/Sedan after driving a Huarya, you can actually feel the comfort of the car, it is that good. To be honest, I have yet to join some online lobby because since the time I bought the game, I've been busy hotlapping Nordschleife :P-  Except of a few bugs which I have mentioned at the base of this review, the game isn't that filled with content. To get the most out of it, you are required to buy the DLCs for it. You can mod it and the modding community is definitely hard working and reminds of the modding community of RACE 07 and GTR games, dedicated. There are tons of sound mods, drift mods etc which will definitely hook you in right away!-  The drifting in this game is asolutely a blessing! If you are looking to buy a title just to drift around, I highly recommend getting this one! The game does everything right when it comes to the drifting! The AI is a bit bland I'd say. It is extremely hard to beat as it almost perfect in every way.-  The developers are still active and are working towards the betterment of the title. They listen to the community unlike most AAA developers these days. They promised alot of free updates and stuff for the 2017 and definitely they are delivering upon that promise! The way I see, this game is absolutely worth it!If you are planning to buy this game, definitely buy the dream packs as well! I recommend you to grab the porsche season pass too because porsches in this game are a perfect mix of speed and comfort! Also, make sure that you own a steering wheel. The game works flawlessly with the X360/ONE gamepad but there is a lot of tweaking involved to make it work decently.Bug FixesHowever, every game comes with a flaw I reckon and so did Assetto Corsa. There are a few bugs here and there but they are extremely rare.-  There's this bug in Monza where you get stuck to the barricade which for no reason hypes up the CPU Usage to the max (100%) on my i7 6700. To counter this bug, you are needed to turn your power settings to the ""balanced"" mode.-  There is a bug where you'd be returned back to the main menu after starting up an event. To fix this, you'd have to reinstall the Visual C++ Redistributable from microsoft's website. I recommend you to restart your system after installing the damn thing. If this fix fails to work for you, try to change the ingame resolution and ticking the ""Force 32 bit"" option in the settings.Fix for Twitchy wheel-  If you own a wheel and having that issue, I recommend setting the following values in the game.GAMMA - 2.06FILTER - 0.25SPEED SENSITIVITY - 0.15BRAKE GAMMA - 2.57WHEEL ROTATION ANGLE - 900 DegreesI've read that alot of new users were encountering this issue in particular, so here's a small fix for them. Hopefully it'll work just fine!"
,Recommended,244210,32798823,Posted: 25 June,all,connorf25,"Has some of the most satisfying car handling you will experience. May not be what you are looking for if you want a car game with an in depth career and progression, however, the satisfaction of mastering tracks and cars makes the game well worth it in my opinion."
,Recommended,244210,8322084,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,.Emptyjar,"You wont' find better physics on a sim, and this game has the potential to be the top dog of the racing sim world. Just hot lapping is loads of fun.You won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,244210,14288473,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Trimaz,"Kunos Simulazioni came under a lot of criticism from most sim racers for their previous title NetKar Pro, but they have learned from that experience as Assetto Corsa is an outstanding racing simulation. The early release of Assetto Corsa has satiated the long awaited sim racing community, as the beta and bi-weekly updates kept everyone satisfied.Sim racing fans will argue about who has the best tyre modelling, most accurate tracks, physics and visuals, but Assetto Corsa has managed to take all that and package it up in one great racing sim, with a top-notch physics and sublime tyre modelling, spending time with each car you will appreciate the nuances of the physics each vehicle has to offer.The visuals speak for themselves, crisp, clean and easy on the eye. The tracks are accurately modelled and replicated from laser scan data. The force feedback, even after logging on a solid amount of hours, is appreciable with subtle feeling still surprising me.On top of the regular developer created content, Assetto Corsa already has lively modding scene, making third party tracks and cars, so the future is really bright for this sim and I don't doubt most will still be playing this in years to come.With a great core, Kunos Simulazioni has proven that they have built Assetto Corsa into a successful racing simulator."
76561198070927367,Recommended,244210,25629283,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,LetsTestDrive,"At first glance Assetto Corsa's approach to the racing genre may not appear unique or even new, but once you delve in, racing wheel in hand, it's evident that the developers have focused on translating the sense of driving to a level that may just redefine the racing genre. But will Assettos Corsa’s approach place it among the greatest racing titles ever, or will it be a forgotten name in years to come?https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jP2PZiH0XnQ"
76561198053142925,Recommended,244210,24342521,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,K.A.R.R.,"All things come to him who waits. I have this game since it's early access version, 0.4 or so, and always liked AC's physics, because of it's balance. Anybody can drive a car, even the most powerful one, but going on the edge, barely under control, that's something few can master. This is where Assetto Corsa shines. If I had to point out one thing, why you should definitely try it - that would be the pure driving experience. Take a car of your preference, cruise it, push it, race it. You will have fun either way. Furthermore, each update and DLC proves, that Kunos Simulazioni is a very consistent group of people, who are passionate about cars and aim to make Assetto Corsa the best car game in the world. It may sound crazy, yet the sanity of the plan is of no consequence, because they really can do it."
,Recommended,244210,23050821,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,-(VDC)-Hedgy,"Assetto Corsa is the best racing title I've played to date. It compelled me to buy a racing wheel and rig, and has opened the doors to Sim Racing for me. I'm not very good  yet, but the depth, variety, and rewards have me coming back at least once a week for a taste."
76561198000415351,Recommended,244210,13722473,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,RB26DETT,"I don't know where to start with this game... ehm... you can have a battle of a RUF CTR Yellowbird vs a Ferrari F40 on a Nurburgring? Run a Ferrari LaFerrari on Mugello? Nikki Lauda's Ferrari 312, Sennas' Lotus 98T? Doesn't impress you still? Ferrari 458 italia on Imola trying to beat Stig's time (yes, theres an achievement for it). How about ""THE PHYSICS ARE GREAT"" then? Forget your arcades like Gran Turismo, Forza, NFS Shifts and GTR evolutions, this is a simulation, and it's a great one at that. If you own a wheel and a PC it's either this or Project Cars... why not both?"
76561198086526186,Recommended,244210,8300794,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,4WNikos,Excellent game!! it is more like a life expirience than a game!
76561198063985627,Recommended,244210,13560365,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,†‡† GL▲SS,Truly the Dark Souls of racing sims. 9/10
76561198174015022,Recommended,244210,27587754,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,elocoman,"Have a racing wheel? like racing games? like a challenge? If you answered yes to any of these questions... GET THIS GAME.Assetto Corsa has everything from drag racing to drifting, something for everyone! This game is VERY moddable and modder friendly... keeps the game fresh and has me coming back to play again and again! 10/10"
76561198037210224,Recommended,244210,22468858,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,stephendriscoll,"* Written a week after the 1.5 update.Assetto Corsa is, to me, the shell of a perfect racing game, and with more time and money I can see it being a truly incredible product.The physics, handling, track quality and as such, general racing immersion of AC is a level above other racing titles like Forza, Gran Turismo, or Project Cars. RFactor may offer better physics, I haven't tried it.AC may be behind some of the above on graphics and AI, and is definitely behind Forza and GT on car and track selection, and the depth of the career mode.So you have to figure out what you want in a game, due you want fidelity to real life, with accurate simulation of each car, precise aerodynamic and drivetrain calculations and laser scanned tracks, or do you want to be able to drift around corners without sacrificing lap times? Do you want a false sensation of speed, or an accurate introduction to cornering and car weight distribution? Do you want top level AI and reward intensive career progression, or are you happy endlessly lapping empty tracks, looking for slight improvements in your cornering technique.I much prefer the later, but I don't mean to disparage those who enjoy the former. I've spent my last 30hrs in game lapping one track (Zandvoort in the Netherlands), with one car (the McLaren 650S GT3) and the experience has been hugely enjoyable as I try to approach race car driver speeds (which I'm sure I'm far off, currently only the 5th fastest on RSR for that combination). The feel of laser scanned track through the force feedback is incredible, the handling dynamics superb and the complexity and precision of high-speed racing is endlessly fascinating to me.If you want to genuinely feel the sensation of racing a well modelled 458, or a McLaren P1, or a GT3 or F1 car through Spa, or the Nurnburgring, this is a near perfect way to do it (short of somehow renting one!)If you're a fan of driving, buy AC and invest in developing technique. If you're a fan of arcade style multiplayer, or the quick fun of frantic drifting buy something else.Highly recommended, from someone looking forward to the new car releases in May and June. If they can add some American and Japanese tracks, expand the list of road cars, continue to tinker with the AI, and maybe, eventually, develop a solid career mode, then this will be a perfect racing game."
76561198058300124,Recommended,244210,7759799,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Maverick,"At first glance it's just another racing sim. At the first drive I was cursing I had just done my money on another poorly built sim.I jumped on the Steam forums to voice my displeasure and discovered the ""problem"" was entirely mine. I needed to set it up properly. So I researched, dug around and found all I needed.Some tweaking and testing, fiffling and faffing.....And WOW!!! My first lap in a BMW M3 GT2 at Monza had me in awe. My second lap had me raptures. By my 3rd lap I asked for Assetto Corsa to marry me.I'm fussy. I'm picky. I hate lazy coders and slackware and this, THIS, at alpha (really??) has the potential for AAA from a small team. Plenty to do and lots of cars and tracks already. No issues, fast GFX, absolutely ♥♥♥♥ing amazing physics and awesome sound (inside cockpit GT2 - eargasms!!!!)Goes amazing with FFB on a G27 - as yet I'm voicing opinion as I am waiting for my G27 to arrive. Yep. It made me spend more money - within minutes of playing it.And there's a reason for that.It's a must if you like fast. MUST. No if's, no buts.MUST. Get it. You. Yes......"
,Recommended,244210,30982261,Posted: 6 April,all,kebab,"Assetto Corsa under $60 for everything (Not on sale)iRacing over $1000 for everything plus a monthly subscription of $7-$12....Amazing tracks (Lazer scanned)Amazing cars (Scanned and modeled)Amazing FFB (You can really push the limits of the car and yourself)Free cars and tracks now??? ok!Loads of mods avaliable created by the communityNot so good multiplayer (To have a descent online race you must join a league or use SRS)AI Were awful but have improved a bitSF-15T's ERS too basic.Not much else I can say about the negatives other than this sim really needs some kind of multiplayer scoring system with dedicated servers and races, maybe this isn't the sim for it but it certainly would flourish if it had that kind of capability. Just look at iRacing, mediocre FFB, mediocre graphics, insanely expensive and they're doing well because they are soley based on a multiplayer system.In conclusionOne of the best racing simulators out to date right now it just lacks multiplayer capabilitiesEdit: This is not a arcade or even a simcade like PCars. A wheel is a must, playing with a controller or keyboard just doesn't cut it. Please don't buy it then leave a negative review saying it was too difficult, its a sim.Edit 2: Assetto Corsa has given us more cars in the past 2 years than iRacing has done in the past 9 years. AC has about 90+ish and iRacing has about 40+ish, also Kunos has given it to us for a mere fraction of the price... 6 Cars for about $7 on AC, on iRacing its $10 for 1 car.... Oh and you get tracks bundled in with the Cars packs on AC, its $15 per track on iRacing. Top kek..."
76561197982129487,Recommended,244210,30627568,Posted: 19 March,all,Jon Ford - Multi21,"Played over 1,700 hours and still not bored.Assetto is all about the thrill of driving. The force feedback together with the sublime physics engine make driving a pleasure. Every car feels unique and has a charm and character of its own.In terms of features there are elements that other titles in the genre have that Assetto does not. What you quickly realise is that when the driving feels this good that everything else is just a bonus."
76561198025200189,Recommended,244210,12506050,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Donguini333333.gov/org,"As someone who has spent a decent amount of time on a real race track, I'd say this game is fairly realistic and L337. Great car physics - significantly better than Forza or Gran Turismo. Needs a wheel to be properly enjoyed.9.9/10.Why 9.9? Needs the Porsche license (which I believe is currently being wasted on Need for Speed, or some other garbage-y garbage)."
,Recommended,244210,8721558,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Lowkey,"Where do I start? I looked into this game after a few Google searches on what games I should play once I get hold of my Logitech G25 again and after a few YouTube videos, I decided to go ahead and buy it even though I didn't have my G25 wheel back from my buddy yet. I took a ""risk"" and ended up buying the game for its full price and played a few laps with a Xbox 360 controller. It didn't seem anything special, the tire/handling physics definitely did stand out but I didn't want to judge this game from my experience with a 360 controller so I waited.Finally I got hold of my G25 and set it all up in order to try this game, and WOW, I have tried many driving simulators on PC, PS3, Xbox360 and all with Force Feedback wheels but I have not come across a game as Realistic as Assetto Corsa. After a few practice laps, I made sure my rotation was set to 900 degrees with 100% Force Feedback strength and fully manual setup with no traction control, just 100% Stability (as I was testing the Zonda R).I still cannot get over how good it feels, everything is so realistic, the graphics are way above average when compared with other driving simulators and I'm sure it will only get better as this game is still in Early Access 0.4. I have not yet played a driving simulator that can provide me with the most ACCURATE yet CHALLENGING Force Feedback, which is very rewarding when done right. Force Feedback has never been better on a game in my opinion.From the Early Access 0.4 version, this game is definitely one of the best investments I have made in Driving Simulators. I feel like even with early access, it was worth every penny of my money (which I haven't recently felt even with other games, not just driving simulators) and it will only get better once AI is released, once Career mode is released, and once Multiplayer is released. The Assetto Corsa Development team is heading in the right direction with this game so my expectations are very high and I'm sure myself, and other consumers will not be disappointed.I'm personally most excited for Multiplayer and I can see myself spending countless hours in Drag, Drift and Track modes competing with other enthusiasts.Should you buy this game? YES! But make sure you have a good Force Feedback wheel to go with it, preferably with full pedals, a H shifter etc.Last but not least, I have also recently invested in 3D gaming, and this game was easily the best looking 3D game I have played on my 40"" Samsung (with Nvidia 3DTV Play Software), once all the depth and convergence settings were done right for each camera view, but that's pretty much something you have to do for all 3D games so I wouldn't even consider it a con.Go and buy this game!"
,Recommended,244210,34054781,Posted: 6 August,all,Legit458,Runs great on a potato 11/10
,Recommended,244210,12534796,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Cpt. Funtime,"This game has an amazing atmosphere about it to begin with. I find it hard to play it in less than 4-5 hour stints. I just can't help myself. Odds are, you're checking out this game because you like cars. LOOK NO FURTHER! With everything from the physics engine, to the graphics that look frighteningly realistic, this Racing Sim has it all. Beautiful layouts of tracks, cars, intuitive UI for modding the cars' geometry with various suspension setups; that help to not only enhance your Sim experience but to teach about the way cars work in general. I have only played for <100 hours but thats because I thought I could make Raceroom Racing Experience a little bit more like this game.ITS NOT POSSIBLE! I'VE TRIED! The attention to detail really enhances one's experience. I haven't had a single dull second in this sim. In summation, you should stop reading this and buy the game already!"
,Recommended,244210,13445814,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,[TGM] ZioYuri78,Worth all the money!
76561198072476328,Recommended,244210,31270364,Posted: 21 April,all,Stedy,"Best racing sim in a long time. Get that Ferrari 458 GT2 dialled in around Spa and you'll be grinning from ear to ear. Get a decent racing wheel and you can feel every little slip of the tyres, bump and knock. Now it's not without it's faults, for example there is no Rain or wet tracks, nor are there night events and the graphics aren't as pollished as some other SIM's but once you get used to the AWESOME physics and feel of the cars it's hard going back to any other racing SIM."
,Recommended,244210,14376766,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Hubertus,"Awesome, very realistic racing game.All the features, settings, wheel supports, oculus rift supports, multiple displays you would want and need. All around awesome!"
76561198034499005,Recommended,244210,13642451,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Skrotkalle,Step 1: Download Nordschleife track modStep 2: Download Reliant Robin car modStep 3: Have fun!20/10 Would roll again.
,Recommended,244210,12637779,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,karnac,"Time to step it up Polyphony, this is measurably better than GT6. Better feel, better graphics, better realism, better options... the list goes on. And with a community of moders and the ability to add cars over time, I'm sure this game's garage will develop into something truly comparible. I understand this is PC vs Console but who cares. Graphics aren't as important as the feel of being connected with the car and the speed you're actually going. AC translates the feeling of speed in a way I've never felt with GT6. If you have a wheel and love racing games, get this game, period."
76561198012445109,Recommended,244210,30421103,Posted: 9 March,all,Knockoff,Steering wheel + this game = play until your eyes are sore and you have a headache.
,Recommended,244210,32354522,Posted: 11 June,all,DhruRules,"This game is legit so hard with mouse/keyboard, most people are gonna quit like I did. For those who have a controller or steering wheel it probably a very nice game."
,Recommended,244210,26751869,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,barbara_walters,the best nurburgring simulator ever made
76561198121614989,Recommended,244210,33483172,Posted: 12 July,all,Osiris^,"Assetto Corsa has the best physics of any racing simulation game past or present. Logically, therefore, Assetto Corsa is the best racing simluation ever.Plenty have more cars, or more tracks, or better network code or a better GUI, but for pure driving simulation Assetto Corsa is the yardstick by which all others should be judged.I absolutely love this game and will continue to play and support it."
,Recommended,244210,31945908,Posted: 24 May,all,spgamer21,One Of The Best Car Racing Simulator  -  9/10TL;DR:Realistic driving experience. Get the game for lapping. AI isn't the best and multiplayer is almost empty. Buy the game and play it for 2 hours and refund it if you don't like it.Below are the reasons to backup my claim.Driving:10/10This is the only game where I felt like I am driving a real car. The force feedback was great. Grass felt like grass and asphalt felt like asphalt. The physics were accurate.Multiplayer:Depends/10At first I though multiplayer is empty but it is not. It isalmostempty unless you have joined a league that have the same time as the place where you live which is a huge disadvantage to me as I live in Hong Kong and the time difference is really huge compare to the majority of leagues out there. You need lots of mods and DLC too. I have DLC and mods but not time. :(FinallyYou can always buy the game and play it for no more than 2 hours then refund it if you don't like it. Give this simulator a try. I bet you will like it if you are into realisitc racing simulator. I hope my review helped. Thank you for your time. :)PS: Sorry for my bad English. I'm not English.
,Recommended,244210,14747716,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,kobe,"Such an awesome sim. Super realistic...I feel like a true racecar driver each time I'm behind the wheel. If you are thinking of purchasing it, DO IT! You will not regret it. Also, make sure that you have a wheel/pedal set, the experience will be so much better.I cannot wait for the DLC!"
,Recommended,244210,28548390,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Articles,"I've had this game for over a year now and I can say it's by far the most fun and realistic simulator I've ever played. The modding community makes great mods if you get bored of the tracks and cars that the game comes with. My only complaint would be that the speed looks nothing like what you're actually going and that the motion blur just looks like you're losing frames, but other than that, there's no other problems."
76561197987018356,Recommended,244210,14742685,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,P0rtti,"Best racing simulator ever. There are few games that genuinely put a smile on your face, but Assetto Corsa is definitely one of them. Pulling out a huge successful slide or racing with sweaty palms for victory, this game delivers that all with tremendous success.The driving physics are as real as they can be, and that for me is top priority in a racing sim. Pulling slides in a 458 makes you feel the same kind of excitement that I would presume Chris Harris feels when he reviews cars (even though he is from another planet when it comes to driving). After over a year of playing it's just getting better and better with more content to come. Awesome mod community with a lot of potential to add even more content makes this a must have racing sim.If you like cars and driving, you'll love Assetto Corsa. Benchmark for all racing games, for years to come. And referring to Mr. Chris Harris: ""This is MEGA!"""
76561198096569401,Not Recommended,244210,30203860,Posted: 26 February,all,NaZ' csgobig.com,"I enjoy this game so much, but if devs keep doing the same stuff theyr doing right now, i'm out.http://visedeg.no/images/lvzbakshd72xtry0oqcf.jpg"
,Recommended,244210,28289626,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Shadowoff,"My absoutly favorite game. But I dont wanna get more DLC´s, please work more on different conditions like rain and night. Also I´d really like to be able to drive timed races"
76561197991089355,Recommended,244210,13556821,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Logan,"This game is addictingly accurate. Even playing with a controller rather than a wheel you get so much feedback that driving the cars feels to natural. That's not to say easy -- some of these cars and the challenges the game gives you to complete with them will kick your♥♥♥♥♥ But the physics make sense. You can improve your setup and driving because you'll know exactly what you did wrong and you'll feel how the setup changes impact your lap.+Great tracks and cars already with more coming and a great modding community.Never been into racing sims, but I can't stop playing this. Long story short -- get this game."
,Recommended,244210,24451782,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,NicksSkillz,"This is not an attempt at a realistic sim. This is as close to real life as you get. To me, that's the most important thing.+++A true simulator++Tracks are dead on accurate++Cars are dead on accutate++Moddable, with many communities+Lots of customizable in game ""apps"" that give you details about the car and track+Stable software. Never ever crashes for me+DLC is very reasonably priced, pick and choose. But buy Dream Pack One...Nurburgring.+Vitrtual Reality compatible+Devs engaged with the community. Update regularly and intelligently/Single player career and challenges are decent, though not exciting/Multiplayer is very fun. Some features needed to reduce griefers, and penalize drivers driving unfairly./Amount of cars and tracks isnt huge, but are detailed. Mods can add more content that you want./Can play with a wheel, controller, or mouse and keyboard. Wheel is recommended./Car setups/tuning. You must tune at least a bit to be competitive./Most Multiplayer servers are hosted in Europe.-No major weather effects.-No Tutorials. Learning curve for the software features, even as an experienced driver aren't explained anywhere.-Voting system rarely works. People are often too busy driving.-Servers are complcated to setup, no dedicated servers.As a game, 8/10.As a racing sim, 9.5/10.Assetto Corsa. Your racing simulator."
,Recommended,244210,25804334,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Zaid,"If you are looking for a racing game like Gran Turismo or Forza, this might not be what you're looking for. If you're looking for automobile simulation software to use with a wheel (and possible a VR headset or triple monitors), this is one of the best options."
,Recommended,244210,30743609,Posted: 25 March,all,Heathen,"This game runs really now on the Vive, courtesy of the latest patch. I have a 1080, so I switched off post processing, ramped up the AA, the detail settings and the super sampling, and it runs very smoothly. The cockpit scale is perhaps a little off, but the overall experience is excellent.Thanks heaps to the Dev's for supporting Open VR and not just hoping Vive owners would rely on reVive."
,Recommended,244210,32895752,Posted: 27 June,all,DerAmpelmann,"10/10, may cause an addiction"
76561198101817786,Recommended,244210,22792756,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,CezaR ッ,One of the best racing simulators i've ever seen ! Kunos you did an amazing job with this game.
76561198007883003,Recommended,244210,22816905,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Tjopper,"Pros:Very realistic.Very beautiful.Active devs.Great mods.Many tracks and cars to choose from. Each will take you days to master.Cons:Wheel not required, but you can't really enjoy this one on a keyboard. I tried.No global leaderboards? What century is this? (Mod available though)The #1 racing sim in the world. No question."
,Recommended,244210,34617716,Posted: 30 August,all,Guino,"Great sim, great physics, awesome FFB. And now we have Sim Racing System for online races like iRacing. Just what we always needed."
,Recommended,244210,31921678,Posted: 23 May,all,TomasytosLTU,"Best drifting game ever, or to drive for fun on a track with people.You don't have a wheel and pedals? not a problem drive with a keyboard and mouse. but better get pedals and wheel for best drifting performance.I will recommend to anybody who enjoys drifting.Like Right now when i'm edditing this review Assetto Corsa is like 11,99 euros now i recommend it even more and pick up some DLC'S Because this game worth every penny than this overpriced 2007 engine Iracing game."
,Recommended,244210,29376789,Posted: 20 January,all,Justabit_Ginger,"Assetto Corsa.... One hell of a Racing game! And A Superb Sim! 95/100!Assetto Corsa, A racing game for true enthusiasts and Mild drivers alike.Lets start off with the physics..You have several types of Car game physics ""Arcade/Sim and Simcade""assetto falls in the category of Sim. It may not have Clutch bite like Rfactor, Or the intense Simulation feel iRacing does, But you get a very close feel of both without costing you a fortune or looking dated. With most sim racers, They either have bad UI, Dated graphics, unsupported games and Awkward to set up Servers..but with AC. None of that, and all the great driving physics you can want!Pros:-It has mods and full mod support.-Still getting updates (Not too old of a game)-Graphics are Nice (Maybe not as visually stunning as PCARS but it has a lot of nice details, And unless you are worried about background details such as trees and houses. it's okay) Some ingame screenshots can look real if done correctly.-Wide Variation of cars (American/Japanese/European)-A Career mode (Some might not be bothered by this, others like a goal in their racing game, always a plus)-Easy to setup and use Server base( Could be better but it isn't hard, especially for a Sim based game)-Wheel support- Multimonitor support-In game apps that allow lots of live data to be shown (tyre temps, fuel, g force, FOV adjuster)-Lazer Scanned tracksThe game as a whole is really fun, With both wheel and gamepad, I wouldn't recommend to any keyboard warriors however. The game isn't too demanding but modern ish tech is needed for a decent framerate.(obvs)Now on to the cons:-No clutch bite ( when bringing up the clutch in 1st it should crawl slowly like a real car, however it doesn't do that)-No day/night cycle (no night time)-No RainThe game is superb, if you are after a Good racing game (sim based) Then this is a nice medium, That won't cost you a fortune, has plenty of cars and tracks (lots of mods too, easy to install) And a friendly-ish Comumnity , AC is a good buy!Plenty of drifting,touge,Hillclimb,GT3,BTCC and more!AC>PCARSTl;DR I great Racer for Avid or new sim Racing fans looking for a modern nice looking Racing game. Works nicely on Gamepads and wheels, Needs day/nigh and rain modes. 95/100.I Recommend Assetto Corsa and give it a 95/100.Happy Racing!"
,Recommended,244210,19069875,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Smoket,Drove my nissan into a wall and didn't have to pay for it.
,Recommended,244210,35072083,Posted: 19 September,all,Flashpan,"I hated this game when I first bought it. I really couldn't see what the fuss was about. The real issue is that I had no wheel. Just a joystick. If you you have is a joystick, I'd stay away as it is way too sensitve to drive with even after a lot of profile tweaking.However, get a decent steering wheel, then this game REALLY shines! It's outstanding. The physics, the feeling of grip and the bumps through the road are sublime. I thought I had reached the pinnacle of racing nirvana, until I got a HTC Vive Headset.OMG!!!!!This game is just out of this world in VR. It helps that the AI is pretty savvy and doesn't treat you like a bumper car. This leads to some very exciting and tight races. Can't recomend this enough.... If you have a steering wheel. If you also have a VR headset, it becomes a no brainer! What are you waiting for?I did a quick YouTube post of this game in VR which can be viewed here:https://youtu.be/6amI49Rcva4"
76561197983033453,Not Recommended,244210,13062515,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Nathan Explosion,Solid game but in dire need of more content and better fleshed out multiplayer. Still gets a thumbs up.EDITAfter a long time I feel the need to edit this review. The price it is going for right now which is about €45 is NOT WORTH IT.No nighttimeNurburgring is in a DLC packBarely any car brands to choose from.
,Recommended,244210,12393402,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,paskowitz,"Assetto Corsa is by far one of the most enjoyable racing (simulations) out there. There is already a huge mod community developing content. This game gets the basics dead on: menus, load times, UI, hardware optimization, open platform, etc. It also gets the complex stuff right as well: Game physics, graphics, sound, etc. Physics are the real standout. If you have a racing wheel, you are in for a special experience.Is it perfect? No. Sounds could be better. Graphcis are not going to blow you away. And some nice features like day night cycles and weather are not planned. (keep in mind this is a small team building this game)If you want a fun racing sim with a great mod community that does everything well, then AC is your best bet."
,Recommended,244210,30247985,Posted: 28 February,all,Spritzer18,"It's a great way to get a realistic drive experience, you just need a combination of a good FFB Wheel and good settings (matter of taste). The Tracks are laser scanned and there are a lot of available cars (dlc + mods).In my Opinion:Pro:+drive experience+laser scanned tracks+car and track mods+many updates+car sounds+many dlc's~graphics (you can use mods)con:-menu (looks boring to me)I never had an issue till now, so i can't say how the support is."
76561198122407723,Recommended,244210,32819466,Posted: 26 June,all,Twister80,"Ive owned this game about 4 days and ive put in 34 hours. Now getting the hang of drifting with a wheel and its pretty damn satisfying! Zero complaints, buy this game!"
,Not Recommended,244210,29199938,Posted: 12 January,all,Arwin Taruna,"This is a decent sims that i feel fine with it. Even i enjoyed it though my play time is not that much. I was gonna give a positive review, especially for the effort bringing stunning porsches line-up here.But i have acknowledged by stefano's behaviour towards fredrik sorlie.. i decided to give this title a negative review. Because it is a massive insult and unforgiving bigotic behaviour. Hope stefano will learn how to be civilized.Evidence:http://visedeg.no/images/lvzbakshd72xtry0oqcf.jpg"
,Recommended,244210,28017011,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Ocaña,"Behind the wheel, this is as close as it gets in terms of feel for the car and track. Highly recommended.Not for the faint hearted, and not for the ""console simcade car collector"", because the game is a bit raw at times.But as far as simulation goes... This is the one to get."
,Recommended,244210,7837143,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Ale & Yorsh,"This is it, Assetto Corsa is simply put the best racing sim I've ever played. Right out of the box it has the best, most naturally feeling and pleasing physics out there.Do you want to drive slowly? For the first time ever, you can. Do you want to drive over the limit? That works too.It's also the first sim to officially support drifting without adding weird, mode specific physics, and the fact that I had to watch several real life instructional videos to get the hang of it speaks volumes of how good this is.The most important thing though, it just feels good. The force feedback on this thing is simply way ahead of the competition, cars feel real, you can feel every bump and elevation change on the road, you can feel weight shifting (not only lateral but also longitudinal forces too, somehow), it's just bananas.Let's also add the fact that it looks gorgeous and has fantastic performance, plus official mod support (not yet imlemented, but there's plenty of awesome mods already in the works), and great developer support and you got yourself a great sim that's bound to last.The fact alone that I've played this for over 15 hours already and it doesnt even have AI or multiplayer support yet (it's an early access after all) speaks for itself.It's good, if you got a wheel, then get this thing, it's kickass."
76561198134551029,Recommended,244210,28767234,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,darioserker,"This game is my first proper racing simulator, my only previous track racer was shift 2 unleashed,and lets be honest,it wasnt that realistic. I consider myself a somewhat casual gamer, especially when it comes to racing games, burnout paradaise, the crew, and iven GTA , i feel at home when playing those.And yet i felt tempted to buy Assetto Corsa, due to the cars like Ferrari, Lamborghini, Porsche,all in the same game, and my favorite, Mclaren. But mainly because its a simulation, despite the fact im using a controller, and despite i never driven a car in my life, i still wanted to get that actual feel of the car, the thrill, how it moves, how it behaves.I took Mclaren P1 to Brands Hatch, and decided to use 3rd person camera, to hear how the car sounds, and my god it sounds good.From the Top Gear series and some YouTube videos memory, i coud tell it sounds like the real deal.I can feel every bump, apex, and paved over parts of the track, when i lost it, i coud get it back, when i drove off the track, going too quickly into the corner, or going too wide, i coud tell it wasnt due to the game, but me.When i did several laps at Brands Hatch, i was geting faster, taking the corners better, started using the DRS because i ddint iven knew you can use it in the game, and having a blast driving around, and i was doing all that, in 3rd person camera, just to hear the engine of the Mclaren, its amazing, and also the tracks are laser scanned.The game can look beautiful, well from looking at the screenshoots, i have an AMD FX-6350, 8GB of ram and GTX 750 1GB OC,the non TI version, and i can run the game at smooth 60 fps and 1080p, without looking like it came from early 2000s.I did not have enough experience with the AI, as i did only 2 races 2 laps each, with a single opponent, and i used lowest AI difficulty setting 80%.I coud stay in first place, throughout the whole race, the opponent iven overtook me once. The AI was 2 seconds behind when i finnished.When it comes to car selection itself, its very good, its quality over quantity, i dont know how many cars are there exacly, especially with the dlc, i got all Dream packs, japanse pack, trpl3 pack, and Porsche pack 1. But there seem to be plenty enough, there is something here for everyone, from open wheel, to retro rides, coupes, everyday cars, supercars, and GT.You can read on all the cars, about their specs and history, you can also view them in showroom, opening doors, looking inside etc. You can change the colour of the cars, but not sure about the vinyls yet.When it comes to settings, on track and in options, theres plenty, all kinds of  HUD telemetries, and you can iven move them around and set them to your liking, you can set your fov, your siting position in the car, and i belive iven traction control and other '' controls'' on the fly aswell, you can ofcource setup the car itself in the pits.There are penalites and all that jazz, you can turn that off, among other things, in the options menu. There are plenty of assissts in the game to help, and iven presets, from gamer, to proffesional. The controller support in the racing itself is really good, plenty of options to set, but strangely, it doesnt work in the menus, you need to use the mouse.In other options, you can change volume of tire screeching, engine, tarmac, etc. You can also set the virtual wheel rotation as in the ammount of movement the guy behind the wheel in game have to do, and plenty of graphical options aswell, the game is rather well optimized.When it comes to content, there is career mode, practice mode, hot laps, drift, drag, quick race, championship, and challenges, You can iven create your own Championship aswell, and there are options in eariler modes, from time of day, allthough there is no night, or rain in the game....yet, temperature , the surface of the track, the ammount of oppnents,22 is max i belive, laps, and other things.Despite im a complete nub and a somewhat casual player, and this being my first proper racing sim, im having a blast, plenty of cars, somewhat good tracks, tho there coud be more, and im sure there will be in the future, as they are laser scanned, plenty of modes, rather scrub friendly, and well optimized.If you have been wondering to pick this up as your first sim racer, but worried if its ''too hardcore'' or too difficult, dont worry, if i can win with a controller in 3rd person camera against an opponent, anyone can.And most importnantly, the game is being improved all the time aswell."
,Recommended,244210,13851750,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,TokkoTai,"This game is best enjoyed if you like to hotlap alone or to play in private servers. The AI is bad (at this moment), the official content is a bit poor (there will be DLCs), career mode is simple (premade themed individual races, no story, no unlocks, no car improvements), and playing online against random people in open servers sucks bad (trolls everywhere, you know), but if you enjoy the pleasure of driving in a very realistic way, even alone, this is one of the best car simulators of the last years. The mod support makes the game even better with tons of community content, as cars, tracks or in-game apps.Steering Wheel very recommended."
,Recommended,244210,15416213,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Josabooba,"Fantastic Racing Simulator, with a very active modding community and some very good external apps - RSR Live Timing for example is a must.Game can still be quite temperamental with unexplained fatal crashing  and the online multi-player is still missing many elements, such as unsatisfying results screen.However the positives far outweigh the negatives and this is a must buy for any race fan and a game I expect to still be enjoying far beyond the 1000 hour mark.Edit:As a little addition - I think it is only fair to say that the game has become considerably more stable and much less likely to crash out in recent updates.Much effort has also been made in streamlining the online multiplayer experience, which ran like a bit of a dog in the earlier releases, but which now holds a good average and perfectly adequate frame rate with 20+ online players participating."
76561197967201791,Recommended,244210,32668806,Posted: 23 June,all,Berno,"Great driving sim with loads of DLC and modded content.I just wish gamepad control was better, but I wish even harder my back was better so I could use my wheel with this sim!If you are super smooth you may do ok with gamepad but its very easy to overheat the tyres and once you do you're in big trouble!"
76561198070151690,Recommended,244210,29924179,Posted: 14 February,all,SaStyaa,"HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!!!!!!!This is the best physics engine in any racing game hands down. Might not be the absolute best for just racing or serious trackwork for dedicated sim raccers (although it it still amazing for racing), assetto corsa comes into its own for drifitng and being able to hold a slide just if you want to learn how to control a car on the edge of its grip. Assetto corsa is the only game I've ever played where the handeling model will let you dance on the edge of a cars grip with full confidence that it wont bite back. Everything s controlable and smooth and if you stick with this game for even a little while you will learn so much as a driver. The modding support community is also a massive bonus for heaps of extra free conent but the DLC the Kunos provides is amaing as well, they're one of the best devs ive ever  come accross theyre really close to the community and support the game with regularuodates and DLC. In my opinion, dont even wait for a sale, just buy this thing its worth every penny if you like cars and youll never regret it!"
76561197970206233,Recommended,244210,12836792,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,nosalisCZ,"it is very good game, very well playable even on gamepad. Even though the best experience is on wheel.Still missing quite a few features, but hopefully these will be added later on.2 biggest  pluses for me are officially licensed Ferrari content and official modding capability - which takes this game onto another level"
76561197974393154,Recommended,244210,25106820,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,ignition22,"Im a pretty keen sim racer, I have a dedicated setup on an obutto with Thrustmaster T500rs, modded pedals, H shifter, sim vibe, triples and recently a Rift CV1. I have been league racing for a few years in games like rfactor2, Assetto Corsa and iRacing.Assetto Corsa is a fun game and if i could make the choice again i would still buy it. But for me it had become somewhat of a hot lap simulator to do a few laps in every now and then. Its a pretty game, it works well with simvibe but the multiplayer matching was crap and the single player events were a bit rubbish as well.In Comparison:* Assetto wins the gfx competition hands down (until you consider the rift implementation).* The rift implementation in iRacing is much better due to what i believe is the pixel density improving the horrid jaggies. RF2 will never support the rift so although i have loved it dearly its now dead to me.* The mulitplayer implementation of iRacing cant be beaten, its head and shoulders above any other racing game and this is where replayability is born* Physics can be a bit subjective without actually being on the Dev staff of each company but i feel that iRacing and RFactor2 have the slight upper hand. The fact that real GT3 racers use their real life car setups in iRacing says a lot about just how realistic it is.* League racing iRacing and RFactor2 are better by far, in many respects Assetto feels incomplete in comparison* Content.. I dont care for road cars, I like to race in race cars so a lot of whats in Assetto has low appeal for me* Straight up single player fun.. DiRT Rally is the winner of this category for meSummary:If Assetto had a strong multiplayer system including ranking that was even half as good as iRacing and a better menu system + rift implementation it would probably be my goto sim racing game. But as it stands its near the bottom of the pile, one rung up from RF2 but only since RF2 is rift-less"
76561197984574294,Recommended,244210,26230393,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,{HTH}jake.kake:Corporal,"AFTER 200 HOURS with this game, i think i'm qualified for a giving an opinion of it to you .First, sound :10/102nd, graphics:9/103rd, realisic:10/104th, game play:8/10Overall,9.5/10It's a very good and enjoyable game.  even if you play with an xbox controller, it can be fun!!!"
,Recommended,244210,34776871,Posted: 6 September,all,MmT.oZ,N-NANI KANSEI DORIFTO ?!?
76561198067805154,Recommended,244210,23086680,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,BrentBSK,"Active modding community, amazing force feedback, top notch developers, laser-scanned tracks, and to top it off... The best community you could ever imagine. This game is simply amazing10/10"
,Recommended,244210,30892063,Posted: 1 April,all,RobertM525,"A great driving simultator.I don't do multiplayer but I can say that the single player ""Career Mode"" isn't terribly exciting to me. And random races are kinda frustrating--the AI and the fine-grained, non-adaptive difficulty settings don't make for great racing. You choose 85-100%—which personally I don't find works terribly well since one setting doesn't seem to be perfect for all cars/tracks for me. I'll set it to 88% and blow by everyone in the first lap then do another race at the same setting and never see anything but the AI's taillights. I've had more exciting races from Gran Turismo and that series isn't exactly known for the quality of its AI.But when it comes to having a good physics simulation with ample support for mods, that's where Assetto Corsa shines.And Porsche! Did I mention AC has access to Porsche? (Kunos is the first developer to have access to Porsche since EA got the license in the late '90s.) That alone was enough to sway me toward AC over its competitors. If you're a Porschephile like me, the three Porsche Pack DLCs are definitely worth picking up.If you enjoy hotlapping a good driving simulator, Assetto Corsa is a great game. If you want something that skews toward more ""exciting"" racing against AI competitors or if you want the prettiest racing game on the market, there are probably better choices out there."
,Recommended,244210,7764351,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Envy,"Assetto Corsa. I wasn't one of those guys who hyped it before I played it. Hell I was absolutely skeptical when one of my better friends went absolutely nuts about it on Facebook based on Kunos' reputation alone.Unlike him, i've actually got the PC hardware to actually play the game. When I first loaded the game I was incredibly underwhelmed. Bearing in mind I just spend 33 bucks on an impulse buy, and that I play on a 360 gamepad due to the logistical nightmare of setting up my wheel, I was rather underwhelmed. The framerate was choppy, aliasing was absolutely everywhere, the textures didn't look nice at all, but the worst was that it felt a bit arcady. Cars felt like they were far too reactive and the BMW M3 GT2 felt like it had too much grip.Well, one visit toRaceDepartment.comforums fixed absolutely EVERYTHING wrong with my initial set up. You do have to fiddle around with the Nvidia control panel (if you're team green) and the in game set up to get the best visual quality, but one of the biggest oddities in the game is the way Kunos handles assists and tyre compounds. Its not something that is intuitive, and i had to put some research in to actually understand the UI. I eventually found out that i was running on the SuperSoft compound, which to my knowledge isn't actually used in GT racing.Once I flicked it down to the harder compounds, absolutely everything fit into place. The car felt absolutely divine, playing on a controller was not a problem at all. Never going to be as good as a wheel but those without that option need not worry. One thing this game has changed the way I play race sims is the racing line. In Gran Turismo, Forza Motorsports, F1 2012/13, anything that actually offers a racing line really, I've taken that option. Assetto Corsa has weaned my off that reliance, at least in the game, and has given me the confidence to give it a go in others as well. Playing this game with only the rev counter and gear indicator on the bottom right is truely an experience unlike any other. I booted up the game as of writing, intending to see how the M3 GT2 goes on the harder tyre (I tried out the Zonda R earlier today, it was brilliant). I recorded 10 minutes of it and spent the remaining hour just lapping and learning the track and car.Assetto Corsa is truely astonishing. I had not heard of Kunos' reputation before hand with netKar-Pro, I knew absolutely NOTHING about the title before I plonked down 33 bucks on the recommendation of a friend. I am now absolutely in love with this sim and can't WAIT to see whats Kunos has in store for the future."
,Recommended,244210,24479764,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Seedy Dog,It's alright.
76561198026151406,Recommended,244210,12715840,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,DruBaru,"This Simulator is Solid. In comparison to Race 07, Simraceway, GT6, and forza. This is the most realistic and exciting Sims I've come across. I use a Logitech G27 and its flawless. I've spent a good amount of time on real tracks it the real world and this is it. Can't wait to get my hands on the full version. Assetto Corsa is great. Hope they release a rally version."
,Recommended,244210,30380582,Posted: 7 March,all,l@rry,It's really just a hot lapping simulator. Does the simulation well just not much of a game.
76561198019201053,Recommended,244210,28871219,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,The Zombie Biker,"Bought an MX-5 and planned to race the nurburg.- Told to myself it might be worth buying AC, nurburg and japanese pack.- Realised I suck and would have crashed if trying to run for <10min- Upgraded probability to finish a lap without crashing from 0% to 50%.Most valuable and money saving game ever !Thx Kunos !"
76561198030817278,Not Recommended,244210,14865351,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,-iVe- Superman,"Here we go with the dam DLC. I bought this game when it was still brand new, beta (Early access). now after waiting for MONTHS finally some good cars, updates and tracks come and I have to pay again? that's total BS. so sick of buying games, and then having to buy more stuff to get the full experience. sigh, what a complete fail. I will not buy your DLC. I'll wait for Project cars, thanks."
,Not Recommended,244210,18753712,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,nuffy,"It's an excellent hot lap simulator. Unfortunately that's all it is. And It's not worth 60 dollars.Kunos continues to be opaque with development, and throw tantrums during any criticism on the forums, banning people that complain. I'll sum it up.Online:Netcode is garbage. It's extremely difficult to join a race. Server browser sucks and doesn't have enough options. It's not as though that matters, because there's nobody playing.Single Play:The AI is nonexistent, so racing offline is a no. They simply don't recognize the fact that you're there. Smashing in to you in an attempt to stick their pre programmed lines. The penalty system is absurd. Two tires off the track and you'll have your speed cut. Get rammed by the braindead AI? Speed cut. Forced to swerve and cut a corner because the AI doesn't acknowledge you as ""there"". Speed cut. The Career mode is a joke. It never feels like you're doing anything or progressing in anything.There's a time attack mode that is...odd. And pointless, since there's no leaderboards.Simulation: ALMOST peerless. Everything feels super tight and realistic. The only thing that's lacking is the sound design and force feedback. The forcefeedback is absurdly high by default. You can fine tune this pretty easily, it just takes time. But the game doesn't seem to want to save my settings. I come back to the game to find my degrees of rotation back to a full 900 despite what I have set up in the in game profiler, and the stand alone one I have.The UI: Terrible. Everything feels extremely wonky. Once you have everything set up and are ready to drive. I'd say race but again, its a hot lap simulator, it opens it in a SEPARATE INSTANCE. Which makes streaming a nightmare.Even out of early access, and being out for a full year it's worth 30 dollars at best. There's not enough tracks, and not enough cars. There was dlc announced before the game was even released.The cars themselves look superb, but everything else looks last gen at best, ps2 era at theworst. This is mostly a problem with usermade tracks so its excuseable.Because the PC is starved for sims that have the latest roster of cars, this game is basically a must play. But buy it on sale. It's not worth full price. It wasn't when it was in EA, and it's not worth it now. I wouldn't spend more than 20 dollars on it. Almost every aspect of the game besides the driving feels incomplete or lazy.Edit December 2016, hope you like DLC."
,Recommended,244210,10909341,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Hajimoto [ECWC],"I own almost every driving/ racing title ever made for the PC other than the monthly premium titles with a micro-transaction existence. I am writing this review and the title is still in development and is in Alpha/Beta stage.  The reason that I do not care about if it Alpha or Beta is because it is excellent at whatever stage it is currently.  This title has it all, it allows MODS, it allows private servers, custom skins... the works! The physics model is excellent and the sounds are absolutely spot on. Camera views and the ability to record and save your replays so you can analyze any section of the track at any point in the race is incredible. Sure there are lots of other racing games out there, but you will be hard pressed to find better than Assetto Corsa.I love this title and give it 5 out of 5 Stars. - Hajimoto Approved! ;^)"
76561198220557045,Recommended,244210,25739108,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,sndentist2,"Great sim..... dont expect to get it right in the beginning, it will be frustrating. I play in offline mode, but definitely clocked more than 20 hours. Now i bought this a month back and ever since trying to get the mclaren p1 to lap nubergring nordoshleif in less than 7 min...... accomplished thats yesterday..... moral its going to take time, patience and HARDWARE OHHH YEAH!!!  No keyboard business here you need a wheel. I bought a dfgt works flawlessly..... now upgeading to a g27 soon. Yeah its an old but great wheel and other options are crazy expensive in india..... not spending 800 usd on a wheel...... all said and done its great once you know the track and the CAR properly yes thats true every car feels different so kudos to kunos. WELL DONE ITALY"
76561198050017716,Recommended,244210,33698279,Posted: 21 July,all,Keneano,Probably my favourite sim racing title every part of this is a solid 8/9 out of 10 and most importantly it’s a one off cost hours of fun to be had if you own a wheel.
76561198341147205,Recommended,244210,35103349,Posted: 21 September,all,PapaWeaboo,"Pros- Representation of cars in physics/handling, and aesthetics is well done- Paid DLC is of great quality and overall worth the price- If you want free cars, tracks, skins etc there are mods upon mods to download- Very good sim for dry practice- AI is excellent for the most part providing a challenging experienceCons- No dynamic weather (or static wet weather for that matter!)- No sunrise, sunset, or night racing- Standard game without mods or DLC is rather bland- Career mode is just a bunch of challenges to beatIf you are into sim racing or want to get into sim racing definitely get it when it's on sale."
,Not Recommended,244210,14874740,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Blaz3dDragon,"Bought this game 7 months ago, physics are great and its a fun hot lap simulator. However its far from finished and Bringing out DLC for 15$ for a few cars is ridiculous when the base game barely has any cars to begin with."
,Recommended,244210,12424613,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Kurvz,"Well I must admit i did purchase this game in march I really like the handling and the force feedback is awesome , but I was rather put off by what seems to be a over complicated  UI and a mind blowing set ups.I opted to use my time racing F1 2013 , but this week I was  reintroduced to AC by some friends , and wow im hooked , being less than I'm pressed by what I've seen of the F1 2013 DLC .. I mean 2014 , I looked into AC and I'm thinking I will be dropping off the Codies Bandwagon..I'm only going to purchase 2014 if I get good reviews from ppl I know and trust.AC is not perfect by any means , but the best parts of AC and the Best parts of 2013 chopped up and put in a blender could yield some amazing results.id its one thing I really am super happy with about AC its the force feedback its 2nd to none .Anyway to all the people I've took  the♥♥♥♥♥♥of , who played AC .. Sorry you were right :)"
76561198056342612,Recommended,244210,8131695,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,TimboSlice,"The way the car's weight feels is more realistic than any other sim I've played. I've seen many videos of this on Youtube, but when I finally sat down to play this, it really threw me off guard of how impressive it really is."
76561198235873306,Recommended,244210,22503477,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,wildwilder_7,"Alright guys,after almost 20 hours spent on this game i decided to make a review.This game impressed me pretty much.Game looks stunning and it's moddable.It has huge amount of mods that acctually look pretty good.I know Kunos is small company but they didn't made enough cars.Yes there is DLC but without it game looks poor,thanks God there are modders.And now the biggest issues i heard in reviews about this game:AI!Yes,AI could have more aggressive aproach and similar,but it isn't that bad.When i read reviews i expected game to be like Gran Turismo,but it's far better.If you put AI to 100% it acctually can give you a little real racing experience.So my conclusion is:This game has some issues but overall it's best game i played.I'd like it to be more like Race WTCC game,better AI,races feel more real and similar but it's nice looking.Best thing is that every car feels different.I use this game to practice for real racing because there is mod for Automotodrom Grobnik located in Rijeka,Croatia and looks pretty real because i'm driving on that track next year with my Honda.I would recommend this game for every car fanatic,racing fanatic or just ordinary gamer.Hope i helped!"
76561198108162442,Recommended,244210,33144031,Posted: 2 July,all,cypylix,A pleasure to drive and race.The online racing is an incredible experience.
76561198141154649,Recommended,244210,34065950,Posted: 6 August,all,EG|TinTheStig,"I really like this game, it is my favourite only thing that I dont like is a way to make a server. It is too complicated and I wish there was option in the game to make it. Overall a very good game."
,Recommended,244210,34407648,Posted: 21 August,all,brotherbobby,"Great game in the racing genre.  VR is immersive and amazing with a steering wheel.  Graphics are detailed and gameplay is what you'd expect.  The menu and options are extremely comprehensive.  You can tweak just about every graphic and controller setting imaginable.  Options can be a little cumbersome to navigate due to the vastness, but I'd rather have too many options, than not enough.  It includes a career mode as well as individual races you can customize yourself and select any car.  I picked it up on sale with the Dream Packs."
76561198198889978,Recommended,244210,31816422,Posted: 17 May,all,Mert_sch,Compare to other sim racing games Assetto Corsa will be in the first list with complete packege of course there are some weak points but Kunos and his team works quite hard to improve the game and fix bugs.So I strongly recommend you if you think about buying a sim game..No need to give every month fee for subscribe or any other things just buy AC and enjoy it.
,Recommended,244210,25102784,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Bokonon,"Asseto Corsa gives an authentic driving experience, the feel of the ffb and physics are perfect, easy to drive slow but fun, hard to be consistently quick and win online races. Single player could use some improvements, but all aspects considered I don't want to drive anything else (apart from Dirt). I have a few driving sims on my PC but this is the one I play by default. 10/10"
,Recommended,244210,10505760,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,MKors,"I never played any racing simulations before. I was never interested on them. But when this game was on sale, I was eager to buy it. I just wanted to know what simulation was, because I just played arcade racing before.At first, I played it with controller. I played with it for about a month and I enjoyed it. But then I realized that I would get more fun if I used steering wheel, because it was simulation. So I bought G27 wheel. Of course it gave me more fun and I felt like I was driving in real life.The physics is amazing. Each car will give you different experience. Some cars are difficult to drive so you have to practice. The graphics is nice too. The tracks are accurate. But some contents and features are not in the game yet because it is early release.This is a must buy game for any simulation fans. Perfect game. 10/10."
,Recommended,244210,25167015,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,MitzeKatze,"'lađa'Good, solid simulation oriented racer/racing game with laser-scanned technology tracks."
,Recommended,244210,11254437,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Varaosa,"ENG:Best ""REAL"" -racing simulator on steam just, testimonials!Better that Project Cars, high a recomentted this one. :3FIN:Paras ""Oikea"" -ajosimulaattori peli Steamissa tällä hetkellä, suositteluni!Parempi kuin Project Cars, korkeat suositteluni pelille. :3"
,Recommended,244210,13031643,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,AirSKiller,"There are games you should consider then there are games that you should buy.This one is one you should buy.Everyone loves cars, everyone loves loud cars, everyone loves fast cars, everyone loves classic cars, everyone loves gorgeous cars... This game has them all,It's a simulator in it's most basic description, handling is difficult, probably impossible with mouse and keyboard and playing with every aid turned off is a pain... However, there is no best feeling than mastering a old classic Lotus or taking a brand new Ferrari to the limit and hearing it's ♥♥♥♥♥♥ic sound breaking trough corners, this game is a rush9/10"
,Recommended,244210,13838744,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Comander_King,"I hummed and Arred and read mixed reviews. In the end i decided to download. I certainly wish I downloaded the game earlier while it was on sale. Whilst I have only played 5 hours so far, I can certainly see myself spending manny more on this game. The Mod Community is fantastic and there are so manny extra tracks and content you can download. This is the first game I have really been able to enjoy the use of my G27.  The feedback and sensation is just like a real car...This is a simulator, not arcade. I have read some reviews refferring to the cars behaving like boats or soap on the floor. The vehicle behaviour is ultra realistic and makes it really more fun. If your are after nitro boosts, arcard fun with bulletproof damage then go play need for speed. If you enjoy realism, Sims and a big modding community (I also enjoy Euro Truck 2) I would suggest you download the game. This game has put more smiles on my face in 5 hours then others have in weeks and months..."
,Recommended,244210,28383802,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,AR1,"An enjoyable game for Simulation fans, as the genre implies, you do need a racing wheel (obviously). Tried playing with Xbox 360 controller and also with Keyboard, I didn't crash at the first turn, so 10/10"
76561197998259728,Recommended,244210,28926371,Posted: 1 January,all,Evolution[NL],Just an epic Sim game that comes really close to a real life feeling.
,Recommended,244210,23049383,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,zetto156,"I've spent a lot of time playing Assetto Corsa and it is without a doubt my favorite modern racing sim. There's not a lot I can say that hasn't been said already, but I do want to add that Kunos, the developer, has proved they are very committed to the long-term development of this game. Regular updates and upgrade and DLC packs make this game continually fresh, and the mod support is staggering. There's great sim racing communities around it. It really is a great sim, and I wholeheartedly recommend it."
,Recommended,244210,20688390,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Г-н новобранцы,"AC is a fantastic sim racer, with enough cars and tracks to improve your skills over the way!The single player is great, with more than enough challenges for you to beat...and is hard. #reallyhardThe thing here is the MP mode. This game is a blast online, but you have to make sure join a league, or playing with friends in order to race with good, and clean players.The audio is superb, the driving is great, with different feeling for each car.There are huge updates from the community (mods) download tracks, cars, accesories...The track visuals are so real (lasser scanned). The feel with terrain is awesome.If you own a Wheel there's no better experience./ Dont look further.warning!!!!!!!!THIS IS NOT YOUR TYPICAL NFS"
,Recommended,244210,8717616,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,mclarenf1papa,AWESOME SIM
,Recommended,244210,23742234,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Jinotega,"For years I played Forza on Xbox and I have recently made the jump over to PC gaming.  Having the void of racing in my digital life left me searcing for the right game to play and this ""game"" has fullfilled and exceeded my expections.  Oversteer an apex over and over again."
,Recommended,244210,31319690,Posted: 23 April,all,Cassius X,"This game is difficult for me. I never was a fan of racing sims, I play with a controller and I can keep the car on road but it is still really difficult to abide all the rules and actually finish the race.I recommend it to people who like sims but for me it just slightly difficult.And I realised soon enough that this is not a game I'd like to play when I get time, So I got a refund.Go Ahead and try it. The Car handling, graphics and audio are really good. A Good ""Racing Sim"" not meant for casual players like me.The 1.3 Hours I played were frustrating and maybe a little bit fun.I got the game+Dream packs because I was really thinking that this game is a good game for me and I might end up playing it more than other games but that didn't turned out to be true. Get the porsche packs too, Just too many awesome cars in it and World's best racing tracks.:("
,Recommended,244210,9628403,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,tombax338,"This is one of the best games I ever bought. It might not have that many cars and tracks, but you can spend a lot of time even with one car and one track. Every car feels and reacts different. I spent hours upon hours discovering how a car behaves in certain situations, and how to drive it to its max.It is truly a lot of fun once you get the hang of it. I recommend playing this with a good steering wheel. I think this is the only way to really get the full driving experience out of this.I have spent around 150 hours so far, most of the time on track, but also a couple of hours in the replay mode trying to get a good angle for my next screenshot. And don't forget that this is still Early Access. Once it is finally out, with all the content, career- and multiplayer mode released, I think I can play this forever. And all this for only 35€, I have spent a lot more money on games not even half as good as this one. So if you love (sim-) racing or if you consider to try it out for the first time, you should definetely get it. It offers a great experience."
76561198014605448,Recommended,244210,12729797,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,[PG] GR4CEL4ND1,"Realistic physics, Good graphics, Real Cars, Real Tracks, KS EDITOR for importing community made tracks and cars! This is a must for every fan or real driving simulation! ASSETTO CORSA follows the new way of Continuous Improvement, and not a continuous profit over little or no improvement like other simulators."
,Recommended,244210,25262843,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Xpertgamingtech,Closest you can be to real life. RECOMMENDED!
,Recommended,244210,7736704,"Posted: 24 November, 2013",all,StinkySQL,I saved hundreds of dollars with Assetto Corsa.. Now I don't have to buy an xbox to play Forza 5 anymore. Even in early release this application of physics to a P.C. system is above all others. Even my beloved RFactor and RFactor 2.You can really set up the car weight and balance using braking/throttle/steering and feel when its working and not. Every vehicle is different. Significantly.If you hate arcade driving games - this is the one.
,Not Recommended,244210,29190602,Posted: 11 January,all,matt.f.beavis,"Fun driving game for a lap or 2. I was going to give it a bash again and see if I could get into it, however, I have just seen a certain 'Stefano Castillo' abuse a fan (who is a professional driver) on the Assetto Corsa forum, who fairly and respectfully asked a question and pointed out a few things within the Sim.Stefano is apparently the 'KS (Kunos Studios) Dev. Programmer' and his reaction to someone who has no doubt spent some money on the base game and DLC's is absolutely ridiculous. Full off expletives it went on and on and on. This guy needs some help.If this response had been given by a BIG and professional developer, all hell would break loose in the marketing department. I have a feeling, with attitudes like that, AC is going the way of Project Cars.Sooooooooo promising but not quite finished in noticeable area's backed up by a bunch of rude, arrogant, vile people who do not care about who buys the game.Grand Prix 2 by Microprose is better. Go by an old PC and play that. You will learn more than from this piece of..........."
,Not Recommended,244210,15019525,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,jewface,"This game refuses to let me play a race, and the developer refuses to offer any support. Whenever I start a game it asks me to install Steam, which is rather odd because I launched the game from Steam. If I click install, it makes me quit Steam which makes me quit Assetto Corsa, and it reinstalls Steam; but will do the same thing if I try to start another race. If I click cancel and dont install Steam, it just takes me back to the main menu in Assetto Corsa.I emailed the developer about this, and their response was to post my question to their forum, and hope that another person who paid money for this game will tell me why this game refuses to acknowledge I have Steam installed. I sent a response saying this was unacceptable, and the developer refuses to respond to that. Are you serious? You're charging $50 for a game, you refuse to fix bugs which are worse than game breaking (i can't even start a game for it to break), and you refuse to offer any support at all. Dont waste your money on this, the developer has essentially abandoned the product, and is simply defrauding Steam users purporting that this game works and is actively supported."
,Recommended,244210,32629840,Posted: 21 June,all,cmello,"Excellent Simulator, the best one I own! Setting up the car makes a lot of difference."
,Recommended,244210,7899160,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,addrum,"Already turning out to be a fantastic driving sim, even though it's early Alpha. Has a lot of potential as long things continue to be fleshed out with plenty of track and car licenses, this will be THE racing sim to buy."
,Recommended,244210,27123939,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Salty Scot,"A must-have for anybody interested in motorsport. The game runs well even on my current budget rig (AMD Athlon X4 760k, AMD R9 270, 8GB DDR3) and is easy to pick up and play with a controller. The game allows you to pick from a wide array of cars and tracks, and gives you the option to change each car's setup to your liking. Mod support means that you'll have plenty of community content to mess around with as well. DLCs also add more cars and tracks if you're serious about the game. The only negative I can think of is that people report a lot of ""rubber-banding"" and other latency issues during online play."
,Recommended,244210,23855849,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,BaZzTuRnAl,A true sim with great mod support.I do wish it supported Crossfire. Kinda sux having my 2nd GPU doing nothing.
,Recommended,244210,30062475,Posted: 20 February,all,Ragnar,Most accurate racing simulator ever.
76561198132985932,Recommended,244210,19817933,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Andrew_WOT,"Own the game since Early Access and it still can't stop amazing me every time I sit behind the wheel.None of the games sucked so much time out of my pesonal life.And it gets only better and better with every release.Tried R3E, rFactor2 and got myself iracing subscription. Always come back to AC, it just feels more realistic and ""right""."
,Recommended,244210,9464509,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Sean Seebran,"This has to be one of the very best racing simulators out there, deffinitely in my top 3."
,Not Recommended,244210,15175816,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Speedcow,"Although very well done as a simulator, Assetto Corsa still lacks content and features that it should have had long before they even thought about releasing a dlc.  For me to come back to this game 6 months after purchasing to find it in almost the same state I left it with the only difference being half the cars required me to buy a dlc to use was aggravating to say the least."
76561198050726083,Recommended,244210,22892912,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,lilBoat,mad game absolutly love it. just need friends to get wheels and A C and well be set
,Recommended,244210,25121959,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,CraX,"Buy the JDM DLC. Well worth it.Also mad skids with ease, and highly moddable."
,Recommended,244210,13843178,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Life is a taco,"I hotlap Senna's Lotus 98T at Mugello every single day.. I cant put this game down.Game runs extremely well, Graphics are Definitely PCMASTERRACE quality, The Sound will literally give you an ♥♥♥♥♥♥... The list goes on..This game is SO good I now have to buy a Racing Wheel, Oculus Rift, AND a DXRACER GAMING CHAIR! THAT'S ABOUT $1,000 just so i can enjoy this game even more"
,Recommended,244210,8805156,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,dogrunes,"You can put anime♥♥♥♥♥♥all over your car, because the developers are nice enough to provide .psd templates for the cars.If this doesn't sell it for you then I don't know what will, I guess you can put 3d pig disgusting♥♥♥♥♥♥as well."
76561197983462171,Recommended,244210,14516465,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Parov,"Apart from being not a fully finished game, having trouble with wanky AI Drivers, Server Connections and so on it's quite a good racing simulator. And it is a Simulator, which needs some practice and consistence.The amount of cars and tracks off-the-box isn't that high, but the quality of them is. Having a look at Spa for example, it's a great detailed and laser-scanned track, which is a sheer pleasure to drive at. Same thing with the stock driving vehicles - it's a reward if you learn to handle them.Of course, there is no rain like in pCARS, no night or weather at all, not that much eye candy stuff in Assetto Corsa. Kunos SImulazioni focused on the driving and the physics of the vehicles and with that it delivers excellent force feedback on many supported wheels.Probably the most outstanding thing is the modding community, as it's really active and gets sometimes even featured by KS, which is great. The driving community on the other side is like in almost every other game full of nerds, midskillers and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s alike. Don't expect the best experience, when you join a server with random people in it. ...oh and better wait at Spa and look how they manage to get the first corner after the start ;)Seriously, it's fun and if you're into cars anyway, check it out! Thumbs up here!"
,Recommended,244210,16133579,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Life Pilgrim,"I have never ever enjoyed so much hot lapping in a racing game.I know it's a racing game but much of my time has been spent hot lapping because there is no racing game that has made it so enjoyable just taking in the car solo, one at a time. I'm beginning to start racing only after passing the 100 hours.Every track and car needs to be learned, just like in RL. If you don't know the track well you're not going to be competitive. The AI races with realistic aggressiveness, meaning they don't use you as a brake in corners.To me this is THE best racing game/simulation. I wished they had weather and night racing though. But as is, it's a perfect racing game/simulation that's friendly on the hardware.If you have some interest in racing game, whether you already own a wheel or otherwise, get this game. Enough said."
76561198001672381,Recommended,244210,13480100,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,nekopilot,I like this game. Not for super cars and scanned asphalted tracks. For me it is a chance to see in the future a full rally mode looks like my favorite RBR but with a modern look and sound.First try:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yz7kmlKbHQMhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=76fMHX52qVc
,Recommended,244210,7974970,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Frost,"if you're into racing simulators, it appears this is going to be the one to beat. Graphically it utterly trounces Gran Turismo and Forza, and as far as physics behavior, even in its very early pre-release stage, it ties or beats the latest iteration of Gran Turismo and leaves Forza far behind. Best of all, it's on the PC, not a console. If you're looking for an arcade racer like NFS, look elsewhere. If you're looking for a simulator, I can already tell this is going to be an incredible addition to the racing sim genre."
,Recommended,244210,8363771,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,bigbawmcgraw,"I've been playing driving sims for a few years now and this is without doubt the best ever. It's not just the beautiful graphics/artwork, the handling physics are by far the most advanced too.I'm usually a multi-player junkie but at the time of writing this (early access), the MP hasn't been released yet but I've already clocked up more than 115 hours just hot lapping. Not something I've done with any other game.If you like driving games, whether sims or arcade, this is a must buy for you!The developers, Kunos Simulazioni, are a small team of 12 Italian guys with a passion for cars, fast cars. They have out done the competition not only with their product but also with their support in forum, ironing out bugs and issues that have to be expected at beta stage, but also listening to suggestions from the community to make the game better for everyone.All of the cars have been meticulously reproduced to an exacting standard. Telemetry data has been gathered directly from the manufacturers of every single car and applied to the unique physics engine to give the most accurate driving/racing experience possible to date on a PC or console.They have also laser scanned every inch of every track, including Silverstone, Imola, Monza and many more. And thanks to a community vote, laser scanning of Nordschleife is due to start soon for release in Sept 2014!Anyway, enough typing from me. It's time to get back to the Ferrari F40 at Imola!"
76561197977722971,Recommended,244210,8119369,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Killed Often,"I own this.  Describing this title as an ""Early Access Game"", is a bit of a stretch.  I think it would be best described as a Tech Demo.  A fleeting glimpse at what the game's developers hope to some day deliver.I love what I have seen thus far and  i do earnestly hope that the a fully fledged game arises from this, because I thoroughly enjoyed what they have accomplished thus far but don't expect a ""game"", if you purchase this title.  Think of the money spent as an investment in something that has enormous potential."
,Recommended,244210,8191778,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Alex72,"Updated!Old conclusion:In the end there is no need to hesitate if you want a real race sim but didnt know which one to choose or if you want to take a break or step up from race ""games"" and want the real deal. You found it right here - Assetto Corsa!**Update**Ok, now i've clocked 500+ hours in Assetto Corsa, and what is my view now? It has changed - for the better.Content:We got more content since last time. A couple of cars and i think a track (Nurnburg GP). The latest of cars was the 98T - a mechanical monster! Raced in the 80's using carbon fiber and around 1300BHP with a weight of only 540Kg its fair to say its a scary beast, and beautiful modeling and execution regarding physics and FFB. Just as good as the other cars in this sim. The car is a thrill ride.Content wise we have a good range from street, super cars, GT and formula. And a good amount of laser scanned tracks that got character thanks to the collision layer which adds the bumps/dips/noise that our wheels go over which also translates awesomely to the wheel through FFB. Also worth mentioning is that Kunos landed more licenses and will give us more free content that wasnt promised at start. For one we will get the Corvette C7 included in the price! And a GT version will come in the much anticipated Nordschleife DLC. More about that further down!Multiplayer:Last time i wrote the review there was no multi player - there is now. And although lacking a bit its amazing fun. Funnier than any sim or race game ive done because of the excellent true to life physics and FFB. The new netcode that was just coded in the fluidity is great. Even driving against people across the planet they look smooth and you can have tight races - which is super. Very happy with the netcode upgrade to say the least. We also now have ""slipstream"" activated in MP which means you can go up behind someone and then get a boost from that cars ""air pocket"". This changes MP racing a lot!We also got FREEJOIN which means you can join in progress and even exit when you feel like it and change car if available (not during race). This is also a huge step up from earlier MP where you chose your car and that was it.Third good thing is that the admins are getting more and more power to force assists off. This came in the last patches and we can now force damage, fuel and tyre wear so the races get more equal. We are still waiting to be able to force Stability Control, ABS and TC, but im sure its coming very soon. This is where AC is lacking a little atm. Not being able to force all assists off and no real penality system yet. There will be however so its nothing to get hanged up on. Kunos even testing their own build with simple pitstops which was not announced for the 1.0 version. Maybe it wont come, but at least we know they are testing it. Good enough for me. So far they added things that were not scheduled for 1.0 so... :)Graphics:Kunos have upgraded the graphics by adding more effects and post processing. You can now make your own filter profiles and switch them while on track! So you tweak a lot of effects such as color, exposure, blur, vignette and a whole range of effects giving amazing results. You can make as many filters as you like and even share them with others. This way you can get great looking graphics without doing yourself but instead download a filter (or more) from someone else. Do you like realistic looking? More saturated with cool effect? Its up to you - you choose. No forcing by the developers. Just like it should be - freedom.Sounds:Nothing has happened in the sound engine since before, but(!) something IS happening as i write this. Luca, the sound master of Kunos is working hard to implement FMOD into Assetto Corsa! This is basically technology to have lots of effects on each sound. Reverb, occlusion etc. Trust me when i say that the cars will sound amazing when this gets implemented. Because FMOD has a good track record in other games like Forza 5 for example plus a whole range of other games. It will make a huge difference. Looking forward to this big time because sounds are one of the greatest immersion creators in games/sims. Hell, in any entertainment!Mods:Kunos (the developers) already released the tools for track/cars finalizing, and we already seen lots of tracks and a bunch of cars already. Some of the cars are top notch quality with amazing modeling, phyics and sounds. Some scratch made tracks have been made as well and they are equally amazing. These things take time to create and perfect so we also got a ton of track conversions from other sims/games (with permission) and i dont lie when i say that the track number have exploded! And from here and forward there will be more and more and more. Kunos endorse modding and help any way they can so this title will have a large library of tracks, cars and apps to enjoy.DLC (or further development of AC):So far the first DLC will be the grand track Nordschleife, and of course its being laser scanned with the latest techniques. Every little dip/bump will be there and every object around the track is in its correct place. This DLC will also feature 10 GT cars. Some of them includes Corvette, RUF and Nissan. There might be more to this DLC, but we have to wait and see. Me and everyone i know is looking forward to it big time. I hope Kunos will be able to sustain themselves by making juicy, meaty DLC's with content we racers want. There is a classic DLC as well i think with SPA and a lot of old powerful cars. Lots to look forward to since Kunos have stated they will improve and build on Assetto Corsa for 5 years!Final word:As you can imagine, as a simmer and race fan i cant get enough of AC. Mainly because of the physics and FFB which is at top class. Any sim/race game i try i cant stay long because its miles away from the feeling of AC. This sim feels like driving a real car, and its challening and tons of fun. Races are very intense thanks to that, and its easy to get addicted to the feeling.Kunos goes the extra mile making sure Assetto Corsa will be in the top which we see when they keep adding things that was never on the agenda from start. They keep improving the sim beyond what i thought they would which is amazing. And its taking its time because they are but a few very talented developers, but its worth its wait because the sim is already a meaty excellent driving experience, and i cant wait to see and play it in a couple of months time. Its almost so i want to freeze myself to see how excellent it is in the near future, but at the same time i cant stop playing it so thats a no go. I will just have to continue enjoying myself and take it as it comes. :)Long review. Im not good at writing them, sorry for that. But i still stand by what i wrote at first. If you want to feel that you drive a REAL car then AC is for you. The driving experience is already there and the details around it is being built up patch by patch. Kunos have impressed me, and im not easy to impress since i require depth and authenticity. Also a big plus is developers who stay close to their customers and listen, and they do. So, im totally sold on this experience and i hope to see you too on the track soon! ;)PS. the price they ask is low, very low, for a high end product as this one. This is the same type of simulator real car companies use!"
,Recommended,244210,11872300,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,NightFire,"Possibly the most promising racing simulator available on the market today.You can make a long list of comparison points between different racing sims. More content, better graphics, et cetera, but at the core every racing sim should be compared by the one thing they all share in common, the driving model.And this is where AC shines. The feel of the cars on the road are probably the closest any sim has come to replicating real life while importantly staying fun. Cars don't feel overly slippery and lack grip to add extra challenge and frustrate players. On the other hand they aren't glued to the track like arcade racers and can be difficult to control when pushing to the limit. It's a driving model that hooks you in and wants you to get better no matter the car you're in. Assists like traction control, stability control, ABS and driving lines also feature to help newcomers to racing sims get up to speed.While it might be a tad lacking in content in it's current early access state, the commitment to future content is evident and the quality of said content is fantastic. Highly detailed cars, authentic sounds and laser-scanned circuits meaning each official circuit in this game is as close as we'll likely get to actually racing the circuits ourselves. While Project CARS hogs the limelight with it's graphical quality and amount of official content, no car there truly feels as fun to drive there as they do in AC. And AC isn't a bad looking game at all might I add, check the screens and videos for yourself.To top it off, this game is also 100% moddable. The amount of custom cars and tracks already available in early access state is staggering and the quality of some of these is incredible. While PCARS might have more base content, it's lack of mod support limits it's future in the community, whereas AC could last for years with new content being released all the time by Kunos and it's playerbase respectively.Single player right now is limited to single race weekends and hotlapping, but a career mode of some fashion will appear when the game is fully released. Multiplayer is also constantly improving and already provides for excellent races that can only get better as the netcode is refined and more features are added.If you have a wheel, buy this now and you'll have no regrets. If you have a controller and want a racing game that's more challenging than any other racing game, buy this now and you'll have no regrets."
,Recommended,244210,9364629,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,bondyboy,"Best, driving, simulator, ever!"
,Not Recommended,244210,19842705,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Lucariwhoa,"As a simulator this game is absolutely incredible. The physics are a bit unforgiving if you drive beyond your limits, as it should be. Furthermore, the graphics look wonderful (Use the Glide filter to prevent brightness adjustment, by the way) and the selection of cars both mod and official are pretty decent.As a racing game in today's market, it's not that great. Single-player AI is pants-on-head stupid, the track selection is incredibly small, and multiplayer is almost entirely unplayable at 200+ ping. Official leagues don't exist, public lobbies are filled with idiots, and you'll rarely ever find a good room of people using any of the more interesting disciplines, like the Lotus Eleven.If you are a racing simulation enthusiast, this is a decent choice for you. I love driving the Mercedes 190E DTM around the Nordschleife, right where it belongs. The tracks are all very well done, and some of the mod tracks and cars are unbelievably fun and/or to AC's laser-scanned standards. Lake Louise is a fun loop around the Canadian Rockies, and Bridgehampton is just as bumpy as you'd expect a race track situated in Long Island to be. You can drive a Supercharged Cobra 427, but you can grab the mod with the Competition and Street versions as well. There's also a very good NA Miata mod.If you are anything but an enthusiast, maybe hold off until there is a bigger selection of cars and tracks, or find a different sim to play. I can't recommend this game because SPR is almost broken and MPR is unplayable, if not frustrating."
76561197983487088,Not Recommended,244210,13740497,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,DeadElvis,"EDIT: Ok, so i have lightened up a little since last time. Since the 1.5 update i have been playing it sporadic, with so much love that i almost cant explain it. But it still misses out on rain wich i think it's a disgrace to the Ayrton Senna legacy, if they continue to let it out. Monaco too.... So my thumb stays down until further notice. No rain no gain.""The waaaiting is the hardest part"" Tom Petty once sang. I think it describes this sim perfectly since there are lots of promises but no will of doing them justice.  Green hell with DLC cars was kinda expected september this year but we still havent seen it. It's a good racing game but the waiting is the hardest part as said before.  I will certainly never buy an early access game ever again."
,Recommended,244210,13860609,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Lovell | ZA,"This is one of the first simulator games that includes the full package : physics, tracks, wide variety of cars, being able to modify setups, supports mods, and has amazing graphics."
,Recommended,244210,25247958,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Alpha,"Assetto corsa....where do I startIt's a racing simulator and I've spent couple of hours on this gameand... this is what I've experience+physics are great+cars are detailed+Mods, who wouldn't forget mods+handling physics are great+tracks are great+vehicle sounds are realistic (idk lol)-First time playing this (like me pls don kill me D: ) can be tricky using keyboard-wheel for simulation driving (hey if you can use keyboard..then why the heck not)-some cars understeer (and yes,it needs a bit tweak here and there)-some Mods can be broken as duck-cars are being ♥♥♥♥♥ to drive (it is, you will get the hang of it once you've played long)after all its not a bad game, some glitches (who knows).I don't recommend to arcade racers. But hey, wouldn't hurt to trygit gud driving this real physics"
,Recommended,244210,15043501,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Generic Name,"In the old days of PC racing games - and by old I don't mean too old but think mid 2000s, there weren't many choices. Sure, there are plenty of arcade racers, but many of them unfortunately were forgotten and relegated to the proverbial dustbin of history (though there are ones that still thrive, like TrackMania and Whiplash). As for more realistic games, there were a few titles PC players could choose from; Simbin with their GTR2 and Race 07 titles, ISI with rFactor, Papyrus (RIP) with Nascar Racing 2003 and even though they were incredibly arcadey, EA's Need for Speed, among others. However, two franchises never came to PC and stayed console only - those being Gran Turismo (for PlayStation), and Forza (for xBox). And PC players, myself included, yearned for a great racing game that had the graphics of those games whilst the level of realism offered by more hardcore games like the SimBin games or rFactor. This isn't to say PC didn't have good games, but what the consoles got was something else altogether.Fast-forward a few years and here we have a game developed by a small Italian firm named Kunos Simulazioni. Their goal was to produce a realistic racing game that has the intricate graphics offered by console games (at least, that's what I gather with this game; I assume that's what the devs were going for). It was given a fancy Italian name because what is more Italian than race cars? I digress, but anway, Assetto Corsa, when it was first released, was eye opening. Who would've thought that a game of this caliper would come to PC? Granted, Kunos aren't exactly a new firm; they did produce NetKar Pro, but I've never played that game, so I cannot say what it is like. However, what I can say about Assetto Corsa is this: it's a really good game, but it does have some issues.The first thing I noticed about this game after setting up my race wheel was the force feedback. Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ the force feedback is incredibly well done. The fact that you can actually feel the road while driving is astounding, and because of this gives me confidence in what the car is doing. Every kerb, every crack in the road is felt but not exaggerated, making playing fun and exciting. It makes rFactor's limited force feedback feel like mushy peas in comparison. I will say this; you might've noticed I said ""race wheel."" Yes, this is a game that benifits incredibly from a game wheel with force feedback, or at the very least, a controller with force feedback. Keyboard control is possible, but it detracts from the game and using a keyboard removes one of the most highly praised parts of the game.The game is more than just force feedback though. What I really like about this game is how easy to drive a good number of cars are. I know a lot of people are going to say ""but the GT3 cars should be incredibly twitchy and nervous and blah blah blah"" but hear this: GT3 cars are meant for regional racing series (like Blancpain, Super GT GT300, or Dutch Supercar Challenge) and also meant for ""gentleman drivers."" What is a gentleman driver? Simply put, someone with limited (or in some cases, no) race experience that wants to race. It's no wonder these cars are going to be easier to drive than say, the Lotus 98T or the Ferrari 312T or even the new McLaren F1-GTR. Sure, there are some hard to drive cars in the game; the 3 I mentioned earlier are good examples of that. However, not everything requires superhuman skill to drive. And for that, I give Assetto Corsa high marks.I also love the tracks; they are incredibly well done and I love the atmosphere that surrounds them. Whether it is something as primitive or ""organic"" as the Nordschelife or as high tech as the Nurburgring GP circuit, you get a good idea on how the track feels. And finally, no more awkward versions of Spa! The one in this game is one of the most realistic versions out there.Onto graphics; what can I say? They're great. Just take a look at some screenshots. Kunos has easily matched the graphics level of the console games, with highly detailed car models and tracks. The UI is unobtrusive, though can get a bit clunky trying to select cars and skins. Sounds are for the most part good, though there are some better third party sounds available. I guess that is a good thing since they can be replaced, but by the same token you'd think Kunos would've done good sounds themselves; I guess it was a cost issue. Oh well.Now the things this game needs fixed, and there are a bunch of them.First is netcode in multiplayer. Quite frankly, it needs reworking. A small tap from one car could send another car flying off like some sort of Newton's Cradle. It's hilarious at first, but there needs something to be done about that. Sure, at high speed having cars bounce off each other in two different directions makes sense but not while the cars are going 20 or so mph. Multiplayer racing, while good for the most part, does need improvement because of that.Second is optimization and stability, which this game needs. I know piling on mod after mod can make the game more unstable, but ever since the game started using FMOD for sounds I have been having more and more sound crashes, making playing a sort of ticking time bomb. It especially sucks when you're on a great hotlap and suddenly the game goes six feet under. Optimization is sorely needed as well. I understand with the Dream Pack update there were CPU optimizations brought in, which is great, but there need to be graphic ones as well.Third is the general state of the game. And I don't mean ""Is this game going to die out or not"" because right now I feel that Kunos is doing its best to keep the game ship shape. However, what direction does Kunos want to take this game in? As a hotlap game, it's great, but put any sort of AI racing and it's quite frankly subpar. Multiplayer has its own issues to deal with, and on top of that the game has probably one of the most insipid penalty systems in any racing game. Going off track - even if there is no advantage gained - grants you either a 10 second penalty OR you have to slow down to 30MPH. This is incredibly dumb and in multiplayer situations it can lead to some stupid crashes. I know the first thing people will say is ""well don't go off track"" but let's face it; you are bound to go off track sooner or later. But back to what this game wants to be; does it want to become the next rFactor? the next Gran Turismo/Forza? Or both? It is hard to say, and maybe Kunos doesn't know either.In all, this is a great racing game, and is a breath of fresh air that PC players desperately needed. The collection of cars and tracks is great, and the modding community is thriving, producing some content that rivals the stock content. Would I recommend buying it? Yes, but if it's on sale with the DLC as well. And when Kunos does fix the issues and takes the game in whatever direction they choose, the game will be on every PC racer's bucket list to play."
76561198120227798,Recommended,244210,33015046,Posted: 29 June,all,Emurancher,This game has the best and most realistic drifting physics on the market. 10/10
76561198059250581,Recommended,244210,30381264,Posted: 7 March,all,IAN-WIGAN-GB,very good sim racer worth the money
,Recommended,244210,14952911,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Apex Assault,"This is the best racing sim out there and it gets better after each update. You can evenenjoyracing online! My experiences have taught me that there are mostly serious racers in lobbies who have no interest in damaging you or themselves.Add the Dream Pack DLC to enjoy more awesome cars on the most accurate rendition of the Nordschleife, which was laser scanned.If you're a racing fan, you want this."
,Recommended,244210,8752688,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Danielson,"Totally overwhelming! If you enjoy driving, this is a must-have title in your library.Of course, driving with force feedback is a must."
,Recommended,244210,14144334,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,L U K E,Amazing game  If you like cars get it!Pros;- Graphics Great- Cars are detailed and very realistic- better if you have a stearing wheel (i recommend G27)Cons;- Needs more cars- AI needs improvement
76561198012692223,Recommended,244210,7609683,"Posted: 9 November, 2013",all,davidcommons,"I rarely recommend anything but this is just outstanding, some folks having early bugs that the dev team seem to be jumping on pretty fast. t its a first rate sim that going to set the benchmark for driving sims"
,Recommended,244210,15937601,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,S4b1n,"Overall I think it's a decent game, but it didn't quite match my expectations. The tracks are impressive, especially the Nordschleife. Unfortunately, the car variety is not that vast. I hope more expansions will be added over time, because the game has some potential"
,Recommended,244210,15880895,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Kingspian,This game is awesome!DLC Dream Pack 10/10Gameplay 10/10Ai 5/10Ai still needs to be fixed.
76561197983978962,Recommended,244210,8112447,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,=ADSTA=,"After enjoying racing sims for the past seven years AC will hopefully keep the enjoyment coming.I'm very keen on seeing how the multi-player turns out and how strong the league scene will be.I much prefer league racing over pick up racing ( iRacing official series / open servers ) as league racing tends to be a lot cleaner.As i can only really do one night a week for league racing ( work reasons ) I am also hoping for a good single player experiece.From the few hours I've spent on AC I'm very impressed with how the cars handle, especially at low speed corners where some sims behave very enexpectedly.Any mishap is clearly a ""oh I did this or that wrong"" not a ""WTF"" moment.Graphics wise i have no problems getting 90FPS running triple monitors with a GTX680 at moderate settings.Hopefully AC will still do more optimizing so when we have multiple cars on track the frames won't take a nose dive.All in all I'm impressed with what I've seen so far and infact have gifted AC to one of my sim racing friends.edit: In fact make that gifted to two friends. Feeling a bit like Santa"
,Recommended,244210,12446475,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,nicolas cage caged in a banana,"As a man who never really played racing sims before, I've got to admit that this is the game that convinced me that sims can be as fun as an arcade but much more demanding which gives some sort of satisfaction after winning the race. Graphically it also looks stunning, although it would be cool if the trees looked a bit better. But that's really the only concern I have :D.."
76561198139965829,Recommended,244210,33027110,Posted: 30 June,all,Petra,"In my point of view, AC is the best sim race game that even better than RF2 (I only play RF2 for few hours, if my view change, I will come back and correct it).Pros:-Best physics-MOD !!!!!! (Origin game already have lots of well make cars and tracks)-You can either grip or drift. Both are great-Largest sim race game community (probably)-Online server including grip and drift-More user friendly than other sim race game (RF series, AMS...)-DLC are worth to buy, especially when saleThe best game for people who want a great feel of driving.Cons:-Weather system is not as good as RF2 or iRacing (No dynamic weather, no rain, no night race)-WHY NO HONDA CARS??? EVEN PROJECT CARS HAVE HONDA CARS !!!-(NOT FOR ME) Don't expect this game as NFS. This is sim race game, we get fun from great feel of driving.-Still need to improve the damage model"
76561198021452866,Recommended,244210,23097124,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,CouriusPL,"Actually it's the best racing simulator. Pure fun, stop waiting and buy it!"
76561198020720284,Recommended,244210,7697868,"Posted: 19 November, 2013",all,Dutch617,great game. far from done but I see potential in it.
,Recommended,244210,14023341,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,ExtraLargeMedium,"This game feels just great. It looks good as well. You get plenty of cars and tracks and probably more in the future. You get the option to modify your car exactly to the way you like it.Is it all great then? No. the penalty system is idiotic. You get your braking wrong and slide of the track and get a 5 second penalty and you must slow down to 50 km/h or lose your throttle for 5 seconds. It also gives you the penalty if some maniac pushes you off the track which is frustrating.Overall I'd say this game is good fun, and if the devs remove the current penalty system it might be the best racing game in the history of the universe ( and whatever was before that )."
76561198029319818,Recommended,244210,14260559,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Hagen Berghof,"Hello potential buyers,I have already driven for 450hrs in this SImulation so I feel like i got more than i payed for.If you enjoy simulated racing you should definitely give this a try.There are over 300 Servers you can race at."
76561197990397604,Not Recommended,244210,19773191,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Aion,"After years since early access even if is has been launched the game still feels incomplete, the game engine is good but lacks more cars variety and race-tracks, single player experience is minimal, the AI is Broken, and with all this DLC garbage it is just the opposite as i was expecting for a racing sim game, not worthy for the price.and after the latest updates they just broke the game for me and now it doesn't even start anymore."
76561197997443848,Recommended,244210,12826992,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,ramirez_nz,"Stop thinking about it and just buy it already, if you like driving games - real driving games, you wont be dissapointed ."
,Recommended,244210,10621331,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Dread,"It might lack the 'shiney' of a certain near to release driving game/sim but this has BUCKETLOADS of playability.  The handling of each vehicle so far is amazing.  I have played a lot of driving games, barring full sim games like RFactor, and you really can feel each wheel through the steering wheel.  You can instantly feel which rear wheel is stepping out and can react accordingly before it is to late.  The in cab camera view is spot on.  The way it tilts into the corners is sublime.  It is so well done you don't even notice it, which to me means it is just right.I play this with my G27 with a brake modification and everything just works perfectly.  It is one of the very few driving games I haven't had to spend hours calibrating.I have one very minor gripe, which I add is a personal thing, I find the menu system quite clunky and a little unclear in what you are setting up.  Having said that this game is still in early development and i wouldn't be surprised if this is revised at some point.Absolutely love it.  If you are a fan of driving games this is a MUST.Remember gameplay over shiney is always king."
76561198026162851,Recommended,244210,13450414,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Matt,"Having been with this from the start i have to say this game is a ""Must"" own for any racer, if you haven't bought it already then now is the time. Beautiful modelling and handling, coupled with modding, this game has a bright future. Still a long way from where it could be in respects to UI and Race Rules, but that will come in time.I would like to see safety cars, flags, etc. Option for rolling starts etc. Oh and of course 24 hour racing with rain :)"
,Recommended,244210,11464233,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Major D,Simply the best
76561198113604986,Recommended,244210,11093048,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Lieutenant_Loser,This game puts a big grin on my face. Great racing sim!
76561197997248353,Recommended,244210,32737053,Posted: 24 June,all,Fisu [FIN],"Feel of driving is made well. This is first game where I had the same feeling what Grand Prix Legends got. Tracks are 100% real.Sadly multiplayer is based for communities which favor couple tracks or cars only. Game is missing but simulation is awesome. Problem with multiplayer communities is that totally random competitions are missing. If you like go to race for podium, you need a LOT of time to practice. Top drivers will be tuned the setups over 200 laps for one race.There is a lot of DLC's which are quite expensive. That's the biggest minus for this title. Everything around the driving is made with high passion."
,Recommended,244210,7772381,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Noctumus,"This is becoming the benchmark simulation racer, and the force feedback is one of the very best already in this early stage. The bi weekly updates introduces new cars, tracks and game modes all up until the final release in Q1 2014. It's a bargain to buy this with 22% off.It's amazing to just drive hot laps for hours due to the fantastic physics engine in Assetto Corsa!Just buy it; if you're the least interested in sim racing this is a safe bet. Simple as that."
76561197989503229,Recommended,244210,25642548,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,dannydigtl,"Really great car feel, but lacks the online functionality of other sims."
,Recommended,244210,26572996,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Neaira Zephyrus,"When I started playing the game I was like, OOOOhhh damn I'm pretty good.....Races with the good players......Dreams down the drain.....Nah this game is really good, it has an amazing feeling about the driving, the simulation is great.Dont worry you too will get good. =)"
76561198209839928,Recommended,244210,23049791,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,workerdaveb2b,"A great all around package, boasting some of the best road cars around, flashy yet crisp graphics, and a very good looking UI compared to the competitors. It's not the top simulation on the market, but it is a great stepping stone for those looking to move beyond simcade games into something  more realistic. While playable with a contrroller, you definitely want a full force feedback wheel to get the most out of this one. Below I will go over the pros and cons in a bit more detail:Pros    -the graphics look fantastic, and it isn't too demanding on your PC to get a beautiful looking race environment- the physics, while not mind blowing, are more than sufficient to provide decent racing, and fun driving, particularly the road cars. Definitely leaps and bounds above what gran Turismo, Forza and PCars are doing in this department-the car selection is great. While other games have done race cars to death, Assetto Corsa has the best selection of road cars around, from Ferraris to Mustangs and everything in between. It also has race cars, but the road cars really stand out, and with the above average physics and great graphics, it really makes for a truly immersive experience-the laser scanned tracks are extremely detailed and stunning to look at, really bringing the experience together-BEST.DRIFTING.ANYWHERE......yes, you can drift here. Yes, it is awesome-Force feedback isn't the best on the market by any means, but it gives you a good idea of what your car is doing and will help you master the art of controlling it. Still, above average and better than most everything other than GSCE and RFactor 2-Updates. Kunos is always updating and improving Assetto Corsa, along with releasing more content. We are on Tire Model 7, and have had 3 dlc packs, free content, and have more being relesed all the time. Japan pack today!!!-The mods. This title has a great modding community behind it, many modders carried over from RFactor, who put out tons of quality content. The mods work great here, and much of the time are indistinguishable from stock contentCons     -The sounds are far from perfect, and a greater range is needed (a bit bland, need to work on the highs and lows for the growls and whines of real cars). UPDATE: The Japan pack is a step in the right direction, and with a high quality set of headphones, they actually have quite decent range-The AI started off as some of the worst anywhere, slow and stupid. They have since greatly improved, but they still need a good bit of work. Sometimes they are randomly aggressive, but can end up in a train, ""racing"" single file if your unlucky. It's hard to find a good match for your skill level, 98% I beat them on most tracks, 100% and I rarely see them beyond lap 3-The online competition. I can't really fault Kunos for this, but while better than the Gran Turismo/Forza crowd, you still do get a lot of noobs and wreckers. I think it's mostly because, as I mentioned before, Assetto Corsa is used as a stepping stone from racing games to true simulations. Maybe I am just spoiled  from iRacing and RFactor 2 Leagues, but I am yet to have a race where half the field is still racing by lap 5. It could really do with a skill matching/ranked racing system.As you see, the pros far outweigh the cons, and Assetto Corsa is a worthy purchase for any sim racer or car afficianado. With a sense of realism foreign to most gamers, it will have you kicking the backend around corners and fighting to gain each second. It still is far from perfect, and I still prefer RFactor 2 physics, and iRacing's competitive racing, but to just hop in a dream car like a Ferrari 458 or Corvette Stingray and tear up the track, Assetto Corsa reigns supreme. And with the constant inprovements, updates and new content being released all the times, who knows what the future of this title holds.  A solid 8/10 from me."
,Recommended,244210,10355988,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,FatYak,If you have a wheel this is a must buy!
,Recommended,244210,31922065,Posted: 23 May,all,Avro,The absolute best racing sim I have ever played.
76561197972488025,Recommended,244210,12611946,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Danvari,"What a great game!In combination with the Oculus Rift DK2, Assetto Corsa is the most wonderful racing simulator i´ve ever played"
76561197961390936,Recommended,244210,20120298,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Mλssλcre,"Great simulation, it's worth buying when it's on sale laso for dreampacks. A game must have.I wish i could have some steering wheel like Logitech G27 or latest G29 this game would be on totaly diferent level but still it's a great game.People who like GT should get this title and make comunity around this game even larger and to make more fun out of it since we would have more and more competition on public servers :)"
,Recommended,244210,19602071,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Sandeer,"A great racing simulator with a wide variety of both race and road cars. Top notch physics and force feedback. Bear in mind this is a simulator so it is more enjoyable with a Force Feedback steering wheel than with a keyboard or gamepad. The AI can be quite unpredictable and pull off some interesting moves sometimes. I find that I have spent the most time hotlapping and playing around with setups, with some occasional multiplayer sessions."
,Not Recommended,244210,14142484,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Questionable Ethics,"I have change my mind about this game for several reasons. This game is NOT complete, if you have brought it wanting and expecting a £35.00 (At the time of writing) game, then you are going to be dissapointed. Don't let them fool you this IS still in early acsess.A list of things that are broken:Most conserningly for a 'complete' game, the A.I is the worst I have seen in a racing game in along time. They do not know where you are on the track, and will in effect ram you off the road by overtaking in the worst points. This also means that the career is only possible if you are on easy and some kind of God. Also it makes any race very annoying. I may not be the greatest driver, but getting more than third in most races in impossible.The down-shifting is broken. It will wait untill the car is at 3000 RPM untill it changes down.You need a wheel, otherwise it is unplayable, meaning it in NOT a relaxing game to sit down and play.There are some, good things, one major thing is that the handling physics ARE good, but you will only get 20 hours gameplay max from hot-lapping.My outcome is that this game is to damn expencive.(P.S I do relise that the dev's put alot of hard word into this game, and I think that this game, whilst in my OPINION is not the greatest at the moment this COULD be an exquisit game. It just not worth £35.00 yet. I will continue following this game and I will change this Review when the next big update comes out)Also my wheel's rotation sensor is broken, but this is the ONLY game in my Steam game list that does not fix this temporarly, meaning on this game, 90% of the time I have to go through long lists to get force feedback working properly, taking sometimes upto 30 mins to fix this, EVEN GTA 5 DOES THIS!"
76561198017581154,Recommended,244210,34411518,Posted: 22 August,all,-=GbC=-BryanNLD®,best game for drifting
76561198039294166,Recommended,244210,12600510,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,soor cream,"Without doubt the best and most accurate simulator to date, athough with a joypad you may stuggle, getting a wheel makes the game very drivable and very addictive."
76561198083790419,Recommended,244210,15713298,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Glen Orpheus,"I keep trying to play other racing sims, but its the one i keep coming back to all the time.still lots of improvements to be made, but the team are working through these with regular updates.the modding community is alive with so much to choose from, and some real gems to be had.this is one sim i beleive will last well beyond a triple A tittle.......well done Kunos 352 hours and counting :)"
,Recommended,244210,7749241,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Poyta,"Updated: 12 Feb, 2016Here I will put some changes that I saw:Graphics is now excellent. The blurred image was a bad configuration setup. The environment could be better but in general is great.More cars avaible! Ok, we need to pay DLC, but its not expensive.Carrer mode is not so exciting but its ok.Dirigibility is improvedIA is much much better (not perfect)!Still my favorite simulator!!! 2nd one is Dirt Rally.Posted: 25 Nov, 2013 @ 8:00pmBuy this game ! Especially if you like simulators !This game has all the quality I was hoping for a simulator, a few points I raised :Sound : Awesome, I liked the sound of cars, environments , incredible detail .Graphics: Still needs to be polished, the game is heavy yet, the image is blurred and the track is missing more texture detail.Cars and tracks Laser scanned !Many cars are coming, we have cars from lower classes or supercars for all tastes, even F1 cars and antique cars ! Very detailed , each with its unique driveability !Dirigibility ( turning point ) : I loved the simulator , I can feel the cars perfectly in my hands ( G27 ) , something that I was waiting for is the H gear with clutch(like real life) and this game has!We now have career mode in a simulator on PC ! Always wanted a game with career mode on PC and now we have !Uncomplicated : You can increase the complexity of the game by setting the car the way you prefer , but if you simply enjoy running without spending hours and hours configuring every car on every track you can too!It is amazing , love it! I am doing this review because he really liked this game and want to support this development .I made this review based on experience in the following games :GT Legends , GT , GTR , GTR 2 , GTR Evolution , RACE 07 and all expansions , RaceRoom Racing Experience, Gran Turismo 5 , Richard Burn Rally with RSRBR 2013 FIA WRC 4 WRC 3 , Project CARS , F1 2013 Game Stock Car 2012 GRID 1 , 2 , DIRT 1,2,3 , Euro Truck Simulator 2 , rFactor 1 ( very little )"
76561198124234978,Recommended,244210,23495958,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,SkidzRUs(Mercy),"Profile says ~150 hours on record but believe me with Steam offline, it's well over 2000.I'll attempt to explain what I like and dislike about the game.Great WIP game for $30. Once it's polished up & bugs ironed out(which will take a considerable amount of time), it will be worthy of $60 even if you're not that into sim racing.Just cruising on the roads, keeping the car straight,  heel-and-toe downshifting to keep the rear in-check and pull out with speed is believeable and exhilarating. If you can drive. The sensation of speed is amazing. But if you are into sim racing what are you waiting for? pick this up and start hotlapping like your life depends on it!I must however note, regarding the price: Be prepared to pay even more if you want to race online with more people because of DLC limitations. Yes, most people race with the DLC so if you want to race them, you'll need to buy the official DLC just to be in the same lobby. Alternatively, if people are racing with only base content and modded content, you'll have to guess where to download it from...most cases...Racedepartment website...otherwise (rarely) I have no clue.I must also note as far as AC as a ""game"" is concerned, isn't stellar. If you're one to play racing games for the Career you might want to look elsewhere, you might. Bit boring in presentation, & lacks any sort of narrative(currently) that said, it does have a few modes: Career, Drag Race, Drift, Special Events, Race Weekend, Time attack, Hotlap, Quick Race, Practice. I find myself racing and qualifying online exclusively and when there isn't a lobby I like with 2 or 3 others I head back and play Quick Race exclusively, sharpening my driving technique and playing around because modded tracks and cars was a huge selling point for me. For the other modes I do use: Drift needs work with the points system and Special Events is actually fun, and there are many many events to challenge you and keep you racing. Drag is pretty good too; The AI is a challenge and there is a working tree! I'd like for there to be a Drags mode online with special drag slicks. That would be something brilliant.Pros:Excellent graphics-Cars are highly detailed with full interior detail and tracks are fantastic also. Doesn't require as good a computer as most thought this is because it is a well optimised game. Medium Gaming Rig can run at 40FPS solid. You can tweak/turn off many things to gain performance.Great physics & getting better. Arguably BEST driving physics on the market.  There is however almost no external damage to the cars in Assetto Corsa. BeamNG takes the cake for crash physics(yes you should pick up that game if you're a die-hard crasher with a top PC. Shoutout to crashers: stay away from Assetto Corsa pls and if you need online crashing pickup Wreckfest, second-best crash physics with online. You won't regret it I promise.).Good selection of cars, around 40 cars come with the base game. Most the phsyics for these are solid aswell.You can tweak the usual things for a car before racing including tyre type, PSI pressure(all 4 tyres), dampers (compression, extension and fast), springs, ARB, packer rate, travel range, camber, toe, height, power & turbo power limit, brake bias, downforce, gear ratios & final, etc.FULL support of mods including modable UI, sounds, vehicles, tracks...the list goes on...Big selling point. And there are plenty of mods being pushed out by the community. I can imagine this game reaching RFactor levels of modding in 2 or 3 years.(only issue is some mods can be broken with new updates...with some creators updating their mods..others abandoning them)Great offline replay mode, with extensive photomode built-in. You can also view various telemetry data in realtime including tyre heat levels and driver inputs.Lots of customising in the options, view angle, FOV, supports VR devices, audio levels: master, engine, opponents, wind, surfaces, tyre skid, UI etc etc You can even download some theme mods that change the whole look of the menu with new icons and menu design for AC!Good FFB as of now.Supports multiple Steering Wheels with tweakingSupports Xbox360 controller, keyboards and mouse racing (None of these should be used for this sim)Great selection of tracks. Most are even Laser-scanned. No complaints in this department. Everything is STUNNING and true-to-life. Exceptions being the 5 or so fictional tracks, which are still well made. My favourite fictional is Black Cat County Long. Blast to cruise on and race.AI drivers are much improved and only getting better. They now make offline races a blast.The sounds of most cars are rich and lively but you have to use the cockpit view to get the best experience. Room for improvement.Theassettocorsa.netforum is generally helpful in sorting out issues, with some users even helping you find problems when Kunos staff are busy.You can tweak your race lots: Time, AI strength (80% to 110 I think), laps, track grip, track temperature, time cycle, penalties, in addition to selecting the opponents' cars and how many of them. You can also choose your placement in the grid, and electronic aids on/off: ABS, TC, Stability control. Online servers have exclusive options to server admins: setting tyre/fuel/damage wear rate and track grip by percent as well as forcing the electronic aids on or off.Cons:Online still needs work, but it's looking good so far. It does need polishThere is no replay save button in online.Very limited, annoyingly, almost non-existent spectator mode in onlineCars pinging off others even at small contactsNot many American cars. 90% European with some Japanese(most is DLC). Not exactly a con but the only American cars we have is the Corvette C7, C7R, Shelby Cobra 427 and the new Mustang. Please add at least two more american cars for variety and competiton. A Viper, Saleen S281 SC and the sexy new Ford GT are my suggestions. Though it won't hurt to add race-spec versions of some these cars too.Criticisms:FFB still needs work but so far it's great. Few more sliders should make it top 5 in sim racing. Almost as good as LFS if you setup everything just right.Updates only adding/fixing new content rather than fixing online bugs and improving online for the players.Not allowing non-DLC players to play against DLC players. I get that you disable the DLC cars for offline but as is it's dividing the community and forcing people to play on only the newest content when they're online. The number of people racing on the base content is declining very quiclky and nearly phased out, much to my dissapointment.Some cars have very little tweaking options, whereas others have a plethora of options to setup. I get the SLS doesn't have adjustable gears, brake balance and Ride height IRL but it would be nice to just check a box and suddenly all tuning options are avaliable across all cars. Would be neat for online racing different setups.Needs built-in leaderboards for time trials, best laps, replays, ghosts and races etc.  You can download an app for this but it should be in the menus with the base game.Could do with some more server options in multiplayer. Like seamless weather transitions and ballast positioning(front to rear percent) to a car, rather than BAM 200kg to the whole car.Could do with a quick manual on how to get started with KsEditor(track importing & editing, AI and replay camera editing tool required to get a new, upcoming mod car/track working in game) and other programs, rather than throwing it out there and expecting the community to figure it all out, help each other and document everything.Would like the ability to select a different tyre compound for the front or rear tyres."
,Recommended,244210,9556565,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,d.,"Awesome graphics, awesome physics, both realistic and exciting. Must have"
,Recommended,244210,13555014,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Caboose,The best racing game on Steam by far
,Recommended,244210,7777549,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,HaZZarD,The real driving simulator is made in Italy ! 9/10
,Recommended,244210,30674518,Posted: 22 March,all,KrK ColeusRattus,Finally Vive Support!Here's a quick look at it running natively on the Vive wthout the need for Revive:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R7N9JemJGMs&feature=youtu.be
,Recommended,244210,19068418,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,OneSeed Gaming,"love this game, specially Kunos policy on mod, there is gb of gb of mod tracks, skins, cars, apps,... is just THE Racing Sim Game.always new update and price is affordable.Physic is incredible.I am just waiting for the Night race and and realistic rain model (lol ?) if they can do that that would be the game of the century"
76561198072666181,Recommended,244210,9378727,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,The Dude Man,"Best racing simulations hands down! F1 lotus and the Nurburgring  add was the best! Excellence is what Assetto Corsa brings.use a Wheel by Logitech or Thrustmaster for some real handlingBut do not be dicouraged, using the pad is absolutly amazing!I play RichardBurnsRally and GrandTurismo6 and IRACING and this tops the cake in handling sensationEnjoy!A must try"
,Recommended,244210,13880152,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,=BG= Fuzzy_Rogue,"Oh I have been searching for a simulator like this a long time.It has great Force Feedback support. So i can finally drift properly because this game has also one of the best driving models i have ever seen. It feels so good to drive Lotus 49 on Monza from '66. And try to beat that unbeatable time record. If you love driving for fun go for it. If you want awesome multiplayer experience... This is where the game is not that good. Penalty system is really bad. You just get for a bit of track and you get 5 seconds penalty. In wich you are unable to accelerate or you can drop down to 50km/h and then go on full throttle again. The race as itself in multiplayer doesn't look even like a normal race. Yes, everyone starts from grid. But the race itself is based on time. I think that on one side it's nice idea. But they should atleast give us a feature to make that normal race in wich depends your position. Because that makes your choices limited. In that case you cant just do in one lap stupidities. Then man up. Just teleport back to pits. and then go the fastest lap and simply win. I want that exciting moment in wich I fight for first place.Another problem, drivers... I mean in online. The AI are still a bit dull because they ram you same like normal players. ""Oh, gotta brake a little, this turn is sharp."" And at this moment some jackass bounces from your side to go as fast as he can and you end up in a haystack... And in the end they kick you for staying in way... So, one thing. If you are not gonna play online with your friends. I suppose don't play online. Of course I'm not saying that you shouldn't buy this game. If you are only thinking about it... Go for it! Now! You can customize cars suspension, aerodynamics. Brake bias. Engine limiter, so you can take it to insane RPM's and the engine will hate itself during shifts. Oh, I love this game. Even though i got just 20.4 hours right now. But It's mostly because I'm bored of taking my wheel on table and back to the side. I'd have like 50 hours right know. (And it's also because I play a lot of games, not just one. I'll get bored other way)+ I love to hear that the game is still being furthermore developed. The new dream pack sounds really like dream. In the trailer you can see McLaren P1, Lamborghini, but for me, there is Alfa Romeo 4C. I love that car.The flag system is finally coming, no more crashers/rammers! :DThe weather/winter is coming (not sure if winter is gonna be available but I had to do that)AI are getting an updateJust get this game if you LOVE sims. Come on, it is truly awesome."
,Recommended,244210,10111289,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,StevenK,Another perfect game.The style of racing is just awesome and works well with the G27Now also with MultiplayerA little high in price BUT well worth it.Hope to see more from this game and the developers10/10
76561198028435448,Recommended,244210,13877495,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,nickvermey,"Great game so far, love the graphics and the gameplay!"
76561198058129383,Recommended,244210,25366194,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Roemans,"Its good, so good in fact that every evening my dad claims my pc so he can play this game.I play with TrackIR 5 and it works perfectly."
,Recommended,244210,10679040,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,KyoDani,"Update now that it's out of early access:-Damage now added but it's too sensitive (bumpdraft to your rear breaks your windscreen)-Pitstops are in but only in multiplayer-Still lacking any sort of flag rules-Weather and night time doesn't seem to be on the roadmap nor do the devs seem interested in doing so-Multiplayer netcode seems to have imrpoved quite a bit.-Still a fairly limited amount of cars and tracks, though lots of new content coming out and metric ton of mods available-Even though FMOD is now in, sounds are still lackluster and fairly poor-AI still dumber than a sack of rocks-FFB feels muddy compared to other simsFor a 1.0 release it feels slightly underwhelming with all the hype surrounding it. The lack of penalites/flag rules make it unsuitable for league racing. It's fantastic for pick up races and cruising however.As much as I like it, there's not much reason to choose AC over any other racing sim out there currently.-Multiplayer? iRacing-Offline racing? Game Stock Car or RaceRoom-Physics & FFB? Game Stock Car or rFactor 2-Fantastic audio, and immersion? RaceRoom-Graphics? pCars or Assetto Corsa (though I think AC wins this one)It has a lot of potential going for it and the devs seem dedicated so I would still recommend it.tl;drCORNETTO CORSA 8/10 IT'S OKAY---EA REVIEW BELOWStill early in development and missing some features you'd see in other sims (pitstops + limiters, working headlights, damage, etc) but extremely promising. Physics are top notch and FFB feels amazing. With more content and fixes (I'M LOOKING AT YOU MULTIPLAYER NETCODE), this could be very well the much needed spiritual successor to man kinds greatest GT racer, GTR2. Oh and the modability of this game is stupidly amazing.tl;drCornetto Corsa 9/10 BRETTY GUD"
,Recommended,244210,25336214,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,LordJynx,"This game is really good, I've spent a reasonable amount of time on it. Just messing around. I wasn't sure whether to buy or not but i did and fell inlove with the graphics and the realism. Definatly give this game a wurl. :)"
,Recommended,244210,9392232,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Reinaldo,"First of all, I'm not into recommending games.This game showed up out of nowhere a couple of months ago.As a 1+ year user of Project Cars, I didn't want ""another project cars"".But on this sale, at this version (0.7), I decided to give it a try.It took me just a couple of cars and a couple of tracks to realize how wonderful this game is.I use steering wheels and shifters, so I can compare it with a real car. It is as real as it gets.I never felt this with other games that claim to be sims: GTA5-6, Shift, Project Cars, etc.Project Cars, you should stop making visual effects for snapshots!"
76561198014674981,Recommended,244210,9362124,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,PIRPAC,best of race simulators
,Recommended,244210,31623638,Posted: 8 May,all,GEERT!,It's pretty good.
76561198040517838,Recommended,244210,31819128,Posted: 18 May,all,shallyouburn,"Amazing feedback and sound, + mod content = No end, I bought the game last year, and I drove IRL 50k km +  ,  Am I a better driver after all?? , Well,  the force feedback isn't as strong on real car so, ... its easier :)"
76561198015194456,Recommended,244210,8107861,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,-=GA=- cabelo3d,"I really thought twice to buy this game, but then I watched videos reviewing this game and I decided to give it a chance. One of the best decisions I took this year. The game is awesome, so far the closer real ""feeling"" of driving I've experienced. All cars, including the slower ones, are so damn nice to drive. Even being alone in the track I can keep playing with the same car in the same road for hours. Feels better and better every lap. Great game, I'm pretty sure this game will kick♥♥♥♥♥when it comes out."
76561197961017940,Recommended,244210,11220301,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Crusi,This one is going to be the ultimate racing simulation - get a good forcefeedback-wheel and go for it. But beware - this is NO arcade racer and nearly unplayable without proper gear!
,Recommended,244210,13562478,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,CaiB,"Amazing racing simulator. The cars, physics, graphics, and sound are stunning. Setting up a multiplayer server is a bit difficult and unintuitive, but that's about the only problem I have with Assetto Corsa. It works perfectly with my Logitech Driving Force GT. I highly recommend this game, just make sure your computer can handle it, as it is quite demanding."
76561198070299009,Recommended,244210,32614273,Posted: 21 June,all,Detective John Kimble,The best racing sim you can find!
76561197969875452,Recommended,244210,12265752,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Vastronaut,Excellent race simulator. Both look and feel. It works great with the Thrustmaster RS500 + separate shifter that I use. Since this is a WIP it can only get better. Only minus at this point in development is the way the AI opponents crash into you every now and then. Great game!
,Recommended,244210,8771928,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,RvB Caboose,"Nice game great physics. I just wish we'd get a basic career mode and AI. But great so far, even with the lack of frequent updates. Most realistic racer out there. 8/10"
,Recommended,244210,13130821,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,SamSpadeAus,"After playing around with a few racing arcade/sim games I came accross Asseto Corsa. At first I found It really challenging, not because its hard to play it just takes a little getting used to. I bought the game early in it's release and have seen it grow from strength to strength.  You have to drive the vehicles as you woul in real life, with care. If you are not careful the game will punish you and you will not enjoy it.I highly reccomend this to anyone who has patience to learn to race properly. It's not a game for you if all you want to do is put your foot flat to the floor and hope for the best. It takes time and a lot of effort to become any good.10/10 for me love it!Edited 15/02/2015.After putting many more hours into both single player and muliplayer i thought i would add a few more thoughts.I was playing a lot of GRID AUTOSPORT and was really enjoying it, then a friend put me onto F1 racing and I then spent many hours with F12013/14. I found my self suckered into the thrill of ""getting it right"". I would occasionally jump into ASSETTO and race a few single player events and challenges, then i thought I would look at the multiplayer. I was blown away bu what i found.The multiplayer community was much more attentive to the ""Don't go flat out and crash at the first corner rule"". People seemd to me on the whole to be taking the races with an attitude that would mirror real life events, don't get me wrong there were still those who were flogging it however there were much less of them. When and if you get onto the right server (MARTY CERVIN servers come to mind) the people that flogged it were warned and if they didn't change were banned. It made a much more enjoyable experience.I managed to work out how to run my own server so now i also have control over everything. As well I looked into the modding community and found that to be very alive and kicking. Have even found the V8 Supercars and Australian racing tracks. Bathurst is a much harder track in ASSETTO compared to the GRID AUSTOSPORT version.This has now become my go to racing game and I am looking forward to updating my tech to include the oculas rift purley for this game. lately they have released more updates and fixes which continue to improve the already wonderful game it is.Cheers"
76561198180750102,Recommended,244210,35040207,Posted: 17 September,all,yxng cash register,"One of the best racing simulators that people can buy. Physics in this game are extremely realistic.  All licensed cars and tracks make this game amazing with very detailed car models and interiors, DLC packs are well worth it especially on big sales, you can pick up all the dlc for under 30USD. The modding community is huge, with loads of free mods you can play online or offline in anything imaginable. Definatly recommend this game to anyone remotley interested in racing. Just don't play with a controller, it hurts the experience alot."
,Recommended,244210,10270952,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Silson Zhang,"Sim racers, What are you waiting for? Just buy and have fun. You won't regret it I swear.PS: I can hear engine backfire!模拟赛车玩家们，送你们三个字：买买买！PS:连发动机回火的声音都能听到有木有！"
,Recommended,244210,10742643,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,BitNuker,"i regularly visit the nürburgring and hockenheimring for trackdays and played many racing games like gtr2, race 07, Gran turismo, forza, project cas... but assetto corsa is the best simulation in terms of handling and realism.If you have a wheel for the game you don´t need time to adept because it instantly feels familiar.It makes a lot of fun even if you are just trying to beat your laptime. You can clearly feel a difference between the handling of the cars.It has mod support and even it is in early access stage you can download tracks like the famous nordschleife.Drifting is a lot of fun too but i think the fly off handbrake needs an update because it is very hard to initiate the drift long ahead of a corner.The game may not have the variety of forza or GT but if you love realistic handling this simracer is the best you can get"
76561198027546591,Recommended,244210,11565972,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Real Talk,best driving sim to datenow with the upcoming and released mods its even more promising
76561198038287900,Recommended,244210,24017188,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Proff_Chaos,"Top of the line Racing Sim. First class development team. No tricks, gimmicks or confusing paywalls, just pure driving with the most desired exotics, racing and street class cars available. Plenty of challenge scenarios including Drag racing, hotlapping and drifting etc. Or just create your own race with the AI.PROS:- Realism / Graphics / Modding community / Brand licensing / Multiplayer / Gameplay / Controller support / VR support / Triple monitor support / Reliability / ValueCONS:- Lack of dynamic weather, but unless you want to pick apart details such as personal preferences in regards to UI or what it might not have in regards to content vs some arcade game, then I would really be hard pressed to find any cons.In fact, Assetto Corsa is extremely optimized and runs smooth. It doesn't require a constant internet connection, subscriptions, or overpriced content. The game has been advancing since launch, always improving with every update whether it's adding textures to tracks, or improving physics, or adding quality content. Heck, they even give you free content....  Kunos Simulazioni has raised the bar.  All other sims should take notes.* Also worth mentioning is the fact that you can pretty much tailor this game to how you wish via the modding possibilities, as they are endless.10/10  I will drive the F1's, Ferrari's, Lamborghini's, Audi's, Chevy's, Ford's, Mazerati's, Porsche's, Toyota's, etc, etc, etc. AGAIN!"
,Recommended,244210,7667615,"Posted: 15 November, 2013",all,3Bdullh,اللعبة محاكاة للواقع مثل iracingقيادة واقعية وتحتاج مهارة عاليهاللعبة مصممة للدركسون بالدرجة الاولىحاليا في مرحلة البيتا وواضح ان لها مستقبلprojcet cars / assetto corsa / iracing بيكونون خطر كبير على جران توريزمو وفورزا
,Recommended,244210,24349918,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Hooniganz99,"This is the ultimate Racing Sim on PC right now, hands down. The physics are superb, graphics are surprisingly great, the mod support is overwhelming and the community is awesome!It doesn't matter what kind of racing you like, whether it's Formula 1, GT3, Rally, Drifting (like me) or just normal track days, AC has it all! The track selection is on the smaller side but with mods you can easily triple the amount of tracks in the game!The game has all the settings you'd ever want, support for almost every steering wheel under the sun and car setups that even beginner drivers can understand and tweak to their liking.Overall this is my favourite game of all time, I play this game almost every single day and I've never NOT enjoyed myself!10/10 from me :)"
76561198159839315,Recommended,244210,14968652,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,zl2bmh,"It has all been said before me, but let me also add to the list of happy race simmers, this is truly awesome.Jim ZL2BMH"
,Recommended,244210,8355406,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,lesscubes,"Beautiful game, nice physics, scalable difficulty. What isn't to like? Also, has the Lotus 49 in it. If you know what that is, you know why it's cool.Now, just for more content."
76561198074757715,Recommended,244210,9001917,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,tonygee,"This is by far the best Sim ever in early access stage tooJust love the feel of the car as it wants to slide out the rear endyet still able to get it drifting as a real car does,  LOVE IT.Also the feel of the down shift through the steering wheel wow..Got to get back to building my cockpit for this sim...THANKS KUNOS FOR AN AWESOME SIMTHANK YOU,,,"
76561198084867092,Recommended,244210,9075608,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Mr Phellepe,"This game is simply awesome!! It's my first racing sim and from what i've read, it just as good as the best that are out there!! I highly recommend buying if you're a car racing lover!! =]"
76561198001727197,Recommended,244210,12440440,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,snooz,"This is a simulator, if you've played Forza 4 and want something more on PC this is the right place to come for the racing and drifting. Car clubs will be on separate forums and designing livery will we on separate software. There is little to no car upgrades and no rims to change, unless that comes in the future.But if you focus on more racing, own a Logitech g27 or better wheel, yep, you've come to the right place. Things will be a bit new and unfamiliar at first before the grip, handling and tuning menus start shining through and you immerse your self in mastering the cars.The modding community alone could make this game gigantic in the future. Gigantic in the sense that you could focus on one little area of racing and find hundreds if not thousands that enjoy the same class, tracks, time period and mode of competition.Promising is just the tip of the iceberg."
76561197988586322,Recommended,244210,23060648,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,ROCKHRDDOOKIE,not as nice to look at as project cars but if you really want a TRUE feeling sim not eye candy...this is it....it doesnt have the large content that P-cars has but what it does has is really well done psyics and a mod support.. alltho not a steam workshop ( yet ) i run this on a rather low system and still enjoy it...its come a long way from the start and i see it going long way too!!! if you dont play it a ton right after you get it you should keep it to see what changes they make over time....LOVE IT!!! 9/10 ....
,Recommended,244210,27350708,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,KaalDOKrif,"Hands down the Best entry-level sim-racing experience.The FFB is amazing with G27, and requires only a little formating on first launch. The first-party content is released to a very high standard, and the community put alot of care into the thrid-party content.A solid sim-racing game. A must own."
,Recommended,244210,8168011,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,7VV47,"BRAVO guys, very well done. It seems like you've struck a perfect balance between playability and realism. Physics are beautifully fluid and rewarding, unlike iRacing which seems a bit over the top with their signature death wiggle. Sound effects are amazing and comparing with iRacing AC cars sound alive. Graphics, I prefer iRacing style, AC seems somewhat sterile and artificial a bit like Grand Turismo. BTW on that note, I hope that once AC introduce multiplayer it won't turn into a console type of racing. Please make it more like iRacing where idiots have no chance of surviving."
76561198012537948,Recommended,244210,9820778,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,2M4,"This game...  where do I start with this game. Well, the easiest place to start would be to stop calling it a game, because it's not. It's a simulation, and a very good one at that. What's the difference, you might ask? Well, lets think of a racing ""game"", Forza seems to be a good choice. In Forza, you have hundreds of cars to choose from, but they all feel relativly the same when you drive them. Assetto Corsa's car list is absolutley miniscule by comparison, but each of those very few cars handles and feels differently than any other car. Because of this, you can spend hours getting one car to go around a track perfectly, then switch cars and have to do it all over again. If you find that fun, go ahead and pick this up. If you don't find re-learning each individual car fun, just pick one you like and stick with it, because in all honesty, you probably aren't going to own a Pagani Huyra in your life or a Ferrari F40, and even if you do get to own one of those cars, you still won't be able to take it to tracks around the world and race it to your heart's content.What else... car tuning. If you like tuning cars to try and get every possible horsepower out of them, go ahead and pick this game up. For each car, you can change the tire pressure, tire compound, brake bias, wheel camber, the gearbox settings, the list just keeps going on. And each of the things you change can have a profound effect on how well the car goes around the track.  It's absolutley incredible.Another thing are the challenges:There are pre-defined races, hotlaps, a drift mode,  two drag strips, and if you get bored with those, you can just make up your own races with whatever cars you feel like. There's enough content included in this pre-release version of the game for almost infinite playability, and more stuff is being added with each update, ranging from more cars, to new tracks, to new challenges. Again, it's incredible.Now for some bad things:This is an early access game, and some things still need to be worked on. The AI on opponents can be a little rough around the edges, some tracks have weird physics errors attached to them, multiplayer has yet to be implemented, and weather has not yet been included. If you have a problem with any of those things, wait a little while for the game to be updated, and have all those things worked out, and then spend your money.Secondly, you basically need a steering wheel. Although it's possible, playing with a keyboard just won't give you the same feeling as using a wheel, and it just won't be as fun. If you're in a pinch money-wise or otherwise, an xbox 360 controller can be used, and it's still better than a keyboard, but a wheel truiumphs over all.In conclusion, unless you're the type of person who absolutley hates racing games in general, you will probably find something fun in this game that will keep you coming back. If you can get past the fact it's an early access and somethings haven't been included yet, it's very easy to have fun playing this."
,Recommended,244210,9658953,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,arge,"The most amazing racing simulator I tested in my entire life. And I say it as an enthusiast, I've been simracing since GPL, Live for Speed, etc. and Assetto Corsa just blown my mind with its magnific and perfect driving phisics as well as wheel Force Feedback. And Im not even counting the DX11 stunning graphics. One word guys: Incredible."
,Recommended,244210,9557293,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Syko,"Even though this game is still in its early stages it is completely worth getting.  The game is absolutely gorgeous.  Best looking racing game I have ever seen by far but that is coming from a consol background of every GT game and Forza game.  I can't wait to play the full game.Pros:Most realistic driving simulator I have played.  The contorls are fluid and I just recently got a steering wheel just for playing games like this.  It is a great challenge and I have learned alot.  The steering wheel feel is heavy and feels real.Cons:At the moment the only one that I have any problem with is the AI.  I physically cannot finish a race without an AI wrecking me most of the time in the first or second turn.  They are working on this diligently and have made some progress since I got the game.As for getting it while its in early access, I would recomend this to everyone to get a good feel of what a racing game should feel like."
,Recommended,244210,11981124,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,6ONESIX,"There isn't really a need to type up some big long review. AC is an amazing simulation, if that's your cup of tea. Get that cup of tea and drink it.Controller user beware though. AC is 100% playable with a controller, but there is also a lot to be desired with the gamepad controls. Hoping this improves upon the release of the coming Steam Gamepad. Currently Xbox 360 Gamepad seems like your best bet."
,Recommended,244210,7742084,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Duke,"Fantastic so far, amazing physics and massively detailed tracks and cars. An instant purchase for me. This will dominate the niche that Race07 used to occupy, and it will prove more popular than RaceRoom since this is not a ""pay to race"" title. A must buy if you're a hardcore racing sim fan, yet it still contains all the technical aids to make it an enjoyable experience for rookies as well. Go on. Buy it!"
,Recommended,244210,8158204,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Mikeeeeeee,"This has to be one of the best sim games I have ever played, this is what LFS 2 should have been like. I bought rFactor 2 during its beta stages and also contributed on pCARS, both are great sims but Assetto Corsa is the better sim at the end of the day.Also, FFB on the G27 on this game is unparalleled, i usually had to tweak my FFB settings on rFactor 2 but not on AC, and AC still offers superior FFB.Highly Recommended!"
,Recommended,244210,7770559,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,tekkendapiss,"Even though this still in production, this is by far one of the best car games. The physics in the game are great. Well worth the money, especially as the game will only get better. Remember, that it is only Direct X 10.1 and 11 compatible (there is a hack to get version 10 cards to work, but there is a transparency issue). And a multi-core cpu is recommended.All in all, a top game."
,Recommended,244210,9666932,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,lordiego01,"THIS is the real driving simulator.  Its even very playable with a controller, although you'll want a wheel to get the most out of it.  This game is very difficult and probably the closest thing you can get to real life driving from your computer.  I'm going to be playing this for years.EDIT-01: 69 hours of gameplay in. This is the BEST driving simulator I have ever played. No other racing or driving sim comes even close to this. I love this game."
,Recommended,244210,17042098,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Sven,"PRO'S- probably the best hotlapping simulator out there- accurate car physics and tire model- laser scanned tracks- detailed cars- accurate car sounds- moddability- amount of mods (tracks, cars & apps); some mods equal or best official content (some even get bought by the developers)- ability to set password and blacklist for your own serverCONS- racing AI; bad awareness and won't overtake each other, don't show any human behaviour (alternatives: rFactor2)- worthless career mode because of it's crappy AI- small car selection (alternatives: console racers like Forza and GT)- small track selection (solved by going to racedepartment and/or official forums and downloading all the mod tracks that interest you, installing mods is as easy as copying a folder into the tracks or cars folder)- barely any visual damage; body parts don't fly off after heavy contact- dissapointing damage model overall; sometimes small contact causes just too much damage to be believable- interface is confusing at first- lack of official servers, dedicated servers require knowledge and suitable hardware or you'd have to rent one- small development team, which reflects in the lack of communication about updates (there's no community manager) and slow improvements- no track rotation in a server without booking, online racing either requires you to rejoin the server after a restart for a different track or to join a different server- skinning (designing liveries) requires Photoshop (or equivalent), skill in that software and patience- no weatherRECOMMENDED- get a wheel to enjoy the Force Feedback (FFB) and physics at its finest- join a league or community (example: our communityetcc.ridedomain.com), or dive into actively moderated servers you can find at the official forums (Marty's Aussie server/ALOOG/Minolin/etc)- download track and car mods (and apps if you need 'm)- set up your frame of view using frame of view calculators (search for them on the web)- a decent internet connection if you're planning to race online (check your ping and most of all, package loss)I'm recommending this because the pro's vastly outweigh the cons for me."
,Recommended,244210,12616596,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,line,"Very very good game. Feels really realistic, looks good, plays good, and is fun. I would reccomend a wheel to play with. 10/10"
76561198100363258,Recommended,244210,13464407,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,croppduster,"While I'd like to see more cars and tracks, which there probably will be, I still enjoy the game. This is the closest racing game to forza on PC (It's physics are more realistic but still..).  There are many car tuning options like gearing,aero,tire compound,etc.  There are also some great mods out for this game.  All in all, I say it's worth it"
76561197977378482,Recommended,244210,34809636,Posted: 8 September,all,Dick Butkiss,I've been finding it kind of difficult to find a racing/driving game worth the time lately but i already love this game. It was very easy to set up an xbox 360 controller and you definitely don't need a wheel to be able to have fun and accomplish things within the game. Wish i had bought it sooner 10/10 would do donuts again
,Recommended,244210,9603761,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,[MA] Rivvern,It's awesome. Buy it you fools.
,Recommended,244210,9446872,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,War Radish,"Best racer I've ever played.Realistic car handling, force-feedback and beautiful graphics.  Playing other (good) driving sims just doesn't seem the same any more; I'm always thinking ""Nah, this bit's better in Assetto!"".It's still in beta at the time of writing, but it's looking like it'll be a classic - even the interface is a joy!"
,Recommended,244210,13115873,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,learjet60guy,This is the best racing game I have ever played. Full stop.
,Recommended,244210,29542547,Posted: 28 January,all,Erwin,"Nice package of licensed cars and laserscanned tracks. Fairly active multiplayer, although DLCs split the userbase. Very customizable with python apps. The sim has its shortcomings: sound is average, you can't manually control the pit limiter, replays are huge in filesize."
,Recommended,244210,13490390,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,jason moyer,"Could/should have a better multiplayer implementation (and I have faith that Kunos will continue improving it), but as it stands it's the greatest racing simulator ever made.  Great cars, great tracks, incredible physics and graphics.  Sounds of some cars are weak but gradually getting improved with each patch.  To be honest, driving it solo without sound would be a better experience than any other racing sim to date."
,Recommended,244210,14450354,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,L o c o b u r n,"Best racing simulator ever ! worth every penny ! If you have a racing wheel and you like car racing games, buy it !!"
,Recommended,244210,14276825,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,b0x3d,"Thought this game was too hard when I first started playing it because the cars didn't seem very responsive. The only way I could get round a corner without crashing would be to take it slow, and everyone would overtake me, so I' ended up coming in last. But I realised that actually selecting Pro driver setup, as opposed to Gamer or Racer, actually made it easier. The car is more responsive. I think it's because it turns off things like traction conrol and ABS, which are designed to stablise the car and end up making it too rigid to drive fast. Just thought I'd share my experience, select Pro and this game is awesome. Love the detail and accuracy that's gone into the cars, inside and out. (Now) love the realistic handling. Love the tracks. And love the community. Looking forward to driving all the cars on all the tracks and seeing it develop over time.Update: This game deserves the ""Whoa, Dude"" award because it teleports you (with VR HMD) to a vast array of different cars recreated with precision accuracy and detail. With the right set up this has got to be the closest you will get to the real thing. The tracks are ultra-realistic as well and I'm looking forward to driving one of these cars round one of these tracks in real life to see if I can get the same, or better, lap times."
76561198059619321,Recommended,244210,30803406,Posted: 28 March,all,Clyde Ryu,Best PC Drifting Sim.
76561198043639506,Not Recommended,244210,14997803,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Wiffie the Pigg,"I really want to like this game, great driving, good mod support, good graphics, just lots of good. But the game is yet to feel finished, they realised the first DLC recently, and I was thinking to myself, ""what? That's absurd! You can't release DLC for an Early Access game!"" So I went to the store page and found that the game wasn't in Early Access anymore.And this is the meat of my issues with this game, it's contentless. There's a miniscule number of cars, and a tiny number of tracks, and this would be ok, if the game was $30 dollars, but it's $50, almost full price, yet, there isn't enough to warrant the price.I feel jipped when I play this game, yeah, there are mods, but when a game's best feature is something someone else has done, then there is a problem.This asking price is also annoying for those of us (like myself) who have a limited budget, when I first purchased this game for $30 dollars, I felt a little ripped off, but I thought to myself, ""don't worry, they'll add more content."" Yet they haven't, and I still feel like I've been had. Despite me paying almost half then the current asking price, I still don't feel like I've got a good deal. If I'd purchased this game for $50, I'd probably be ripping my hair out currently.Yes, this game has a lot of good points, but due to the fact that there is a laughably low amount of content in this game, I simply can't recommend this game to anyone who has respect for their money. If you have money coming out of your eye balls, then go ahead, buy it, enjoy a very good simulation of driving, but if you don't, then move on, because this is simply a waste."
76561198022986893,Not Recommended,244210,13825859,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Unused_Killer,"Before you read the rest of my review please understand i would love to give this a recommendation but at the current time just dont feel i can.Since i purchased this in the early access stage i have tried repeatedly to enjoy this game, yes i believe there should be some enjoyment in playing a simulation and not just tedium. Unfortunately i cant recommend this game except to the most hardened driving simulation fans and even they will suffer at some point from the absolute perfect driving of the A I . This isnt even mentioning when the AI wish to pass you on a corner etc the answer seems to be quite simple - rear end you , this leaves you ( not them at any point i noticed ) careening onto the grass / track edge for a penalty or slow down to 50kmh ( something you would expect to find in an arcade game with catch up enabled! .Unfortunately this games just feels like an exercise in stress. I will commend the team for improving the overall driving experience since the early access but the A I simply hasnt been well adjusted.Another unusual presence in this game is the career mode choices , a time trial just for ""the fun of it"" seems to be thrown into career mode, whilst i can understand this gives you chance to practice the track before engaging in a race so does practice ( thats kind of what its there for ) .I think ultimately the developers need to understand that whilst there are many hardened sim racers out there who will thoroughly enjoy most of this experience they have ultimately sold themselves short by not creating a particularly enjoyable experience.If you are willing to invest a lot of time of the steep difficulty curve and love racing sims then get it. If you like racing games in general this probably wont be your cup of tea."
,Not Recommended,244210,14272522,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,teeedubb,"This game has been great the handful of times I have been able to get the the non-early access version to run. The support forums are dismissive and downright clueless and why on earth does a game need external python to be install outside of Steam (thats the advice I get from their tech support  when I post about my issues, they seem to think it is a cure all for all the games issues...)?Save your money and buy something else!"
,Recommended,244210,7603198,"Posted: 8 November, 2013",all,Heisenberg,"The best sim ever, finally."
,Recommended,244210,7913656,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Joelmo -iwnl-,"Absolutely amazing. The graphics are incredible, and the physics are so realistic. I have played iRacing, and I think that this would rank at the same level of realism. It's a must have for a sim racer."
,Recommended,244210,7789649,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Kiera3DTaylord,"A must buy if you love drifting BMW M3s with a wheel, or if you like racing games."
,Recommended,244210,7750946,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Trae,"This game isn't just about the pretty graphics, as everything under the hood is just as damn impressive, particularly the physics. In addition, the game is also gamepad friendly, but the most impressive thing about this game is that it already feels like a finished product, so big kudos to Kunos for the effort put into the game already. Looking forward to seeing a lot more of this game in the very near future!"
76561198027751393,Recommended,244210,12711456,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,kissy kissy ya ya | ya ya,aftr long and ttrecherus hours on dis game i finaly figurd out wat it was misin....and WOW.this game turns peopl off cuz off graphics r sooo good. but like i cant even fathem .also my game dsnt start. so tht was defintly a good $4 spent becaus of the deal i get onwww.bl1zzard.gamin7.hackboy
76561198007432070,Recommended,244210,7728501,"Posted: 23 November, 2013",all,glenkybumpers,Getting better with evey update. Would like to see more done on the car set-up side More stuff to tinker with to get the cars to go faster and handle a little better for me. No two people drive in the same way. I'm sure they are working on it. Keep up the great work. You have a really good game starting. Thanks.
,Recommended,244210,8591235,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Fjeldern,"One and a half year since my previous reveiw, so thought I would write some more.I only drive this with a wheel and a playseat. I have tried it with an controller, but didn't manage to get a setup I was able to drive with. I have seen others be able to drive with a controller, so there is hope, even tho this game is ment to be played with a wheel.I haven't tested online since it was new, so I can't really tell you anything about the online part, except for that it was qutie buggy when it first came out (a long time ago).But just driving around famous circouts in famous cars is a lot of fun! All the cars need different techniques to get the most out of them, and you really get a sense of mastering the car, the more you drive it. I have many hours, screaming at my screen and the game, when I have done parts of the lap close to perfect, just to over reach near the end, ending up crashing.I crash a lot. All the time really. Every third lap in some cars. Which is part of the fun!Since I have pretty much been broke since Project Cars finally was release, I can't really comapre them, but even if you have Project cars, this game is a worthwhile investment!The positive:-Great sound-Great grapich-Realistic driving performance and handling-Laser scaned tracks, for optimal realism-Costs less then a single track dayThe negative:-You can't use any buttons on the G27 to navigate the menues. This means I have to get up everytime I need to do a pitstop, and can ruin AI play as well.-The AI is a bit clucky (or was at least, might have become better)-Career mode isn't all that great. It isn't like Forza or other games where you work your way up. THere are just different modes you need to complete to get to the next tier."
76561198046040535,Recommended,244210,8783136,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Flarescale,"One of - if not - the best driving simulators I've ever played, and it hasn't even been fully released yet. Great physics, great graphics and great sounds make this game divine.I haven't really found anything worth complaining about but don't buy this game if you don't have steering wheel to play it with. Driving with keyboard is literally impossible in my opinion."
,Recommended,244210,23090174,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Ysu,"One of the best, most realistic sims out there currently - and it costs peanuts, compared to iRaping. :)"
76561198118678485,Recommended,244210,10641504,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Swan,"this game is awesome, amazing physics, nice looking cars, great maps, and is an all round great game.I cannot wait to see where this company goes, as it is almost already a forza?gran turismo rival.10/10 great buy"
,Recommended,244210,7771565,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,dbkattack,"So recently i discovered Game Stock Car 2013 which was the best game comparing with what the market offered a month ago in my opinion, but today i can say i found again the best racing sim :) this is Assetto Corsa, even more than what i expected after i played the tech demo. Incredible !! I just can't wait for Oculus Rift to pair it with this simulation software ( sorry but i can't call it a game :)The only milestones for Assetto Corsa now is the multiplayer and AI, i really hope they will nail these parts too.AWESOMEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!"
76561198061000429,Recommended,244210,10182662,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Omaras,"It's Official, I have never played a racing simulator such as this that has managed to scare the ""CRAP"" out of me getting the idea of driving any type of car at high speeds in reality; I can see why many people lose control at high speeds.  The car becomes so unstable that if anyone so much as hits a patch of wet leaves, they are as good as dead in reality.This is the most realistic racing simulator that I have ever played and Gran Turismo has nothing on it...But it is still in much development and I love the online mode of this game as it allows you to compare times with other players.  I haven't had the guts to use the bigger cars in this game.  The Lotus Exige is PLENTY power for me!   I haven't hit a wall with it yet; there is vehicle damage in this game BTW..."
,Recommended,244210,8507771,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Eric,"A  mod-friendly artistic simulator, with lots of potential."
76561198089192481,Recommended,244210,8606780,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Paul  GT73,"beautiful looks and physics, a class act even though its still beta"
76561197985283881,Recommended,244210,10161464,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Slizer,"This is the most authentic Racing simulator ever made in my opinion.I own a Bmw e30 in real life, and the driving physics with the one in game is close to 100% the same"
,Recommended,244210,25512289,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,FHarbor,"The car sounds in this game are incredible, just this 'thing' alone worth a buy.Cars and tracks looks like in real life. TOP JOB.Also big UP for Porsche cars!"
,Recommended,244210,10904665,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,GTOfire,"As an inexperienced newcomer to sim-racing, there is not much that can compare to a pulling off an unassisted balls to the wall lap of Imola in a Ferrari F40 without going off-track. In games like GRID or Forza, excitement comes from winning races and the drive to keep playing derives from the carrot on a stick that is the credits you need to earn to buy more cars.AC doesn't even have a carrot on a stick for winning races yet (career mode is not yet done), and I still regularly start it up just to do hotlapping sessions of various car/track combinations. The driving is just that much fun in and of itself, and incredibly challening at that.Online racing is also remarkably fun to do, and once you escape inevitable turn 1 malarky, most racers will happily battle you for position turn after turn with courtesy and giving you your space while you give them theirs. It seems most people enjoy a having great and tense battle more than winning it, and that allows for them to take place cleanly. Most people rather see their opponent win it and have another chance to be a hero in the next few turns, than risk hitting them and ending up in the gravel together.There are a few glaring omissions such as pit stops and better ways of getting in a public race (the booking system makes sense, but it could use some more options to allow e.g. joining in practice mode),  but even if they stop development entirely I feel as though I've gotten more than my money's worth already. And so far, they've done the contrary and maintained a fairly strong update/patch schedule every other Friday."
76561198056516721,Recommended,244210,7637946,"Posted: 12 November, 2013",all,AliHassan,If you want a next Gen driving simulation. This is the very best that was created to date. Impressive physics and handling of the cars. And this is the first time i recommend a game :)
76561198140067596,Recommended,244210,25916974,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,thejman110,"So now I have 600+ hours in this game I think I have put in more than enough hours to review this game in a fair light, kunos games calls assetto corsa (your racing simulator) and they aren’t wrong there, This is the best racing sim I have ever owned the gameplay is solid the feel of the cars and the FFB on the wheel is amazing.Now I am a BIG drifting head to be honest most of the hours I have put in the game have been me drifting in the DriftJunkie servers =D so if you want this game for drifting I 1000% think you should get this game. And maybe we can tandem someday, The graphic are nice & sharp in all the right places for a sim… sure the graphics aren’t forza standard but then again we don’t own this game for the graphics we own it for the realism it brings to the table.Let’s talk content as this is one place where kunos skimped out, assetto corsa has a small number of cars & tracks and even the career is small when you look at most other racing games. There are no leader-boards which feel is a MUST on any racing game. It’s almost like kunos sat down one day at a board meeting and said let’s forget about content we will just let the community build the game for us & they have. All you are is a couple of clicks away for endless tracks, cars & apps, even the community has made its own leader-boards (RSR LiveTiming) in my mind this is the only con this game has. But the endless pros far out way this one con.Overall I give this game a SOLID 9.5/10 (FULLY RECOMMEND THIS GAME)"
,Recommended,244210,7874715,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,🔰AL👿,"Looks very promising, a must own for any car nut"
76561198271300116,Recommended,244210,32916253,Posted: 27 June,all,Cpt. Downtown,rip keyboard users
,Recommended,244210,25193038,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Turnz PR0M0,"For me one of best racing simulation games for PC.What game can give you:-huge experience-real tracks-best cars-online meetings (If you have friends)What game can't offer you:----For me 10/10, very good job developers."
,Recommended,244210,25099098,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,DeXTR2k,"Assetto Corsa is one of the best Racing Simulation Games out there.I bought it in sale for 50% of the price and I can tell it is remarkably authentic and realistic, considering that you do not really sit in front of the rim of an M3 GT2.I purchased it to function with my Logitech G27, which by the way works perfectly fine since it comes with full Racing Wheel-Support.Thumbs up!!!"
,Recommended,244210,25138079,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Zaagtand,"Awesoem game, the ingame force feedback is really great."
76561197970692951,Recommended,244210,25118792,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,mollermads,"Great physics engine and force feedback. Nice graphics and well optimized. The VR is still in Beta but I find it very immersive and absolutely playable, even though I have to remove my Oculus Rift to change cars or track.Most realistic sim so far and it is constantly getting new updates and features. The modding community is also superb with lots and lots of content for free."
,Recommended,244210,33176618,Posted: 3 July,all,alphaguyz,"I really love this game because of its AWESOME SOUND of each cars.. The sound delivered in detail and realism...However RIP money to get all the cars that sell seperately in DLCs... Overall is good even im using keyboard, got the optimum setting, you'll can handle the car very well ;)))"
,Recommended,244210,33253599,Posted: 4 July,all,MrSmithz,Best Racing and Drift Sim EVER!!!!I Love Assetto Corsa !!!So much modsit never ends....
,Recommended,244210,9121786,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Stevy,"For a simulator in the alpha stage, it's very good. There are endless ways to customise car controls, wheel setup, assigning buttons etc. Not all modes (e.g. career) are up and running yet but that's expected seeing as it's still in development. Takes a while to get the correct setups for your wheel if there isn't a preset setup for your model.Best driving simulator I've tried."
76561197997847192,Recommended,244210,9157128,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Dariush,"Awesome sim.Good  sound and visual, fantastic tire model and the best tracks available(all gorgeous laser scan creations)while theAI is far from perfect.Full mod support and an already sprawling community.The official car selection vary from open wheelers to stock supercars and will appeal every kind of petrolhead. Too bad for the DLCs that are quite pricey...Best enjoyed with wheel+ clutch since controller just doesnt feel right and keyboard is useless.8.5/10"
,Recommended,244210,15282051,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Blunder Sunder,"I bought a G27 to go with this new purchase, having been a racing game fan for, well, decades. I enjoyed Forza on the 360 and was looking for something to fill the gap on the PC.OH MY GOD.Amazing. Headphones on, force-feedback doing it's thing - immersive is an understatement.I'm going to go and lose some more races now, because even that puts a massive smile on my face.Give me a Honda CRX and you can have all of my money."
76561198069080566,Recommended,244210,14217105,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,spec.b223,"THE WHEELHOP IS REAL!!!!I'm using the Fanatec Porsche 911 GT3 RS V2 Wheel, and let me tell you. I hopped in the Fiat 500, revved up to 6k rpm and let out the clutch and it was real life. Instant uncontrollable shutter from the steering wheel until i managed to find traction when i let out the accelerator. I paused the game and group texted my friends, ""You guys need to come over and try this!"" The realism in this game is outstanding. Ive owned an SRT-4 neon, Subaru Legacy GT Spec.b, and a LS2 6 speed GTO. All VERY different cars. Every car in this game feels insanely different, and they've captured the very essence of pure racing around the track trying various cars. If you are into cars in general, and have a racing wheel, YOU NEED THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,244210,10595066,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Dealiosis,"Great game if you are a fan of Gran Turismo or Forza on the consoles. A little bit more realistic and hard to get into, but still fantastic. So get on the track and git rekt by bots that are set to the lowest difficulty!"
,Recommended,244210,12172250,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Sarge Burnsson,assetto corsa killed the only reason i had to still own a xbox.
76561198065026149,Recommended,244210,13871224,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,m0th,"This is a game, like many, constantly encouraging me to get a computer upgrade (This game is the only one where I've gotten zero frames without the game crashing). But, to be honest if you have the specs, BUY THIS GAME! It's amazing, and as a racer I know exceptionally well about realism. This may be the most realistic racing game ever made. There's always those driving sims that claim they're the best, but none will ever beat this. The graphics and gameplay are amazing too. Bottom line, BUT THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,244210,22347430,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,zozo,"Career mode is crap, there is no weather or night/day cycle. But feeling from driving a car is amazing, no other game that I played so far achieved this. So fun to just drive around."
,Recommended,244210,10898306,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,The Sneaky Russian,When it comes to driving and racing games it really doesnt get much better than this! I judt played grid autosport and it was a childs game in comparison to this beauty! Truley stunning game and lovingly put together. m hooked!  :-)
,Recommended,244210,12711227,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Mat|x,"If you do not own this game yet, you will. And if you don't get it in early access, you'll be kicking yourself for a long time.Assetto Corsa - My personal favorite racing simulator. The only thing that comes close to how fun this game is, is Richard Burns Rally. We're talking incredibly detailed content, a burgeoning modding community and soon to come, the first ever laser-scanned Nurburgring Nordschleife. This game will replace Forza, Gran Turismo, rFactor, Live For Speed once development is completed.We may not be able to alter the default cars just yet, but I'm damn sure that Kunos will find it in their hearts to work car customization into the game very soon. Community-created vehicles have already been equipped with a primitive customization system. Modification in general is VERY simple. You can edit the files freely. For someone like myself who has no modding experience, I have managed to download all of my favorite tracks and cars with ease. I've also been able to edit the .ini files to customize transmission, suspension and engine files to my liking.This game will rise to the heights that rFactor and Live For Speed achieved years ago. It will surpass them (in my opinion, it already has) in terms of community involvement.Whether you love to race, drift or simply drive. This is the game you want."
,Recommended,244210,12208573,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Brownninja97,"A very good example of a racing game and the father in spirit of Race 07(modding terms and realism terms)as of patch 0.22 things could get better or worsePostives:Great graphicsExtremely easy to mod cars and tracks into the gameGreat ui which is responesivePretty niceOk so to be honest in its state before modding there is a decent amount of content, not a lot and you might be a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥as the price is pretty high but the level of quality is crazy high right now which I love about it. The game shines when it comes to modding, its not even out yet and ive modded in about 40-50 cars into the thing, lots of people that porting the mods they made from rfactor or race 07 and gtr evo which is also nice.This game also has a two level system, the menu gui is seperate from the in game racing and stuff so if i alt+F4 it takes me to the menu, do that again the game closes completly, i think i like this as its quicker then clicking esc, end race etc.Engine sounds is pretty good, I think project cars might be better but they have better bass and slightly lack on the highs.Interior detail is unbelievable, I got my father to drive an E30 M3 which he owns as well and he said they drive pretty much the same, they oversteer, loose control all the same.I was a little dissappointed with the standard content considering how much I paid but there are many high quality mods out there.The site I used to get majority of my mods for this game are from here:http://thesimreview.blogspot.co.uk/search/label/Assetto%20CorsaAlso the assetto corsa forums have a few mods which are usable.But a massive con for new guys out there, the driving line is broken as hell, dont brake when it tells you or you will end up at a standstill way before the corners."
,Recommended,244210,12405272,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Flasawoo,Cracking simulator with industry-leading physics even in a relatively early stage of development. Already becoming a hub for the modding community and as a result will be packed full of content for years to come.
,Recommended,244210,12442486,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Goatboy,"One of the better racing/driving simulators out there, challenging, yet highly rewarding. High level of detail in every aspect, well worth the small price tag. Must have for driving sim fans.Stil the s**t , 2016"
,Recommended,244210,25435946,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,gzz22zzg,"Assetto Corsa is by far the best driving simulator I've ever played, and as far as I can tell, is _the_ killer app for VR. I can't entirely explain why, but driving in this game is an exhilarating, gratifying, relaxing, wonderful immersive experience. Pair it with good hardware, and you won't regret this purchase at all.Caveat: Oculus support is still marked as beta, and it _has_ frozen up on me a couple times, so it's not perfect (yet)."
76561198016030810,Recommended,244210,13914940,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Boobar,this a true simulatormore than a gameset ups going back to gtr
76561198057499680,Recommended,244210,13240308,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Durtato,"FANTASTIC! This sim is just epic, the sounds are clear and really make you feel as if you are in a real racing car. The driving is suberbly done with smooth cornering and good grip physics. All a round a truely great game."
,Recommended,244210,19795034,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,pedrohn1,Best racing sim your money can buy
76561198068609555,Recommended,244210,25285939,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,!Catch Me If You Can!,"First of all,This game is 0.1% away being realistic, the 99.9% is goddamn Real (Must have a Wheel) or else purchase Grid/NFS,First Imp Part:Wheel settings must be accurate in this game,if u set it right u feel every goddamn cars in AC,Second Imp. Part Is:Wheel + 50 inch TV + Home theater system + Racing outfitThen feel the ture power of La Ferrari  :D XD"
,Recommended,244210,10092119,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Yang,spent 1000 on a rig for this game10/10 would spend again
76561198072875915,Recommended,244210,9266872,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,GamingRacerHD,Check some 1080p HD gameplay -https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gr9NS5ccTks
,Recommended,244210,11671295,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,bob the builder,Great graphics and decent wheel support. I use the G27 and have lots of funracing onlineThe community isnt near as mature as iracinng but pick your races wisely and you have a blast! Well worth it if you have a decent wheel.
,Recommended,244210,8817372,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Zoxsi >ᆺ<,"great simulation game, the graphics are so good! it's fun you just cant do so much jet"
,Recommended,244210,9113186,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,INsane [dodbits],"Works right out the box, ATI Eyefinity support, looks fantastic on 3 monitors. Very good UI that you can alter items like gear change, laps, in a custom Heads Up Display arrangement that is the best I have seen on any game.For an early access game...this is very nice, go get it... it is worth tripple this price.Best racing sim I have played. Cars feel real ... but also it is easy to play and FUN is what games are all about!Now go away, got to race again."
,Recommended,244210,9109009,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,太厉害,"If you are looking for the ultimate racing simulator for pc, you MUST buy this game. Period."
,Recommended,244210,7870421,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,muckymu,A piece of art produced by dedicated people......Still WIP but already a gem.
,Recommended,244210,9066478,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,JoelTGM,drifting with a wheel is pretty spot on.
76561198027756142,Recommended,244210,9091100,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,teksta7,A true racing simulation that puts gran turismo and forza to shame
,Recommended,244210,9116009,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Optimus Rob,"This game is the mother f.... real deal!If you have a good powerful gaming rig capable of running this beast on ultra....Then search no more! This is THE ultimate racing simulator!Compatible with the brand new Occulus Rift Virtual Reality goggles,it delivers the most accurate,precise, and out of this world driving experience!You think you ever played racing games?...Think again noob! Unless you're already strapped to your seat...You know NOTHING about racing sims.BUY THIS NOW! And drool!Nuff Said!"
76561198021179576,Recommended,244210,9103291,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,GamE,This is a great sim nothing else comes close top notch from me 9/10  will get 10 once the online part comes to it.
,Recommended,244210,25157124,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Diablo_rf,The best driving simulator in the world.
76561198104394770,Recommended,244210,7997290,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,kas,"exciting, challenging and immersive"
,Recommended,244210,8768900,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Rapakiv,"Exelent simulator, but in early stage.With time may come too the best PC simulator ... i have time."
,Recommended,244210,8776575,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,m33tPopsickle,"simply brilliant driving feel, force feedback is awesome and the audio is really gritty and real. I'm loving it. Can't wait for more features to come online."
,Recommended,244210,9412467,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,R4C3R98,"Very very nice game, i am comparing this to forza 4, the graphics are fantastic the level of detail is superb. The driving simulation makes forza feel like an arcade game. And for this reason it doesd take a while getting used to, and playing with the settings. The extent of tuning that you can do to the car is spectacular, form tires and cabmer to amount of fuel and aerodynamics tuning. I really recomend you get this game, if you like racing games, there are not many good ones on pc, but this is the best of what ive seen.Only problem i can see, is that the traction control need altering, but understanably this is an alpha, so imsure this will be worked on. But i tend not to use assists, only using it untill i get used to the game, having been used to forza."
,Recommended,244210,7997688,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,S.H.I.E.L.D. Agent Phil Coulson,This game is possibly the most realistic driving game I have ever played. It's truly wonderful! 10/10!
76561198020831332,Recommended,244210,8137387,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,State,"This has to be 'The Most Realistic"" driving simualtor/game I have ever played.This wins hands down and the great thing is, there is so much more content and upgrades to come! 10/10"
76561198120937785,Recommended,244210,9142922,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,CannonSlug,Lots of work still to be done in game but a very promising so far !A must have with a G27 !
76561198051818584,Recommended,244210,9191771,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,DeX,"The best sim I have ever played and there has been many since ""MicroProse - Grand Prix"". Kunos has made astounding job to make the physics feel realistic, the traction or lack of it easy to spot and the sensation of speed incredible.  Combined with high quality graphics and sounds, this was an easy decision to buy. Assetto Corsa keeps getting even better with every update Kunos releases, cant wait the final release."
76561197999100173,Recommended,244210,9690016,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,hawkzzz1,Excellent game. Definately worth the price for the early access.
,Recommended,244210,9647084,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,King_777,awesome potential being realised.
,Recommended,244210,8405082,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,TWO VHS COPIES OF ICE AGE 2,"Assetto Corsa is one of those games that make you stand back and marvel at its brilliance. Well, it is almost there at least. I have wanted to get into sim racers for some time and when I saw this on the Steam Store I brought it. The selection of cars in the game is a good as there are several types of vehicles to choose from, these include open wheel, street and track cars. There is a small selection of tracks with some tracks just be variations but each track suits different cars.You can play this game with a Xbox 360 controller but to get that immersive feeling like you are in the car and driving it you would have to invest in a wheel and pedals.The graphics are actually very good, they could do with a polish but they are great for now.A few little tweaks with the car sounds can make it feel a bit more realistic.As for the current state of the game it is absolutly brilliant. Hopefully AI will be introduced soon and it can make the game one of the best racing games I have played (to be honest, it already is). This is a must for any boy (or girl) racer out there that wants a solid sim racer."
,Recommended,244210,9367529,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,[GW] WealthySoup,"Great simulation and excellent range of cars and tracks. Still incomplete at this stage (0.7.1), but with many new features being added every fortnight it doesn't grow old. (I would suggest the use of RSR Live Timing to make things even more interesting).For a full list of what will be coming in the first full release of the game then check out the developers website.I can safely say that this is the only game that I've bought in over a year that would be worth the full price, with the early access discount it's an absolute steal.""Buy, buy, buy"" - Expected reaction of your financial advisor."
,Recommended,244210,14842581,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Argon,"So now that version 1.1 is out, i'm going to do a new (updated) review of this game.First of all. You need to buy the ""Dream Pack DLC 1"" its only 15€ and definitively worth the money. Why? Because you get 10 new cars and 3 variants of the nordschleife. (Only the track would cost around 25$ in iRacing.)This sim is made by Kunos Simulazioni. They are known for netKar Pro a game that had amazing physics, one of the most authentic acutally. Their new title ""Assetto Corsa"" has inherited the physics aspect and they've even improved it. So physics-wise this game is pretty much tied with rFactor 2 its main rival, in having the most realistic physics. Force Feedback wasn't the best since version 1.1 they've improved the FFB (Force Feedback) quite alot. Until now you couldn't really feel every bumb on the track, now you can. It still lacks in letting you know when the car is in a slide, which can be slightly annoying and you can't really feel whether you have countersteered enough or not. The graphics in this game have improved quite alot. If you have a high-end system you can enjoy the stunning graphics. If you have a relatively weak pc you don't have to worry, just make sure you are at minimum requirements level. You can tweak all sorts of things e.g turn post proccessing  completely off, smoke effects can be turned off as well as reflections, you can lower the texture, mirror resolution. Basically you can tweak everything your heart desires. The sounds needs improvement, they are ""not good and not bad"". [The Dream Pack DLC has awesome car sounds BTW.]  The dopplereffect is way too strong and you can tell when the game starts to play the different sound file. There is also only the interior car sound, when you go 3rd person you'll still hear the same sound.The A.I was terrible. I'm glad that Kunos has fixed the A.I in 1.1, they are definitively way more consistent, before the patch you had 1 or 2 cars that were 2-3 sec. a lap faster than the rest of the field, they rammed into you under breaking and in the corners, they had terrible starts. Now that most of this has been fixed (they still may ram you) its really enjoyable to play AC in singleplayer.1.1 Added a passive weather system. You can select, what type of weather you want to have ingame. You can choose between sunny, cloudy, heavy clouds, light fog and heavy fog, thats about it. Trust me if you're going to race on the ""Nordschleife"" you have to play with fog, it adds a lot of atmosphere. I hope that kunos is going to add night time and rain sometime soon.Now to the UI. The main menu isn't the greatest, but you can still find anything you want. (If you install UI mods make sure you enable them in the ""settings"", otherwise they won't work ingame.) Assetto Corsa is compatible with almost all wheels and gamepads and most of them have a default profile. I'd recommend you calibrate the wheel via the calibration tool, its super simple. When you're ingame you can open the ""app menu"" by moving your mouse to the right. You can select many apps from that menu e.g tyre temperature, pedals, seat adjustmen, post proccess filters etc. You can adjust their position and lock most of them if you want them to stay in that postionFInal thoughts.I think that Assetto Corsa is one of the best racing sims out there. It has amazing physics, great graphics, powerfull force feedback and a solid AI. It still doesn't have a proper dynamic weather system, but I'm sure we're gonna see one someday. I hope you found this review helpful, if you did please like this review to let more ppl know.See you on the track!"
76561197977718302,Recommended,244210,8455479,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,13th,Best autosim ever!
76561197960379194,Recommended,244210,8556171,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Beasty,"This game reminded me of Live For Speed with the handling of the cars. Maybe not the very best in graphics at this early access stage but still great. If your after a real racing sim and not some arcade crap, this is a must."
,Recommended,244210,23092711,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,lol?,"Best car sim out there. Handling is spot on, and content is accurate. Lots of mods available... this is a driving sim done right.My only gripe is that there is no weather (rain for example) or night racing. Thankfully the good outweighs this bad ;)"
,Recommended,244210,22245937,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Toyota 4A-GE Twin-Cam,"My experience with assetto corsa so far:-Plays for 4 hours first time""wow this is amazing""-Discovers mods""bus GP simulator 2016?, yes!.""-16 hours10/10 best sim racing i've ever played"
76561197990636284,Recommended,244210,8011280,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Mr. Adams,"This game is so realistic and so satisfying that achieving your first clean flying lap will be a fist-pumping accomplishment. It's so good that it convinced me to buy a full wheel/pedal/shifter controller set, *for this game alone*.The track selection, despite being somewhat limited in early-release, lets you get a real taste of different racing styles. Classic 60's Monza, for white-knuckle high-speed straightaways. Tight, technical Magione will feel familiar to autocrossers. The drift circuit, for all the drift pigs to play on. And the sweeping curves and elevation changes at Vallelunga for the sheer joy of motoring."
76561198002921131,Recommended,244210,8023720,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,bird_dogg66,This will be in the list of top Racing Simulators offered in the immediate and ongoing future for quite some time. While this title will be fairly dependant on mods to fill it with content overall this will very much be in the 88 Meta Score range since the internal game elements are of very high quality.
76561198087798467,Recommended,244210,8850814,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Dingus Khan,"This game is pretty fun, There aren't that many tracks or cars yet and it is expensive for an early access. Its worth the money because there are frequent updates."
,Recommended,244210,9773620,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,turbomolli,One of best racing games ever and it's not even finished yet. Great handling and feeling. Worth of every penny!
76561197960468170,Recommended,244210,8767310,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,manta7,"Very impressive, owning an Elise, this is the first game I've played that actually captures the feeling of driving one. I'm using a G25 wheel and the feedback is just right.  Don't expect a console racer, this is pure sim and needs to be driven as such. All it needs now is multiplayer to round off an already great title. Great job Kunos!"
,Recommended,244210,7751774,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Winkie,"One of the best racing simulators I have ever played. Even though it is a simulator it still manages to be fun to muck around in. Make sure you have a good racing wheel for the best experiance, it is a simulator after all."
,Recommended,244210,8451222,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,♚ⓌⓐⓢⓏ☠,"good road feedback, excellent force feedback support, awesomely detailed cars and tracks.Can't wait for more tracks and some AI thrown into the mix;for now it's a driving simulator with very high standards!------------------update: AI has been added, more cars and tracks; excellent sim, was well worth the early purchase, we're not at release candidate status, meaning it's just bugfixing now.they added DK2 support (Oculus) which makes this the best racing sim on the planet (for now?), immersion is top notch, the details on the cars is insane, you can walk around the car, explore the cockpit and you really have the impression you are there!Even with the modest resolution of the DK2 (1920x1080) seeing the road and apex of the corners is very much doable, although a step up in resolution would really make this a killer software title for the Oculus Rift.can't wait for the official nurburgring nordschleife to be added, for now I'm using a converted track and just copied into the AC tracks folder, works wonders and very enjoyable!the AI can be tweaked with a simple 0-100% slider, they are clean racers and overall offer a good challenge for slower pilots like me, I'm pretty sure seasoned race veterans will leave the AI in the dust, but they offer enough challenge... much better than the AI in GT5 and Forza :)best sim/racer out on the PC? Yes sir!------------Update May 2015. Assetto Corsa is now past 1.0 release and it's still going strong; Career option has been added, giving it a good single player experience, although I still miss the ""garage"" of GT5 where miles are tracked and cars need maintenance (even minimal is fine) for top performance.Further more the Nurburgring is now completely inside the game, 20+km of glorious roads, although this update (and some nice extra cars) costs extra (DLC), worth the money? if you're invested in the game: sure; A must buy to enjoy AC? Not really.VR integration hasn't changed since release, still the same menu troubles and absent UI elements; a few hotkeys can be mapped to restart race, reset car. and since latest patch you need to tweak .ini files to get exposure working correctly (otherwise it's too bright); with DK2 using SweetFX to increase sharpness does a lot to get better immersion. Overall in combination with Virtual Deskop, AC with DK2 is very much playable"
,Recommended,244210,8749749,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Gen. Hospital.,"This is incredible! The bmw is a blast to drive, the ai is a tad bullish but nothing like (shift or project cars) they actually have a bit of survival instinct. The feel of each car is of its own and the gas pedal does bite on the high enders. But can be brought back into control under some light feathering. Finally something besides iracing that doesn't feel like plain ol line between slip and grip sims. you can go from slip back to grip with some refined pedal and wheel work! Just feels great! worth every penny. One early access you know will give back versus some developers that get their money and done. anticipated 10/10 if the community is their to support the multiplayer side of the game."
76561198080258114,Recommended,244210,8754955,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,j0sebox,brilliant game love the graphics and drifting components of the game.
76561198092836768,Recommended,244210,9136703,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,CLCraig,Just keeps getting better and better with regular updates big step up from my forza days
76561198012429380,Recommended,244210,9783122,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,tdblanchard13,Kunos has done an amazing job on Assetto Corsa. I have really enjoyed witnessing the development of this sim over the past few months. Would recommend to anyone.
76561198033156137,Recommended,244210,8015048,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Sandman,"This is an absolutely great driving sim for both the casual gamer and hardcore sim racer.  It works well with an Xbox 360 pad, but it's best with a decent wheel/pedal/shifter combo.  Buy it now in early access and have a very functional sim with only hotlap type features currently working but it will have a career mode and MP at release...it will also have a 22% higher pricetag."
76561198061159031,Recommended,244210,9121972,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,iiBetrayforAR,"The first lease candidate is excellent. Just excellent, best PC racing sim for those who came from Forza/Gran Turismo."
76561198119318602,Recommended,244210,8281087,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,KuBr0,"Written after RC 1.0.0Kudos to Kunos > This is the best racing sim I have ever played and I'm into this genre since MGPRS2. Amazing physics, tracks, graphics, playability (playing with an x1 controller), simply outclasses every other wannabe-sim, GJ guys, I would gladly pay the double for such a gem !I cant even describe how I feel about the game. You cant ""feel"" it from the screenshots or the videos. You have to play it by yourself to understand what rarity this game is. If you are into racing and like simulations, this is the best one to get, there's no doubt about it.What I love most about the game is to drive competitive on RSR, which is a mod for this game and is just ideal for hotlaping. The car handling is very rewarding and there is a thin line between ideal breaking and pushing and locking your brakes or slowing down too early and loosing a TON of time. I actually never played a more rewarding game then this one, the Delta function lets you know how fast you currently are compared to your best time and there is always room for improvement. To really master a corner (yea, believe me there's much more to it to be able to say that you've mastered a course :D ) it takes a lot of practice and every car acts differently.That's the other thing, the cars. Believe me, THIS game doesn't need 100+ cars. Every car feels different and you can really tell the difference between an F40 and any other car (of course with all the assists off). Some of the memorable experiences driving the cars in this game definitely include the F40, 458 GT2, Lotus 98T, La Ferrari, Mercedes SLS AMG, Pagani Huayra, KTM Xbow R and many more.The tracks, they are laser-scanned, what else is there to say? There's not much you could do any better, since they are like 1:1 copies to real life. Bumps and every uneven part, its there ... If you add the superb physics of this game (track conditions, tyres, tyre wear and temperature) you get the closest 1:1 experience currently available.Many moan about the graphics. I'm not much into this discussion because I still think that this game has way better graphics then pCars (in pCarsthe cars are just too shiny and the model is made brighter on purpose just to be ""shiny"", just have a close look in comparisons).My favorite comparison, you'd be the judge, just look at the corner drive through at 1mins03secs and watch the lightning and reflections:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CRMlL4fR180#t=65After 1.0.0 a lot changed and its really an eyecandy now, ofc. with the correct filter and on full graphics. I play it in 2K with DSR on and I can tell you I could do screenshots of this game till I'd run out of HDD space ...I'm giving this game 10/10 cause its the best in its class (simulation) and I haven't found another game which would give me such a feeling from driving a car. I'm simply amazed :)"
,Recommended,244210,13621398,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Portuga Miranda,Really nice car simulator !!!
76561197975715649,Recommended,244210,22014741,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,BSH,"Assetto Corsa does a lot of things brilliantly, but does fall short in a couple of aspects:Beautiful & Laser scanned tracks 10/10. Track atmosphere should feel more alive i.e. added crowds, cheering etc on race day.Accurately detailed cars 9/10.Sounds 7/10.Visuals 9/10.Good content and vast selection of both cars (street & race) and tracks 8/10. Ever expanding with well priced & free DLC's.Good FFP, physics & simulation aspect 7/10. Still missing some key elements such as simulated pits, car systems such as brake temps etc.AI still needs improvement, and the team is always fine tuning & updating their behaviour 6/10.Massive modding community, and lots of quality content to be had 8/10.Over all, and as a package, this is one of the most complete Sims on the market and it will consistently reward you for your driving efforts.If you are racing fan, and have a racing wheel, Assetto Corsa is a must.9/10."
76561198045103129,Recommended,244210,7760570,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Discman,"This is a game I was waiting for a long time and its finally out and better than I hoped.If you are looking for a lifelike handling car sim with up to date graphics and have a fairly up to date and powerful PC.This will blow your mind if you have reached that point where arcade-like games just aren't fulfiling.I recommend that you buy yourself a racing wheel to enjoy this game properly. It is very easy to drive with an XBOX360 controller asuming you have the right settings first.I would rate this game in the following aspects:Current Content  26/11/2013   : 4/10Full Release Content                 : 8/10/Future use (mods)                    : 8/10Graphics                                   : 8+/10Handling                                   : 9+/10My hardware :CPU : Intel ivy-bridge i5 3570K@3.4GHzRAM: 8GB DDR3GPU: nVidia GTX 660 Ti - Driver : 331.82Rez : Full HD 1080p@60HzOS  : MS Windows 7 Ultimate 64 Bit""My racing simulator"""
,Recommended,244210,8652069,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,ZoneSix,"If you're getting this game, I recommend you getting it with a force feedback racing wheel. It's just absolutely insane! :D"
76561197974768437,Recommended,244210,8594663,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,fuzzifikation,"This is, by a large margin, the best simulation I've had so far. Everything is realistic to a point where cars feel exactly as in real life. Drifting the 458 is just as difficult and with the same feeling as the real thing (I'm an automotive engineer).The preview is pretty much a full game. I completely recommend this."
76561198022117494,Recommended,244210,31301687,Posted: 22 April,all,space.lolo,"So i tested another car game.PROS.First of all, i have a gamepad (no room for a wheel, no room for a F1 seat, no room for pedals, no room for 3 screens).After 2 hours of configuration and testing, it is playable for powerfull RWD with stability controls at 80% and very tuned gamepad stuff. Playable means you can exit turns in full counter steering, metal to the pedal.EDITED : I play now all cars with stability controls OFF, ABS on, Traction control set to factory.Totally playable, enjoyable, with good chronos using gamepad. This game is a MUST HAVE for people who like racing.Amazing, this is the first game i achieve that on gamepad. Very good, a must have.PC Graphic engine is fine, run fast, do the job.Sounds are ok and do the job too.GUI is ok too, you can customize some stuff, good.Configurations are ok.Well done indeed.BALANCEDAfter that, the game is DLC land (cars and tracks). Ok, acceptable, i was aware.The front train grip seems to be poor and understeer a lot (i am not sure you can avoid understeering even with car tuning)CONSAnd, as usual, we finish by the ultimate failure at this stage (after half a day of testing).The multiplayer.Ok servers seems to have Minorating (good good)But the game online server screen is totally broken.As said, i play game pad, stability control at 80% (otherwise i cannot play with pleasure and will blast other people doing donuts).So how do you select servers with stability control ON ?By connecting to the server....How can you fail so easily after making 95% of the work fine?Ok may be there is tools / mods to achieve this somewhere, but guys, are you really serious?  You can filter compatible DLC but not assists?I should find a league, but i assume i will only found integrists playing wheels in a F1 cockpit + 12 pedals with assists OFF for everything (so i can't play)...Whatever i recommand, it's playable on gamepad."
76561198208128788,Recommended,244210,20301178,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,venancio.marques,"A true racing and drifting simulator, its awesome. Feels nice on the wheel, a bunch of very nice mods & very active.Laserscanned tracks! And a variation of realistic feeling cars!9/10 because the tracks could get some more details"
76561197972556712,Recommended,244210,10649992,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Agent Gorange,Probably the best racing game I've ever played. Recommended!
,Not Recommended,244210,14902947,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,The Mangu Maestro,"Game has a paulty selection of cars and tracks, menus feel undone and most of the game feels half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ I thought the game was unfinished and so i was withholding my review until the final product but the inclusion of 15$ dlc has me believe otherwise. The nurbergring is paid dlc btw"
,Recommended,244210,16298716,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Kurja,"I'm more a rally person. Ok I've grinded Gran Turismos on Playstations.. But on PC and sim racing, rally has been my no.1, thanks to Richard Burns Rally.Now I see myself enjoying more and more of driving on tarmac tracks. Driving Assetto Corsa. I've tried iRacing and pCARS etc. iRacing was good but I don't like monthly subscription system.. I guess it is worth it, but still, my gaming is seasonal.Back to AC. One reason for it is Ferrari F40. 90% of my playtime so far is trying to handle that beast. Really handle. Not to drive like my grandma. No more comments on that atm :DPS. This review is for players with decent wheel controller. I'm going to buy pedals with clutch soon.. Thanks F40 & AC.10/10"
,Recommended,244210,7624379,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,MR.GHOST,BEST PC SIM EVER GET THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥!
,Not Recommended,244210,14918317,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,TechnoMario,"Game is okay - controls and response from my controller seem sluggish and delayed, which makes it hard to play. My biggest complaint? The fact they just released a $15 DLC pack, and the main game itself has such a tiny collection of cars. on top of that, there is no menu music, the buttons don't clearly state what they are so you're kind of left guessing in some parts, and the controller support only works during a race and not for any of the menus! Why would I want to put my controller down and grab my mouse/keyboard for navigating the menu?In conclusion - game has a lot of potential, but come on AC team. Get your prirorities straight, and deliver us a good complete game before you go fishing for more DLC money..."
76561198050536947,Not Recommended,244210,15676636,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,saltpeanuts,"I love driving in this game. The physics are difficult but once you get over the learning curve it's very rewarding. The graphics are outstanding, as is the sound. But that's all this game has going for it.The career mode could not be more dull. It's a very simple, linear game. And since there are hardly any cars or tracks it gets repetitive. There is nothing to work for. No currency to buy cars, no ""tournaments"" that you can only enter by meeting certain qualifications, no licences. I'm not even sure why they call it a career mode. The experience of being a carrer racing driver is not there.Coming from console gaming, and in particular playing the Gran Turismo series, this game is a huge letdown. I am hoping somebody comes out with a decent sim eventually because there's not much to offer on PC right now."
,Recommended,244210,19590810,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Peter Miller,"Fantastic Racing Sim. Does need some getting use to with a controller but graphics, mechanics and models are incredible."
76561198158354158,Recommended,244210,17008212,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Nerissa,"This is simply ""the game"" for car simulation, so much passion visible in it! Absolutely recommended"
,Not Recommended,244210,16943050,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Joshi The Bear Jew,"Honestly i had so much hope for this Sim... the Problem is that its nothing more than a hot lap sim .... the Career mode sucks, no pit stops, no quali, the damage model is a joke, no night racing, no endurance (nothing more than 30 lap race), NO WEATHER and news that the game is going to be ported to console. The game isn't even ready on PC let alone porting it over to a console. Get a grip Such a shame because as i say it has got a lot of hope going for it. Why on earth they made DLC is madness in my eyes. Also there hasn't been a patch since April.... we are in July now. I pray to god they get there act together. At least the game isn't as bad as Project Cars. Its nowhere near as good as ISI or Reiza Studio games."
,Recommended,244210,13449811,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Metal,This is the game for you. It has THE best ffb and insane BIG moding community.
,Not Recommended,244210,14813881,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Knutz47,"Game is completely lacking in content: few cars and very, very few circuits.Their idea of a single-player campaign is so half-arsed they needn't have bothered putting it in.To make things even worse you have to reinstall your video drivers everytime you want to play. Otherwise you load into a black screen.I can't wait for Project Cars."
,Recommended,244210,29769141,Posted: 7 February,all,M96k3y,"OLD REVIEW :)////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////One of the most awesome games if you are straight into racing sim for drifting. Custom content and that means what? Endless fun :) Multiplayer works fine as long as you have a decent server and pc combined with a nice connection.A must get game if you got a wheel. Would not recommend with a keyboard tho.////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////21.06.2017////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////After 300+ hours i decided to update my review cause well i had to.Graphics : 8/10Gameplay : 9/10ishContent : Modded 11/10, Official 6/10The game is a blast! If your into racing, drifting, drag racing or what ever it may be this will not disapoint you. As much flaws as it has it still offers the best experiances possible in general. Theres well over 500 modded cars that you can get anywhere from facebook pages or anything else. (Seach for Mod Central 24/7 on facebook!). You have the ability to rent a server for really cheap (4-8€ per month for 16 slots or theres even better deals) or you can just host one since the game does not recuire any good hardware to run a server. You can race, drift and do all the other things in one place if you so wish. You can create your own tracks using race track builder or any other software (google for more info). You can modify each car switch out bumpers, engines and much more. It does take some knowlage and it has a learning curve. After 6 months of maily playing this game i must say this is the best gaming experiance ever :) As i said at start its a must get game but dont play it with keyboard mkay? keyboard is bad mmmkaay?GOOD WHEEL FOR STARTERS (g27,g29,TS) Peace :D"
76561198001637223,Not Recommended,244210,14896056,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,chantzzzzz,"Do you enjoy Forza? Looking for something similar, but that you can play on PC? Hoping to use an Xbox 360 controller or something similar because you don't have $300-$1000 of disposable income to buy on a racing wheel? Look elsewhere.I bought this because I have played all kinds of racing games over the years, but hadn't really found a good PC racing game. This looked like the answer, but after a little over a half an hour of skidding into walls while trying frantically to saw at the wheel in a vain attempt to regain control of my vehicle, I realized that this is not the game for me.Realistically, in the ""Requirements"" section, a racing wheel should be listed. If you're going to say that you support the Xbox 360 controller, then I shouldn't have to futz with the settings just to finally get it to a point where the most minute of movements doesn't have the driver spinning the wheel frantically from side to side. Honestly, this problem has been SOLVED. Turn 10 obviously is aiming almost exclusively for the 360 controller, but these developers basically just shoved in some nonsensical presets and called it a day. It appears to respond as it would to the analog input of a wheel, which is ridiculous. A wheel has wildly different affordances than a 360 controller, yet the default presets make the game unplayable with said controller.Not to mention the fact that the game crashed multiple times on me in various settings menus. I'm very disappointed with Assetto Corsa. As a racing fan, I was hoping that this would be the answer for my craving for a solid racing game to replace Forza. What I received was a buggy game that only appears to be enjoyable if you've got a racing wheel. Which is fine, but I wish I had known that *before* I dropped $60 on the game. Now, because there is no refund policy for games that you instantly regret buying, I get to look at this game resentfully in my library every time I open Steam.If you've got a pro racing setup already in your home and you're a racing sim veteran, then this review really isn't for you. However, if you, like I was previously, are looking for something to fill a Forza-sized hole in your PC library, look elsewhere."
,Not Recommended,244210,32753522,Posted: 24 June,all,Sam Rossi.,"i really feel bad for giving it a thumbdown, i madly love Assetto Corsa, but you when you don't have any DLC you are only able to join like 10 servers out of 300, and once you join a server you usually have only one or two cars max as options, UNLESS you pay 10 dollars (which is a price of a decent game on steam) for each DLC and the DLC contains only few cars, this is really ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t guys if you want badly to become that rich stop making video games and go sell cocaine."
76561198004177439,Recommended,244210,8132553,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Ow_My_Bawlz,"I can finally get rid of my 360.  I have found the replacment for Forza.  Great graphics and VERY realistic.  If they can put together a good car roster and track list in the full game, this will be among the best racing sims available."
76561198004795356,Recommended,244210,24387688,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,The Last Soviet Experiment,Best enjoyed with a VR headset
,Recommended,244210,8579817,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Pr0file,"My computer is under the minimun requirements (AMD Athlon II X2 255, 4Gb RAM and an Asus HD 5450 1Gb) and I've got a 90º wheel from Trust.After getting and testing the non-steam version of the 0.2 pre release and seeing that I can run the game at playable FPS (~30 @1280x720) I couln'd wait to play the 0.3 version. The release day for the 0.3 passed and I was checking so many times a day to see if there was a non-steam version of the 0.3 alvailable.After 3 or 4 days I couldn't wait anymore and bought the game on steam. 11/10 would buy again. My next move is going to be a Driving Force GT.Can't wait for what is to come - AI, Multiplayer, Asian and American Cars and new tracks. Keep it up Kunos!"
76561197999675951,Recommended,244210,25399261,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Error,"Continues to amaze me everytime, never gets boring!!"
76561198079067984,Recommended,244210,13553010,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Kii-LamChow,"Hands down my favourite racing sim on the market. The only bad thing I can think of about this game is that the sounds are not up there with the likes of Raceroom Racing Experience. But then again not a lot is. The physics are really good imo however some people do not seem to think so. Also the FFB is really nice and gives you a good sense of how the car behaves and where the limit is. It is a highly moddable game with hundreds of mods already available from early access. I would highly reccomend this game to any with a keen eye on racing. You do not have to have a racing wheel to play this game but I would strongly suggest you invest as it is a comepletely different experince and one that is worth the money that it costs. So overall, go purchase this game right now."
76561198022061473,Recommended,244210,7750785,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,kym,"I have them all, every racing simulator on the PC, PS3 and XBox.  Even without AI or racing online, in this early stage for the simulator it is the best.This is the most immersive and realistic feeling simulator I have driven using my Fanatec CSR Elite and Pedals.If I had all day I'd write a detailed review but for now, all I can say is get it or you're missing out on a whole lot of fun and the best racing simulator about with Project CARS a close second.Apart from the fantastic driving experience, I love the fact I can dial down the frame rate and have my GPU running at 38 degrees centigrade vs. 78-82 degrees centigrade in some other racing simulators while the graphics remain as good as any other simulator."
76561198013023050,Recommended,244210,8114537,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,predator,could be the greatest sim of all time provided multiplayer comes up to scratch!!!!!!
,Recommended,244210,7606264,"Posted: 8 November, 2013",all,GoProLopez,"Really good racing game, definitely the future of simracing, shining graphics, better handling and uh oh! Modding! :D lets get down to the track people!"
76561197992751912,Recommended,244210,8165033,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Fracco,"This game is fantastic!! Great simulation, great feeling with the car.. The price is good compared with other titles. There are regular patches and new content every two weeks! Must buy if you love racing cars simulators!!"
,Recommended,244210,8493425,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Sniper Siberiano,Amazing game
76561197972298504,Recommended,244210,13597567,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Nug,"A great sim with a deep understanding of the underlying physics that effect handling and weight transfer of anything with four wheels.Perhaps its slightly too clinical in its approach - a consquence of which makes some of the slower road cars lose their sense of speed a little, but overall a this is a minor critisism to what is an overall a finely balanced racing sim that is a joy to drive, even with the track to yourself.9/10"
,Recommended,244210,7719191,"Posted: 22 November, 2013",all,BL/R_SN | Wintermute,"Nice realistic feel physics (including drift), very high system requirements (I can't play on high settings), not much cars, no JDM at all, not much tracks.A good try. Can be a very good sim at the end of the day.If you're a sim fan - worth getting early excess. If you're more like Grid fan - wait for official release."
76561198024270997,Recommended,244210,12539546,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,loupfu,"V1 just released :- awesome physics (maybe the best of all time), you really feel the four tyres on road with an extremely realistic behavior- great graphics with sumptuous effects, and finally rather well optimized (except when you set the ""refresh reflects"" option at high level)- gorgeous and brutal sound (24cars on the track is a symphony !)- online works rather well- mods (waiting for Workshop !)- really cheap !- now you understand why Project CARS is delayed..."
76561197968518546,Recommended,244210,7776089,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Mr.Gratuitous,"So far so good, game feels great. A little light on features with this early build but more promised to come with fornightly updates."
76561198104948703,Recommended,244210,9249280,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Jan Stepanek,"Best racing sim I've ever played in my life. I was a Live For Speed fan for a long time and I am an active hillclimb race driver. AC has even better tyre physics than LFS, way better graphics and licensed cars and tracks. The possibility to create your own tracks and cars and adding them to the game wil make it the best racing sim you can get... Can't wait for the final version of the game."
,Recommended,244210,9365847,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Gresom,Great racing sim. A steering wheel is highly recommended. Joypad users won't expience the amazing physics and feedback.
76561198017868372,Recommended,244210,10164493,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Ales,"Hands down best racing simulation I've had. And it keeps getting better. It seems really hard at the beginning but if you commit to it, practice it becomes really rewording to make a perfect lap."
76561198073438120,Recommended,244210,9391573,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Craig,Better than Forza 5 on Xbox One and Gran Turismo 6 on the PS3 and this games not even finished yet.Highly recommend this game.
,Recommended,244210,9353322,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,ags317,TURN OFF THE ASSISTS
76561198147042262,Recommended,244210,13911461,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Fairbanks,"Assetto Corsa is a game for sim racing and fun racing enthusiasts alike. While a representative of neither niche is going to be fully content with the state the game is currently in, the developers work hard on giving the player the best possible physical behaviour of the cars they implement. So far, they have acquired licenses for various brands of makers of road, sports and race cars, a more sophisticated ruleset for races and management tools for server administrators are still somewhat lackluster, but in the works. What this game can definitely deliver: Beautiful graphics, realistic physics, and an absolutely awesome modding community which helps to make the game feel more complete. The developers take kindly to creative approach and sometimes even include the work of the community in their game."
,Recommended,244210,8486482,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,silvernome,"Even in its early stages, this game is A LOT of fun. A great sim racer with a lot of potential. Heck, finally caved and bought a Logitech G27 racing wheel just to play this game."
,Recommended,244210,8568177,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Mr Deap,Most accurate steering handling I've seen in a racing game so far.
,Recommended,244210,8570875,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,DocKY,"Truly amazing sim. I had big expectations and i'm not disappointed. If they don't mess up with multiplayer i'ts gonna be an ultimate sim for PC. Main competitor - iRacing is great, no doubt about that, but in AC cars seems to me much more alive and you can really feel each car's characteristics, FFB is best i ever experienced. Kunos got alot of work ahead but they definitely going into right direction.If you are into real sims, this on is no brainer."
,Recommended,244210,8723122,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,NotTheStig,"I would highly reccomend this game. It has been a suitable replacement for rFactor and iRacing.  The car list is a little short at the moment, but don't let that turn you down, because the few cars in here a very good cars.  The sounds are great, the driving dynamics are great as well, and the customizable UI is revolutionary, becuase you can have it set to exactly how you want it. The only thing I can think of that it needs is so more street cars instead of having it be all race cars, and the skid force on force feedback could also be worked on. Overall, well worth the $40 dollars instead of paying monthly afor iRacing and having to pay for individual cars and tracks."
76561198042871943,Recommended,244210,8886584,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,johncsantos1958,assetto corsa was well worth the wait.  jcbowling
76561197971465404,Recommended,244210,9369272,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Chip Fosse ✔,Gogogo e noobkes xd ;)
76561198046553270,Recommended,244210,9380197,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Porter1937,"This game is awesome, though still in the beta stage it is brilliant, the graphics and gameplay are brilliant and the AI is very aggressive keeping you on your guard all the time, I would urge anyone who likes Car sims to take advantage of the early access price offer as I can see this game being a lot pricier when it is final, not a lot to it yet but what there is tons better than anything I've played in the past"
,Recommended,244210,9381280,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Anhur,This is THE only review you'll need to see before you throw money at your screen:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xLiaexaKZzU
76561197972398393,Recommended,244210,9391794,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Crispy_T,One of the most faithful simulations I have played since the SimBin glory days!
76561198050099692,Recommended,244210,9391919,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,bogn11,"Real simulator, Really hard ay first but still wanting to get better. Looking forward to the actual release"
,Recommended,244210,9393257,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Cool Guy',"Only in early access so far but basically complete in the simulation aspects. Destined to be the best racing simulator going forward, A++++++ L@@K"
,Recommended,244210,10047935,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,raimundo,"Best simulator I've tried. Own Race 07 / GTR Evo / LFS / rFactor, as I am a petrol head, and although its true I've driven none of the vehicles included, driving feels ok and what we expect these cars to behave.Menus are ok, I play with minimum detail with maximum filters (AA FSAA AF), and have always 60+ FPS with Phenom II x4 965, 8GB 1600Mhz and outdated HD 5770."
76561198095533334,Recommended,244210,10055403,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,BNP THATS ME,Expensive for an Early Access Game but it is f***ing fantastic!
,Recommended,244210,10160394,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,sYKo,Best sim racing game!
76561197993182629,Recommended,244210,10179036,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,creamjet,One of the best racing simulators and its only in beta! Multiplayer is great if you can find a clean league.
,Recommended,244210,10418454,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,elDinosauro,"Been playing this game whenever I have time, I bought this little 10 dollar mini foldable controller and have been playing this game for weeks now. I originally bought it earlier this year but had forgotten about it(lol), I would recommend this game to anyone who is into car physics, great resolution, and competitiveness. Could use a few patches here and there but it's in alpha state, I say this game will be close to flawless once launch hits."
76561198076727241,Recommended,244210,11670646,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,wdqsantos,"Best racing sim i've ever played on PC.Few things i really like. The slow motion when watching the replay, the FFB on my G25 and 27 feels like the car is on the road and not floating unlike other racing sims. Graphics and engine sounds are good as well.Only thing is that this game has few cars and tracks at the moment.Cant wait to play the complete ver of this game."
76561197970719813,Recommended,244210,14899545,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,horsky,simply the best........
,Recommended,244210,9368651,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Commodore te-he,"For being a early access this game is amazing and shows a lot of potential, It is by far one of the best racing Sim/game I've played, and It has even made me want to buy a steering wheel, I would recommend this to any racing sim junkie or even a casual racing game player."
76561198008593503,Recommended,244210,7756061,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,O Espetacular Jiraya,This simultor is awesome.we feel greatfull the car on our hands. The Sounds are amazing. Graphics wonderfull.
,Recommended,244210,7634918,"Posted: 11 November, 2013",all,Hanzales,"Must Have! You like racing? Must Have! You have a wheel? Must Have!Try AC Tech Preview and imagine how it must feel with more powerful cars. Yes, it's that perfect. Even the same Lotus (more HP) is much more fun to drive.This is my numero uno from the moment I've tried couple of laps and couple of tracks. Go Kunos, GO! ;o)"
76561198044122358,Recommended,244210,9239983,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,POWERSLIDEPOWERSLIDE(ياحبيبي),9/10 Would lose control and crash into wall again.
,Recommended,244210,13587744,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Kristi,"I purchased it the day Early Access was out, hence the years of waiting after NetKar PRO got my attention. After more than a year of playing it, I can say it was well worth the money."
76561197971539421,Recommended,244210,12545964,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Mark Race,"Superb racing simulation.  Playing the first 4 hours of the newly released career I was unable to put this game down.  I feel as if I have just driven 4 hours on a real track.  The steering feel and weight are perfect, the feeback through the wheel means you can push the cars to find the limit just as you would in real life.  There is no need to use the 'dotted racing line' on screen as you can feel the cars through the corners.  In the front wheel drive cars understeer is telegraphed and easy to feel as you reach the limit of grip.  More impressively oversteer in cars like the E90 M3 starts with a slight pull on the wheel in opposite to the direction of travel - an excellent simulation of the yaw effect which gives you plenty of warning to react and correct.A simulation as close to reality as I've experienced, the cars feel properly hooked up to the track.  Well worth the money.Updated for the Steam Awards, Assetto Corsa deserves a shot in the Test of Time category because here is a game from 2014 that even today gets plenty of play time.  They've continued to improve the game and it remains a gem on the pc.VR support is also superb in this game, try the latest Porsche 919 for the full effect, incredible."
,Recommended,244210,14971405,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Guy[NL],"Just bought this game and after playing for few hours,Its Awesome!If you like games like Rfactor Iracing and other Racing Simulation's.You will have a blast, and with mod support it can be a game to play for years if it all goes well.And if the devs keep supporting and updating the game.Finaly a PC Race game that has nice laserscanned-tracks, and good FFB exept Iracing with is to expensive if you want it all.The physics are very well done and you can feel the track grip verry good.And a big plus it the cockpit view that you can adjust on the go!It looks verry natural and with a higher res than 1920* it will look awesome.The car collection is not as big as in some other games but make up for it in quallity.And there are aready some good cars and tracks to download as mods.more DLC's still coming,So overall im very pleased with the game, and hope content will continu to grow.If you like sim racing games you must have this one in your collection!"
,Recommended,244210,15851728,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,PedroPoutre,dis thiz a graet gaem butt no botmil-botman
,Recommended,244210,12663776,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,JoeViiZaa,"Brilliant sim.Its only getting better in my opinion, with more tracks and cars being released all the time.There are a few flaws though, like the Career mode, Force feedback and the online multiplayer (Although that is still in beta.)There is no 'Host' multiplayer button in game on assetto corsa, you have to run your own dedicated server which can be a pain with some routers. Dedicated servers are really good, but i would like to be able to play in private servers with my friends so we dont have to race against people who are likely to hit you off etc.The career mode is in my opinion pretty poor. Its just like a challenge mode, there is no type of series or championships like you would get on other games. There are just time trails, 5 lap races on different tracks with different cars but its really boring and i dont get any sense of achievement even when i do get the gold medal. Im hoping for an improvement so i can play single player, and actually enjoy it!The FFB is okay, its improving but there can be some dodgy moments where you feel like the car is stepping out on you, but it is not and when you go to correct the car, it simply spins the other way. I dont know if thats just with the DFGT Wheel but it certainly can be annoying.However, driving on this game is brilliant. The cars all feel different to eachother, the graphics in the cockpits look real, you can even change your on board settings to fit the 1st person view to where you are comfertable. When you get your wheel settings right, there is literally 0 input lag, so when you move your wheel, it moves in sync with the onscreen wheel perfectly giving you more precise controls with the car.It has a selection of amazing tracks, like Silverstone, Spa, Nurburgring, Imola and you can also add mods to your game which expands the variety even more. The more i play the game, the more i like it and with future DLCs and more mods i can only see the game going forwards."
76561198084294175,Recommended,244210,26594598,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,evan,"Your racing down the road when you see a corner. Your like yes. A chance do do a cool drift. And then at that moment you knew..... YOU MESSED UP!!!!!!. Asseto corsa is a game were you race. But not only that you can drift and also do missions and other things that I never rember(I never try them). This game is also mutiplayer which is really nice to get those tandoms:). Also this game has very good wheel support. And let me tell you. Having a wheel in this game is like having food. Not saying that you have to have a wheel to play but it helps. Also there are mods. Sadly no steam workshop but there are still mods. I do recomed this game to people who like playing with friends, drifting, and just driving in genral. So what are you wating for? GET DRIFTING!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198046615436,Recommended,244210,27852385,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Moisty,"Want a racing SIMULATOR, you will not be disappointed(even DLC's are worth it)"
76561198072339597,Recommended,244210,24221654,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,skiptor,"I'm starting to love this game, though you need to put some work into it (both in terms of driving and setup). Here is a 4 step guide to get you started:1. Run the LUT Generator to (vastly) improve force feedback and then check for clipping.2. Set pre-rendered frames to 1 in nvidia's profile inspector to get rid of the steering lag (if you have any). Tweak some settings while you're there.3. Install Bridgehampton and Caterham Academy.4. Lean back and enjoy. Wait, I mean, DRIVE DRIVE DRIVE!"
76561197967989556,Recommended,244210,8155014,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Zophos,Awesome physics and great graphics.
,Recommended,244210,10567470,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Tin31086,"I only have a few hours in so far, and it's still in Early Access, but i have nothing but great things to say about Assetto Corsa. I have put thousands of hours into the Gran Turismo games, and i was hesitant to start playing a new racing game. But with a new computer build i felt like i had to try it out. This game is great, great customization of the controls, especially with the steering wheel, i have a Logitech Driving Force GT, and i can customize everything about the wheel, making it feel very realistic"
76561198043356098,Recommended,244210,32959061,Posted: 28 June,all,RAV3N,"Back in 2013, it was the best ""track days"" simulation. (Track days due to lack of endurance racecars, but strong presense of sport coupes). I think I bought it largely because of the F40 rrari, and the 458 GT2 which was featuring on the AC logo back then in 2013, (although it wasn't even in the game, but appeared at least a year later). It literally destroyed the competition around my sphere of influence, which affected my friend's GranTurismo days for PS3 at the time. I loved the DLC packs for AssettoCorsa as well, got the F1 GTR.DLC satisfaction factor:(10/10)GFX satisfaction factor:(7/10)The Graphics are nice, but a bit outdated by 2017's standards I have to say. It's sort of on a similar plane to iRacing gfx quality.SFX satisfaction factor:(6/10)Sounds are okay, but only better than GT, and worse than Forza series and Project Cars. (Project Cars is the better choice for SFX out of all sims except iRacing, which is THE best for SFX quality).Physics satisfaction factor:(6/10)I like the challenge AC brings - sure, it's been worse before the updates - a bit of frustration trying to drive fast. I have driven a fast track car on a circuit too, but this in real life, not Assetto Corsa. I will say that Assetto Corsa physics are overly-exaggerated. Pre-update physics were even worse. Taking cars for a spin on the track in real life, I always felt the trend that race-spec cars are very easy drivers - they are easier to drive than cheap cars, as they have been modified enough to be safe driven hard on the tarmac. In this regard, the Physics in AC is a bit of an immersion killer.Final Verdict: 73/100 (Good)"
76561198050320641,Recommended,244210,32847764,Posted: 27 June,all,painter,One of the best
76561198063775639,Recommended,244210,7604942,"Posted: 8 November, 2013",all,Jacob (Zwegat <3),"man, this game is just awesome ! Never felt such a good handling."
76561198164587772,Recommended,244210,13926433,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Pike,very good!
,Recommended,244210,27761230,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Pr0Wolf29,"This is a really great racing game. The cars feel like cars, or at least as close as a game can get. They handle as a real car would, the way they shift, and RPMs hit is bang on. This is almost as fun as actually tearing around in my actual car.However, this is not a game for causuals. It's difficult, especially if you're only using a gamepad like I am. Handling this realistic without actually being in the car is hard to manage. You can't feel all the minor bumps, and the G-force, and the wind like a real car. You feel like you're driving an actual car, but disconnected."
76561198048406101,Recommended,244210,32971390,Posted: 28 June,all,Found Dory,"Good, but needs more mundane track cars imo"
76561198033796388,Recommended,244210,26279840,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Filipe1020,"I've bought this game when it first launched, at first I was unsure, it had an awful optimization, a very small car selection, a few tracks and it handled horribly with a controller, but now after the updates they've made with time, it's one of the best racing simulators I ever played, the cars feels on point, it's really satisfying when you nail a corner, the sounds are amazing, the optimization is miles better now, looks great and it's not that perfomance heavy either, and you can have tons of fun if you get some DLC too which is also fairly cheap compared to some of the competitors (I only got the japanese one because AE86)So yes, I highly recommend it, only if you really like realistic racing."
76561198015897236,Recommended,244210,11501689,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Maverick,I will call this a simulator and not a game as the cars drive very much like real cars. the graphics are fantastic and so is the performance. I also like the fact that it is in development as there are new items and updates added at least every 2 weeks if not 1 week.If you like driving real cars that are exspenive exotic type then buy this simulator.
76561198039132647,Recommended,244210,20102036,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,98koukicrisp,I moved to Assetto Corsa from rFactor. What a great move. I love this game and play it everyday I have a day off.
,Recommended,244210,20058604,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,JDS_mirai,"Drifting or failing at it has never been more fun. It will take me a few more hours yet!Forget whatever drift techniques you've learned from 'arcadey' racers like GRID and The Crew etc.Playing this game made me have to learn the real life way to drift, and msde me appreciate real car handling and motorsport in general.10/10.Would drift into tree again."
,Recommended,244210,9368105,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,A Frisky Garbage Can,This is the best driving simulator I have played in a long time. The cars feel absolutely amazing and true! To fully enjoy this game a wheel is a definite must. The force feedback is spot on and doesn't feel off or awkward at all. I'm using a Logitech Driving Force GT and it works perfectly after manually mapping the controls in the settings menu.
76561197960969850,Recommended,244210,8140221,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Agony,This is amazing simulatorLaser scan tracksAmazing soundTrue to life physicsReal cars great selectionWonderful FFBVery nice graphicsGreat supportThis is the BEST sim by FAR
,Recommended,244210,25173596,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,乡 K1L0,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing awesomePaired with G29 and Shifting gears+handbrakeI can do whatever I wantThanks kunos for RM83It worth so much++++++++++++++
76561197970531573,Recommended,244210,8524548,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Boston Stranglah,Nice
76561197966219537,Recommended,244210,20180070,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,GioDeR,One of the best sims I have ever played.  Great details and exciting cars.
,Recommended,244210,8429473,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,MaxJDS,"If you want a game on PC that is similar to GT or Forza, then this is a must buy. You get a great feeling of speed and the handeling isn't arcadey or too technical. It's spot on."
,Recommended,244210,10636515,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,JamerNL,"Very realistic game with beautiful graphics, not your every day ''race'' sim but the real deal, can't wait for the developers to add more cars."
76561198264862991,Recommended,244210,24928091,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Moist God,"One of, if not the best and most accessible racing sims on the market due to it's stellar physics, comprehensive car and track list, superb modding community and countinous updates and support. My only complaints are of the mostly empty  mulitplayer, though this may be due to thew fact I perfer to play singleplayer only. If you are like me and have a vested intrest in cars or wish to get into sim racing AC is the perfect game for you and now is an exellent time to start as 2016 loooks to be the game's biggest year development and content wise and with support like that I'm bound to enjoy this game for years to come."
,Recommended,244210,25090658,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Rainey,Assetto Corsa is my go-to racing simulation for some casual driving and drifting with realistic physics.  Rather than a racing title I prefer to consider it my driving simulation sandbox with all of the fantastic mod cars and tracks.
,Recommended,244210,26884097,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,mahnameisjerik0,You looking for a racing simulator?? Look no further!
76561198001444388,Recommended,244210,33663513,Posted: 19 July,all,LL Cool Boats,Like Skyrim with cars!
,Recommended,244210,24332598,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Atyne,"pros: the best road car and the best drift simulation on the market, but it doesn't end with road cars and drift cars (you've got GT, Prototype, Formula etc.), laser scanned tracks, tons of mods and plugins, regular updates, simple user interface, great community, both casual and serious multiplayer (booking possibility), car tuning and much much morecons: audiovisuals could be better, you need real head motion plugin othervise camera is awful, lot of missing details like when playing with gamepad when you press handbrake clutch should automatically be pressed as well, missing clutch button option, but not a big deal since you should play it with steering wheel:) transmission model could be better, low speed physics etc.conclusion: if you want simulation with road cars, or drift, AC is for you, if not, maybe look for iracing, if iracing is too hardcore or you don't have money to pay for licence AC is for you regardless :D if even AC is hardcore for you, go with Forza or Gran Turismo, just don't buy Project CARS that's piece of sh*t :D"
,Recommended,244210,24657900,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Zupa,Great community ◕‿◕Game 1000/10
,Recommended,244210,27737064,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Capzor,"Holy guacamole.Nothing quite gives you the excitement, sweaty palms and pounding heart like racing cars from the early 80s with screaming turbos, well over 1000 horsepower, rubbish brakes and ZERO traction control or anti-lock braking, side by side online with other players at WAY over 350km/h, both trying desperately not to crash, yet aggressively pushing as hard as possible to take that checkered flag.Assetto Corsa nails it. World class simulation, if you're a wimp, I'd like to say look elsewhere.But I can't.You can also have a great time cruising with beatifully modelled and simulated modern road vehicles on laser scanned tracks  with your friends.The VR support is incredible. Assetto Corsa is my go-to app to show off what VR can do.Nothing beats it.Buckle up 0.0"
76561197980330065,Recommended,244210,8333504,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,SKiD,"If you are into Sim Racing at all .. you have to give this game a try! I am a big supporter of Project Cars and have been for some time, and really enjoy that game ..but in AC the cars feeling and sounds are just incredible!!! I was very very surprised after running a few laps and haven't been able to stay away from it since. With a wheel and pedals you won't be disappointed. AC is a must have for the Sim Racing fan."
,Recommended,244210,24455503,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,alex,"Playing this with an Oculus Rift DK2 and a Thrustmaster TX wheel.This is a really thoughtful, polished, restrained car sim. No, there aren't a ton of tracks. But the ones I've tried so far are fantastic. There aren't a billion cars, but every one I've tried feels exactly right, looks great, and they're extremely diverse. You can drive Niki Lauda's Ferrari 312T around the Nurburgring. And it'll feel like it.They're still making major improvements, too. Like, brand new race AI? Brand new tire model? Sure! Makes an excellent tarmac companion to Dirt Rally. Much, much,muchmore enjoyable and of consistently high quality than Project CARS."
76561198016882199,Recommended,244210,30713175,Posted: 24 March,all,Hello Clitty,"This is that special game in my library that I usually download first after a clean Steam install, is always on my hard-drive without exception, and is the first thing I reach for most nights after work when I'm coming home to unwind.On the arcade/simulation spectrum, Assetto Corsa is almost exclusively simulation. There are almost no arcade elements, so your enjoyment of this title is likely to depend on what you are looking for specifically. I feel like AC is really best suited to the time trial driver, rather than competitive racer, though competitive racing online or in career mode are options too. Still, I would say that this is best for OCD maniac who is trying to lose 500ms off his or her best time, on a course that's been driven a thousand times with the same car.The attention to detail in the cars and tracks is extraordinary, as are the physics. Turning the settings to 'Pro' will probably create the most authentic experience that you can get shy of the real thing, especially if you have a force-feedback racing wheel and VR setup (I don't personally but only because I don't want 100 cables strewn across my living room floor). For those who have a setup like that, the only thing you would be missing are the G-forces, but otherwise your mind will make it real in the Matrix.There aren't enough good things to say about this game, and the Devs who make it."
76561198314481437,Recommended,244210,35221646,Posted: 26 September,all,randygareth,"Why Assetto Corsa is worth $100,000:Wierd Little Quirks and Features:.DLC cars are shown in the car selection menu even if you haven't bought them (Takes you to the store page if selected)..Somehow the community is divided on wether or not this is playable with a controller.GET THE DAMN JAPANESE PACK ALREADYAnd now onto the Doug Score:+ Awesome physics for the majority of the cars (There are a few bad eggs).+ Graphics can look medicore to really good+ Plenty of great tracks to choose from+ Great selection of both road and race cars+ I found it to be very playable with a controller, atleast in single player modes- No real wether effects or night driving- Missing some really iconic tracks (e.g. Mazda Laguna Seca) that really would have been appreciated- Damage modelling is almost not existent in this game- Cars are nearly indestructible- Cannot assign clutch to a button, which is needed to use clutch on controller"
76561198343825966,Recommended,244210,35239247,Posted: 27 September,all,Mrrwparagon,assetto corsa the game just gets  better no weak points great cars never boring very replayable i have liked  it  from the start you only have to try it . top of its class  very well done.
,Recommended,244210,35232473,Posted: 26 September,all,fishmahn,best racing sim
76561197991456706,Recommended,244210,35041168,Posted: 18 September,all,SovietSparta,"Great force feedback and physics, a great selection of cars, lots of mods.The default game still needs more tracks (you can use mods to compensate) but other than that, a very enjoyable sim !SRS for Assetto Corsa is also a good alternative to emulate iRacing multiplayer system.Not the most realistic sim (rF2), but a far more enjoyable and complete package that can be enjoyed on a daily basis."
,Recommended,244210,34908042,Posted: 12 September,all,Sofatrix,This is the first driving game that I have tried all the cars and Nordschleife Endurance is the best track to drive them on and since buying the game in the sales I have bought all dlc this game is real value for money even at full price.ConsNeeds more tracks.
76561198006720093,Recommended,244210,9365845,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,ThePinkus,"If You like driving sim, by all means do Yourself a favour and by this game!If You enjoy driving games, even if not sims, for the sake of driving, be it Need for Speed Shift, Grid, Dirt, F1 201x, WRC, Raceroom, again do Yoursel a favor and taste Assetto Corsa.Do not be afraid of the ""sim"" label, in Assetto Corsa it does not mean gratuitously difficult, it means feeling a realike car while You drive it -- it makes sense, it feels natural, it helps You drive better!I'll state it plain and simple......the only reason You should not buy Assetto Corsa, is You don't like driving."
76561198142464770,Recommended,244210,27429204,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,T_WRX,"After almost 300 hours i still come back to it, my first steam game and the reason i came to pc gaming. What can i say this game is fantastic. Starting from early acess and is still being updated reguarly. Not for the faint hearted however, this is a hardcore sim."
,Recommended,244210,31639180,Posted: 8 May,all,spoopy quils,Needs more Lexus LFA.Still a great game.
,Recommended,244210,31635442,Posted: 8 May,all,Larry,"Simply the single best racing sim on the market. Constantly updated. Great graphics. Great physics. Supported by a vivid modding community that delivers real quality. A fair pricing model with a great selection of cars and tracks. I started with Gran Turismo 1 twenty years ago and this is the pinnacle of racing games for me until now. I couldn't find a thing to complain about,"
,Recommended,244210,11137520,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Gooby,"I must say this game shows a lot of potential! Currently at this stage of development there is a lot of room to improve. There is still a lot of bugs and glitches but I'm sure that will be tackled easily through out the development. Tips to you guys: Get the game now but experience some bugs, get the game later, but pay more for it."
,Recommended,244210,12588321,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Ralgha,"Assetto Corsa offers an outstanding and unforgettable experience in the Oculus Rift DK2.  VR is the future of sim racing and if you have a VR+wheel+pedals setup you'd be crazy to not own AC.  Aside from its VR support, it's still quite solid in other areas.  Graphics, physics, sound, and UI are all good.  Multiplayer support is fair but improving.  Car modeling is very good on all fronts, especially the interior modeling.  Support for third-party content is excellent.  Even just one of the best third-party tracks is worth the (quite modest) purchase price of AC alone.  Seek out those tracks and you will be handsomely rewarded!"
76561198075467929,Recommended,244210,10891237,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Typhomat,"To really find enjoyment in this game, you have to like racing games, and preferably own a wheel. I, unfortuantly, do not own a wheel, so this review comes from a gamepad standpoint.Overall, this game is brilliant. There isn't a better way to put it, and to get it for $20 was even better. I really appreciate the level of detail in each car, and each track. Driving them though can be annoying and not too entertaining. Get everything right though, and it's a memorable experience.The controls are the biggest drawback here. Like I said above, unless you own a wheel, you are not going to have a great time. I spent quite a bit of time just tweaking settings trying to get everything to an acceptable level. Even now I am not thrilled with the control layout and feel I currently have.Back to the cars, and the game. The menu can be a bit confusing at start, and the depht of cars isn't great. Tracks suffer the same thing too. The cars though are models very well, although I cannot comment on the accuracy of the physics models behind each one.If you are looking for a good racing game, Assetto Corsa is one that has a lot of potential, but don't expect to be immediatlly thrilled by it. It takes time, and a lot of tweaking, to really make the most out of this game. Once you get past that though, there is a lot of fun to be had."
,Recommended,244210,12297028,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Kira,"This is an okay game. It could use a better SDK and the ability for players to modify already released cars so that they can drive them with different specs from the default, but otherwise, this is an okay racing game. It needs some music, and has some twitchy controls with steering wheels, but supports practically all steering wheels even the driving force GT steering wheel.-- Content Creation --If you are like me and into content creation. You can make your own tracks using the Assetto Corsa track, make car retextures, create a custom car based on the Formula K car that Assetto Corsa comes with and more. I've only done the car retextures and gotten tracks that other modders have made. This helps to make this among the best racing games out there in my opinion. Especially since there are a lot of modders out there trying to make content for this game.-- Steering wheel controller --Works mostly with the Logitech G27 steering wheel, but the steering wheel's shift indicator doesn't work... (( Look below for solution to this )) It's okay, though kind of takes away from the feel of the game for me. The game with this steering wheel will shift in such a way that allows you to use the manual shifter (H-pattern) when in a car that has an H-pattern shifter, otherwise you're restricted to the paddle shifters for those cars that have that. I prefer the H-Pattern shifter, but there many cars in the game that don't use that shifter.-- Other issues --Currently no career mode, and when its added hopefully it won't force people to drive all manner of cars...Currently some cars are very twitchy if you accelerate oddly quick. This is mostly something from the high horsepower cars.-- Solutions to problems above --* Steering wheel issue with G27 and no LEDs use. Download FanaLEDs program, In FanaLEDs program do File - Open Settings, open Global, change revledtype to 1, then save, close FanaLEDs and reopen it. Now you can set up the RPM percentage you want to start counting at, for me this is 60%. And it will count up each LED on the steering wheel until about 500 RPMs before red line and at red line it will start flashing the LEDs to indicate that you need to shift up. I love Assetto Corsa now that this feature works, maybe they will make it so we don't need to use FanaLEDs to get this to work in the future.*** UPDATE as of Release Candidate 1.0.1 ***The game's cars don't act like the real world cars anymore. In particular, the production car ones. They feel too twitchy and act more like what you'd expect on an arcade game instead of being something like you'd get on a driving simulator game like GT5. Hopefully, they'll fix this for the actual release."
76561198038545970,Recommended,244210,12326118,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Powerz,"If you like cars, you have to have this game"
,Recommended,244210,12446314,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Lucky Luke,The real deal.
,Recommended,244210,8971423,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Expert Button Presser,"I'm new to actual racing sims, having only played Forza 4 and F1 2012. I don't have a steering wheel and pedal set. I play Assetto Corsa with a PS3 gamepad.The game is early access and is, right now, a very good time trial simulator. The way I played it, being new to racing sims, was to pick a car and a track, and play the hell out of it (I picked the E92 M3 and Silverstone GP). I also tried the other cars a bit but my main focus was this car/track combo.If you are also new to racing sims, this is the right way to play, because you want to find out quickly if you can't enjoy racing sims. That is, if you can't enjoy playing the same car and track over and over, slowly eking out an extra second or fraction of a second through gradually better perception of the car's handling and of the track's quirks (because even simulated driving of cool cars on awesome tracks is always enjoyable).I found out I do enjoy racing sims. By now, I've played it well over a day of real time, have considered buying a wheel and pedals setup, and regularly read up on the cars' and tracks' real-life counterparts along with articles on how to drive faster and tune cars for racing. I consider myself obsessed with motorsport now, and I'm sure that when I get the wheel and pedals it's only going to get worse (better?).NB: I also went back and tried Forza 4 and F1 2012 for comparison. It is much easier to drive fast in Forza but I'm pretty sure that's the more forgiving physics model. Assetto Corsa is less forgiving but I feel it is more realistic and therefore I get into it more; it seems like I can make some rather serious mistakes in Forza and they won't matter. To me, F1 2012 actually doesn't seem that bad compared to Forza; it seems like the cars act like they do on TV. There is a fair amount of skill transfer to the Formula Abarth in Assetto Corsa, and F1 2012's video run-through's of tracks also help."
76561198119535750,Recommended,244210,8560347,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,RRadilson,"awesome :) cockpit view, G25, PRO settings, Ferrari 458 S3 ...amaizing!!! developers, please, take one step at the time before you decide to launch any update related with physics. Make it posibile, for the users, if they dont like the update, to be able to use the version they think is the best one."
,Recommended,244210,8804483,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,ClydeThaMonkey,One of the best simulators I've played. Im using a Logitech G25 and the compability between this wheel and the game is awesome. The looks of the game looks stunning aswell. Can't wait until they get more cars into the game and some new tracks. So far I have loads of fun ahead of me. Definetly worth the money!
,Recommended,244210,11553092,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Force_FeedR,"Good build, cant wait for the final version!"
,Recommended,244210,11942420,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Frank12,"This game is EPIC. You want a real simulator game with epic graphics? You got it right here! This game is simple magnificent! The graphics are sublime and the cars seemed passed on a scanner so much they are real! The handling are realistic so are the assist in the game. You can turn on and off ABS, and Traction contrl (and on some car have different settings) while racing, making you have tail happy fun without quitting your session. The photo mode is Spectacular!!!! You can change everything in it!, change the daylight and sun position, making it perfect for simulating morning pictures, This game is spectacular, i have only a very short time on it for now, but ill make a new review as i go along. This game is worth every dollar. I paly with a gamepad, so my experiences isnt the best but its drivable. best would be a G27 wheel.10/10!"
,Recommended,244210,8218847,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,SIG Sauer GmbH,"It is the best racing game I have ever felt with my racing wheel, it is just SO GOOD. I don't know if i have ever felt so synced to a game like in this one, it just feels amazing! I've had all Gran Turismos and played Forza loads of times and I have always wanted a game similar to Forza on Xbox or GT on Playstation and I think I finally got it. The Menus look ASTONISHING! The GUI on this is just awesome and I can't wait for the multiplayer and for more cars to be released. I am really looking forward for this, by far the best racing game on PC whatsoever.-Fatal1ty."
,Recommended,244210,13025872,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Caffe,"An absolutely excellent simulation game, with full support for a range of racing wheels and pedals. The DLC is perhaps the best model I've seen for any game, you pay a fair price for different cars, each with fully modelled interiors and variants, and one huge track per pack which is always highly detailed and includes every little road curve and bump.The modding scene is alive and very easy as you simply drag and drop cars and tracks into the content game folder, and they appear in-game straight away with no hassle. Gameplay-enhancing mods are also available if you prefer having some different changes to your game.If you're looking for a great simulation racer and other games just aren't doing the trick, then look no futher than Assetto Corsa. Highly recommended. This is one of my favourites games on PC at the moment."
76561197970529473,Recommended,244210,7756404,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Jean-Claude Poopar,"Outstanding driving simulator. Easily the most realistic physics and car feedback through the wheel I have ever felt outside of a real car. I own a BMW E30 with sports suspension, and handling of the ingame E30 M3 is absolutely spot on. The FFB effects using a G27 wheel are accurate, subtle, and give the feeling of being connected to a real car.Even at Beta 0.2, with loads more content and improvements yet to come, I can happily say this is the driving simulator we have been waiting for. Here is a formula proving how good is:Live for Speed x 10 + real cars and laser scanned tracks + nice graphics = Assetto Corsa = Driving Sim Nirvana"
76561198008178342,Recommended,244210,13511000,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,joncooper,"I grew up smashing the Gran Turismo series, and Asetto Corsa smokes it. Great modding community should ensure longevity. Physics all spot on. Make sure you use a wheel and  pedals to get the most out of this experience. DO NOT even think of using a keyboard and mouse, maybe not even a joypad. 10/10"
,Recommended,244210,11496426,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,shrewdlogarithm,"I owned and played nkPro (the developer's last racing game) - so I watched the flurry of broken promises and other chicanery which evolved around it and I was VERY skeptical about this.Even if we avoidthe ""unfinishedness"" issues - and this is an Early Access title so that's a risk - would the game be 'too hardcore' (as nkPro was) or simply not that great?I'm a pad player too - no room/cash for a wheel - so I was also worried by people saying the pad controls weren't really that good - overall I wasn't keen but I had my arm twisted and...Let me absolve any of you who have those worries by saying the following1 - it's a really good driving game but it's not super-hardcore - it feels realistic without being hard to drive (e.g. nkPro) but it's a bit deeper than Forza/GT etc,2 - it's fine with a pad - you will want to ignore the stock 360 controller option but once you're setup - it's fine.To expand on the pad thing - I've chosen to map the pad as-if it were a wheel - gamma 1.00, Filter 0.01, Speed Sens is 0.20 - it's not perfect (no deadzone means a somewhat vague idea of 'dead ahead') but it's quite playable/you can be reasonably competitive.The tracks/cars in there already offer a huge range of stuff to-do too - so overall I'm a happy bunny and I recommend you take a peek!"
,Recommended,244210,11623166,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Syrian Lanister,"Amazing game can't wait to see finished product. The driving feels so real, and the collision mapping is extremely accurate. Graphics need some tweaking but overall very good."
,Recommended,244210,12698840,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,mevcardoso,Excellent Game and quality is improving every new release thanks kunos for this awesome simulator.
,Recommended,244210,12619904,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,insomniablows,"I've been playing for a little while now and the driving mechanics are awesome. The only reason I bought this game was because of the support for Oculus Rift Dk2 and then came to LOVE AC. I drive the lotus 98T without any driver assists except ABS and it gets my heart pumping and hands start to sweat when racing with others online. In the rift you can really ""Feel"" the G's as the car goes into a corner or when doing an inertia drift. I play this over Project Cars because of how the cars feel. The lotus 98t is much more manuverable in Assetto Corsa and even sounds awesome with the turbo spooling up and down. If you buy it you wont regret it."
76561198106457083,Recommended,244210,12869192,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,bostoncream,"Overall, Great sim.  The feature complete update fixed many problems.  Needs more content, but it is worth supporting.The sound for the Zonda R turned up is really a thing of beauty.  Well done!"
76561198041803138,Recommended,244210,12620238,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Gently Saturated,"This game is wildly fun and has levels of fun and complexity for virtually any player. The physics in the game are unbelievable, and it's a blast to play. Game is playable with a controller, (not very well in my opinion, I just don't like using my xbox controller) but I use a g27 with the pedals and the H-Shifter. Wildly fun, and still being updated regularly! Patches come quickly and the game developers actually seem to care about their product. If you can get it during the next steam sale (or now if you really want to), PICK THIS UP. There are tons of cars to choose from, many different tracks, and you can tackle the game with any skill level. As of right now, the developers are working on making the AI in the game more suited to race people, as sometimes there are tiny problems in the code causing a few cars to immediately pit and stay there, something or other--don't let this stop you though. The game is still in late alpha and this is to be expectedTl;dr - Game is still in late alpha, 100% playable. Can be played with a controller, I prefer a wheel. Cars, tracks, general improvements and rebalancing of cars as well as AI are still in progress. Physics are incredible, I've never played something more realistic on steam.PICK UP THIS GAME ASAP IF YOU'RE INTO DRIVING SIMULATORS THAT HAVE REALISTIC PHYSICS AND CAN BE PLAYED BY ANYONE!!!"
,Recommended,244210,9365679,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,X-90,"""Sometimes, things in the game make more sense than in real life."" - GzExcept this isn't a game.Assetto Corsa is (at the time of writing) early access and it still impresses me at every turn. The driving physics are very close to reality, save for dying. Most AAA racing titles out today are mostly arcade influenced and stretch reality quite a bit. I frequently hear the Forza series and Gran Turismo cited as very good sims, but they have nothing on this. Those games are built for gamepad controllers, not full steering wheels like Assetto Corsa. This is more about you, the car, and the track.It's hard to recommend this because it's not really a GAME. It's an honest to reality simulator. If any of you have played the Need for Speed series, Forza, Gran Turismo, or other popular racing series, it's time to relearn what it means to drive. I also gave F1 2012 or whatever it was a try and Assetto Corsa's Formula 1 physics are just superior. Test Drive Unlimited 2's driving physics aren't really physics to begin with, mostly a social vehicle game. I think I like Assetto Corsa even more than I would have initially thought because I had preordered GRID 2 before ASC. I was in shock how arcadey GRID 2 was and how close to reality Asetto Corsa was.Also, ASC supports Occulus Rift and Triple Screen setups. I can't vouch for Occulus Rift, but the triple screen setup is also the absolute best I've ever seen EVER. Instead of most games just running the math for a vertical FOV with the horizontal screens adjusting and then moving HUD elements around, Assetto Corsa actually uses multiple cameras. One camera for each monitor. The setup asks for some measurements so that the setup works seamlessly. It asks for screen width in millimeters, side screen angles (0-90 degrees), distance from viewer in millimeters, and bezel size. After fiddling with the numbers for 20 minutes, I got it set perfectly. It felt like I was IN the car, sitting IN the cockpit. Other racing games just stretch the FOV and the A pillar ends up devouring the entire left monitor in LHD cars.If you're equipped with a gamepad and are considering purchasing Assetto Corsa, I hear the gamepad support is pretty good. Other games by default 'dampen' input because of how twitchy the car would actually be if it pushed the input directly and then proceed to spin out. I recommend a full steering wheel AT LEAST with lever shifters. I HIGHLY recommend getting a wheel with a clutch pedal because driving with absolutely no assists like automatic clutch is an absolute nightmare. Driving without a clutch pedal with no automatic clutch is exactly emulative of driving a car with a ripped up clutch plate, shredded teeth and all. I also recommend a wheel with more than 180 degrees full rotation. Wheels get pricey though, so don't worry about buying a G27 or a T500 just yet.I'll probably edit this review as the game develops.What I'm trying to say is 10/10 Hell yeah."
,Recommended,244210,14273907,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Callsign [[TOUGE]],great modding support
,Recommended,244210,12255506,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,aher,"Although playing without a wheel is awkward to say the least, this game has above average physics and graphics. I would recommend this to any racing game enthusiast, or as a first racing game for anyone new to the genre."
,Recommended,244210,12720265,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,z4FFe-,The best simulator after iRacing & rFactor 2.
,Recommended,244210,20850816,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,richfabros,Nothing feels better than the way cars handle in this game. The difference between driving with AC and PCars or any other sim is night and day.
,Recommended,244210,19991284,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,ScorpiusCRO,"Best sim out there. Good graphics, cars are good, but add more of the old street cars.Ferrari F50, 250 GTO, 288 GTO, Lamborghini Diablo, Honda NSX, etc"
76561198179605665,Recommended,244210,20928360,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Marc,Amazing game
,Recommended,244210,20851634,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,spaguette,Best. Racing. Game. Ever.'nuff said.
76561198018189700,Recommended,244210,32046270,Posted: 29 May,all,Salty Beer Nuts,"Beautiful game. Unfortunatly I do not have a driving setup and have only played with mouse and keyboard, what a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥that is. I bet it is the bees knees with proper controllers."
,Recommended,244210,7941215,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,スコロリと申します,Driving delirium!
,Recommended,244210,25476036,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Rangles!,"tried all of the sims and for me this is the one. its got the physics, its got the team, its got the modders, its got some pretty good gfx, has oculus support, good ffb so for me its a no brainer"
,Recommended,244210,7948196,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Marketcrash16,"Best racing game in existence. The handling, feel of the cars is perfect. Not quite as pretty as pcars, but still gorgeous. Constant updates are a huge plus. Can't wait until online and season are added. I'm addicted!"
,Recommended,244210,8019010,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,GTDrivers_Matt,"Best PC Sim Yet, Must Try :d"
76561198002494158,Recommended,244210,8753814,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Randy,"Graphics and force feedback remain good. Game play has from the beginning and even now seems arcade like. The update process with Steam is seamless and easy, which is a plus. I still have hopes that this will be a good online game, in time... So, it's in beta, and that means I haven't seen everything yet. The price is right, so if you are currently looking for a race game with eye candy and good physics, Assetto Corsa should be a nice fit."
76561198050348179,Recommended,244210,23082019,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,HC,"for the driving enthusiast, this is a musteven better with a driving rig"
76561198014746210,Recommended,244210,8764822,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,SwagMasterPrime [Team Gacuzzi],Great simulator for such an early version.
,Recommended,244210,34527609,Posted: 27 August,all,0nion_man_LV,So you like cars huh?You have or don't have a steering wheel but you can use mouse to steer too?It's amust buy for every car game loving player!
,Recommended,244210,23260453,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,2-D,"Hands down the best racing simulator i've ever played, from the spot on handling and the great selection of cars (including mods) which each have their own distinctive sound and feeling. I grabbed this for £17.99 and it was one of the best decisions i've made on steam. If you have a wheel, get this game now. If you have a controller, get a wheel then get this game. You wont regret it. My only real gripe with it is the A.I is a little predictive and follows and obvious line."
,Recommended,244210,13982142,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,moa-deep,"<3 <3 <3 <3 BIG BIG  LOVE. :)...the best simultor i´have ever played..top racing-wheel support (fanatec CSR Wheel) ..absolute amazing physics . i run the game with 3 monitors and its just amesome :)..every car feels unique and different..very complex setting options, carrier mode , online racing, ..""JUST"" driving with every car you like without ""unlocking"" .it´s like the BMW slogan :"" sheer driving pleasure"" :)"
,Recommended,244210,34891706,Posted: 11 September,all,Toastinie_PhD,This sim changed the way my insurance looks at me!
76561198000397933,Recommended,244210,30728404,Posted: 25 March,all,fruitfucker,"Great racing sim. Even better is the game is constantly being developed further. (new cars, tracks, optimising the vehicle dynamics and etc) Thanks for the good work developers.Tip for new comers to tame oversteering cars, make the front more reactive and rear more stable by: 1) reduce the rear tyre pressures and increase the fronts by a couple of psi. 2) Increase the toe angles for both rear and front (go towards positive). 3) In case the car has dampers, springs and anti roll bar settings increase the fronts and reduce the backs."
76561198098740734,Recommended,244210,8854905,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,wb,"Considering its half built this an awesome game for the motor racing fan, its got a lot more compelling now you can race the cpu. I thoroughly recommend it for the sim fan, and if your an arcade racer, give it a try as its cutting edge in terms of graphice and sounds plus it allows you to choose your difficulty level."
,Recommended,244210,32280488,Posted: 8 June,all,drift | CSGO500,"Insanely fun to play with a steering wheel, and physics feel great."
,Recommended,244210,23054707,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,skatan,Best car game in all aspects. Great graphics and great physics. Drifting feels real and the community is able to create any car and mod into the game which is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome compared to Project Cars.
76561198156244377,Recommended,244210,23036340,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,zenta,"One of the top racing games out there, also very open to modding... i love it!"
,Recommended,244210,32354990,Posted: 11 June,all,dhiqdhiq,"Realistic racing simulator game ever!!The graphic, the sound, environment is  T O P   B G T !!"
76561198178095631,Recommended,244210,26612423,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,boggie1,"This is the best sim out right now!  I'm having a blast with it!  The physics of the game feel very natural, and so do the graphics.  So many mods to play around with, super easy to mod, and I have even created a number of tracks for it using Race Track Builder.  I mostly use this sim for rally play (with mods of course), because AI is average at best.  I prefer RF2 for curcuit racing, because their AI is far far ahead of anyone.  I can't speak much about multiplay, as I generally don't play it.  My Fanatac gear works great!  If you like sim racing games this is a must have!"
,Recommended,244210,22422448,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,「Anzu」 [currently inactive],"well, before you read this review, let me ask you a question: Assetto Corsa or rFactor 2? i say Assetto Corsa, here's why:Pros:-Veryactive devs-Mods-Great graphics (not best tho.)-Pretty good cars that come with the game-The Dream Packs and the Japanese Car Pack just add to the fun, notably Dream Pack 1, which adds the Nurburgring.-Mods.-Incredibly fun with a wheel, but it can be fun with a controller too, since its actually well optimized [at least i think it is.]-Did i mention mods enough? yes? alright. becausei can't stress enough how much you need to get mods if you buy the game, the vast majority of them adds to the experience so much.-Runs smoothly on my current setup (GT 730 with a 2.40GHz CPU, 32-bit OS. able to run almost max graphic settings w/o PP)Neutral (consider these pros or cons for yourself)-May get boring quick you if you just do hotlaps. there are challenges though-Sound quality on some of the stock cars sound par despite them sounding like they do in real life.Cons:-Dead multiplayer to a degree.-AI that leaves much to be desired (e.g pass in front of a car. the AI hits the brakes full-on, not always though),-the price for this and all the DLC is$81(plus tax), and rising somewhat slowly, so buy 'em now before it gets way too expensive-Career that has lots of potential for improvement, but ignored.\Notes:-DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME WITH A KEYBOARD!it's terrible.don't.-I recommend using a steering wheel. you will not regret it,"
76561198070865795,Recommended,244210,13041354,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,ClarkX5652,"The purest sim on the market.  I'll really know when Project Cars goes live but damn, you can tweak EVERYTHING on these cars!  And the cars.....!  Excuse me, had to wipe the drool off my chin.  Did mention the cars?  And they continue to add more.  The tracks and beautiful.  But beware, arcade is a dirty word around Kunos.  This game is gorgeous and the teaser trailer does not due it justice, it is even more graphically beautiful then any other game I have ever owned.  This game is demanding, it demands your respect, it demands your TIME (  you have to invest a considerable amount of time in this, tweaking, tweaking and then you must tweak )  The publishers set out to make the ultimate driving and racing sim and they  suceeded, boy did they suceed.There are many, many pros for this game, maybe too many to mention but a few are:a)  The beauty of the gameb)  The close attention to details in both cars and tracks.  The weather options work as weather works IRL.  The sky acts like the sky IRL.  The cars act as they are supposed to but I really can't stand behind that statement because in all of my 65 years I have never driven any of these vehicles, lol but I trust Kunos on that.c)  Blah, blahba blab blah blabThe only con I can mention is this:This game is an accurate simulation of racing.  If you don't know what your doing (like for instance...me) it does not hold your hand.  Learn or never successfully race again.  When driving the powerful cars ( and AC lets you drive them all) you rarely recover from the condition known as Leadeus Footites.  You won't advance very far in the career mode if you do not put in the time to learn the intricaces of the game.  This game is tough with a capital What The Hell Did I Do Wrong This Time?, T. The AC community are very friendly and helpful, that is until you race them.  Those that know what they are doing will K I l l you everytime.  As I mentioned earlier, you have to invest your time, you have no choice if you want to fully enjoy this game.  Fortunately,  I got this on sale (which made my friend in the British Isles, Skymarshall_uk very irked) but I don't regret a dime I have invested in it.All in all I rate game on  a couple of levels:    Beauty and Asthetics:  I can only go to 10 so I give it 11+Difficulty:  Again, I can on go to 10 but it's much harder than thatPlayability and Replayability:  10, if you invest the timeController Accessibilty:  Supports all wheels that I can seeFinal rating:  10  I recomend this to ALL gearheads and wannabees (like me)Thanx for reading and hopefully this helps you in your selection.  The Managment.Oh, and by the way, you had better have some heft in your video graphics card and speed in your CPU.  It may run for you if you don't but I don't think you will enjoy the beauty of the game if you don't."
76561198184676535,Recommended,244210,31292723,Posted: 22 April,all,Kdrblh,PROSThe sounds in this game are realWorks beatifully with Steering WheelsYou can adjust the AI if you want it to be strong or weakHas a lot of track and a bunch of carsThe developers care abaou the game and always update to fix the bugs or to add more contentCONSGraphics are worse than Driveclub or Project CarsOverall 9.5/10
,Recommended,244210,31263256,Posted: 20 April,all,Katzenstreu,"There is not much to add to all what is written here about the game.Very nice hotlap-simulator and pretty good online racing.Not a real ""game""-mode with a real career and so on, but there are challenges to do (some outdated). If you don't buy this game for AI racing i highly recommend it. If you want AI racing it's still nice, but there are better options.Can be expensive with all the dlc, but they are fairly priced imho and you can wait for a sale."
,Recommended,244210,27073874,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,彡 SeRGiOPaOk4 彡,This game is one of the most complete racing games out there. Sound Graphics Physics . One thing that would really make the next step for the game is dynamic weather and day/night cycle
76561198012611086,Recommended,244210,30442023,Posted: 11 March,all,Rupe Wilson,"So much content, so little time. it can only get better..Do you want fun, Do you want to learn to race in a relaxed atmosphere.  This game is massive but where is everybody. sitting in single player driving off line.. You are missing out on the best part of the game. Racing online is so much fun, AtRacedepartment.comthey offer a controlled environment to do this..  if your interested just drop in and have a look."
,Recommended,244210,9701191,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Scrumpe,"Assetto Corsa is a visually stunning racing simulator. With graphics backed by solid physics and a fully customizable UI, this has the chance to revive PC racing sims. The contiually increasing selection of cars and tracks provide a variety of racing experiences. From normal curcit racing, to drifting, to drag racing, Assetto Corsa offers huge replayability.However, this game does have some things wrong with it. The AI are both too aggresive and not aggresive enough. Often, AI will come speeding down a straight into the back of anyone who happened to brake too early. Other times, they will refuse to pass someone they could easily overtake. The AI are racing on a two-lane road. If two cars are taking up the lanes ahead, the AI won't try and find a gap, but will instead follow angrily behind.Overall, Asseto Corsa is looking like it will be the game that revives PC racing sims. But it has quite a few things that need to be worked out before this can become a full game. I would recomend this game to die-hard racing fans, but wait for a full release for casual gamers."
,Recommended,244210,9670418,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,BIG_FREAK,"If you Love racing Games... You need to own this game, its EPIC, and getting better every patch :) GT5, GT6, Forza,this has them beat :)Go buy a wheel and get in this game, you will not regret it."
76561198030669450,Recommended,244210,8475985,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,kirstan_att,A Great Driving Simulator !! Cant wait to be relaeased the full game !! Till then I will be enjoying the beta version :-)
,Recommended,244210,9639487,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,kEtE,"Finally, a decent race game with a cockpit view!Despite, some shaggy trees and other enviroments, graphics look great.Still, it would be great to see much more details in cockpit view.Other than that, Controls are good. I don't have a wheel but I play this game with Logitech F710 and it makes you feel you really have control of the car.My only concern is when you hit another car nothing happens! You don't feel the impact of crash. Neither You see any visual damage nor you feel any gameplay differences when you hit.It is as if you hit a cardbox instead of a  	elephantine cars.Still, as an early acces game, Assetto Corsa doesn't fail to impress and I guess it is must buy for any racing fan out there."
,Recommended,244210,9710468,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,CyBer_Hurricane,"Amazing racing simulator, so much more realistic than Forza"
,Recommended,244210,9812605,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,heavy makeup,It is simply by virtue of this game's fantastic driving physics that I have spent 100+ hours playing it. No unlocks. No multiplayer. No career mode. Just exceptionally fun driving. I'm really excited to see where early access takes this game.Edit: Multiplayer is now available. See ya'all online. :)Edit: We're now on our 3rd DLC pack and the game keeps getting better and better.Edit: still the best racing sim on pc
76561198084073245,Recommended,244210,20009930,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,woody,This is one of the best racing simulator games ive played its got good graphics and the races are challenging. great game
,Recommended,244210,20246019,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Santana,"Very nice game. Bought it a while ago, but got very frustrated with the controls. Just redownloaded it to give it another try and, after an hour of fidgeting with the controls (xbox one controller), i finally got it to my taste. And the game became a lot more enjoyable.It's a pain to get the controls right, but it's well worth it.By the way, my setup is like this:Steering speed: 100Gamma: 2.3Filter: 0.95Deadzone: 0"
,Recommended,244210,8250022,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Roponen,This is AWESOME
,Recommended,244210,11000770,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Moz,The racing sim that the PC has been waiting for. Most realistic sim I've played yet I think and the Force Feedback on the wheel is the best I've seen.
,Recommended,244210,7626007,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,Black_Marco,Delicia de jogo. Recomendado pra quem curte um bom jogo de corrida.
76561198005038954,Recommended,244210,18483538,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,doodle127,"Thought it time to write this.One of the best sims out there (yes, it is a sim). Some may criticize that fact that Assetto Corsa is a fully paid game and has still been in development, but to me that is a good thing to have in a game. It allows well-educated and thought through opinions to be shared amongst a larger community, rather than have a length of secret development and a short Beta that gives no full look at issues. Meaning that there is no shock-horror when a game is released swiming in glitches and bugs up to it's eye lids. I love how open the developers are about changes they make, and when updates and patches are set to be released. It helps.Great visuals with good performance (fps, etc) even on my semi-gaming machine that struggles with most new gaming titles. Physics are always going to be debated, but I don't race all kinds of cars in real life to have that knowledge of true car physics. For me the FFB and handling works and feels perfect on my CSWv2 wheel.Mods! Although mods aren't really a review of this game, the ablity to add mods has made Assetto Corsa even more fun to race in as the original list of tracks and cars does leave something to be desired.Downsides are that the online can feel a little hollow without any goal to work towards e.g. rank / license (good that there are so many private servers and events). Also, the fact that the game is so popular on Steam can attract some frustratingly incompetent drivers and some deliberately annoying..uh..people ('let's use that word, yeah'). I guess that's all part of the package in any online game you get.All in all, the most open and available sim out there that you can buy."
,Recommended,244210,9077219,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,C-LOSNYC,"I have never played a Racing Sim before, at least none of the hardcore ones.  I already thought games like F1 2012 and the Dirt games were hard already. GT always looked boring thus why i never tried it.  However, Car games in general interested me to some point.I found Assetto Corsa one day.  Played it for a few hours and absolutely fell in love with it.  I knew I had to wait for a few more updates before buying it.  The wait was worth it.  When 0.6.2 released, i bought the game to support the developers.Assetto Corsa is an incredible SIM, with great mechanics, graphics and gameplay.  The menu is a pc gamers heaven.  I am waiting anxiously for the next updates and for it to hit MP.  However, I am absolutely glad i bought the game to support it because its potential is infinite.  Its already better than any other racing game ive played and i know a lot of people agree with this sentiment.Kudos to Kunos for creating this marvel.  Lets hope they continue hard at work with it.  Good luck, and if in doubt, trust me.  It is an investment worth making."
76561198118735717,Recommended,244210,9173855,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Galin Dimov,"Do yourself a favour - get a wheel and enjoy the best racing sim out there. Yes even in alpha, it's much better than anything else.The guys at Kunos have done/are doing an amazing job"
,Recommended,244210,8800040,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,DazEErR,"Bare in mine this is alpha/beta.Graphics very good, physics excellent and FFB very detailed however AI not so good. If your into sim racing get it, if your casual wait till full release."
76561198060873216,Recommended,244210,7615575,"Posted: 9 November, 2013",all,Ir4scibile,Very good
76561198125994430,Recommended,244210,13352919,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,daniel.belso,Realistic :)
,Not Recommended,244210,15907980,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,EVILKILLER,"I wanted this game to be good. But its just not a good racing game. I hate to say this but simraceway is far better. Simraceway has things I dont like about it, but at least the racing is fun."
76561198081681066,Recommended,244210,20675760,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,dpgc106,Best racing sim game out there!
,Recommended,244210,23184105,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,▲BACK☢TRACK▲BG☣ODBZ☣,don't get me wrong i love Gran Turismo i have all GT for 123456 and three limited edition from Gran Turismo but i have to sey Assetto Corsa is better than gran turismo in simulator
76561197994730025,Recommended,244210,9048346,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Dopey[NL],"Allthough in beta, one of the best racing sims out there"
,Recommended,244210,23056901,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,ScrimpyData,One of the best racing sims out there! Really recommend it
76561198076753381,Recommended,244210,19524291,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,R2id0,It's so awesome with g27 racing wheel!
,Recommended,244210,19702375,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Ketonasarus,"After playing Project CARS and watching the many videos of bugs, crashes, poor optimization and just an overall shoddy game, I'm proud to say that Assetto Corsa is very easily the BEST racing simulation game for the PC platform. They keep getting better, releasing more cars, more tracks and more scenarios. I have a blast every time I play it and am in awe with how well they do for such a small team.Keep up the good work guys, I can't wait to see what you put out next!"
,Recommended,244210,9562992,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Thrustache,"This game has amazing force feedback and physics working in tandem.  If you have a force feedback capable wheel I highly recommend this game.  It is an early access title at the time of this review (03/2014) so do not expect a full product yet.  What is available is worth trying and provides some amazing challenges if you like simulation racing.During my first play through I initially thought I'd have to check back on this game.  It just lacked the polish I expected.  I very quickly found myself immersed in driving realism that puts popular console simulation racers to shame.  Next thing I knew I had spent an hour just doing test laps and experiencing what the engine had to officer.One thing of note is that the AI is a bit iffy at this time.  I read that they do not get into accidents or collide with each other unless they're close to the player.  This makes things a little unfair if you fall behind the pack because you're likely to stay in last.  When you're in the pack the AI cycles between brutal cut throat driving and wonky over corrections that can cause hilarious outcomes.  After the first crazy crashes it can also be very frustrating.  It is a challenge in and of itself to keep from being the target of an AI pit manuver.Even with the quirks of an early access game this is still totally worth the money.  I can very easily see this game as being THE PC racing sim for the forseable future once the game is completed.  As I understand it there are updates every couple weeks so there is a lot to look forward to between now and full release.  At this point I can't get enough of this game and play it every chance I get.I had to work a bit to get my graphics to look ""nextgen"".  Once I did the game looks great.  Check this steam post for more details on how to get started with that:http://steamcommunity.com/app/244210/discussions/0/666825525296642878/"
,Recommended,244210,11820315,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,MrHoltik,Best racing game out there!  Highly recommend this game for entusiaist and beginneers. A lot of fun! 10/10!
76561198102879536,Recommended,244210,9838583,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Bernd_Graf,"If you are looking to experience the finest in European GT, supercar, and tuner car performance, look no further than Assetto Corsa. Though still in beta, the comparability of accurately modelled autos and laser scanned tracks endlessly rewards the driver. I haven't played a sim until this one where the single player mode was as intense as the MP. The reward is the driving experience, not graphics or gimmicky features like massive careers, money, or upgrades. YOU control the only upgrade the game has to offer: your developing skill as a race driver. If you've enjoyed watching the European series like Blancpain, WEC, etc. this game will not disappoint."
,Recommended,244210,9691704,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,coffee chan,amazzzzzinggggggg
76561198017439086,Recommended,244210,27417679,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,DavidKnowsGod,man i love this game sooooo much if you guys see it on sale buy it.
76561198124638924,Recommended,244210,20361723,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Sgt. Pepper,This game is amazing espically if you know how to mod
76561197976528580,Recommended,244210,20516274,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Luis Henrique Caetano,"State of the art of racing simulation, and I just can't stop playing. This is as close as real as you will get to driving in a PC GAME."
,Recommended,244210,20400105,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,StrickenNZ,"Great Sim racing game, perfect to use with a wheel and trickier with a controller. Love to drift on this and the mods are insanely well done. Def worth the money if you are into this kind of thing"
,Recommended,244210,32655113,Posted: 22 June,all,TheMotherfuckingPingu,"This game is superb and in my opinion the best racing sim available.However, do not purchase if you dont own a racing wheel. It is almost impossible to play with a controller and irritating to play using a keyboard. Wait till you have a wheel and enjoy!"
,Recommended,244210,8131719,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,La Montagne,Car handling is horrendous but this game is still fun.
,Recommended,244210,16428227,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,CoisasDoFabio,"It's the best racing sim out there, no doubt ! 10/10"
76561198315790578,Recommended,244210,32505162,Posted: 17 June,all,dnaluis,"bought this last 2 weeks and became addicted and bought all DLC at the...LoLi was playing p.cars before this becoz of the attractive graphics and juz found out p car is an arcade one after trying AC..the feeling, the sound, the FFB is so good. i can feel how steep the tracks are comparing to Pcar is juz ....errri am a junior player in racing game, but hope that there will be AC2 with graphics upgrade and better menu (dunno why my menu fonts and button are damn small in 1440p...hope AC will fix that). hope to see your new product in E3 nx year. :)"
76561198011721693,Recommended,244210,16016155,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,ManUtdFan,"I have to say : Best Game Ever !In menu the personal best laps are little bit chaotic,  it would be great to display  from the fastest to the slowest lap .Best Simulator Ever. Laser scanned  tracks, epic cars... well done. Highly recommended."
76561198056570088,Recommended,244210,22164274,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Dan Aphelion,"If you're looking for a racing simulator that offers a ""true to real life experience"" - look no further. Assetto Corsa offers top notch car handling and force feedback - truly the best one out there yet!The selection of cars is wide and won't dissappoint, although there is a clear focus on Italian brands.. I wonder why (Kunos Simulazioni - Italian developers) :DAs for the racing tracks, fear not; all the classics are available - Nürnbergring Nordschleife, SPA and so forth..Aesthetically speaking, the car models are stunning and the audio mindblowing!A HUGE variety of cameras ensures diversity and possibilities for every player out there.The sole drawback I can come to think of is the visual damage model.Don't misunderstand me - there is everything from tyre wear to component damage in Assetto Corsa.Coming from Racedriver: GRID - almost anything is disappointing, but adding a more realisticvisual damage model in this simulator would truly add up to the immersion and experienceinstead of just having a broken windshield after a 200 km/h crash..Pairing this simulator up with the Logitech G27 is a dream - 10/10 - I highly recommend!"
76561198123970336,Recommended,244210,23696877,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Cornelius Praetorius,"Best physics Ive playedLooks goodTastes good tooYour feet don't move..like wtf mate?UI is garbage..seriously only way to pause is with keyboard, then you need the mouse to unpause it. Life sucks.Cars with paddles that can only be shifted with H pattern..BMW M3 i think it wasI've been trying to get my feet to move..no mods for that somehow. Maybe my character is paralyzed. I will research this matter more extensively by poking myself in the legs with a pin while playing.Japanese pack is great, sushi is alright tooGet Dream Pack 1 no matter what for laser scanned NordschleifeOnline lobby system could use work..a bit confusing to navigate. Maybe I'm just stupidIf I use a big word soon, they might think I'm not stupid.Sometimes my settings for wheel inputs (G27) are deleted for no apparent reason.Go to Assetto Corsa Club, a Russian website (its safe, trust me..I'm your friend out here) for free modsAlmost all the user reviews are in Russian, but the site has Whiteboy mode with standardized ratings for contentGet the Koeniggsegg One:1 for spinout simulatorRed Pack with the F1 cars and the Ferrari FXX or whatever it is is very fun, but too fast, can't concentrate. THey should have included the turbocharged version of the Praga.Porsche pack is an absolute must have. The 911 cup car is balanced and stable, the modern prototype is ludicrous fast, the vintage endurance racers will have you loling at how people used to race these things and not die always.Good game-Boy with scissors"
,Recommended,244210,13038869,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,SamNeedham123,"Now because Assetto Corsa isn't a fully finished product, I won't be too critical about any problems it has... But I think it's good to mention what the developers have done well... So;Let's start with the sounds, and oh boy they're great! So great that you just want to keep turning the volume up on your speakers until they hit 11! I really like the work they've done with it. The graphics are also very good, it's really nice to see the refulections of your dashboard on the Windscreen which obscures your visability (just like in real life). As well as that, the physics are very good, much better than a lot of SimRacers out there!I think the Multiplayer will become something really great, even if it is a tiny bit unreliable and hard to navigate currently in Beta Form. I also look forward to the larger variety of cars that the developers have planned! This was money well spent!"
76561198024364669,Recommended,244210,7785208,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Pixelchaser,"Damn right i recommend this game ! Besides waiting several years not only for Assetto corsa but for me what has been a lull of several years in advancement with racing technology. Finally Kunos has delivered. And the package whilst not quite complete Screams importance to the racing simulation community in more ways than you can imagine,""Have you head that Pagani Zonda?"". A trully tremendous attention to detail in what has become a niche genre. Never the less the streamlined approach and delivery of the simulation is most certainly open to the more casual of player too. Quite remarkable and Thanks Kunos."
76561198024801384,Recommended,244210,8759765,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,alanhunt123,"This game is awesome! I had serious doubts about the physics. Having recently tried Raceroom Racing Experience (and seriously disliked the physics), I had little faith in Assetto Corsa, but decided to try it anyways due to the good reviews. All I can say is WOW. The physics are nearly spot on! I have played Live for Speed for a long time, and have revered it as the best game in term of physics. This game is a close second for me currently, and before long, it will probably overtake LFS in terms of physics. In the graphics department, it has already surpassed, as well as in the car selection. The little details make me happy as well, such as changing gear ratios. Instead of being able to pick any number for the ratio, you can only use realistic ratios that would exist on a real car. Pretty neat. Definately worth the money I paid, especially when we will have content releases up until 2018!"
76561198025900615,Recommended,244210,11810510,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Honkey Lips,"Kunos is the best! Loved netKar and completely adore this new sim.Finally, a new racing sim on Steam! I don't have to go through tedious manual updates and patches of the other big sim (rfactor 2) or pay out the nose for a monthly subscription (iRacing) -or even deal with a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ abonded, and broken product (RRE-simbin). Those other sims are great, don't get me wrong, but Kunos made life so much easier for me!Looks great, sounds are wonderful, drives very well, and I don't spend hours fussing about with it.Kudos Kunos."
76561197971259829,Not Recommended,244210,17366356,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Niko,"The actual driving of the cars is good, but this is about it. The game is NOT fun at all, and I mean in the sense that everthing is so frustratingly complicated, Menus, Multiplayer, settings etc. Trying to host a server is a pain in the butt you need to have a degree in IT. I have come to the point that I am not playing anymore due to the fact that I cannot have a proper racing session with my friends. Project cars is more simpler, even though not as realistic, but at the end of the day it does not matter."
76561198077523611,Recommended,244210,13656072,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,jksthegate,"At first I was slightly annoyed by how difficult the game was but after playing it for a few hours i learnt the ropes and now I classify this as the best car simulation game I have ever played, highly reccomended"
,Recommended,244210,14944771,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Ray76,"I can't play any other racing game after this one. Problem is car handling feels dull and boring. So i assume this is the best car game i played so far.Some other stuff: there are not many tracks and garage could be a little bigger, but current amount of cars is enough. You can install track or car mods though. Devs also update the game with new cars and tracks(for free and as DLC)There are lot's of settings for a car or game itself. I'm sure you can configure it as you want.Graphics ain't something special, but it gets the job done. There are also ways to configure post process filters so you can make colors brighter, add some contrast, saturation, etc. I did that and game looks like an eyecandy for me.Multiplayer lacks custom lobby host -> you always gotta find a server to play with your friend.Well... What can i say? A good racing game that pretends to be simulator. I never played sim racing games so i can't tell you if it's realistic enough or not, but it's definetely more challanging than Grid, Crew, TDU, any NFS game.So as long as Project Cars never coming out and being delayed every month... Better get this game, because you can actually get it and play."
,Not Recommended,244210,14898978,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,BALDGYE,A half finished game that came out of early access a year too soon.
,Recommended,244210,13456021,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Solakka Silakka,You like realistic racing simulation? Yes? Then why haven't you bought this one yet?
76561198140290246,Not Recommended,244210,18301558,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,dmuscanto,"I was looking for a bit of a change from iRacing, boy are we spoiled over there. This was trerrible."
76561197970556812,Not Recommended,244210,14444367,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,XiDragon,"Update November 2015:=======================As of the newest version 1.34 the game still has the most annoying flaws I mentioned in my original review. These are jaggy shadows, really bad anti aliasing, moiré effects on the guard-rails, flickering polygon edges, only basic skin variations for some cars and so on. So I still can't recommend the game until you can grap it for 10 bucks.Original Review:=======================Missing content that is normally standard for a racing game, incomplete features, bugs and texture as well as shadow flickering are the reasons why prolonged fun is difficult to come by in this game and why I can't recommend it as of now (v1.04). By my mind this game is as of v1.04 in in a beta state and should not have been released like this.In Detail:I expect from a racing game that advertises fully featured single player modes at least one thing and that is that I will be able to race against AI opponents with a field of at least 20 cars that are of the same racing league and where every single car has its own livery. However, this is as of v1.04 not the case in Assetto Corsa!Further, some of the skins that come with the game are very basic like the ones for the RUF Porsche or the Fiat 500 Abarth. They do not have any numbers on them or stickers, nothing, just plain single- or bi- colored paintjobs. Makes it difficult to drive in a pack of say 20 and differentiate who is who without turning on hovering driver names over the cars.Besides those missing basic features this game has other serious problems with flickering shadows and moiré effects on the guard-rails. Unfortunately no configuration settings so far could fix it and the devs do seem to ignore the issue on the official forums so there is no help for it there either. By the way I am playing on a GTX 970.Other problems are related to performance issues specifically the game displaying a warning about the CPU occupation above 95% but when I check the performance records in the Windows 7 Resource Monitor I can see that my CPU shows just 50% usage. Again no help in the official forums could be found even though several threads for the issue exist.On top of that a lot of small bugs are very annoying like brake bias that sometimes will not adjust when I press the button for it or the game crashing when I try to assign a function to the ^-key on my keyboard and so on.So as of now the fun, even so it sometimes is there when the game works for some time as one would expect, goes away very fast because of the small anoyances that in the sum are just to much to keep it going."
,Not Recommended,244210,18390930,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Ç®ï§Þ¥Føø,"Wow. No music, no controller enabled menus, resets your tv unless you choose an option?True, its one of the FEW racing sims on PC. Thats all its got going for it. If youve got a Sim setup, great for you, else wait till this drops to 5 bucks. Thats all its worth to anyone else who doesnt drop $1000+ into a sim machine (wheels, chairs, etc.). This is an application - very far from an actual game.For 50 bucks I'd expect a much more professional approach and appeal."
,Recommended,244210,30742670,Posted: 25 March,all,ApexPredator,Best racing game for the Vive at the moment.
76561198280078850,Recommended,244210,34267221,Posted: 15 August,all,potentially,First online race I did I qualified for 3rd position. First turn I got punted off the track and into a wall by somebody behind me.  Car was totally destroyed and I wasted 45 minutes driving in a cirlce so I could drive in a circle.TLDR: Cars vroom vroom.
76561198069090027,Not Recommended,244210,19766827,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Shelby H.,"instead of  fixing multiplayer or single player gameplay (engine sound, physics,model etc.) ,they just keep releasing DLCsedit:they even copy exact same physics from other cars and put them in recent DLC. Think twice before you purchase.edit2:oh wow,foring players to veiw all DLC tracks and cars which they didn't even buy. This is fuc king retarde d"
76561197997049838,Not Recommended,244210,33873969,Posted: 28 July,all,janimal,"I wish I could recommend this game but it frequently ditches my control profile. I have 3 saved now for my DF pro, but none of them work.  I can't be bothered to spend another 40 minutes setting up my controls and FFB yet again, saving another profile & have that be useless next time I want to play.As for the game, it looks good & drives well once configured, but the AI are unconvincing to me. I don't enjoy the racing."
76561198008059006,Not Recommended,244210,16297168,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,fatalhalt,"- good simulator- nice textures, ok shaders- game engine supports 1 light source, which is dumb in 2015, this mean NO SHADOWS, NO REFLECTIONS, NO NIGHT TRACKS, etc..- lack of CONTENT (car/tracks wise)"
76561198004986417,Recommended,244210,8161188,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Sandbox,"I just wanted to leave a little note on my early experience with Assetto Corsa, for all of my racing friends. I am someone who wishes Grant Turismo 6 was on PS4, and hate that I can't play Forza 5 on my 360. When I started looking itno this game, I was very concerned with how Assetto Corsa would perform on my computer. I am running on a barebones rig I built about a year ago. I still have my 560 TI 2gb, i5-2500k, and 8 gb of ram. I am able to run the game very well, with 8x AA + 4x flash AA, motion blur, so on; so forth. Assetto Corsa just feels great. I use a PS4 controller, through a Xinput mapper which translates the controls to that of a 360 controller. If you are looking for a fun driving game, and can't wait for something like Project C.A.R.S., this game is for you. The physics, graphics, and upcoming features will make this purchase worth so much more than the money I had spent. I hope you take my word for it, and look forward to seeing some of you on."
76561198085031249,Recommended,244210,8163217,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Anchor,Best racing game I have ever played on a PC.
,Recommended,244210,8168602,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,dowroa,"With out of the box mod support and great physics already in the game, this really has potential to be one of the best offline and online sims available. At the time of this writing, the game is still in Beta/Early access, with out any of the full features that would be expected (AI, multiplayer, etc.). The developers are adding cars and track regularly, and when added, they are of release quality.For me, this sim is shaping up to be the racer I was hoping rFactor 2 would have been."
76561197969945998,Recommended,244210,8185613,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Scary Terry,"One more lap...One more lap...One more lap...I began my journey in the Fiat 500 to learn the tracks, how to -really- control my G27 wheelset, and push my new gaming rig to it's limit on this new racing simulator. The sounds, control, and looks of the game had me captivated within my first session. After several laps, I needed to get myself out of the Fiat and onto something faster and harder to tame. I jumped into the next available gas guzzler and quickly noticed how difficult driving a rear-wheel drive car was, when you're under pressure by time. So, I decided to switch into drift mode and start purposely penduluming my car to get the feel of my wheel and the sensation of the weight of the car shifting side to side, in hopes that it would help me handle corners better. After several sessions/hours of playing this way, I noticed how superb AC's physics were meanwhile considerably improving my skill in drifting!While Assetto Corsa is in it's early stage of development, it certainly begins to feel like it's triumphing over other sims and definitely, the simcades. Despite there not being any AI at this time (except in drag mode), I didn't feel bored or unchallenged in any of the game modes or special races. It's a race against yourself right now and AC has a spell on you to consistantly push yourself lap after lap in hopes of cutting down your time by another tenth of a second.This simulator is by far one of the best in my lifetime.My only gripe with the game right now is the sensation of speed on some tracks, as I lock up my brakes not realizing how fast I'm going into a turn. Also, how easy it is to lose traction on grass under 40km/h, not accelerating, driving into a forever feeling spinout (feels like you're on ice at times). This could be my skill right now that's also a large factor (considering that I end-up in the grass at times!)."
76561197972307464,Recommended,244210,8201132,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,SG | LoneWolf,Great game
,Recommended,244210,7930931,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,CoderDunn,"Note: I've only played the early-access ""demo"", and anything I say may be invalid when the game is released.Having said that ... The game is fantastic. Graphics are great, but where the game really shines is the handling, which is, in my opinion, the best I've ever played. Now I'm not a race car driver, but this is the closest I've gotten to my real life car. Turn off all of the assists and drive around the track getting used to each individual car's handling characteristics. And that is the really cool thing about this game. Every car handles completeley different. If the car has downward force with a spoiler, you can really feel the difference. If the car is front wheel drive, you get a very understeer happy car. It's just so much fun playing without assists and trying to perfect each turn with every car. The early access demo has a small selection of very nice cars and a few tracks, but no races with AI opponents, or a career mode, so I can't comment on that yet.Now I wouldn't say I'm a hardcore racing sim fan. I have a g27 attached to my desk, and I'm not using nvidia surround or ati's multi-moniter system. However I have played a LOT of car games. Every Need For Speed up to the original Most Wanted, all of the Dirt titles, the (older) Test Drive games, Grid 1 and 2, Midtown Madness... But non of those games are racing sims.The closest I've played to Assetto Corsa is the Need for Speed Shift games. The first Shift I thought the handling was horrible, and never could get into it. When shift 2 came out I gave it another go, and the handling was better but there were some serious input problems. If you get a mod that fixes that, shift 2 (with all handing assists turned off) is a very solid game and up until now was my favorite racing game. Assetto Corsa has since knocked Shift 2 out of the way, nothing comes close to the sheer joy of minute to minute driving as in Assetto Corsa. So if you like racing games, you can't pass this one up.Here is a video of me trying out the Pagani Zonda Rhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eMunX4Y2RhY&feature=youtu.be"
76561197984948919,Recommended,244210,7937037,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,daniel.alm,Best racing simulation at the moment. Nothing not even iRacing comes close physics wise.
76561197993337288,Recommended,244210,7721472,"Posted: 22 November, 2013",all,´HiT`,"If u LiKe HardCoreSim´s , you won't be disappointed, 4 sure!Haters gonna hate, Trolls gonna Troll, choker ´s gonna choke, but believe  me pure´n uncut driving pleasure!!!PS:Wheel required"
76561198003299917,Recommended,244210,7748404,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Unreal,"The NTM definitely improved the feel and overall physics, although it still seems too easy to just mash the gas coming out of corners without having to worry about balance and oversteer. But, with a solid online mode and continued improvement to the tire model AC can surpass iRacing."
,Recommended,244210,7759744,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Flying Pig,This♥♥♥♥♥♥is off the hook!
,Recommended,244210,7760942,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,JK-47G2,"I recently bought the game and was playing around with it for a little bit.  So far I am very impressed with the game thus far.  The menu system seems very fluid though there are the odd issues with it (seems like I can't use the Xbox 360 controller to start the race I have to use a mouse and can't access menus with the controller in game).  For those familiar with Gran Turismo, its a very well thought out game and its clearly apparent that alot of thought and development has gone into the game.Take for example the car models.  The models are exceptional.  I used to be a fan of Gran Turismo but with GT5 I wasn't all that impressed with the multitude of cars (1000+) and only 100 or so having premium textures.  Something that really makes this game look alot more refined.  I have no experience with Forza so I can't comment on that.  All in all there seems to be the odd little issue here and there but generally speaking it seems to be a game looking to satisfy the growing need for a great racing sim.The game offers some assists to ease those getting into a simulator for the first time, these can be turned off once you feel comfortable with the game.Of course, being the game it is it supports racing wheels in addition to an Xbox 360 Controller.  You can also see other features (which haven't yet been implemented) such as a career mode and multiplayer modes.  Currently the game may seem rather limited in its current scope but it does look very promising to be a fantastic PC alternative to both Gran Turismo and likely Forza.  Currently, there is a practice mode, challenges and other related races and time trials.  There also appears to be a drifting course to play as well.Give it a try today by getting into the early access of the game!  Currently still in development, you can still support the continued development of the game by purchasing the game today!  New content will be added over time so keep checking for updates!I will certainly be investing more time into this game over the next few days, including using my racing wheel to really get a feel for the game!For more information, please visit the official game website:http://www.assettocorsa.net/en/"
76561198084532107,Recommended,244210,7764615,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Carabassa,If you like racing simulation you should play this game. Still not AI or multiplayer but it's coming soon.
,Recommended,244210,7766658,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Hubi 2K'10,Pretty nice racing simulator (played with G27). Looking forward for new content !
,Recommended,244210,7778294,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Beorhtnoþ,I like what I see so far. I definitely need a new video card without a doubt. This game looks like it's quite beautiful. But I can't tell with minimum video settings.
,Recommended,244210,7779410,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Jamespants,"While still an early access game, this is shaping up to be one of the best racing games of all time. The physics are fantastic, the force feedback is very communicative, and the cars and tracks are very well modelled."
76561197972997740,Recommended,244210,7779703,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Sutekh,"Currently there are only a few modes to drive in but as stated they will be getting more modes/cars/tracks later (I'm looking forward to the Lotus Type 125.) Driving around in the Lotus Exige & Elise was pretty fun on Mugello. Good cameras on replays (actual racing views, not that closeup arcade crap.) There is a lot of good telemetry within the replays to assist you get better or simply just fun to look at.Nice graphics and car sounds. From the screeching of tires to the pebbles after you go offcourse. Good handling on both of the cars from my perspective. I heard they will be raising the price upon launch and IMO it will definitely be worth the money once they put in Multiplayer, ai & career mode.I have a Fanatec GT3R w/ Logitech G25 drivers and it worked really well, I just assigned a few extra buttons around (looking left/right/handbrake/etc.) My clubsport pedals worked fine with the game, I just had to invert gas/brakes and use automatic clutch (I use paddleshifters.)"
,Recommended,244210,7780514,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,MiKeAhOwSkI,"As a long time sim racer, I can't get enough seat time with Assetto Corsa. It is a pure joy to drive and push the cars to the limit. I have fun just power sliding the street cars around, caring less about laptimes.Awesome SIm. Anyone into driving sim should own this!"
,Recommended,244210,7787463,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,HazNut,best racing sim
76561198086184653,Recommended,244210,7794095,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,elloco2007,da beeest
,Recommended,244210,7829684,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Liam,"This game is epic! I have played a lot of sims including Gran Turismo, Forza, Rfactor, Gt legends, Race 07 etc.. but this is just epic because it has really up to date graphics and the physics are perfect!! really can feel the limits of the car, suspension body roll.. everything.... brilliant 9.5/10 just waiting for the full release with more cars"
,Recommended,244210,10887350,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,gogeees,This game is so fun I spent a grand on Fanatec wheel.
76561197998573252,Recommended,244210,10256322,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,LabRat,"It's just amazing, and If you're a simracing fan and you don't own this, you're missing out big time."
76561197999813886,Recommended,244210,11346733,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Voivod,"After years and years not playing racing games on PC, which has always been my platform of choice, comes this masterpiece called Assetto Corsa. It has blown me away so far. I first played with a controller (xbox 360) and I have to say it's quite playable and lots of fun. But, truth be told, getting a decent wheel (Logitech Driving Force GT) has improved the driving experience immensely. I've never played a game that gets so close to what driving a car feels like. The physics are superb. The sense of weight and speed, the feeling of the tires, the way the car reacts when you push the throttle too much, etc...This sim is a delight. I've never really  tried proper racing simulators, the closest thing being Forza on Xbox, a great game on its own right but I can tell you now that it's certainly not a sim. Let's not talk about Gran Turismo either...The graphics look beautiful, the sound (not being the strongest point) is getting better and better, and the modding potential of this title makes it a must-have for racing fans. It's not 100% finished and the selection of cars, tracks and game modes are meager compared to what Gran Turismo or Forza have to offer but I expect it to grow a very strong community in years to come. It also helps that, unlike on those titles, EACH car behaves quite differently.Strongly recommended for racing fans."
76561198099540179,Recommended,244210,13581194,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Cowtippa,"If you're a fan of sim racing and have a wheel, this game is a must have. The list of cars and tracks isn't gigantic right now, but with what they do have in game right now, everything feels really polish.I recommend that you look up some setting for your wheel and in game setting for Assetto Crosa before you start. The first time I started the game up it felt like I was on ice, but once I did a little research on the setting the game felt AWESOME!If you're reading this review you're probably wondering if you should purchase this game. Here my honest feed back, if you don't like sim racing and are more of a arcade racing fan like Grid, GT5 or NFS you wont like this game. However, if you're fan of iracing or looking for something close to real life driving with out dying while hitting a wall at 300km/h this should be right down your ally.One things you should note before you jump the gun and purchase this game is that if you don't have a wheel, this game is going to be horrible and you're not going to have any fun. What really makes this game shine is how responsive and how good the feed back is in the wheel. You can feel every little bump and dip in the road or when you're losing traction or have to much torque.Pros:Beautiful Graphic - not the best and have room for improvment but still beautiful.Feeling of how the cars drive - All the cars have their own distinct feel.Tracks are Scanned - pretty much as acturate as it gets.Lots of settings - this can be a Pro and a Con.Cons:To many setting - this could be overwhelming for people that have no clue about cars.Don't have ingame party where I can invite a friend and jump from track to track.Doesn't have to much Tracks and Cars"
76561198064906896,Recommended,244210,14560150,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Jester,Great simulator.  I highly recommend this game due to its attention to detail.
76561198037831569,Recommended,244210,15011729,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Adolf Crocker,"In Assetto Corsa you don't drive the Car, But the Car drives you (into the wall).Amazing simulator, never had so much fun driving the Nordschleife track.10/10"
,Recommended,244210,15399827,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,-=FFC=- suprlrs,"Assetto Corsa (together with a Logitech G27 and an Oculus Rift DK2) has made all the other titles in my library, and even my other hobbies, envious. I've been enjoying racing sims since I first tried Revs on the C64, and so far Assetto Corsa is my favourite.In my opinion the Nordschleife/Nürburgring is the most exciting track of the game. It's included in the Dream Pack 1 DLC, so make sure to get the combo if you haven't already bought the game.The DK2 isn't commercially available, and support for it isn't as good in AC as in Live for Speed or Euro Truck Simulator 2. Luckily, as soon as you get in the car you'll see that none of that matters.The AC mod scene is quite active, and people have already created or converted a number of both real and imagined cars and tracks. They are all free, but feel free to press that donation button."
76561197990591446,Recommended,244210,10710848,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,☣ShadowR☣,"Great community and the most realistic driving simulator to date, graphically as well. A must have!!"
,Recommended,244210,8166550,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Fer,"Great early build, this game has a lot of potential, can't wait till the full game will be released."
76561198034497366,Recommended,244210,7762651,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Dimebag,"This sim is amazing!Everything just feels ""right"" and the cars react exactly how you intuitively expect them to react.Absolutely the best feeling sim out there"
,Recommended,244210,8432569,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,TarantinQuentino,"as a long time simulation player, this is the best driving sim ever. period. just buy it and try it out if you are fancy about driving games, you're not gonna be dissappointed."
,Recommended,244210,8413510,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Will PLZ,"Excellent and promising simulation that is easily worth every penny but (of course) it isn't perfect.  If you are capable of enjoying more than one sim then Assetto Corsa is a must-have.AI is now in, and it's decent in the 500 EsseEsse (not so much in the other cars yet). I admit that I still spend more time iracing than anything, but if you are a fan of sim racing you would probably have to be out of your mind not to grab this and support it."
,Recommended,244210,14572288,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,OneSpeedOneGear,"I bought it when it was in Alpha, and it was one of my favourite game purchases so far. Its just hours of endless fun, able to ♥♥♥♥ around all the damn time, and its too realistic. BUY PLEASE."
,Recommended,244210,14594085,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Memirzade,Best racing simulator ever !!! This is the last step of gaming with oculus rift dk2 and logitech g27 or g25. Only got few problems when you play online because they ban you from servers for several reasons. (if u slow on the road or if u cant turn the corner e.t.c. you will get banned by raged admins.)
,Recommended,244210,14658735,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,battlesamurai,great game for raceing and drifting
,Recommended,244210,14685850,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,JENZO,"Got this on Early Access. WOW so glad i did i saw from the start the race sim was going to be AMAZING!!! . This is 1 of the best race sims around. The car detail & sound seems so real , If you use a steering wheel like me the logitech G27 the way the car feels different from car to car. You can do so much with setting up your car before the race from tyres ,tyre pressure all the way up to gears , surpension. The tracks are also very good, If like me you drive from inside the car you have to learn what spot to hit the brakes or ya off spinning BUT all fun learning the tracks & once that is done then how much faster each lap & every corner how fast you can take car to the limit of spinning out.Would say that if you are a driving sim fan then you will not go wrong buying this....I do love the Zonda car in this & even managed to blow engine up trying to slow down on a sharp corner using brakes & gears let up the brake & the revs was still high for 2nd gear & BANG no more engine :( .Have fun driving & maybe you will see me in a race up against you :) ALL FUN10/10"
76561198016591197,Recommended,244210,14685866,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,HCARB,Getting Better and better    Great Sim
76561198065685793,Recommended,244210,14686219,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,TonguePunch,"I like to write something short and sweet.I am not a big fan of Racing Games... But with my Driving Force Gt, I have not been able to put this game down yet.Great game and one i will be investing much time in."
,Recommended,244210,14716971,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Cam3n2123,Loved it
76561198007547564,Recommended,244210,14729895,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,agsdplaying,"i keep getting ac,exe crashes all the time .like the game when it works"
76561197976843704,Recommended,244210,14733470,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Mjugen,Best sim ever.
,Recommended,244210,14735927,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Hairy Balls,Best driving game out there!
,Recommended,244210,14606747,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Swervin Ervin,"a must have if youre into drifting, hands down best physics and feel for drifting out of any PC game ive ever played."
76561198054899964,Recommended,244210,14634057,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,DennyCZE_LoL,Amazing Game!Amazing Racing Simulator!:)
,Recommended,244210,14634110,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Sleeper Shark,Assetto Corsa is the reason i bought G27 and Playseat
76561198094890303,Recommended,244210,14667162,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,fitz the viking,"this is an excellent simulator, cars handle really well. i use the g27 with this with great sucess and have a lot of fun, i really struggled with the controller.the graphics are alright, the rendering of the stock cars is just good enough, when you are looking for racing line late apexes, concerntrating on your trail braking you dont notice the graphics so much.tyre profile is a lovely edition.the online gaming is alright, i dont find that many people to play with.  after 800+hours on forza 5 the online is surely lacking but makes up for it with the physics and handling.the community is great too, loads of user designed tracks and cars to use. and hillclimbs!!!!! my god i love hill climbs, such an underrated element to motorsport."
,Recommended,244210,14668375,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Moose,The best wheel and driving physics of any racing gameOculus Rift SupportCommunity Moddable10/10 this game will only be getting better over the next couple of years.
76561198024954159,Recommended,244210,13195214,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Tom SR3,"Amazingly great fun, this sim. The mix of street and racecars is great, you get a great feel from the cars in this game. Tracks are nicely built and give the right feeling.Modability is good as well, I love it when a community picks up a game like this, the amount of development is amazing.After driving rFactor for years I feel this is a great succeeder."
76561197961734968,Recommended,244210,12231037,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Socrates_-,"1v1 get rekt!Best sim out there, and not to mention the best graphics bar none."
,Recommended,244210,8241349,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,merckx,"An early access game as of yet, but development and content seems very speedy. It's quickly shaping up to be one of the best feeling, playing, and looking race sim ever. The physics feel very, very good, lots of input device support and customization, and the game is promised to be very supportive of mods. The UI is awesome, especially in-car/race where you can customize it however you'd like, and do it very simply.Definitely keep an eye on this sim if you choose not to buy into the early access model."
76561198032135621,Recommended,244210,10895679,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Cyrax nzed,very very very x 2000000 goodmoney well spent love this sim
76561198096551211,Recommended,244210,11021392,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Mobydick,Great game. I would recomend it to everyone who likes realistic racing sims. Also there is a great and honest developement team behind Assetto Corsa. There is new content roughly every two weeks so it shouldn't get boring and very important to note modding is enabled for this game.
76561197965026649,Recommended,244210,7941867,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Kahuna,"Assetto Corsa has become one of my all time favorite simulation engines. While it may lack (currently) the weight and tire grip that that likes of the GTR series and LFS are renowned for it certainly compensates for that with wonderfully distilled handling. A gorgeous graphics and sound engine don't hurt either. This game also caters for open wheel, GT, track day, fast road and road cars and this is only at the 3rd update of an early access product. Hot lap, Practice, Drift modes are currently present and a superb selection of tracks. All the boxes are currently ticked for a great racing simulation. I highly encourage anyone with gasoline in their viens to take the plunge and support this game."
76561198088540972,Recommended,244210,7994390,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,sno250,Excellent! The cars are gorgeous and the tracks are awesome.
76561198121305699,Recommended,244210,11177920,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,risingnight,"I left a bad review before and since then, the developers have made SO many updates! This game has WAY more support for people who cannot have a wheel (financial issues from me) and are stuck with the Xbox 360 controller. Online, for me, was a bit difficult to connect to, but I'll get it eventually. The racing is so much better, the cars feel realistic, and it's an all out racing simulator! Great job for the devs, love the game now, totally recommend to everyone!"
,Recommended,244210,11239297,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Kilocybin|MAD6,"Amazing graphics for one, massive attention to detail on control realism, rivals all the Forza titles and Grand Torismo titles, incomplete at the moment being an open alpha, but its worth the money. Can't wait to see what this becomes. not recomended if you suck at real life driving..."
76561197993256111,Recommended,244210,11278848,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Uzi [OTG],"If you have a decent gaming rig and a WHEEL this is a great game.Yes, it is in development, still in early stages.Quite playable and seems a lot more realistic than typical arcade type car games.I would not buy this if all I had was a keyboard, mouse , or stick/xbox controller. You need a wheel set up.A G27 Logitech is a sensible choice.Works great with TrackIR5 but needs improvement in that area but is serviceable with that device.Getting controls set up was a bear but not too bad, as I managed to figure it out. Setup guides on the net forvarious wheel types.No default (at present) Logitech MoMo pre-setup support but the MoMo does work with it , tested by me with my old Momo.If you want a decent experience use recommended minimum PC specs.  Looks great, plays good.Got this on Steam Sale but I""d not wait for a sale if you are even a half♥♥♥♥♥car racing sim type person, WITH A WHEEL."
76561197965517138,Recommended,244210,11511828,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Mandible,"If your a sim racing fan, you must own this game.... It's really that simple."
,Recommended,244210,13909647,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Loxagos Dimitris,"Well..... if you want the best Racing Sim for the pc just pick it up! The community is great and it is constantly getting biger with more and more mods added. The developers themselves are awesome, they hear what the community wants and do it. Finally, as the game evolves more features are being added making the game even better! However, the only thing a have problems with is the multiplayer. There are not so many servers and most of them are empty or there is a connection problem. I think these issues will be adressed as the multiplayer is a new feature added to the game."
,Recommended,244210,13915634,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Special Agent K,"Pros:Realistic SimulationPlenty of options for controlsGreat Graphics and UIGood car tuning systemCons:Not that many cars or tracks, compared to gt or forzaCan't buy cars or upgradesSo the actual driving is better than GT and Forza, but there just arent as many features. It feels as-is because you don't have a garage and there arent 100s of cars, but still worth getting if you like racing games."
,Recommended,244210,15247972,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Slab SquatThrust,"This is simply the best racing game I've every tried. The graphics are excellent, the sound design perfect, the car-feeling and response is realistic. There are many awesome car to ride. It's beautifully optimized, on a 4790k with a 770 GTX it runs about 160 FPS on maximum settings. The game modes are varied, if you don't feel like pursuing the career mode there's both online, time trials, drifting and just practicing, competing against your own laptimes, which is a lot more fun than one should think.Cons are the menus that seem a bit weird, the ""start race""-button that you need to click with a mouse and not some dedicated button, this means that the cursor stays on the screen, unless you move it (well, it does on mine, I have two screens). But nothing that takes away from the fact that this game is great.You need a wheel and pedals so bad that I actually went out and purchased a logitech G27, with the force feedback tearing round the nurnburg-ring it's a white knuckle ride."
76561198140544673,Recommended,244210,15251125,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,RUBBER-DUCK-IRL,well worth buying
,Recommended,244210,23084139,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,☜☆Pulse☆☞,Very cool game i use a controller bc i dont have enough to just spend on a wheel but i have played this game before on a wheel and feels very good closes racing game to real life i have to say if u have a wheel u will love it if u have a controller might take a while setting up the controls to how u like them but when u get it will be worth the wait
76561198305432249,Recommended,244210,23100648,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,almejren1980,hello i can not play the race not loading please help me tell me what I have to do
,Recommended,244210,23103045,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,TurmxHun farmskins.com,"This game is the best simulator.This game is fully moddable.This game has  beautiful graphics.You can mod this game easily.If you like driving and you like cars, you have to buy it."
76561197970772672,Recommended,244210,23104523,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,S.P.Q.R.,"Simply the best simulation that I've ever played.Got 23 hours and counting now, with all the Dream Pack (1/2/3)Playing with the G25 from Logitech. Pure Joy !!!"
76561198082597137,Recommended,244210,8507675,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Mr Meeseeks,very good
,Recommended,244210,9367446,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Nodieza,"Hands down, best racing simulator ever. Hard to play any other racing game (using a wheel) after experiencing this. And to think, this is just the beginning for the game..."
,Recommended,244210,9371187,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,ZazmaN7,This is Awesome Great Sim Cars :-) I Recommened
,Recommended,244210,9375291,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Apex,"Despite being a little lean on content due to still being in Early Access, Assetto Corsa is a fantastic racing game. Excellent physics, along with great visuals and sound really help it's immersion and playing with a wheel is probably the best racing experience I've had in a game."
76561198020426526,Recommended,244210,9388572,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,DMR06,Nice one . keep up the good work :)
,Recommended,244210,9400201,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Z.Ibrahimovic,"Is it worth it? YES !!!My experience with racinggames: I started with NFS in 1995, play with a wheel since NFS HP 1998 and like both arcade andsimulation. My most enjoyed game is DTM3 as it offered the best competitive online challange to me.At this moment the game is still in Early Access and does not include a multiplayersection yet. It however does offer quite a number of well detailed cars and laserprecise tracks. I'm looking forward to what is coming as the game keeps bonding me even when it is only singleplayer at this moment.Assetto Corsa, the good things:- There is a well detailed custom controller setup- You can tweak your car as expected when getting a racingsimulator- The carhandling is very good. Only Richard Burns Rally offered me a better experience.- You can tweak your videodetails as desired between various steps. The game even runs smooth on my tablet on medium/high quality, without AI. My tablet's CPU and GPU are below the minimum specs as described in the steamstore.- You can turn on/off and position heads up display as you want (and probably add more by installing mods)- The game is mod friendly, user created cars and tracks to be expected.- The game offers extreme detailed functioning HUD's.- The game is a good simulator. For people loving arcade games, the assist functions have the potential to make it a great game aswell, but these functions still need working on.Assetto Corsa, the bad things (alphaa fase):- There is a number of 'holes' in some tracks which penalise you by wrecking your car.- New in this alphaa stage are AI cars, but they tend to use 100% of the CPU on a full grid... (I have 24 cores)- There is no damage model (yet).- Damage does not influence carbehavior (yet).- Assist functions for both wheel and keyboard/gamepad don't allow you to drift when desired, also having difficulties with launching cars and the brakinglines are incorrect.- All cars best launch is full throttle in this game, like you don't lose grip... even with launchcontrol turned off.- Some achievements are too easy, some too difficult. Time Attack, start extreme slow means gold achievement, dragracing full throttle launch is win all, drifting goldcoins are doable, but you need to go sideways all the way instead of driving the tracks which is kind of pointless and you can't achieve it by just driving and drifting in the corners, you need to drift on the straights.I give the game for it's current state a 7/10. A multiplayersection, extra content, damagemodels, fixed assist functions and fixed bugs can seartenly raise that number."
,Recommended,244210,10236867,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,wbrian200,"Awesome racing sim, even if it wasn't still in Beta, and a multiplayer Alpha.  Come a retail release, this racing experience will be first class all the way, and will only continue to get better over time."
,Recommended,244210,10390843,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,[DNA] Killer in the Bush,great game cant wait for some extra tracks but its in beta ofcourse they will come
,Recommended,244210,9380913,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Jan Quadrant Vincent,"I literally built a simulator in anticipation of the release of this title. With that being said, I am both completely in love with it, and disgusted by it at the same time. Why?When you get the game running the way it should (for a little while at least) It's freaking amazing. I own practically every racing game there is to date, and the handling, physics, and graphics are awe inspiring. Coming from iRacing, it feels far more real. You don't just lose traction randomly. It feels very realistic. You can counter steer, downshift, or drift to recover from a little too much meat in the sandwich coming to a turn, which is awesome, and it feels like it should. I drove patrol cars at high speeds for many years, and I can tell you the induced skid feels genuine. The recovery, depending on the particular car is there too. Bottom line, amazing, outstanding game, and when it gets close to release I am sure it will put a lot of other titles to bed.Now for why I hate it.I run an AMD 8 core 4.2ghz machine, with 16gb of ram, and 2 ATI HD7870's in Crossfire.. Logitech G27, triple Asus 1080p Monitors, and so on.. My system is pretty outstanding.When you load up to play, the video options are sort of useless. There are options you've never seen in any game before, that you won't understand. I still don't. The most common options aren't there. What the problem is, in case you have it, is HDR.Apparently, with the AMD drivers that are currently available, (Including the new Beta drivers I got last night) They simply can't use the in-game HDR. What happens? This absolutely disgusting flickering, not only accross the entire screen, but also on all shaded objects. It took me forever to figure out that it was the HDR doing it.Turning off HDR and turning the faces thing to an even number fixed it for me, but I feel like I am missing a lot by not being able to use those options. With 2 $500 video cards, you'd think you'd be able to beef everything up.. Not in this case.I'm sure they'll fix it eventually, so don't let that issue stop you from picking it up. The gameplay is fantastic, and well worth the money if you are a sim racer.Also, the selection of cars currently available is pretty outstanding as well. Keep in mind, this is a euro based game, though they will offer us a C7 Corvette soon, which is pretty awesome.I give the game a 9 out of 10, and it's not a 10 solely for the reason that it is still in development, and has a lot of bugs. It crashes often for me, sometimes completely locking my system up, but again, I get it. It's in development. It's the price you pay for getting in early. I've done a ton of alpha and beta testing since 1999, so I am used to it, but for someone that is freaked out by that stuff, or gets angry easily, maybe you should wait until the full release.Whether you choose to get it today, or down the road when it's complete, get it. It's awesome. Even with it's bugs, having to reset my PC 12x a day, I still play it, and I still enjoy the hell out of it. It's awesome. Get it."
,Recommended,244210,9382700,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,take a chance,"Physhics are top notch, feels like you are driving the carSound is astoniching, sounds beautifully realisticGraphics are also great.BUY IT"
76561198013363769,Recommended,244210,9387125,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Slobbtor,"So far so good.  I havent had a chance to take a lotus gp out on monza since Gran Prix Legends.  If you are a fan of the racing sim genre this game is on point.  Very good physics, good force feed back and customisable vehicle set ups."
,Recommended,244210,11197105,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Kim Jong-Fun,Really looking forward to the career mode update. The mechanics are all there and it feels ridiculously realistic.There's still some polish required. I had a couple of races where my car refused to come out of neutral on the line and the racing line/brake distance indicator doesn't change according to your speed or the capability of your brakes but you expect a lack of polish during early access.Not sure if it's worthy of £30 at this point but I expect once this game is released you'll see that as a great investment.
76561198013461126,Recommended,244210,11213025,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,PaperCoyote,"I have only played a short amount of time, but I am already in love with this game.  If it is this good pre-release, I cannot wait for it to go gold. The Tracks, the cars, the customization, the budding modding community, etc... all come toether to make this a worthwhile purchase for any racing sim fan."
76561198150945167,Recommended,244210,14861254,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,VaapCloud9,"This game is a ""Must Have"" for DK2 users.  One of the most immersive VR experiences I have ever had the privilidge to play. The dream car pack and the update trhat came with it fixed all my previous DK2 issues. VR now works flawlessly."
,Recommended,244210,23097146,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,『氷の竜』,"Great game. However, found some game breaking glitches in my first 10 minutes of playing after buying this game. Hope to see the developers fix the glitches."
76561197985507481,Recommended,244210,10634871,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Nari,"Best racing simulation at the moment.I've played and enjoyed throughout the years most of the simulators  available in the market (rfactor, GTR2,  gsc, iracing, race07 series, etc.)  and also the new titles. Truth is, I cannot go back to any of them because they simply feel... lacking. The sense of immersion is incredible (physics-wise), I have never driven anything that feels so close to the real thing (or at the very least that gives me the illusion that I am driving a real sports car). Ever since I started playing Asseto, I can't drive anything else because I feel disconnected. The feel of the road, the sensation when you are beginning to lose traction, the possibility to regain control... it's difficult to explain, but if not perfect (what is?), they have managed to certainly go in the right direction with this title.The graphics, etc are also pretty convincing, but in this area I would say it has more competition (Project cars or RRRE just to name a few. The sounds are correct but at the time of this writing not final, and they just announced that they are going to change them so they are more  accurate and immersive.Of course, bear in mind that this is early access so that means that there are still things missing (proper race weekends, pit stops, polish multiplayer and AI, etc.) Some of these things are important, others not so much, but at the end of the day, having seen what they have managed to do so far, I am convinced that the result will appeal to a lot of people that love simulations and motor sports."
,Recommended,244210,10766427,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,RanchMeMello,I used to play on a gamepad but then I got a decent wheel. I downloaded some new cars and tracks and now I am a drift junkie. Send help.10/10 would get sideways again.
,Recommended,244210,11369677,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,iGobzilla,"Early Access impressions are through the roof. Once the full game releases, Assetto Corsa will be a legendary driving sim."
,Recommended,244210,9273121,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,iancmp,Simply stunning!!
76561197973646245,Recommended,244210,9367476,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Duvel,Easily the most realistic digital driving experience I've had.Feels very lifelike in combination with a Logitech G27.Love it.
,Recommended,244210,9378895,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,TouchMyButt,"I really enjoy this game. The graphics are awesome, the physics of the cars are great, and the tracks are sweet. You really get a feel for the car and the track. They used this same technology in Victory: the age of racing. I play that as well now. Our group simply can not wait for this game to go over the wire. It's going to be awesome and I'm very happy to be part of the process. I would like to see ""more"" F1, legend, and classic cars in the game. They have a lot of sweet cars, but I'm really hooked on the whole Formula gig. This thing is on sale now, I'm considering buying it for a few friends due to the reduction, but I would pay full price for the game again. This game is really nice, coming from a guy who's purchased a lot of racing games and been very disappointed until now."
,Recommended,244210,9384974,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,][ ам ует¡,"Still very unfinished, but a solid base with lots of potential. (March 8, 2014 prerelease). I'm really excited to see a game similar to Forza 4 come to the PC. Will be keeping an eye on it."
,Recommended,244210,9385392,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,leokris,highly Recommended
,Recommended,244210,10219058,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Sixth.Gear,Probably one of the best looking and best handling racing sims out there right now. Rivals classics like Live For Speed!
76561197965486368,Recommended,244210,10221052,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Beef Whiskers,"This is by far the best racing simulator on the market. The multiplayer is a little slow to get into games, but its pretty worth it. Very well made. Awesome engine noises (which is my main complaint with most other driving games) really make this gold."
,Recommended,244210,10230515,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Ramon van Rijn,This game will be awesome when it is released
76561198029299821,Recommended,244210,10301916,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,EbenY,WOW
76561197984815834,Recommended,244210,11361832,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,bauaganov,"Still in alpha stage but what a game! If you're a big fan of online or even single player simulation level racing, you'll have to get it NOW! There is no career available yet, however it will be implemented in future releases I'm sure."
76561198023108168,Recommended,244210,9286493,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,fernando.dasilva,"If you love racing and love realism and love great racing sims. Just go right ahead and click on that buy button, it will be the best decision that you have ever made, trust me. AC is by far the best looking, physics, and sounding racing sim by far. I have never experienced a Sim that gives me goose bumps while driving like AC has and it's only in Dev stages still when this is full retail I think all the free time that I have will be consumed by this. If you are looking for a realistic sim then look no further it will be the best $40 you have spent this year. I guarantee it."
,Recommended,244210,9324037,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,gedora13,Simply - great game and not even finished!
76561198014216662,Recommended,244210,9365650,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,5FDP,"Assetto Corsa is the best racing sim to date. With fantastic physics and next-gen graphics and constant updates, Assetto corsa will become an all time classic for the PC scene of racing sims."
76561197970630999,Recommended,244210,9366161,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,D3LiR10uS™,"Amazing game and sooo addicting! The cars look incredible and....and... just wow! just get it, you wont regret it!!"
76561197996101675,Recommended,244210,9369540,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,p0g18ry,"I love this game!!! I have been playing car games since DOS and this game has introduced me to the world that is real life simulation. If you are looking for the next step in your car gaming, grab yourself a wheel, shifter, pedals and strap in for a thrill ride! Completely worth the investment; It will be a while before I go back to Need For Speed."
76561198047283647,Recommended,244210,9375048,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,The Apocalypse of Moe,"Picked this up a couple days before it went on sale on Steam (boo!) However ... I can't say I regret that, because this sim is amazing, even with a run-of-the-mill XBox 360 controller. The physics and controls feel spot-on (i.e. shifts work the way they do in real life, and the cars seem to act like I've seen them act ... i.e. driving the FWD hopped-up (Abarth) Fiat 500 is a different experience from driving a BMW 1 Series M, which is a different experience from driving a mid-80s BMW M3 (which feels quite 'nervous' in the back,) which is radically different from driving a Pagani Zonda R.Better still, everything that happens in the game I can really only blame on my driving, and not some limitation of the game's physics."
76561198001196101,Recommended,244210,9377846,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,NayNem,"This is the best racing sim I have ever played, can't wait for the finished product."
76561198114427246,Recommended,244210,9381054,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,begin2484,"You need to add a clutch on LB button on the 360 controller, its a must."
76561198014342094,Recommended,244210,9386414,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Shaker,My first impressions are this is a wonderful SIMt is everything I had hoped R3E would have been. Handling feels realistic. Graphics are detailed and smooth. SO far so good.
76561198019123675,Recommended,244210,9387288,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Miro's,"Very, very good simulator. Requires proper steering wheel with pedals. Miles better then anything else currently available for PC, possibly even for XBOX/PS. Could do with a bit more cars available but the developers say more are coming, so good news. You do need a good hardware though to run it."
,Recommended,244210,9389550,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,DTM Derrick,"Anyone looking for an awesome, constantly growing, kept up to date with constant addons real racing sim, this is what you're after!"
76561197972644547,Recommended,244210,9404232,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,SiR-Lloyd,"I've been trying to find the ultimate driving simulation since 1997. Here it is. It's got everything except for the forces on the body, which will come in the future I'm sure. Codemasters need to just turn a few laps with the new Lotus (F1) car and see how it should be done - Sheer perfection. How they do this I will never know. I can't rate this highly enough."
,Recommended,244210,10076871,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,hmmmm!,"Despite it's an early access game, it's stunningly realistiy, I am amazed by this game, really good job."
,Recommended,244210,10113825,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Face,finally a developer got a good pc racing game multiplayer ready
76561197962403824,Recommended,244210,10119600,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,BLAST,"if u never tried a race sim definatly the one to get, really fun game!"
76561197996319710,Recommended,244210,10120192,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Johnny Boy,The game is GREAT! A real racing Simulator. I'm hopping to see more cars when the final version comes out.I totally recomend this to anymone who likes CARS and REALISM!
76561198099675739,Recommended,244210,10194441,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Gambino,"Play this game with an Oculus Rift, it will blow your mind!Oculus Assetto Video Review:http://youtu.be/7R5swCafrOs"
,Recommended,244210,10335598,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,ltkermit,"The best racing sim I have ever played, period. If you enjoy racing, get this now!"
,Recommended,244210,10371770,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,iToaster,"It's still in early access, but what you get so far is a rather good simulation of racing. It has a very realistic physics model, the force feedback systems (if you have a FFB wheel) are amazing, and each car feels massively different, as well as many assists that can be turned off or on depending on how good you are and how much control you want.For race game enthusiasts like myself, it's worth the price easily, especially considering how much content is yet to be released.HOWEVER.There are some things I hope they improve in the future - for example:1. The engine sounds on the cars are nowhere near as good as they could be, or as I would expect from a game as graphically detailed and realistic as this is. Sound effects as a whole sound a decade old, sometimes more depending on the car, and sometimes less as well. Compared to games such as, say, Shift 2 Unleashed which has extremely well made sound effects, it's a bit lackluster - but a small complaint.2. The cars don't seem to be able to simulate physical damage nor stallouts, outside of a full engine blowout by deliberately shifting into a gear that's too low. However, as I understand this should be coming in the future.Other than these, however, so far the game has come across very nicely and is probably the most realistic simulation out there for racing. I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,244210,10675806,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,『❄hAREISHOUN』,_Best next-gen racing simulator ATM._Sick Graphics_Top notch physics_Multiplayer needs a bit of work_Still an early acces9/10
,Recommended,244210,10683101,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,H4ZZ4R,"Really happy with this game right now. Of course its no finished product at the moment, however what you do get is a fantastic experience, even now. The cars each sound unique and they way they would, producing a real WOW factor at high revs. The graphics eclipse any other racing sim out there on PC and these two features really make it shine. It did take a while to find a steering setup that suited me, however."
76561198068818711,Recommended,244210,11938772,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,¤CvG¤™ smm1114,"I definitly recommend this game for any car/driver enthusiast.But there are a few things to consider at this current moment:*edit after 1.0.0 RC came out*-This simulation is best played with a racing wheel, not a controller or keyboard (for the best experience)-This game is not comparable to Shift or Shift2, this program makes them look like arcade games.-The game is much more complete now that the final version is outAssetto Corsa is where it's at.  I love it!100/100"
76561198118437553,Recommended,244210,15204263,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,[LOST]Pikachupeepee,cannot wait for game to be complete
76561198061969835,Recommended,244210,8514316,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,baconfaetures,Great game so far cant wait for full features drift with a G27 is amazing
76561198056684062,Recommended,244210,9326756,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,change name,"Absolutely bada$$ game with some bada$$ cars.So glad we finally have a good racing sim here on PC. Highly recommded, and cant wait till the game is finished and we have online racing as well as a career mode."
,Recommended,244210,9368480,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Dark Cypher,"Coming from iracing and rfactor I was a skeptic of this show pony. WRONG, turn off the assists and this shines, its as good as any hardcore racer around."
76561198017918040,Recommended,244210,15081944,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,MTX,"Very good simulator, excelent force feedback."
,Recommended,244210,19784100,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,keisari,You ain't seen nothing until you've seen Green Hell going 300km/h down the straights. 10/10 would shart my pants again
,Recommended,244210,24330910,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Cypeky hellcase.com,That game is for you if you are looking for race sim. I think for people that play on keyboard it would be hard to get used to this game so i mostly recommend you getting it if you have a wheel or pad :).
76561198029894658,Recommended,244210,25642916,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Jaycastle,"This is easily the best racing simulator I've played. The FFB is awesome, the feel of each car is unique, the sounds are awesome, the graphics are beautiful, and the modding available for the game just tops it off.I own 2 real drift cars, and have drifted both in Australia and in Japan. After the Japanese pack came out I got straight into drifting in Assetto Corsa. This lead me on a path to find some more tracks, and more cars, I've trawled the internet for what seems like days and downloaded everything I can find including many famous tracks in Japan including some of the Ebisu tracks (Minami, Kita, Higashi, and Nishi), Nikko Circuit, Meihan, Bihoku, and many many more.After this I decided to suss out the online community and have found places to do judged virtual drift competitons, plenty of lads to run trains with, and usually a server close enough with a low ping.I can't put the game down now and I'm looking into new steering setups, the current old Fanatec wheel is a bottleneck to the experience.The low price point and consistent updates from Kunos are awesome, the physics in this game have improved a number of times over it's lifetime.I can't fault this game 11/10."
,Recommended,244210,25323624,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Corolla,deja vu
,Recommended,244210,24436167,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,DarthFuzzum,"Bro, do you even assetto?"
76561198166030721,Recommended,244210,27078598,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Athbi,Racing game of the year.1573829/10
76561198106863165,Recommended,244210,26186355,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Lickedeyes,"Literally, the best racing simulator ive ever played.  time and time again, i keep coming back for the realism. :)"
76561198262844376,Recommended,244210,26215428,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Brian Himmelman,I am continuously impressed with the support and evolution of this sim. They have excellent VR support.
76561198168618781,Recommended,244210,22626956,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Captn' tunabeerd,"it""s a really god simulator but... you must really work on A.I. because its terrible :p they dont care if you are in corner or beside them they always turn you around and race is over.... work on that pls 9/10"
76561198082237561,Recommended,244210,26620859,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,cote_jocelyn,Great race simulator. I finally found something better then Grand Tourismo on Play Station. Adjustments on the cars are very detailed. The driving can be fun or very difficult depending on how you feel that day and how you set your races. The big advantage is the online racing. There is a large following of this game and an infinite number of real drivers to compete with.The only down side is the number of cars. Some other games have tons of cars to drive. But I must admit that all cars are very different to drive and need different setups. I also bought a Porch add-on for more cars and was not disappointed by the quality and specs of the cars.If you like a flexible racing simulator that can be easy or maddeningly difficult and always great fun be sure to try Assetto Corsa!
76561197993564736,Recommended,244210,28075668,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,EdTwo'Onine,Must have for any sim racer fan.
,Recommended,244210,26232096,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Stoli,"10/10 this is the kind of game that is exactly like dust_ii. Whether you're rushing long A as fast as possible, or trying the tricky corners of rushing lower to mid.This game is all about speed and rushing, none of that slow play stuff."
76561198095471735,Recommended,244210,27639929,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Juliusss,Next Gran Turismo?
,Recommended,244210,28073471,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,✔️EXC2E,"I think the best racing game i have ever played, can really teach your some basic stuff about cars."
76561197968822879,Recommended,244210,27398382,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,G-Meister,"This is THE benchmark for racing/driving simulators today. No, it isn't perfect, but the developers are constantly improving the game."
,Recommended,244210,26019055,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,auto fire,"I used to think Need for Speed Shift 1 and 2 were real simulators (I was just a teen at that time)... until I got Assetto Corsa. At the time, this was the first game I purchased on Steam that cost more than €20.This was a really tough game when I first started. But I thought then this game was the most accurate racing simulator I had ever played (some users will argue that's not the case though). So I bought a Logitech G27 so I could stop sucking. And now I do pretty good! I suggest you buy a steering wheel too!I enjoy every second of the game: getting the feel of the different cars and beating my personal records on Nordschleife is what brings me back to Assetto Corsa again and again.On the other hand, the graphics aren't that great compared to Project Cars (which I also own), the AI isn't perfect at all and the selection of cars is not huge. But the DLCs really do make up for it! My favorite DLC is definitely the Japanese Pack.In conclusion: I really do recommend this game for those who want to try out racing simulators!"
,Recommended,244210,26888210,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Maacka,"I personally find that Assetto Corsa's biggest strength is the broad range of modded content available, offering more content than any single team of developers could provide. This can keep the attention of even add sim racers as there is always something new to try. The base cars included with the game are moreso street/'normal' cars, which at the very least provides refreshing and unique experiences not found in other simulators. However there are also a strong collection of race cars to satisfy racing needs. Great feedback and vehical dynamics make the driving experience very addictive!It is important to note that although this game is very playable with a controller and some practice, it comes to life with a force feedback wheel."
,Recommended,244210,28087991,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,🅱ordon 🅱amsay,"It's simply said Perfect.I am currently using a Xbox-360 Controller and i've got to say the support for controllers is amazing (out of the box ofc.). You still feel or see the reaction of the car, with that you won't have much trouble to countersteer and so on. You could also look up for some guides to make your experience better."
,Recommended,244210,28057876,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Bullet1025,"I play allot of driving simulators of different areas, ETS, ATS, F1 series, Project Cars to name a few. I was unsure about AC and put it of for a long time before buying it eventualy. I was deeply dissapointed....in myself for not buying it sooner. I play with a G27 and 3x 27"" Monitors in Eyefinity and it is absolutely briliant. One of..if not the best and most realistic simulator I have played to date.With this said, I do have to say that buying the game alone is pointless, you have to get all DLC to give you flexibility in car choice so keep that in mind. One more thing is that VW is not in the game which I find disapointing, I know its a racing sim but sometimes the smaller cheaper cars can be more fun than an all out race car. Where is Merc AMG 45, VW Golf GTI, VW Golf R, Opel Corsa, Opel Astra, where are all the hot hatches? Come on AC, give us the hatches and also Aston Martin would be nice. I have all DLC packs and would definately buy more if I can get Aston Martin, and hot hatches. On the other hand...bloody good work on geting Porche. Not many games have them, very nice to see.All in all its a beautiful and fun well designed game, physics are fantastic, sounds are amazing and you have to know what you are doing to go fast without ending up backwards in a cloud of smoke when all assists like ABS and TC is turned off.If you like realistic racing sims then buy it now. If you are a casual racer and want to get better also buy it now, if you just want to have fun...buy it now."
,Recommended,244210,32158236,Posted: 3 June,all,S3Mi,IMHO Best racing game available. Combined with Dirt Rally gives you best driving experience all around.
,Recommended,244210,27222715,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,benceboc,The best racing experience on PC!
,Recommended,244210,27172024,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Peshul,gotta go fast
,Recommended,244210,26185350,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,SWA Vberl,Great Game. Love the realistic feel of the game. It also works well with my Logitech G29 wheel. It is definatly worth 29.99 Euros.
76561198067674227,Recommended,244210,24021657,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,你妈妈,I've been pretty much been sucked into sim racing after I played Assetto Corsa.
,Recommended,244210,23949187,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,AER0D,"The physics on this game are pretty spot on, but not close to real life. Thankfully modding is allowed so you can tweak and fine tune the steering settings even more. Although, lacks in content compared to Forza and GT. (Again you can mod Tracks,Cars,sounds) (Not really the same as having it already) If you have a steering wheel and a gaming PC I recommand this game over Pcars."
,Recommended,244210,7716291,"Posted: 22 November, 2013",all,DOGjuggler,This has to be the best sim on the market at the moment.The 'feel' when driving is incredible.The graphics are great as well.
,Recommended,244210,7623027,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,エース極端,"The most realistic racing simulator. It's not your regular racing title but if you love realistic physics, this is the title to get. If you have not heard of rFactor, Netkar Pro, iRacing, etc, then you should stay away from this. No, GT5 and Forza does not even come close."
76561198001086456,Recommended,244210,7603056,"Posted: 8 November, 2013",all,Dinca Andrei,OUTSTANDING!!!
,Recommended,244210,7607749,"Posted: 8 November, 2013",all,Bathtub Barracuda,"Like Jesus, nothing compares."
76561198039608868,Recommended,244210,9215247,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Harold,"A fantastic game for any Racing fan out there. The physics in this game set it apart from any other sim out there; they are realistic yet superbly fun. Even while playing with a gamepad, you can't help but smile when you drive around a corner (even if you end up spinning out).  It's in beta so they are still making tweaks and releasing content every two weeks. However, even in its unifinshed state I would say Assetto corsa is a MUST BUY!"
76561198026317508,Recommended,244210,9195756,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,m.pegasiou,"what a racing simulator.This is why I game on pc.Realism is great,feel everything through my g27 most importantly you can tell when you are losing the back end or understeering through weight and subtle vibration so you can control it.When driving the x-bow I can feel every bump of the track that makes the visible suspension go up and down fantastic.I have done some track days in various cars and a lot of go-karting and this is the nearest I have got to the feeling of reality in a game.I have also got gt5 for ps3,race room pc,all the simbin games in fact,r-factor etc.. none of them are as good as this,can't wait for the whole game to be complete.code seems very good so far,no glitches and consistent frames way above 60fps although my tv wont do any higher.engine sounds are very realistic for example the  f40,458 and x-bow are all I have driven so far but all sound spot on.was watching chris harris driving the f40 on youtube and straight after was driving the game and sounded spot on!!!"
,Recommended,244210,8733489,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Rohki,"Handles a bit clunky and has issues in a few places, but the cars are expertly made, tracks are beautiful, and the game overall looks clean and sharp. Make it a bit less clunky menu and driving with a controller wise and it will be a great addition to the very few PC racing games on the market!"
76561198007942757,Recommended,244210,8610811,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,PhatMan T,"one word.... cracking!you can play it with a xbox360 controller and can be set up to feel like forza (only better), can even drift a 458 Italia, sweet!"
76561198098434690,Recommended,244210,8612557,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Dio Brando,"Amazing game, graphics are superior, gameplay is fluid, and controls are extremely responsive. I love this game, it is truly a next gen racer."
,Recommended,244210,8612738,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,thelovingsun,"Awesome, would suggest if you want a realistic racing sim on steam. If you have a racing wheel i would certainly purchase this game immedietly. currently it is in early access so, not all, or even that many features are useable at the moment, but will be in future updates. love the game it's great, just wouldn't get it if you only have a keyboard and mouse to use!"
76561198038636999,Recommended,244210,8598756,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,robdavis78,"I was going to wright a really long review about all the reasons this game is worth the coin, but look im not into racing games that much, let alone driving simulations, but in my opinion this game isf-in awesome.I now have to buy a logitech steering wheel and another two monitors because its that good. dont get me wrong its not bad on my 360 cotroller if you change to the settings given on the forum, I like the way that sometimes you have to bring the steering wheel back if you overturn it feels quite realistic even though its on the controller, although it takes a little getting used to.I just hope that these guys finish this game off, as aparently they have tendency to leave things incomplete, but this seriously has the potential to be the best racing game across all platforms, please just make the suspention feel a bit harder as you would'nt see a zonda bouncin down the road like a tractor (slight exageration).I see there is some people that have reviewed the game saying that its terrible and unplayable, but in my opinion these are people that dont have the hardware to run it well or that dont have the patience to get the settings to there personal preference.Oh Look it was a pretty long review anyway haha :)"
76561198068850209,Recommended,244210,14751526,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Eldar DT7,Un jeu excellent pour passer a la simu !An excellent game to start simracing ;)
76561198042028891,Recommended,244210,8291586,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,patriot,This is a racing SIM. / Racing game. So get ready for realalism. And pure joy when playing this game. If you're a petrol head. and like racing games. buy this. NOTE : When writing this the game is currently in alpha stage.
,Recommended,244210,8747613,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Argentum1,"It's just THE racing simulator. IT's THE benchmark. Just buy it! Kudos to Kunos! lol.Now seriously talking... In a scale from 0-10, I give:Graphics: 9Audio: 10Gameplay: 10Physics: 9While it's not a finished game, it's already a superb racing simulator. Those who love NFS series (i.e., arcade racing) will probably not like this game, because it feels very realistic. Forget about drifting easily, it will require from the player a lot of driving before you master the game."
76561198032011709,Recommended,244210,8766550,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,digital_peer,"Assetto corsa comes from the school of thought that if its entirely too hard to keep the car in control and in a straight line it must be a good simulator. Which is just not right.If driving cars was as hard as this game makes out, we would all be in the bushes all the time. These sports cars tyres are not made out of hard plastic!! they're made out of sticky rubber, the sort that sticks to the road, not acting like your driving on snow everytime your car changes direction!I still recommend buying this game if u have a wheelthis game just cant get the grip part right. Too slippery all the time.These guys need to go drive one of those KTM crossbows and then try and drive the shopping cart they made in this game."
,Recommended,244210,14317698,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Miklæn,Sometimes I like to pretend I'm a real racing driver. Then I open my eyes and realise I'm in my room looking at a computer screen displaying a tangled mess of steel and carbon fibre.A++ would recommend.
,Recommended,244210,13209435,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,I_AM_SmartyPants,"Assetto Corsa is the newest racing simulator that aims to be the simulator of choice for years to come, and at 22% off it’s an amazing deal.This game is full of customization from mod support to unlimited tuning options that can keep you busy for days. The cars look visually stunning, the audio is top notch, and the tracks have laser-scanned accuracy.The most important thing for racing games is the feel, and nothing beats Assetto Corsa.  The physics and feedback both handle very well.If you like cars or racing, this is a must buy."
,Recommended,244210,10813351,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,ICHIBAN,"Best sim to the date, the laser scanned tracks and official cars are amazing and the mod system is great. You can download lots of tracks converted to AC and mod your own with the track editor."
,Not Recommended,244210,15654522,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Prunus ♛,"Player here since alpha, Unless they change their moto to ""Your Hotlap Simulator""I do not reccomend this game.The A.I is just poorly developed, They're pretty much like a train and refusing to overtake...not worth racing against.I've been waiting for 3 years to update the older cars audio, especially the Ferrari 599evo which sounds like a vacuum cleaner.Instead of fixing the A.I and updating older sounds theyre announcing/releasing DLCs"
,Recommended,244210,8101106,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,NightSidew1nd3r,What an amazing start to this game. easily going to be a contender to beat Forza as best simulation racer.
76561198118813375,Recommended,244210,8170469,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,nft429,"I hope the developers see this:So far, i think the game is coming along well, but i feel it still has a while to go before it's ready for the final launch.Here are some things I would like to see changed or improved:I am using a Thrustmaster RGT Force Feedback Clutch wheel. It shakes left and right on straight aways, i would like to see that addressed. I heard someone else had the same problem, but I'm not sure what wheel they had.Being that I am a tight budget gamer, I have not been able to buy an H-Shifter. However, I found a program that lets me use my joystick to associate keys on a keyboard with certain positions. My problem here is that I cannot assign keys to shifter positions. I feel that I should be able to assign any key, button or axis to any control in the game. SimBin's GT Legends was very flexible with assigning controls. I think flexibility is key for racers who have unique setups.I am not sure if this is just my graphics card or not, but I notice a slight delay between when I do something and when the game actually does it. I am using an AMD Radeon HD 5670 card. I plan on upgrading very soon, but I hope that delay will go away at some point.I have also noticed that my wheel seems very sensitive. My wheel turns 270 degrees, but on the tracks with the sharpest turns, I find that I barely use 180 degrees of the 270  I have.Again, I hope the developers see this. I am very optimistic that this game will turn out to be the best racing sim, but as of update 0.4, it is not to my expectations. I hope that it soon will be. Great job so far Kunos Simulation team. I hope you find this helpful.This is now on the discussions page in hope the developers respond to it with some fixes."
76561198171655763,Recommended,244210,26223351,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Rick Sanchez csgobig.com,best racing game ever especialy with a steering wheel
76561198050251717,Recommended,244210,32223612,Posted: 6 June,all,DingBatDave,"The handsdown best sim racer on steam and here's why.Constant development, tyre model updates, physics updates, fixes etc.Lot's of cars despite what the forza people moan about.Constant dropping of DLC (that's a 50/50 tho! im old school! i believe a game should be complete on launch and the DLC genre is a scam) No BS in this, no imaginary twittard feeds (Pcars) no annoying narrator, and lets discuss Pcars while we are here. AC has way better physics and handeling. Pcars is an arcade game rapped in hype and badly executed.If it's a toss up between both, then Assetto is a sim and Pcars is not. So buy based on that criteria.iRacing is possibly the best sim you can get these days, however, it's an absolute 110% money pit. It's more akin to a damn ponzi scheme with it's subscription based BS and then when you get in, you have literally nothing to do without spending a ♥♥♥♥♥on more money. Only to lose that stuff if your subscription lapeses! Who buys the same game every month only for the privilage of getting scammed.Assetto therefore is your best and only Sim racing option."
76561198334278683,Recommended,244210,31354094,Posted: 25 April,all,Chomusuke,Great...
76561197971088813,Recommended,244210,7620636,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,Sloppy Joe,"This game is still in early beta stage, but already is one of, if not the most realistic driving sims I have played. The cars look & feel like the real thing & in the future all the usual game modes will be available, including modding.I hope that the game community will embrace this game."
76561198118112200,Recommended,244210,8584756,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Cody_Red,I love this game! Feels much better than FM5 and very very comparable to GT6..Do yourself a favor and buy a good FFB wheel. That is THE only way to play this game as it was intended!
,Recommended,244210,32925806,Posted: 28 June,all,TommieWommie,"Very worth it. Much mods and really good physics. dont doubt the buy, especially now with the summer sale!"
76561198019391746,Recommended,244210,14090814,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,SgtMajSquish,"I have been enjoying this game since I acquired a G27 rig. I love the individual corner adjustment for car setups as it is how i do it IRL in spec miata. The lack of cars and tracks is a little disappointing but each car/track is given the same love and there are no shortcuts. The mod community is a fantastic way to keep an eye out for your favorite cars and the game provides the SDK to create your own content.Great simulator, If you are looking for a racing game, look elsewhere"
,Recommended,244210,27730747,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,akaijin,"The hotlaps alone are worth it, such a feeling with the cars and such a rendition of the tracks!"
,Recommended,244210,12588515,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Tannu,best sim racing game.
,Recommended,244210,33356781,Posted: 7 July,all,Gucci,If you really want to enjoy the game with cars you need DLC...Othervise the game is well made
76561198046255593,Recommended,244210,33260576,Posted: 4 July,all,Lamke,Bought it for GT3 racing and love it
,Recommended,244210,33354195,Posted: 7 July,all,illagold,"Definitely one of the best racing simulators out there. I've put at least a good 110+ hours into this game blasting down some of the world's best tracks such as Nurburgring and more in some of the newest and best looking supercars to date. Not to mention the modding and drifting community on and around this game is immense and never fails to deliver ripe new content. If you're a racing and drifting fan through and through, this game is for you."
,Recommended,244210,33451859,Posted: 11 July,all,ray_gu,"This game is good.I use it to practice drift,the force feedback is good and the cars are well,there are a lot of options of the car,and this game has a lot of cars.I love this game."
,Recommended,244210,33276058,Posted: 5 July,all,CatalaHD,AMAZING
,Recommended,244210,33351353,Posted: 7 July,all,✪ Skull Rain,"So after playing this game, i've decided to review it!It is good if you want a cheap online racing game with best graphics just like Project Cars. But Project Cars and Drive Club those thingies are kinda costly a little bit. The baddest Con i hate in this game is that some cars has no good exhaust, it sounds like♥♥♥♥♥♥but when i drove R8 Plus it sounded very nice then other cars.Well this is recommended to play. I use a PS4 controller for this game and its the best. While on Keyboard i always crash!"
,Recommended,244210,32586573,Posted: 20 June,all,astoriagaymer,"Asseto corsa proporciona una experiencia muy realista al volante, pero que con un par de ajustes se puede convertir en una experiencia arcade magnífica. Desde el último parche, la IA está tan pidada como la del Gran Turismo 3 de PS2 y eso me encanta. Además. con tantos mods, no se llega uno a aburrir nunca."
,Recommended,244210,32844874,Posted: 27 June,all,Domdazek,g8 game
,Recommended,244210,33332319,Posted: 6 July,all,Speedball,At least rolling your car wont kill you like it does in real life.
,Recommended,244210,14714141,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Captain Flint,"Let me start by saying OH MY F****** GOD!!This game is so good.I looked around for  a racing simulator and this is the best one i found by far!The graphics are amazing, awesome cars, beautiful tracks, realistic physics and if you have a wheel (which I sadly do not have) the game get even better!If you are looking for a racing simulator with solid campain, nice multiplayer with many players and even if you want to just drive around in your favorite car in practice (shelby cobra is there and its amazing by the way) this is the game for you.11/10"
76561198052534798,Recommended,244210,31352679,Posted: 25 April,all,»Quattro. ツ,"REMEMBER: IF YOU WANT THE BEST EXPERIANCE WITH ASSETTO CORSA THEN PLAY ON A WHEEL WITH FFB! GAMING PAD ISN'T GOOD ENOUGH AND PLAYING ON KEYBOARD ISN'T JUST RIGHT! 900 DEEGREES OF WHEEL ROTATION IS OBLIGATORY.Pros:+Great, realistic physics.+The best graphics of all simulators.+Many cars, more coming in DLCs.+Adaptive HUD. You can place for example a minimap wherever you want.+Mods friendly. There are planty of mods for Assetto Corsa and are very easy to install. (RealHeadMotion is obligatory)+Tuning. Cars can be set up in many ways. Alingment, suspension, tyres, aero, differential, brakes and more everything can be changed and it makes a big difference in driving.+ForceFeedback. Feels great, just like a real car.+Career and special event. Many things to do in single player. Single player isn't easy!!!+Laser scanned tracks. LASER SCANNED!! If you're playing on a wheel with FFB then you'll feel every bump on the road that also exists in real life. Super accurate tracks.+People playing online are awesome. Rarely there are trolls or kids who can't drive. Most of the people play on very high level, skilled drives, competition, that's what I like.Cons:-DLCs. If you want the full contnet you have to buy DLCs which cost 65 euro. Sick. And there are probably much more coming.-AI isn't very good. Very predictive and not much carefull. Many times I got pushed by a bot on a curve.-Not many tracks compared to Project Cars. (Probably more coming in DLCs)-Not all cars sound great. Some are excellent (most of them) bust some sond dull. For example GT86 could be better.-No night and day cycle. HIghly possible that it will come in a patch since it's possible to turn on headlights.-No rain/storm. The only change in weather you can set is fog and clouds.-No Steam Cards. Because I like Steam Cards. $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$I always loved racing games. I was playing NFS since I can remember. But recently I'm highly intereseted in racing simulators. I started playing Project Cars in 2015. There were many cars, many tracks, beautiful graphics, night and day cycle. The only thing I didn't like was physcics which is very important for simulator. There were many alternatives: iRacing, rFactor2, RaceRoom. But those titles are rather expensive or not so popular. Then comes the Assetto Corsa. I was playing it a long time with Reloaded version and yesterday I bought it. The game deserves my money. I've spent in virtual AE86 more time than in my real car. I chose Assetto Corsa beceause lots of people play it, it's easy to make an online race with many drivers or just drift with some blocks. And the physcics.... it's just perfect, that's the best simulator I've ever played."
,Recommended,244210,20292424,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,alexthepilot2015,Plays really bad on a controller but otherwise is amazing
76561198090568301,Recommended,244210,20037214,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,privateponage,Amazing even on meh pc/mac. 11/10
,Recommended,244210,33116308,Posted: 1 July,all,乇乂ㄒ尺卂 ㄒ卄丨匚匚 |EddieLTU|,Track Day Bro
,Recommended,244210,27038838,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Deztronico,"Assetto Corsa is probably the best racing simulator on the market. It features a wide range of cars including brands such as Ferrari, Lamborghini and Porsche (yes, many are in DLC packs but they are extremely well priced and are well worth the money) and some great tracks like Spa and the Nurburgring (although still no official Bathurst, but the huge modding community have created it and much much more). The physics are great, and many of the high performance cars can be extremely difficult to tame, but as you drive them more, it is truly satisfying to watch the lap times come down. You'll want a good steering wheel to really get the most out of Assetto Corsa. For anyone interested in racing games, I put Assetto Corsa at the top of the list."
,Recommended,244210,33837025,Posted: 27 July,all,BibleThump,👍
,Recommended,244210,10561034,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Th3 Cooperative,"Best racing simulator ever, with or without a good racing wheel, this game is awesome! Physics could be improved but Ai and racing and the cars looks are fantastic! 10/10"
76561198027312929,Recommended,244210,7805393,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Boundless,"I've been simracer for a long time. I've played almost all sims that exists on the market - GTR series, rFactor series, Live for Speed series, iRacing, project CARS. And a lot of arcade/semi-arcade racing games like TOCA series, Gran Turismo series on Play Station, etc. Also I have my own car which I use for track days and other real racing events. So I have some knowladge how car goes and feels. And I can say without any doubt that Assetto Corsa is the best sim I ever played. It's very, very and very good. Ofc I can't say nothing about multiplayer, whyle we still don't have it in the game (because it's still a beta). But as to the physics, graphics and sounds - this is very high quality product. The only thing that is good, but not perfect is sound. In pCARS sounds are little bit better, to be honest. Anyway - if you like real feel racing games - you have to try it ;)"
,Recommended,244210,32184534,Posted: 4 June,all,jogber,"The most focussed, no BS, non-subscription simulator there is. Continual updates and support from a small team of devs who clearly show a passion and understanding for driving. Every DLC is reasonably priced and provides a matching amount of content. Hope it lives for years to come!"
,Recommended,244210,7669065,"Posted: 15 November, 2013",all,DigitalProphet,"If you want a racer on the PC for now and into the next few years... get this. It's aproachable, as well as deep and you can drive with a controller as well if you don't have a wheel."
,Recommended,244210,34319475,Posted: 17 August,all,Bot niarB oN miA oN,Very realistic racing game 10/10 would play more of this game and for 30 dollar game it plays like 60 dollar game
,Recommended,244210,31813333,Posted: 17 May,all,yoshitoshijp,Just... amazing... playing it now with Rift and it's just.... amazing... thank you Kunos!! Thank you so much!!!Keep up the good work ;)
,Recommended,244210,24190621,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Retro,"European Hotlap Simulator 2016. For me the Gran Turismo/ Forza of the PC world, I can and have spend hours just driving round and round numerous tracks, by myself and with friends (Nord Tourist online I'd recommend) and just enjoying driving a well designed game/sim.You'll need the DLC for this one ;-)8/10"
,Recommended,244210,28416426,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Jerkamie,game very good
,Recommended,244210,34403858,Posted: 21 August,all,Filmore1991,This game is a must play for VR.
76561198137080092,Recommended,244210,34227520,Posted: 13 August,all,90210_Hero,"A friend asked me if I wanted to race Takumi's 86 against Keisuke's FD on Akina in real life, I told him yes, and he linked me this. Assetto's as close to real as things can get. Now I can kansei dorifuto better than Bunta."
76561197970345813,Recommended,244210,34422606,Posted: 22 August,all,Hotpot,"Early last year, I bought my first Porsche. A stunning 355bhp 911 Carrera 4S that looks and drives brand new despite being 10 years old when I bought it. Having owned performance cars of one kind or other for the last 20 years, I'm quite an aggressive driver and like to take my pride and joy onto winding country roads beyond the scope of our Gestapo cameras.However, I always have the fear that if I push that pedal a little more, I will total my car.With this game in VR, I can really open up those Porsches and know that if it goes wrong, my car is still safe in my garage.With a good wheel setup ( I have a g25) this is like being there. And because it is so realistic (ie you are sitting still and within a car) there is no motion sickness. It works fantastic in VR. One disclaimer. I have a high end system so I have all the graphics turned up to max but I disable post processing.If you like racing games or juyst driving fast and you have a Vive, get this game."
76561198142129577,Recommended,244210,31857845,Posted: 20 May,all,Loading....,"This game is awsome. Great cars with real sounds and physics. Beatifful tracks. If you like racing, you must have this game. Only minus is that DLC is little to expensive."
,Recommended,244210,34420456,Posted: 22 August,all,Zero.,"I own a few racing sims, rally ect, as they are all fun, this one is what catches my eye the most to use my g27 setup with, very very good feedback, very feely weight distrubution, over all the games a very well polished sim, the one pet peeve for me is the sounds sound ... all the same? but this is a sim so ofc that would be an issue as its not a forza game. Mods are plentyfull and make the games life span longer, realheadmotion mod is a most, beautiful track mods, all in all, this games highly recomended. Drifting also my favorite in this game to do <3Bonus points for the ae86 tofu delivery skin :)"
,Recommended,244210,34440407,Posted: 23 August,all,Propositional Logic No-Scoper 97,"Awesome game, bought in early access and still enjoying it today.The physics are great, even if the devs could have thought to add some more features instead of spending time in minor things (like console support lol). Graphics arent great but the game still looks good. Nice steering wheels support and vr support.Lot of contents, even if some must haves are parts of dlcs (that arent so cheap).It's a shame that early access buyers (like me) didnt get any bonus content or discount on extra contents, mainly because even in early access the game had an averagely high price."
,Recommended,244210,19875058,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Jiquxa,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome
,Recommended,244210,34207490,Posted: 12 August,all,«☢JᵃᶦᶦDᵘᵗᶜʰ☣»,GREAT RACING/DRAG/DRIFTING SIM. WORKS WITH G27 AND G29 WHEEL
76561197976769245,Recommended,244210,34506496,Posted: 26 August,all,Barricade,"Assetto Corsa when you compare it to the other SIM racing games out there, is really the middle ground when it comes to handling / user interface / career mode / physics / multiplayer and graphics. It's really the best at none of them, however it's the only SIM game that does all of them well- and to me, that constitutes as a solid buy.The game is amazing with a good wheel. If you're using anything else, you may not like the game as much since you won't be getting all the detail that you'd normally get with a wheel. I honestly say (from someone who loves iRacing) that the FFB in AC is miles above iRacing. There is SO much more detail felt through the wheel when playing AC than iRacing, but as I've said- where it does well there, it lacks in other areas when compared to iRacing- such as the online tier racing and penalty system.The AI is also pretty terrible in AC. Usually it's the top 3 that will give you a run for your money, while the rest of the pack is completely useless and may as well not even be there. If you happen to raise the difficulty the the point where you're running in the middle of the pack, be prepaired to be cut off / rear ended / brake checked, shoved off the road ect.. This is where AC falls flat on its face, and where it pays to pay for a subscription w/ iRacing. It can be pretty frustrating at times. AC is either too easy where you'll be in 1st place with 2nd place trailing behind you by 15 seconds, or 1st will have completed the race while you're waiting for the green. There doesn't seem to be a good inbewteen. Honestly this really puts me off to the game. The whole point is to race against other drivers, but the AI system is so broken here, it makes me want to play something else.Physics:rFactor2 > AC > iRacingHandling IRL (w/ wheel):AC > rFactor2 > iRacingOnline Racing:iRacing > AC > rFactor2Graphics (subjective):AC > rFactor2 > iRacingCareer Mode:iRacing > AC > rFactor2User Interface:AC > rFactor2 > iRacingAI:AC is pretty bad.As you can see from my scientifically proven chart above, none of the titles do everything the best. I wish there was, because I hate jumping from sim to sim. If you're just starting out in SIM racing, I would recommend AC since it gives you a good taste of everything. It's easy to navigate around, the graphics look great, the handling is realistic and fun on a wheel, the physics are good and there is multiplayer if you want to race with others since the AI is so garbage. But online can be a hassle too with drivers being just as bad as the AI."
,Recommended,244210,11713910,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,aapo,"Best virtual driving ever, definetly worth the money."
76561197974256119,Recommended,244210,11741367,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Arkade Kalamity,"Early Access or not, game is a must have for anyone interested in a racing sim."
76561198074416922,Recommended,244210,11711072,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,R.I.P Harold 1979-2017,would play again.
76561198147789412,Recommended,244210,30822512,Posted: 29 March,all,trew domko,a great racing game for any racing fans.
76561198341088488,Recommended,244210,30845616,Posted: 30 March,all,I’m not Janine,TOFU 86+mt akina=EUROBEAT INTENISIFIES
76561197962237365,Recommended,244210,31365329,Posted: 25 April,all,Sideburns,"I would say this is a cracking game, but it isnt. Its a great simulator. I find the handling in game pretty close to several track days I have done and AC has improved my real life handling of cars at the limit. My only complaint is the sounds aren't perfect, but they do appear to be getting better with the newer cars."
76561197970496971,Recommended,244210,23820220,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Tobsen,Nordschleife Tourist... Bridge to Gantry... in VR... SIMPLY AWESOME! 10/10
,Recommended,244210,23822461,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Doggy,"Had the game since early access when it first came out, been great to see it progress with a lot of new content and features. One of the best racing sims on Steam!"
76561198072984052,Recommended,244210,23822164,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,dejodejo74,The best simulation i ever play. Recomended to everyone.
,Recommended,244210,23836752,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,V¡ctorul,BEST SIMULATOR FOR G27!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,244210,34556671,Posted: 28 August,all,Racer 6c,"Many reviews for this game will say it doesn't have enough content, and that may be true with the base title.  If you are lucky enough to have all of the DLC too, it becomes a title with lots of choices.  I will write this review from my experience having the full game and DLC content.There is such a variety of cars and tracks that it would take a long time to master them all.   From classic 60's F1 Cars and tracks, sporty street cars, to the modern Hyper-car Holy Trinity, to Group C Lemans Prototypes, and some of the latest premier hybrid race cars all being driven and raced on a selection of world class laser-scanned race tracks.  You can run a Porsche 962 around the Nurburgring Nordschliefe, or a Classic Lotus grand prix car at the famous Monza high banks.  If you like to go a little slower, you can drive a Toyota GT86 street car around a small drift course or circuit.All of that can be experienced in stunning detail.  Assetto Corsa has triple screen display support that can adjust for monitor angle, dimensions, and distance to your eyes.  There is even support for virtual reality hardware like the Oculus Rift and HTC Vive.This game/simulator is very realistic. I would recommend it to anyone that loves driving, especially if they have a steering wheel controller."
,Recommended,244210,34677061,Posted: 1 September,all,kill_me_3,Best Sim Evar
,Recommended,244210,34693931,Posted: 2 September,all,🔰The Stig🔰,"Can confirm. One of the greatest racing sims in the market, thanks to its incredible physics."
,Recommended,244210,34692732,Posted: 2 September,all,EDGY,This game is so good and i would rec
76561198021090310,Recommended,244210,13593248,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Minolin,Do not buy if you want to enjoy any other racing game.
,Recommended,244210,28064181,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Lima,"Whata simulator!They tried to compare it to PCars. shame...Not enough to be an iRacingBut an excellent simulator.One day we will have rain and more damage in cars, but are going in the right way."
,Recommended,244210,34660271,Posted: 1 September,all,aliens,"One of the best sims out there. Great tracks, great cars, great physics, great FF on steering wheel. Also its open to mods so you can grab a ton of extra tracks and cars - of course some mods are awful but some are just as good as original content. It ist even very demanding for a pc. I have i7 2600k and gtx970 and im getting 90-100 fps on full grid. One minus is it doesnt have rain weather and night races. 9/10"
76561197968079068,Recommended,244210,30707352,Posted: 24 March,all,JPC,"Solid and well-rounded. MP is fun so long as you're not trying to play with your friends over the net. They haven't made it easy to make your own server.Still, a fun and hearty Sim-Game to enjoy."
,Recommended,244210,30755566,Posted: 26 March,all,iBeFesen,I really like this game. It has great realism and functions amazing with a wheel. Recommended xD
,Recommended,244210,15521645,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Havik,Awesome Racing Simulation!What i like about this sim:-Laser Scanned Official Tracks-Moddable-Awesome PhysicsYou guys should buy this!
76561198031540037,Recommended,244210,31781623,Posted: 15 May,all,Nakadashi,Get dis.
,Recommended,244210,34796714,Posted: 7 September,all,steem,"Easily one of the best racing sims on the market for handling, very nice feel.My only 2 complaints would be the limitations of the starting roster, strange to see so much DLC for a £22.99 game. And the fact that it doesnt record you're own lap records, many mods can circumvent this problem though, the main menu + UI is also quiet fiddly but thats besides the point.Otherwise a joy to play."
76561198138280730,Recommended,244210,30942996,Posted: 4 April,all,Lee Taylor,A comprehensive review of Assetto Corsa:is good9/10 would maybe play again if i felt like it.
,Recommended,244210,31054476,Posted: 9 April,all,Tigarious,Assetto Corsa is definitely among the top five Racing/Driving simulators of all time.
,Recommended,244210,27241620,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Blackbird DK,"Latest Porsche DLCs have revamped AC big time. Accompanied by the recent game updates and tire models, this game is keeping me excited."
76561198070780985,Recommended,244210,35087679,Posted: 20 September,all,FullMetalJake,"Excellent simracing game. This game is a must have for any simracing fan.There are lots of good modded cars, tracks and app for this game.You can customize your UI pretty much how you want.Graphics are pretty good too but as good as Project CarsI recommend this only if you have Wheel."
76561197970394491,Recommended,244210,25952783,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Sensemann,I dont feel the G-Forces in my seat! Bad Game......No seriously its awesome...
,Recommended,244210,35008942,Posted: 16 September,all,Max Verstappen,"great racing sim , be sure to download FFBClipalso great VR support , only lags if you have alot of AI / Cars , on a GTX970 with supersampling 1.6"
76561198287639352,Recommended,244210,35029487,Posted: 17 September,all,Bertil Svensson,The best racing simulator I've ever played.Also works flawlessly with my Logitech G920.
76561198144336702,Recommended,244210,34981418,Posted: 15 September,all,HayX,Preety goood Gamme .
76561198032277229,Recommended,244210,35030220,Posted: 17 September,all,Still River,"Assetto Corsa has the potential of being the greatest circuit racing game ever made. If developers work on their weak sides this simulator might as well be the one.Pros:- AMAZING modding community. You can find on the web almost any racing circuit you want- Great racing physics. I could never complete Spa without sliding off in GRID Autosport- The quality of car models is even more realistic than in Forza- Advanced hotlapping tools to analyse your driving on the go- Ferrari, Lamborghini, McLaren, Pagani and Porsche are present- Great car engine soundsCons:- Boring career mode and insane difficulty for special events- Average at best environment graphics- Koenigsegg, Aston Martin, Jaguar and Bentley are missing- Steep learning curve for novices"
,Recommended,244210,17352063,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Me12456789,"Graphismes magnifiques, voitures incroyables, circuits géniaux, que demander de plus?"
,Recommended,244210,34897797,Posted: 12 September,all,RCN #HellaWaveBoyz 🌊🌊🌊,"You don't need VR to play thisall you need is a Race wheel with a shifter and 3 pedals.But if you want VRyou can buy itJust don't use a PS4 controllerAlthough you can set controls like ""automatic gearbox, automatic clutch, automatic throttle blip""etcthe automatic input feels computerized and it sucks to play it like that, the feel is gone when you have to steer with a thumbstick and go up gears with the X and Square buttonsso with that said. If you want a great realistic driving experience, this is the game.If you have the prepherials, if not, I suggest getting the prepherials first."
,Recommended,244210,35049713,Posted: 18 September,all,fuzz,I feel like this game has become more of a Nordschleife simulator to me than an actual racing simulator as the track selection feels pretty boring to me at least without adding some modded tracks. (that are obviosly not as good as the laser scanned Kunos tracks) The car selection is great and improving all the time but most of the great cars are DLC so be prepared to pay more for the good stuff.
76561198286150708,Recommended,244210,35073434,Posted: 19 September,all,//solo\\,"Hands down the best ""bang for buck"" racing sim to date.  Superb driving physics make for extremely satisfying gameplay and if you have a descent graphics card the level of detail can be top notch. Highly recomended for those that love to mod or customize as hundreds of tracks, cars and other features are available from various online sim communities.Kudos ! Kunos : D"
76561198037514898,Recommended,244210,35075812,Posted: 19 September,all,Puddles,"There is nothing like the anticipation of loading up a driving simulator and getting into a car that you've driven in real life.  There is also nothing like the disappointment of finding out that while the car looks like the real life version it handles nothing like it in the simulator...Thankfully the focus of AC isn't just on the looks, but the handling of the car as well.  I've tried a lot of racing sims, and only with AC and iracing have I found cars that handle like their real world counterparts.  If you are looking for a racing simulator, these are the only two I'd recommend (and this is much cheaper than iracing).My only (minor) complaint about the game is that the career mode can get a little monotonous.  I don't mind that the car selection is less than others, and it's likely part of the reason why they can focus on making the cars handle correctly.  It would be nice if more tracks were included.  Yes, you can download many, many tracks for AC (again, another great selling point), but because they aren't included in career mode you'll be doing the same 8 tracks over and over and over again through the career."
,Recommended,244210,35065260,Posted: 19 September,all,ThanaBoss,"By far the best sim out there.I have driven basically all of them, and AC is the most complete package.Only rivaled by iRacing, which has plenty of massive massive Problems.The biggest one being that it's 30 times the cost, but not 30 times the Sim. Not even 30% more.Sadly there's not a lot of only driving going on, and most driver's are worse than bad, but that's the same everywhere on this planet."
,Recommended,244210,13648789,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,DMStewart,"I must preface this fast review with my history of driving sims. Since it first launched, Gran Tourismo was my game of choice. I purchased a Playstation 2 and 3 just for Gran Tourismo. And it was the only game I owned for my PS2. For my PS3 I did own a few other games but dont remember what they were. I have yet to find a driving sim that even came close to GT.But thats changed. I have been watching AC for a long time; from a distance and waiting for it to go on sale. Travelling caused me to miss two previous sales. I finally pulled the trigger and just spent the past hour practicing. Its immediately apparent that it is definitely in the same class as GT. And my first impressions is that it may possibly be better than GT. How so?*One of the reasons is load times. They are dramatically shorter than GT. Now, I know that this is PC and the load times should be shorter. But the load times for GT were always so ridiculously long that it was sometimes very annoying to deal with, especially if you intend to just play a quick race or two. But AC load times are fast, so far. I have only played practice races/laps so I cant speak on ""career"" load times. But Im imagining that they should be the same.*GT set the bar for creating driving sims where the cars actually handle to spec. That was amazing for Playstation but in the PC world an accurate sim shouldnt be too hard to achieve. What is hard to achieve, and is a minor failure for GT, is precise vehicle tech tinkering that implements an easy to use UI that remains simple and intuitive. It was awesome that you can tweak just about everything on a car in GT and actually feel the difference in performance. What wasnt awesome was actually using that interface. AC's interface is intuitive and as simple to use as can possibly be expected. It doesnt take forever to tweak your settings...unless you are just being indecisive. But you can get in and out of spec adjustments in the pre-race menu fast and start your race.*Actual car control: This is important and its always the small details that devs get wrong that irk me. GT actually gets almost all of the little details right. But so does AC. As someone who has owned a few - but driven a wide variety - of high performance cars, its certain little details that, when missed, really ruin the experience for me. In AC take the 458 Italia out and switch the camera to the third-person overview. When the car shifts it snaps forward and almost looks like a glitch. But thats what the car does in real life shifting into 2nd, 3rd, and sometimes 4th depending on traction control settings selected by the driver. And its important that that detail is there and is figured into the car's in-game performance. For example, a hammerhead or hairpin can be expertly navigated if the driver uses that powerband snap correctly. The game lets you do this. Its hard, but you can do it. Expert Ferarri drivers (and some 458 owners) can also do this on the track. But that is something that couldve easily been missed or left-out and not many wouldve been the wiser. This shows me that the attention to detail was properly prioritized. Compare that to GT who seems to put increasing focus on the real-world/outside world graphics for great looking replays. Thats fine. But I dont need that in a sim. If the edges are too sharp on a certain building I can care less. I'll be mad if I execute a perfect tight S-turn with a 458, look for that upshift snap, and dont get it.*Graphics: I would love to compare these to GT once I eventually get all of my settings set properly. There seem to be quite a few options and I really need to tweak and test everything to get it just right. But I prefer the ability to tweak. Dont get me wrong, GT looks beautiful and since its on console its ""finished"" and off limits. And it probalby doesnt need any adjustments. So I will update this small bulletpoint later when I can really play around with the graphics. But so far, right out of the box, it looks pretty darn good.*Online races/Competing against friends: Will return to add to this bulletpoint. But as a driving sim online battles have never been a major concern for me. This is due to the fact that there are too many factors involved when trying to organize a real-world sim race. That is why arcade style racers tend to handle this cattegory a little better and this a topic that I could write a book on, so let me stop now and just promise to update this part later.*Overall vehicle handling and responsiveness: I have only driven 3 cars so far in practive mode and each one has just been fantastic. As a driving sim fanatic I am utterly surprised at how well each car was representing its real-life counterpart. If I start a race and I can basically just peg the accelerator and win, well, its garbage. If I just have to brake a couple times and throw the steering wheel fully from side to side to win, its garbage. If I fire it up for the first time and slide off the track, rack up penalties, and basically ""lose"", then we have a sim with potential. My first run was with the RUF Yellowbird. And it was the shortest run Ive ever had. Not because I killed it but because the game killed me. I stopped, said to myself ""this is no joke"" and hopped into an Elise and started looking at all the settings and car specs so that I could approach this like a real-worl race. And that is why everyone who wants a good racing sim should buy this immediately.Rating: Spin-out/10 (Hey, even the best sim drivers need practice)EDIT: I just realized that the replays have the ability to add all sorts of apps on the screen. (Pedal activity, Speedo/Gear box, and literally tons more). While its a cool feature to look at, its also absolutely brilliant for finding the areas of a track where you can trim time away. After losing a few times of the same race I was able to go back into the replay and see the exact points where I could accelerate a split second sooner, brake a split second later, and even downshift in an area where I didnt think I could benefit from doing so. Im so pumped about this."
,Recommended,244210,32979861,Posted: 29 June,all,Marked One,Amazing game but it really needs more cars. I'm not a fan of the DLC system.
,Recommended,244210,8343474,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Olaf the White,This game blew my mind. I watched videos and reviews about it. Actually bought a new wheel just for the experience. And it was worth every euro. This game is just fantastic
76561198007705211,Recommended,244210,8236784,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Titan357,"Amazing, simply the best feeling sim I have ever touched. Nothing else compares. Great sounds, great graphics, top notch feedback on my G27."
76561198315305760,Recommended,244210,35188074,Posted: 24 September,all,Bob Lee Swagger,Really fun game too play
76561198137455959,Recommended,244210,10602050,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,grb2eml,"The game is very good, one of my favorites! Frequent updates, Great content, Convincing physics. A definate buy!!"
,Not Recommended,244210,32552849,Posted: 18 June,all,Joey the Tulips,"A lengthly review and words of caution to those considering buying the game for a realistic experience...I'll start off by saying that the only reason I'm giving this game a thumbs down, is because you can ONLY choose between a binary yes or no recommendation. After playing the game, it's clear what the developer's vision was for the game. But, it seems like they failed in their execution of trying to make that vision a reality. To be more accurate I would have given this game a rating of something like 5/10, or a ""maybe"" for a recommendation. For $29.99 I would say I just BARELY decide not to recommend the game. If it goes on sale for less than $20.00, I would say buy it. Here's why...I like the idea of letting fans create tracks and cars, making the game nearly endless. For that reason alone and the possibilities that come along with it, I really, really, wanted to give the game a thumbs up. I think the vision of what the creators were TRYING to make would have been really amazing. It's clear that they were trying to make a product similar to rFactor, but superior in physics, graphics, etc. Seeing videos of people with VR-enabled gameplay on so many tracks is such an amazing idea! But, sadly the execution isn't there...I think that overall Assetto Corsa LARGELY misses the mark of what it was trying to be, and no I do not think I'm being overly-harsh considering the sole reason the game exists, is to be a simulator and not a ""video game."" I read a lot of reviews here from people claiming that the game's PHYSICS of all things are what make it great. That's pretty ridiculous to me, and makes me wonder how much actual experience these people have with actually driving real cars at their limits. Of course driving real cars quickly can be expensive or even dangerous, and I certainly won't hold their lack of background against them when they make their reviews.Gameplay:Cars feel more like boats than cars. If I could pick two things that utterly ruin the physics in this game, it would be: 1) suspension behavior, and 2) tire modeling.Suspension:When entering corners (tuned/racing cars, stock/unmodified, doesn't matter), it feels as if even the nimblest of cars (e.g., Lotus Elise, AE86, Miata/Roadster, etc.) feel like BOATS with springs and stocks that are racing around circuits. The chassis will lurch widly as if detached from the wheels themselves, and in nearly all circumstances as a result maintaining a drift or slide feels extremely unnatural compared to reality. Again, it's very weird to me that of all things people are commenting ""great drifting simulator."" If anything, the slides are one of the worst parts of the physics, having done a decent number of them myself in reality...During a slide it feels like the car doesn't have have front tires. Countersteering feels often like a futile effort, even when 100% off-throttle. Basically in a race if you're unfortunate enough to initiate a moderate slide, you very likely won't be able to save it.Tires (if you want to even call them that...):Tire modeling is even worse, and easily the most frustrating aspect of the entire game (even more so than suspension behavior). From ""racing slicks,"" to street tires, maintaining traction is just a joke. I couldn't help but laugh as I spun a Lotus Elise with racing slicks on in 2nd gear coming out of a hairpin at 25% throttle. It feels like in an effort to keep the game from feeling ""arcadey,"" with TOO much grip or it being nearly impossible to break traction (which I understand), the developers went WAY overboard and made tires almost a binary choice. You either have traction, or you immediately don't. The linear feeling of losing grip feels very minimal, and the window of available grip even on Ultrasofts in an F1 car is so narrow even with high downforce and at high speed that it feels like I have re-treads on from a discount tire shop mounted to a Formula 1 machine.If you want proof of what I'm talking about, try taking Eau Rouge at Spa in literally ANY car. But ESPECIALLY try it with an F1 car. In real life, that corner is taken completely flat-out in an F1 machine due to the high levels of downforce, making it one of the greatest corners, if not THE greatest corner in the F1 calendar. In Assetto Corsa, you'll find yourself downshifting, letting off the gas, and spinning. Or, go flat like in reality, and just immediately and massively understeer into a wall. Another thing you can try is (again literally in any car, 4WD/FR/FF, F1, doesn't matter), try and even mildly slalom left to right on a straightaway. The game will treat even mild left-right motions as Scandinavian flicks/feints, sending you eventually into an unrecoverable slide. If real life operated this way, F1 cars when following the pace car would simply all be spinning when they motion left-to-right in order to keep the tires warm (mind you those cars can still be going up to 100mph even behind the pace car on straights while veering left-right for tire warmth. It's not like they're going 30mph).All in all I would say if you're looking for an actual, GOOD, racing simulator, go buy Gran Turismo, which to this day I have yet to see another game comprehensively beat in terms of actual physics (unlike ""drift everything""/""let's make everything slide to take advantage of drifting popularity"" Forza). Other than Gran Turismo, I would also say F1 2016 and as of today F1 2017 are also VERY realistic, but the downside being you're limited to only driving F1 cars unlike Gran Turismo.The only reason I'd say buy Assetto Corsa is it's definitely a decent/not bad way to kill time if you're bored and like racing. But make no mistake, if you have actual driving experience and are looking for a realistic simulator with a lot of range, you will be disappointed. It's just such a shame because I feel like this game COULD have been something absolutely amazing. Better than Gran Turismo, or any other simulator out there, had they just taken more care when creating the physics engine. Oh well...Also for the record I'm not trying to flame this game, or anyone that likes it. I don't mean any disrespect, just giving my 2 cents and being critical because that's how developers hopefully improve their product in the future... My position when it comes to simulators is that of a purist and someone with extreme attention to detail. For others like me out there, I suggest you don't be fooled by the high number of positive reviews created by people lacking real driving experience or lower standards for their simulators."
76561197987498533,Recommended,244210,35208589,Posted: 25 September,all,nitronitrous,"Assetto Corsa is a simulator focused on drivers more than on racers. I am a driver. I enjoy the sheer pleasure of driving, preferably a manual transmission car, doing heel and toe while approaching a corner, downshifting three gears in a row and getting goosebumps with the sound of the engine at every throttle blip, while the tires squeal under braking and you firmly hold the steering wheel. I enjoy testing different cars in different scenarios and comparing them to each other. And this is what Assetto Corsa does better than any other PC simulator out there: driving pleasure, a very rewarding driving experience with a high level of realism. Fanboys will tell you that iRacing or rFactor 2 are more realistic and bla bla bla. Well, I will just say that they have different targets. While those two games are totally focused on racing, winning against the competition at any cost and developping a virtual race driver career, Assetto Corsa is a game for real petrolheads who appreciate cars and simply want to enjoy them. Sure, you can have some good races in Assetto Corsa with any of the many race cars that are in the game, and there are leagues too, but it is not just that. Give me a good manual road car on a mountain pass and you will make me happy."
,Recommended,244210,35198137,Posted: 25 September,all,petey,Best PC sim racing.
76561198330394693,Recommended,244210,31679175,Posted: 11 May,all,Jason__30zzz,"This is truly a very Impressive game/simulator, took me almost 30 hours to really get used to its physics  as I came from Pcars. The more time I spent on this game, the more it impresses me.The physics, the lazer scaned tracks, the cars details, and all the mods you can use just makes this such an amazing game and very enjoyable to play.  (and it got my favourite miata and Nissan gtr :)"
76561198305787451,Recommended,244210,33471951,Posted: 11 July,all,KOMBUCHAA,"What can I say... Greatest racing sim to date besides gtr and gtr2 (in my opinion). Lots of cars, incredible physics, GREAT modding community, and the graphics are pretty good. My only complaints are the car sounds could be better, and I think kunos has something against American cars. But overall it's a great sim, and I would totally recommend it"
76561198066933219,Recommended,244210,35414987,Posted: 2 October,all,dr eggman,skidz
,Recommended,244210,27055790,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dv8eD.,"Quite a good Racing Simulator, has a great modding community with lots of great tracks and cars,"
76561198014472989,Not Recommended,244210,23480503,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,King David,"I really want to like this game for its physics and overall driving experience, that i give 10/10. For the game overall i give a 6/10, as i beleive there isnt a game there. You just drive around tracks with these nice cars, which i give them credit for the cars are done really well. The ai has no character about it at all, they never make mistakes, and when they do its predictable on the same corners, like its programed. The career mode is terrible. Not really any incentive to keep going in career. A career to me is something you can work toward, with proper races, and incentives to win the next race. This career mode basicly gets you to try out all the cars, as you progress through it. This game is a simulator, it definetley simulates a driving expereince, just no game part. If you enjoy just going for a cruise in exotic cars doing hotlaps its awsome. For the game part it gets boring. Multiplayer i have not played, so i dont know and cant comment on this aspect.There is just no decent depth to the concept of Driving in this simulator (game). For example Dirt Rally, F1, Test drive. Using seasons, having a time concept to the game, getting attached to the competitors, a background to why you are racing, maybe even having a money system in it. To make you earn that exotic car you love. To make a car simulator great its the little things over and over that make something big. In movie terms there are some good actors, and acting in Assetto Corsa, but just no plot. Movies are uninteresting with no plot, as you know, and so can games (simulators) be.I think mods are good in games, simulators, but when you buy a product you would expect it to be good in its own right, we shouldnt have to rely souly on the mods to make the game good. If the game is good by itself, mods would only enhance the goodness of the game."
,Recommended,244210,31915340,Posted: 23 May,all,A Condescending Door,"Absolutely love the game, played an entire weekend just in practice mode trying to drift! I'm very impressed by the physics, graphics and sounds of the game. Of course there's improvements to be made, such as better support for my Logitech G920 setup, but coming from what seems like a small dev team it's a solid effort."
,Recommended,244210,13255267,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,WreckWren,"Best racing sim.Worst AI in any game, period. This is the worst AI you will find no matter how hard you look.Challenges aren't challenges if the AI coordinates to take you out every corner. The AI is absolutely pitiful.Everything else is great. But absolutely no effort or talent has gone anywhere near the AI, it is ATROCIOUS.Every time I play this, I have a blast in online, run out of people to play with and try offline. Offline is always a mistake with this game, unless you are on an empty track.The AI will ram you mid corner. It'll ram you on the straights. It'll ram you under braking and ram you on the way out if it can. It'll ram you at the start, ram you during overtakes, ram you rejoining the track, and it rams you if you enter a fast bend next to it, regardless of who has right of way. The AI is an absolute joke.Most Alien level races I can't make it round even a short track ONCE without being rammed, deliberately almost, by the AI. Stuff that would get you perma banned from any lobby, but it's fine for the AI do to because it's a little bit hard to make AI and Kunos wanted to be lazy."
,Recommended,244210,8376119,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Meepo,is car.  actually is fun and car     :^)
,Recommended,244210,7837253,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,yohnsy,"Assetto Corsa sets new benchmark on computer driving sim. Geeky attention to realism doesnt really have to sacrifice graphics and sound effects. And this sim game is not even finished! I'm very satisfied!Each car are given detailed customization and adjustments only available to hardcore simulation games. But newbies can also jump straight into the track and ""feel"" the realism as they handle fast cars provided in this release. All in all, if you are looking for an end word in PC car simulation game, this is your ultimate choice. We hope to see more contents coming very soon."
76561198035094802,Recommended,244210,7787190,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Canaan,"I bought Assetto Corsa for $39 at a time, it was three tracks and 5 cars... and I can already say that this is an amazing game. i7 4770k GTX 570 playing everything max but shadow detail low (more than this and it stutters) and no motion blur, reflection medium. I play 1920x1080.  You made it this far:_I play a pad steelseries 3GC, I had to install a xbox 360 emulator controller to refine the custom mapping and steering, very tedious, but rewarding. My settings are Gamma + 1.2, steering speed 0.05. You can play with those settings on the pad, anything too far, and it makes the car unstable on the straight or impossible to turn in corners. Best car to to get a ""feel"" for the control is the E30 of course. Please get a wheel, fanatec, G27, anything. To make a review with no racing wheel but a gamepad is really stupid. Guess What, I am really stupid (or really broke)._the graphics are decent (computer wise) and will definitely show you what xbone / PS4 will be able to do next year or so once the dev will master the SDKs, however, sometimes the aliasing seems, really, forced? what is the word, weird. Not correct.  Textures in high are really sharp, I like it. However, nothing groundbreaking. Overall, decent (maybe my card is not good enough? I don't really care, I bought the game for the feel not the look).However, I tried at 720p resolution with motion blur (low) and shadow high, and the game gets a very very different feel. It feels right. It feels ""next gen"". Whatever this expression means. A little motion blur changes a lot of the feel! My bet is that by the time the multiplayer will kick in, I will have to even lower the shadow and reflection. Arg!the very bad:_you have to be patient to get more content, after the nov release, a lot more tracks and car got release, it is very encouraging. Still no multiplayerNow for the good part:_ Remember when you first played Rfactor, and you were like, wait, wait, wait, Forza, GT 3 / 4 / 5, all of this is a lie!!! Well, you can tell that Assetto Corsa forte is the grip / tire setup. My god, it feels, right, it feels correct, it feels subtle. It feels a good solid notch higher than Rfactor. So far, I only driven the Lotus Elise, and the old BMW M3 E30, and a little bit of KTM. The feel of the grip is the most subtle of all racing game I played, you will be rewarded very generously after a few lap, you will be able to feel the tire like nowhere else. When you pass the point of friction on apex, force feedback is really good, it is as close as what a traditional simulator can be. Nothing can come close to AC concerning tires. 300 HOURS LATER. Well. Words can't do it justice. I need a wheel._suspension feel / setup. No words can accurately tell how I feel about it, you got to tinker with it to believe it. Weight transfer during braking is hilariously good. It took us this long to get it this right?_car model, drive inside view, drive outside view, replay, it is gorgeous. Feel the leather, feel the double stitches, look at what the dev is trying to tell you. I don't mind not having 100 cars. 30 cars at this level? Hell yeah! So far content is still very poor._the sound. I play with a 2.1 setup behind a sony receiver and ESS series speakers. hmm. Is it really that hard to model this sort of sound coming out of cars? It is just beautiful, drive the Pagani, you will have some sort of epiphany once you will hear the tires. If the wife is looking at you silly, Grado Sr-80 behind a DAC will do. Shame on you (yes I am pointing at you Gran Turismo).What I want:_Laguna Seca Mazda speed raceway? Nurbuuuuuuuubuuuuubuuuuuurgriiiiiiiiing?_Cobra, daytona and Corvette?_Toyota Camry / Nissan Sentra, just for the fun of it, to trully appreciate the Japanese engineering and what they represent in a daily driver context (and yeah, I will drive them like I stole them), give me something that I can relate to, an accord, a civic, anything!In conclusion Assetto Corsa is a game that needs some love, from the small community to the media (believe it or not, autoblog / jalopnik did not cover this game yet, while covering the release of the xbone and the ps4 to no end that tells you of their cluelessness). Assetto Corsa is a deep game, it is Rfactor on steroíd. The modeling of the car is a work of art. Assetto Corsa reminds me of the feels when I was a kid the first time I played GT Legend, 95% of the game feels right. At some point, the mod will come out of the closet, some DLC will get released and AC will be full bodied. From now, they got my $40 bucks and I have to say that this game exceeded my expectations.From the CPU utilization, I would say that a decent setup to play with would be haswell core i5 and a minimum of a GTX 650ti to have fun with it.What else? Oh yeah, get a wheel, G27, anything, I am not doing it justice I feel so stupid for not playing this game with a wheel right now.Well, this was my first review of a game on steam, that tells you something right?Long live, AC, it deserves more credits for what the dev achieved. Forza and GT player will love this game, anyone can get their guilty pleasure getting the curve right with the E30 and or lotus elise, it is not about going fast, it is about getting it right. Asseto Corsa has achieved a lot of right, grip, modelling, sound and now the drift track allows you to have cheap fun.If you want to peek at what next generation racing sim can do, you got to pass this door. Rfactor 2, Project Car, so much excitement for 2014.Conclusion:4770K is somewhat overkillGTX570 can play max settings AA filter everything at 1920x1080, but you got to remove shadow (low) and motion blur (zero). You can keep reflection to medium. Sometimes it stutters still, I would say it is acceptable, I get 60FPSGrip feel and friction loss point at apex feels, really super good. My favorite car is the lotus elise SC, because of its relatively low power (I am a terrible driver) I run the Magione Track in 1:27:960 (And I am sure I can shave another 2 seconds on this one) to give you an idea.To setup your controler get the lower power car possible and play with gamma (+1.2) and steering speed (+.05) as a base an play with all three filter gama and steering speed before going to the garage and play with the setup. Google xbox 360 controller emulator if you need assistance in the remapping of your gamepad. Make sure that you are running your pad in analog mod so you have two axis to play with, one for steering, one for throttle, braking.Turn off all car assistance and listen to your car!Have fun!It has now been 400+ hours I have been playing the game: no other car game will bring you these sort of emotions playing a virtual car, play it, you ought it to yourself."
,Recommended,244210,7604885,"Posted: 8 November, 2013",all,Morphi,MASTERPIECE IN SIM-RACING !!!OUTSTANDING!!!
,Recommended,244210,10901386,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Groucho Marx,"One of the best circuit racing simulations on steam. It's not fisnished yet but the cars are a joy to drive and the graphics are stunning.  You can set up the difficulty level from ""drive this car for me oh google bot"" all the way to ""Hurt me plenty for I am Niki Lauda"". The car selection is a bit sparse with mostly Lotus, Ferrari and BMW so hopefully that will change the comming months.TLDR; if you like realistic vroomvroom get this game, even if its in early access"
,Recommended,244210,7843119,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,_-S-_,"Even at the early stage, it is still an excellent game. Just taking any of the cars around track puts a simle on one's face. Don't be mistaken though when purchasing. If you are looking for a realistic challenge, you are right at home, but if you prefer more arcade (Grid 2 style, NFS slide around) kind of racing this might not be good for you. I have been playing on an xbox360 controller and the cars respond very well. I have actually just ordered a Logitech G27, so i will update the review with information about the game than. The updates come out as announced so far on biweekly schedule. If you are hesitating on the purchase, go ahead and get it. If we show support to the developers, they will be able to deliver better product, and it's the early stage where your voice does matter and make a diffference to improve the final product.--------------------------------------------------------Post Wheel Purchase Update:The game is astounding in my opinion. The physics, the feel in the wheel of the weight shifting during corners or braking, it's simply mind blowing. To put it to you this way, I thought I was decent at racing games, but when I plugged in the wheel and set the settings on PRO with no help (aside from using ABS) I realized how much I stil have left to learn. This game will challenege you, it will excite you and when you finally start feeling confident behidn the wheel, chew you out on a corner and spit you out in the grass.Few things to note, there has not been car updates for past few times we had updates, I'm sure they will be coming out soon. The multi works smoothly from experience, although not that many people are online. Lastly, (could be just my computer), but I have significant performance issues when racing around Mugello track. The FPS drops significantly, sometimes getting choppy even. That is the only track it happens on, so I'm guessing after some smoothing out it will be okSo my bottom line, would I purchase the game again, now that I know everything about it, ABSOLUTELY YES"
,Recommended,244210,24230079,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Reverse.,10/10 would waste my life again
76561197973912330,Recommended,244210,12223579,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Fumogeno,"Really want to try a TRUE cars simulator ?!?...buy a Steering Wheel and this game!!!You already have a Wheel ?!? ... Why u don't already bought??!  :P{LINK REMOVED}...Why?!?...extreme realistic guide,track and cars. The physics is the most amazing that i ever tried in a car game. Tracks are virtually same on real,designed with telelaser."
,Recommended,244210,11278254,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Legendary Chicken,Amazing Racing Sim and Best PhysicsWorth Every Penny
76561198041566536,Recommended,244210,11308633,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,[M]artillery,"This game is a worthy heir to the dedicated simbin/rfactor community. It plays like a sim and is presented like Forza for the PC.Multiplayer is already implemented and campaign mode is coming. It's not a motorsports game like Race 07 or the codemasters f1 series it's more of a world of cars experience.This one is very rewarding if you have a good steering wheel setup, standard transmission cars will teach you to liftoff when shifting even if you are playing with an automatic clutch while double clutch paddle shifting cars will not need liftoff. The game automatically adjusts settings so that road cars have 900 degrees of wheel rotation but race cars have suitably less.Tracks and cars so far have a heavy italian flavor which is good because it offers some old favorotes like monza and also fresh new circuits. This is the game for Lotus and Ferrari fans. Pagani, Fiat, and Bmw are also well represented.Has a very annoying penalty system which can, thankfully, be disabled."
76561197977460421,Recommended,244210,11520427,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,-=TR!GG3R=-,"I have been playing car games on and off for the last 25 years.  I can say, without a doubt, that this is up there with the best of them.IMHO, you need a wheel and pedals to get the best experience, I have a DFGT that I use with Gran Turismo on the PS3 and it works great with Assetto Corsa.  The only difference being that AC, although it has less cars and tracks, is much more realistic than any of the GT series.  Having done a few track days in real life I can tell you that the feel, and grip level in AC is more more realistic than any of the GT series.Also the mod community is great, with a lot of talented people who have already built cars and tracks from scratch and made them available for download on the forums."
,Recommended,244210,12620660,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,pinballRM,"Great.. pretty good challenge and sim feel with a controller (yeah that is hard to do, and they are pretty close)."
,Recommended,244210,14934955,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Wax,"Great racing sim.Especially with the recent DLC track and cars,Game is constantly being updated, tweaked and perfected.Gets better and better every week.10 / 10"
76561197987527732,Recommended,244210,8789248,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Jenks,"Superb game until the absolute disapointment that is the AI opponents that were released with the latest update. I have never in my whole life seen anyone race in that manner, and find racing against AI in Assetto Corsa a wholly frustrating and severly disapointing experience that I would rather not repeat. I expected far more of the Intelligence and a lot less of the Artificial from Kunos, who apparently have some pedigree in producing some of the better racing sims. It seems from here that they rushed into releasing some content that people were screaming for, and in rushing have completely screwed it up. Other than that, class game."
,Recommended,244210,12434531,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,ignite.,A great investment.
,Recommended,244210,8680209,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Bee-Sharp,"Assetto Corsa is a racing simulator with huge potential. I cannot wait to see what Kunos does with this game. The physics feel realistic and you can have great fun with a force feedback wheel. Right now you can only do time trials and stuff like that by yourself but even so I have had tons of fun just exploring the tracks and the vehicles. There isn't a huge amount of either right now but more is being added fairly frequently.Good:Graphics are good, not the best, but not at all bad.There is a nice variety of different cars: road cars, track day cars, open-wheelers and racing cars.Impressive and realistic physics, as well as excellent force feedback that's highly customizable.Different types of assists that can be turned on or off, so this game fits both the racing simulator enthusiast and the casual player.A variety of mods available on the forum.Bad:Not a whole lot of content, but it is in Alpha, so that's acceptable. :PMost likely the game is very difficult to play with a keyboard. I haven't tried but I assume it is. You can use a game pad though which is probably a bit easier, but of course, a racing wheel is best."
,Recommended,244210,11225943,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,The prophet of credit card debt,Such a great game if your into simulators this is the game for you.
76561198064476725,Recommended,244210,11925201,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,DurexNOSkill,♥♥♥♥ YEAH
76561198102008305,Recommended,244210,8637984,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,PERK7NZ,fantastic game! going to be so good when finished
76561197977445503,Recommended,244210,8652079,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,littlewhitepill,"Bought this game before xmas because I liked the look of it and have played a lot of the racing sims doing the rounds. I've never been that serious and have done all previous driving with a rumblepad 2. This didn't work with AC so I forked out and got a Logitech GT Force wheel. Finally after 2 days of tweaking, I have got it set up pretty well and...FANTASTIC! Trying it out in pro mode (no assistance) is tough but feels much more real than any other sim I've raced and the road/grip physics are the best yet. Looks beautiful too. More than happy with the purchase as it is but look forward to the extra tracks that are coming this way."
,Recommended,244210,8681365,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Cypher,"The new kid on the block.Assetto Corsa is an awesome experience. With cars like the 458 Italia and world famous tracks like Silverstone, this is a must have game for any petrol head or sim racing fan.With circuit racing (currently hot laps, but AI races coming in a later update), drifting and drag racing this game has multiple modes to cater to all racing fans.Currently there seems to be a focus on exotic sports cars and GT racers. It would be nice if there were more street cars in the game, but with mod tools being released soon we could see this happening very soon!10/10."
,Recommended,244210,8681550,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Altokasmir,Absolutely amazing even in it's current state of production. I can't fathum how much better this game will be when its done. Forza killer right here.
76561198047620874,Recommended,244210,8702493,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Roast Ghost,"Amazing game to play, whether it be hot lapping or multiplayer racing. Very realistic physics engine, which when coupled with a wheel, gives a great immersion."
,Recommended,244210,10423604,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,DeathInACan,"Hands down, one of the best racing games/sims I have ever played. Driving physics feels good, graphics are nice, cars are wonderfully detailed. Works amazing with a racing wheel - but even on controller you can do some quite competitive lap times. Extremely rewarding, provides a challenge but is extremely adaptable with settings regarding your skill level. So far not that many tracks and only around 15 different manufacturers but that is just because of it being still in development. I have heard there will be new content all the way till 2018.9.5/10 would recommend wholeheartedly. Brilliant even in early access, only going to get better!"
76561197992988457,Recommended,244210,10853745,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,VedoHWB,"Worth every penny!If you'll play it with a gamepad, google ""Asseto Corsa gamepad settings"", cause the default ones  are  terrible.9/10"
76561197960504501,Recommended,244210,11005291,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,GroundZer0,"There are a few ways at looking at a simulation / racing game, is it for instance designed to work with a steering wheel, stick and H shifter off the shelf, how do the cars handle, how lazy is the grip and how realistic is the driving.The short answer is no matter your skill level, you will be both rewarded and punished at the same time in your first couple of drives.This game is still in alpha yet it fails to disappoint even thus far with a lot of content being not available, yet.So after crashing fantastically with all the driving assist aides turned off and learning to tame the beast of the fantastic physics engine, I can hold my hand up and say this is the most challenging sim I've played thus far, Live for speed and console + wheel included... this is harder and somewhat more rewarding.When you clip a kerb the car bounces and your vision simulates in-car circumstances and when you hit the gravel trap a tinkering of gravel exiting the body panels and spoilers of your car reminds you of your mistake along with a dusty and dirty windscreen.Sure I'd like the ability to feather the traction control and ABS interference rather than on / off because at a choice, gun to my head assists off give me much more 'fun' but fustration at the same time since I don't have the option for a tiny little bit of TC for an overpowered car with limited grip, however this is surely to come in the future releases so it's minor gripes to say the least.Laser scanning of the Nordschleife have begun.Buckle up for the most crash tastic or rewarding driving experience you can muster, are you man enough to turn all the assists off ? your patience will tell."
,Recommended,244210,11131695,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Sminky-ZA,Awesome Simulator.Very Realistic.Racing Wheel recommended like the logitech G27.
,Recommended,244210,11350572,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Harnar,"Probably the best racing simulator on PC, and it will only get better with time. More cars and tracks will make it even better!"
76561197981173565,Recommended,244210,13411689,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,de4df4ce,One of the best racing games you can get for PC.
,Recommended,244210,8699471,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Chukkzy,"I am not what you would call a motorsports fan, but this game is really awesome! If you like driving games, get it!"
,Recommended,244210,10087288,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,HanW1k,Best sim i've played
,Recommended,244210,11017485,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,DECEARING EGG,THIS GAME IS THE BEST RACING GAME IVE EVER PLAYED AND ITS STILL IN ALPHA!!!
,Recommended,244210,24427471,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Thom Klanc,Is good game.
,Recommended,244210,14868538,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Facade,if you like racing drifting or just like doing hot laps this game has everything get it you wont be dissapointed
76561198032078112,Recommended,244210,31597253,Posted: 6 May,all,JesusFreak,"VIRTUAL REALITY REVIEW WITH STEERING WHEEL:The only racing game that feels realistic and enjoyable in VR (HTC VIVE) with a wheel and running well on reasonably good PC in high settings (i5-6600k, Asus GTX 1070).The menus don't display in VR. It's a small price to pay for a very immersive racer.The cars feel amazing, the opponent cars are highly detailed, the environments look good in VR, but not excellent by current VR standards. It's a lot of fun with a used Logitech driving force GT wheel I recently purchased. Wheel feels nice with tension and vibration, excellent simple shifter. If you're gonna get this for VR, you need to get the wheel to really enjoy this in VR."
,Recommended,244210,10608578,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,abbmohpilot,"Not bad for a early access game. Very playable with a controller (I'm using a Logitech F710) but still needs a mouse to navigate the menus. Multiplayer is still rough and doesn't work all the time, so keep that in mind."
,Recommended,244210,31787540,Posted: 16 May,all,Man Ray,"My first real racing sim, this has become one of my favorite games to play.Relatively good graphics compared to other racing simes, no fee to pay online (iracing).I'm in a league called ACRL! Weeky races are competitive and fun.Online with randoms can be  a bit chaotic and unenjoyable.You'll get the most out of this with a wheel but a controller is useable.I would still recommend as it is a ton of fun and regularly updated."
76561198019350502,Recommended,244210,23124700,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,SameNameEveryWhere,"Amazing. Simply amazing!This is so awesome to mess around in.Here I can drift, tune the car and drift some more. The handling is amazing!The best racing game I've ever played.Plays smooth on mid-powerd laptop"
,Recommended,244210,11912699,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,ImperatorTiberius,"Holy CRAP!!! This Game is REALLY GOOD!!! There is nothing like it on pc. It brings back the exitement I had back in the day with Gran Turismo 1-4. Real Racing, real cars, real realism, without interfering with the FUN of playing games. It's in early access, but nothing feels really early access about it! I'm afraid to score the game, I don't have many hours put into it and the content ingame isn't the whole package. You get an early access build of the game with already a variety of tracks (6 or so plus other versions of some tracks, drag, drift) And I have seen ""day before release"" bêta's way way way worse then this, I have seen released games way way way worse then this. This is finally Gran Turismo quality for the PC. A fun but realistic racing game.In other words, the best pc-racing game out there.Ever since me and the toyboxes got seperated from eachother after the ps2 got old, I have been missing my racing fix. I have tried the SimBin racers, I tried GRID, Dirt, and some more. Then codemasters came up with a decent formula 1 game, I bought the 2013 edition and was quite satisfied. But still, formula 1 games miss a lot of depth. You can play career, but end up driving the same cars for a decade ingame, there are classic cars but not a full grid of about the same classic cars. And it's just formula 1 and it's still no Gran Turismo in any respect.I knew Assetto Corsa by name for some time, but never knew just how good it was. This game really does give me the Gran Turismo feeling. I know it's a bit short on content and the loading screen gives away the early access status of the game, it just promisses that there will be so much more upon release. I glanced over some articles and saw brands pass by that aren't ingame yet, more tracks are coming.The cars ingame already show where they're heading with this game: bring the real driving on a track experience and racing with a variety of different types of cars (ranging from street cars like bmw m3e30's to formula 1 cars) for your pleasure. I only hope that eventually we can put up full grids of different cars in each class so we can have variety in our races. I also kind of hope that eventually we have hundreds of cars to race, including those you might have yourself (like in Gran Turismo)...Which brings me to the content part... because this is a PC game and not some toybox game like GT and Forza. The game comes (apperently, haven't checked) with a level-editor, and it is made for MODS. One look shows me that there are already tracks to download and that people have already started modeling the cars in front of their house (seat ibiza, a datsun from the 80's) so, yes... we will have hundreds of cars in this game, we will have lots of new tracks to download, people will paint their own skins on their cars so variety is guaranteed. So far, I don't need mods. At release, I don't think I need mods. After probably playing this game for too many hours... I'd probably want to put my own car in the game...I do have to mention the AI of the competitors, because their the most awesome AI's I have ever played a racing game with. For instance, they race their own race and have their own strategy for the race. They really plan and try overtaking manouvres, know how to defend their line, make mistakes and one of the most impressive thing I saw was they respond to events that happen. They try to avoid collisions which makes them behave more unpredictable. If you put up pressure, you can see the AI changing behavior to more defensive but more prone to mistakes perhaps.The sound of the game is also great and if you don't like it, there are mods for that. When 20 cars pass by when you watch a replay, the sound is not the sum of all sounds heard but you hear 20 cars pass by with a lot of noise. Some cars could get some more powerfull sounds, but again... there are already mods for that and it's early access. The replays are really worth watching. Again, the Gran Turismo feeling... it's awesome to drive a good race, get a drink and sit back to enjoy the replay. Otherwise you wouldn't really be able to admire the good graphical reproduction of the cars ingame anyway XDIf you remotely like racing games, you're safe with this one for a long time! This game is already in such a good state and they say this is the alpha version I'm playing when I want to play online... I think I might regard this a perfect racing game when it's done, I can't see a lot of obstacles in the way of that. There is no better racing game for the PC, period."
,Recommended,244210,14646349,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,sno`,"Game-Version i base this Review on: 1.0.4Even thou this game still is a work-in-progress and is missing some vital features like a working pit-lane/crew it is already the best racing game out there.Pros:- It has exelent grafics, physics and performance.- The devs work hard to deliver the best experience possible and have succeeded by doing so. Regular updates/fixes and new content are pouring in quick succession.- It has awesome licensed cars which are all lovely crafted and as close to the real thing as they can get, both in terms of optics and drivability.- Mod Support! Yes, this game has an ever growing Mod-Community. Some of the mods even made it to be part of the official game itself like the Shelby Cobra for example. If this dosnt show how open minded the devs are i dont know what else does.Cons:- No Pit System. You literally cant do a pitstop during a race which currently limits the ability to have longer race experiences.- No Weather. Well, it is just my opinion but i really wish there was rain to have more of a challange.- Some Stupid Server-Side-Settings. Tire Wear and Grip ... really? Some Hosts like to fidle with these settings which in return makes their servers literaly unplayable. Those settings should be dynamic and dependant of the actualy count of cars usage/rubber put onto the track.*I might edit this review at any time once new updates are released that either add new features or change existing ones."
76561198015591189,Recommended,244210,8699244,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,McKie,Good game for early access. Still has a little way to go but this game is heading in the right direction. Perfect for those just getting into race sims like myself with the ability to customize the play style to your liking. I can take baby steps into full realism game play. Good for noobs wanting to get into race sims without the big learning curve. Once the wheel settings are set from recommendations from the community its game on. This game is a blast. get it!
76561198097358744,Recommended,244210,23202400,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Just shat on wolvErine,"The best racing sim.  The wheel feels fairly natural and the game constantly gets better.  The community is perpetually adding car and track mods and with Automation, one can design an engine there, and upload it to modded cars here.  That is amazing.  There is not another game that matches its presence of style.  While unfinished, there isn't another racing game that seems as flawless as this.Recent improvements are programming for the Occulus Rift, (and probably other Virtual Reality gear, {there is a nice selection of pre-programmed wheel arrangements already}), not to mention the artificial intelligence of the cpu opponents that has evolved to seem more like a real race experience.  More camera angles to fit to your gaming setup than before, and in-game apps to improve the gameplay that until utilized, you'd hardly even notice was needed.  There is much more done and in the works that I'm surely not remembering.The only addition I'd want is to have an option to tweak cars like forza or project cars where there are more options to alter the vehicle to suite ones' wishes.  That stuff feels a little like fluff though, (other game versions.)  Assetto Corsa cars feel more authentic from the start, and some can be modified more than others.  The cars seem so distinct from each other by how they drive alone, it makes perfect sence why some cars have been chosen to be in the line-up.  More variety is almost always welcome, as long as it doesn't take away from the quality, which isn't lacking here."
76561198251334280,Recommended,244210,21327719,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Michael Bourn,One of the best
,Recommended,244210,8064249,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Pandemon1c,"Lots of fun and realism and it's not even finished yet. Shaping up to be an excellent game/sim. It has drifting, I am in love."
76561198028321618,Recommended,244210,13571413,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,HubsonPL,Those who play this game need just two words to describe it: Assetto Corsa!For those who didn't play will understand it when they will AC.
,Recommended,244210,7721246,"Posted: 22 November, 2013",all,IceFox,Simply amazing. As someone who loves motorsports. As someone who's favorite game franchise is Forza. This game does wonders for me.
,Recommended,244210,23828969,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Wilfrid Wong,"You may wonder, why would you want to listen to an ordinary dude with a pad? I started my career as a Formula One driver. As I get older, I become a Rally driver, just like Kimmi. I retire as a Truck driver and now, I drive Farm tractor. In short, I love driving.So I pick up Assetto Corsa. Started off with a Ferrari 458 Italia - a car I dream to have one day, perhaps when I retire as a farmer. Took my 458 to Monza. I know that circuit by heart. Man, the roaring sound of the engine is amazing, especially when going down that small flyover. The tires squeal as I attack the corners. Abuse the 458 too much and it starts to go out of control. I can FEEL the feedback of my 458. It is stunning. Before I knew it, I spent hours in Monza trying to best my own time.I may not have spent a lot of time with Assetto Corsa as of this write-up. But trust me, I see a gem when I found one. If you are looking for a simulation, it does not get better than this.Footnote: A bit about my setup.Control - PS3 controllerAssist - all offGearbox - manualCamera - Cockpit, always :)Proficiency - N/A, just an ordinary dude who enjoys a racing sim."
76561198001146712,Recommended,244210,12596188,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,a.ritchie,This is the best Driving Sim.
76561198087893634,Recommended,244210,22406210,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Honda,-Joined a racing session-Chose Nissan gtr-Got baffled after seeing the graphic-raced and lost-would race again12/10
,Recommended,244210,11648454,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Atomiku,"Review as of 8/11:This game is tons of fun. I've spent a few hours in it now, trying out various things, races, drifting, time trials, and tons and tons of practice laps. You know a game is good when even it's most basic aspect, taking laps around a track in different cars, is a blast. As you get better and slowly add in time trials, then racing, then some trickier manuevers like drifting, this game has great playability and I expect a very long shelf-life. The Graphics as they stand now are lovely, although at times unoptimized (anyone else getting massive FPS drops in the sand?) but even still, with my Dual 660's I'm able to play at 5750x1080 at around 50 FPS, very nice.It's equally as fun to pick up an putz around for 10 minutes as it is to sit in, and really dig into those corners for a multi hour session. I look forward to more cars and tracks in the future, and will update this with my thoughts on Rift support once I get my DK2.9/10 Would Recommend"
,Recommended,244210,24391808,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Awppenheimer,"For me it's the best racing sim on the market.It may still have some problems (full controller support still missing), but nevertheless it's a great game with lots of content (dlc are a must-have!)"
76561198055678878,Recommended,244210,21684800,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,alb123,"An incredible driving/racing simulator.  The standard content of Assetto Corsa is decent.  I would highly recommend adding the Dream Packs as well.  In addition, there is an amazing community of modders who produce professional quality tracks and cars that can be downloaded and added to Assetto Corsa, the vast majority are free of charge.  The community is very welcoming (the official support forums) and you'll get help for ANY issue as long as you are polite and respectful.The driving physics of Assetto Corsa are second to none.  Sure, some people will say that's a subjective statement.  Others may say that they prefer another sim's physics.  That's fair, but no one can say that Assetto Corsa's physics aren't great, even if they think another sim is better.  I personally think AC has the best physics in the biz.  To me, physics matter the most.  After all, we're talking about ""simulation"".  I'm looking for the most realistic experience possible behind the wheel of a virtual car.Graphics and sounds are excellent.  Again, thanks to the amazing community of modders, if you aren't 100% happy with the sounds of a particular car, the odds are great that you could download a substitute set of sounds for just about any car.  Heck, you could make your own if you want to learn how to use FMod.  Likewise, you can download or create your own PP Filters which change the graphical properties of the sim.Again, if you're really into realism you must own Assetto Corsa.  If you're more interested in just logging onto public servers and smashing into others all in the name of fun, stick to console titles like Gran Turismo  or Forza.  Of course there are people who take those games seriously, but there are also people who just want to look at fancy cars and go fast.  Assetto Corsa players, like most Sim drivers, are looking for realism and don't mind a steeper learning curve in setting impressive lap times.There is no car modding, like adding turbos and upgraded LSD's or suspensions like in the console games.  There is no grinding for in-game cash/credits so you can purchase more cars and more parts.  You get every single car right out of the box and can download many, many more.  You can ""tune"" the cars, however, to suit your driving style or correct any issues you might be having with a particular car.  Usually for street cars it's just simple things like Toe In or Out.  Adding or reduce Camber.  Adjusting Tire Pressure.  Maybe slight Aero adjustments if the car has a rear wing or active aero components.  Race cars, however, usually have much more that can be adjusted, like Ride Height, Spring Rate, Bump Stop Rate, Gear Ratios, etc.Assetto Corsa can be played with a gamepad, but you really want to get yourself a steering wheel and pedals to fully take advantage of the driving experience.  Many people run triple monitor setups for racing sims.  I'm running a single 46"" LCD TV as my sole display and the game is beautiful.  With all the graphical settings maxed out I really can say that Assetto Corsa is a gorgeous game, for the most part.  I would recommend this game to anyone who's even vaguely interested in experiencing the ""serious side"" of driving and racing cars via computer."
,Recommended,244210,10977693,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Pimpizzle,"Excellent game, excellent physics and this is only the beta O_OI'm really impressed."
76561198004658653,Recommended,244210,11109654,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Rich Grant,"I've been doing the race thing for some time now and can say very frankly that Assetto Corsa wil be THE Premere racing sim out there. These guys really have it figured out and I think they want to be the best. Having said that, I believe that we gamers owe it to them and the racing community to do our best to suggest improvements where it really matters. One thing that comes to mind is the whole concept of racing and that has to do with ""Passion"", the love of it. So if we want Assetto Corsa to be the best then we must do our part and race with the same passion, like proper respect and just have fun. This game is awesome and more than rivals sims like F1 2013. I think we have the opportunity to be a part of a great company, a ""Band of Racers"", if you will. Bravo to the TEAM of passionate and dedicated developers at Assetto Corsa, well done mates!Thank You,Rich Grant"
,Recommended,244210,33509942,Posted: 13 July,all,SockyNoob,"Definitely recommended. Even without a wheel, it's incredibly fun. I use a 360 controller personally and Assetto Corsa's driving physics definitely stand out from the rest. Despite what people tell you, the graphics in this game are pretty good. The sound is good as well. Those are the basics.Aside from that, there are some problems that must be addressed. For one, there aren't that many tracks and cars to begin with. I can't exactly say this is a negative, as every track they do is the best in the industry (laser scanned and accurately modelled) and the cars are well done too. Because Kunos (the developers) places quality over quantity, you're not going to have anywhere near the amount of content as you do in games like Project CARS. However, this game is one of the most mod-friendly games out there, right behind rFactor. This brings me to the second point that needs to be addressed.The mods in Assetto Corsa range from very good to very poor. Now, obviously bad mods don't mean the game itself is bad. But since Assetto Corsa is quite new and more complicated than rFactor 1, the mods can't be easily made as quick. Kunos updates the sound of the game very frequently and it always breaks mods. Track mods are fine despite updates. Cars break consistently. Some mods straight up don't even work anymore. Another problem (that's likely intentional) is that there's no Steam Workshop, so you have to go to other sites to find mods. Not really a huge issue, but it's something worth noting.The career mode in the game is hardly a thing. You just win races. If you're looking for car collection and car customization, you'll have to look elsewhere. As with most PC racing sims, the cars are already unlocked from the start. Only ""progression"" in the game is the fact that you can't start the career from anywhere. You start with slow cars and end in very fast cars. But that's it.Despite me saying this game is fun and playable on a controller, it must be noted that you'll never be as fast as you will be on a wheel. Turning quickly and accurately is incredibly difficult. You probably will never beat a race beyond the ""normal"" difficulty on a controller. This is not a flaw of the game obviously. This is a racing simulator. This is not a sim-cade. This game will definitely test your patience and your skills. If that kind of racing experience is what you want, I'd highly consider buying this game."
76561198052525131,Recommended,244210,32401492,Posted: 13 June,all,pantera420,The best driving game I've played yet.
,Recommended,244210,32533998,Posted: 18 June,all,Hachi-Roku,"Hopped into this game straight outta my mad Silvia, immediately downloaded drift mods, did some sick handbreakies. Cant recommend highly enough. Next day tried to recreate the awesome display I had created in game. Got arrested, car got crushed. Now I cry as I drift my virtual 200sx around Ebisu. 11/10 would ruin life again"
,Recommended,244210,33158832,Posted: 2 July,all,blank,good.
76561198067449036,Recommended,244210,25236002,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,radomraz,"I normally dont really bother with reviews and stuff, but this game deserves one. I have been playing racing sim games since first gran turismo on ps one, also very first F1 games on very first PCs and rally as well! I have played with some of the best wheels you can get and I have played with keyboard and gamepad as well, so I have been around for some time to try it all and play pretty much every racing/rally sim there is, so I will tell you that this game is breathtaking and it is only getting better and better, I own this game from very early access when it wasnt so great but I knew that they will nail it. And they did just that! The attention to detail on each car is immaculate! The physics are incredible! Sound is stunning! Graphics are beautiful! So far a king of racing sim and a real driving simulator!"
,Recommended,244210,31626222,Posted: 8 May,all,Polina,"I love this game, very good simulator. But i am missing Czech circut - Autodrom Most and Brno."
,Recommended,244210,31633600,Posted: 8 May,all,m1rk1986,A good racing simulation game
76561198077642094,Recommended,244210,11687489,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,1980-Something Space Guy,"Great game, will be interesting to see how this competes against the upcoming Project CARS soon to be released."
,Recommended,244210,11688895,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,DeathGuy,I particularly like the extreme attention to detail on the physics of the game. The cars handle quite realistically on the very excellently created track surfaces.The game looks beautiful and it continues to evolve in that way as well.You need a steering wheel. YOU NEED A STEERING WHEEL
76561198021407719,Recommended,244210,11686509,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Rikksy,One of the best driving simulation I have ever played!
76561198032496642,Recommended,244210,11713569,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,1337 Combatant,Even in early access stage this is already a very great game!There are some minor things that have to be completed but as far as it goes now I give it a thumps up!
,Recommended,244210,11795074,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Vander,9/10Great Simulator. Need more cars tho...
,Recommended,244210,11537436,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,davydawg,Best racing sim kthx
,Recommended,244210,22854121,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,TheHamMann,"Great physics, I find myself playing for long periods of time, and not getting bored,"
76561198079388802,Recommended,244210,22891661,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Tugger,"A brilliant race simulation,good graphics with excellent game play and the real feel of racing for real.."
76561198044473465,Recommended,244210,23039498,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Bupi,"Best sim I have played for a long time, great community and lots of good mods available."
76561198063950644,Recommended,244210,15270718,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,FairladyZ,"Not just one of the greatest simulators I have ever tried... It is THE greatest simulator out there. Gorgeous graphics that are optimised, beautiful sounds, and the best physics I have ever witnessed in a simulator. It's got great FFB for those using a wheel. I have a G27 and every bump you hit on the road, the wheel will simulate. It's absolutely amazing. This game completely stomps on PCars in every way possible except graphical capabilitys. But with the way this game looks and feels when you're on the road, it really doesn't matter. Please do yourself a favor and buy this game. They even have a laser scanned Nurburgring... Buy the game. Buy the DLC. Stop reading this right now and just freaking do it. You're still reading huh? Well there's nothing left for you to read after this sentence, so PLEASE support the developers of this game and BUY IT RIGHT NOW!"
,Recommended,244210,34714056,Posted: 3 September,all,☯ Jmaster ☯,Play this game and this song =https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dv13gl0a-FAdrift every single corners >.<Pros:physics nicegraphics coolcommunity and the server's is always alivethe sound of the cars is way more realisticCons:the chellenges is so hard >.<worth to buy9.6/100
76561198014316197,Recommended,244210,32681180,Posted: 23 June,all,VauZwa,....love it!
,Recommended,244210,24129176,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Minimaul,"Edit: The 1.7 patch fixed a lot of the AI issues. It's still not great, but it's a LOT better than it was.The good:- good, reliable multiplayer with dedicated servers- a wide range of moddability- laser-scanned tracks for good accuracy- about as good a physics model you can get without getting into full on sims like iRacing- regular updates with physics & gameplay improvements, and new free content- reasonably priced DLC with actual contentThe bad:- single player content is poor- the AI isn't fun to drive against- a relatively small number of tracks and cars (but this is improving with DLC and newer content patches)Overall - this is a good fun game especially in multiplayer that's about as good for physics as you get without getting to the point where it becomes frustrating."
76561197992439253,Recommended,244210,34445034,Posted: 23 August,all,georgie,Bought a Logitech G27 for this game
76561198023080343,Recommended,244210,13292046,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,TheRoggan,"This is the best car simulation ever created! Both road and race cars are simulated extremely accurately. The visuals and sounds are absolutely top notch as well.In addition to the amazing official content with cars and tracks there are already 100+ 3:rd party ""mods"" with quality tracks and cars available for download, most of them free!This is the best that has happened in car simulation for the past 20 yearsI have driven Assetto Corsa for over 300 hours so far and I cant get enough!"
,Recommended,244210,10882278,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Mach,"Genuinely a decent car simulation engine, really great fun if you like your driving like me.Setup with a joypad can be a pain, I had to research the settings on the forums and went through stages where I totally broke the ability to effecively control the car, it's a shame this doesn't yet work right off the bat. I hear a steering wheel is much better but I've neither the time or patience to bother with one right now.The main reason I picked this up however is the solid foundation of a decent driving simulator with excellent modding support, already we're seeing open round tracks being built, the ring, imaginary maps, laser scanned maps, it's that extensability which provides proper replayability when you just want to drive for the sake of it.Cars are modelled excellently inside and out, I would like an option for internal engine noise with external camera, there's a dodgy workaround at the moment for this which I use, the cars have very different power delivery mechanisms, you can really feel the lag and boost of the turbos, then switching to NA engined cars gives you a nice smooth curve to drift with, the BMW's rev to high heaven and sound awesome in the process.There could do with a better perception of speed in the stock game, again, I had to adjust the FOV or I'd just keep flying off the track doing 200mph feeling like it was 30. With a bit of tweaking however you get a decent, rewarding to play driving game.Buy this game if you like driving, don't bother if you're more into arcade racers, I think it would just annoy and bore you."
,Recommended,244210,33388534,Posted: 8 July,all,terrymcgrady,"hmm, as a gamer, not a simulation enthuisast,  I hope it features more civilian cars and dynamic weather system, like project cars.Still a fun game to play."
76561198089440889,Recommended,244210,23541471,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,s0ul01,"If you want a complete and realistic racing sim without spending hundreds of €, look no further. Assetto Corsa offers amazing physics and a wide variety in cars and tracks. Plus, there is free content updates quite often."
,Recommended,244210,32317203,Posted: 10 June,all,dEZ-,"Best racing sim, hands down"
76561198098554254,Recommended,244210,31367410,Posted: 25 April,all,Oli Halkin,"Drive, race, sprint, drifts, trackdays,...whatever. AC is the best, physics and FFB are top - very authentic/ believable/ real. Car setup is intuitive, easy to learn and use. Options / settings - very adjustable, also tons of values in AC´s cfg files. HUD - lots of useful apps with adjustable size and position. Sounds and graphic - very good, perfect optimization. Lots of cars, tracks and mods...On other side, DLC - you can only connect to server with content which you have but don't worry, after a little tasting, you will want everything : )AI - not sure about their ability, because my playtime is 95% MP / 4,6% practice or mods / 0,4% AI race, but I remember few hard times on Nordschleife (AI crash in same place again and again, but it´s specific for 2 cars, maybe...)I have tried other simulators, too (rFactor 1,2 / AMS / LFS / GTR 1,2 / Dirt / RBR) but AC is absolutely my cup of tea, everything seems to be in the right place in this sim. It's worth it."
76561198018494742,Recommended,244210,31772138,Posted: 15 May,all,Grounded Finn,"I've been an owner since the early access era. The game had its ups and downs, and nobody can deny that. Currently it's the closer thing you can get to GT or Forza for the PC. It's great for multiplayer(albeit, if you own the dlc so you won't get locked out of the servers), but not that great for singleplayer, because the career is just there with nothing special.Join some leagues and enjoy the multiplayer. It is by far its strongest point, along with a steady modding community."
,Recommended,244210,15301451,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Reasonably Neat Cup,"""very Positive""????? I have one question for yallz. Have you ever played Forza?I unfortunately dislike this game very much. Not only is the menu arguably the most difficult to navigate i have seen in a long time, but the graphics are not the greates either. And by that, I mean ""not $50 dollars worth"". Additionally, the physics engine is horrendous!! oversteer is way too prominant and the back end of the car enters turns at the same time as the front wheels! It's like suddenly friction stopped and im being blown sideways by the wind! Yes, I know its still in beta, but I payed for a good simulator, not good potential."
76561197971314932,Recommended,244210,26206664,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,c4ypt1k,"Nordschleife laser scanned in AC is the best, has the most surface detail of all sims. Its the only track I drive atm because its just so addictive. Other tracks are also the best of all sims, Spa or Silverstone for example.The FFB is very easy to setup (unlike Project Cars) and feels brilliant on the OSW. The physics is excellent, all the cars drive and feels realistic, traction loss, oversteer understeer all very very good. Mechanical details of specific cars, are very accurate. Damage is pretty good, both visual and physical. Interior and exterior of all the cars in AC have great details which suits VR extremely well.Although the VR support in AC is still beta it is still very good, I am sure the Kunos team will do a great job in the final release.I would like to see improvements -More weather conditionsMore car packs DLCs (Honda?)More laser scanned tracksBroadcasting/spectating modeBetter online lounge would be nice actuallyLess predicable AI (not as good of iteration as Project Cars AI, but still entertaining)Final VR support asapVR SLI and DX12 engineFYI - I am running wtih MiGE/Simucube Oculus CV1 setupSUMMARY -  Why waste your time driving on non laser scanned tracks? World famous tracks with laser accuracy, world famous cars with real physics right in your living room (or garage)!"
,Recommended,244210,34409381,Posted: 21 August,all,Tomyum,"Very realistic, menu could be made a bit easier for newbies."
,Recommended,244210,28041700,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,NnoukK,"Simply one of the best sim games around, if not the best"
,Recommended,244210,30293552,Posted: 3 March,all,Racingdude,I love this game. Since I got my steering wheel I play this game. You have a great feeling how the track conditions are and what your car is doing. The graphic is very good and the car models ar very realistic. Everyone who has a steering wheel shpuld play this game.
,Recommended,244210,34037372,Posted: 5 August,all,Shampoo,you need steering wheel to play this gameIt's hard to play it with controllerbecause this is simulation game
76561198081107012,Recommended,244210,26253727,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Dudles451,Awesome game for everyone that enjoys driving. Career mode is weak though.
,Recommended,244210,31207252,Posted: 17 April,all,Kendrick Lamar,"Game Is absolutly amazing and a great value. Though to much DLCs divide the online community, playing without DLCs greatly limits the amount of playable servers."
76561197975322443,Recommended,244210,31324340,Posted: 23 April,all,SoulMaTriX,"Out of all the racing games I have played over the years (GT1-6, Forza 6, Project Cars, rFactor 2, GTR, etc), I really like how each car drives, handles, and sounds. My favorite being the GTR 34! What a beast, just give me 600 bhp, not 375 bhp… come on man! Cars like Ferrari and McLaren are actually drivable and stable - I had a difficult time getting these cars stable in other games with tons of tweaking; whereas, in AC, stock settings have been okay thus far. Having never driven the cars on the list in real life (really who can afford these beauties?), I have no comparison, but it ""feels"" more realistic and less arcade to how I believe the cars should handle. I feel this game is the “most realistic” and grounded to the road compared to other games.My biggest gripe to date is the poor MP on PC. All PC players want from AC is: private lobbies, easy MP setup, realistic gameplay, and fun racing with friends. FIX THIS, please.Content - Not a lot, even with all the DLC. AC does have some of the staples of racing tracks - Nürburgring, Spa, Brands Hatch, Monza, etc. I would like some classic tracks like Laguna Seca, Bathurst, Sarthe, Fuji (these are added mods - though mods are fairly good, the sound and track intricacies are not quite the same as the AC tracks). For all those modders, thank you! The modding community does a great job for both vehicles and tracks!"
,Recommended,244210,31512980,Posted: 2 May,all,Greaf,I get to drive an AE86 up Mt Akina.. this makes me happy.
76561198046710333,Recommended,244210,15211175,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,NoMoneyLinez,"This is the first time I play a simulator. I was not sure whether I would be able to play with a controller or not, but I decided to give it a try with a DS4. To my surprise it works extremely well! So far, I have been enjoying the game tremendously. With this said, it is a very well done game, and I am more than satisfied with it. Congratulations for a very well made game Kunos Simulazioni."
76561198077536017,Recommended,244210,30486556,Posted: 13 March,all,DukeV,"I have to say that this game really delivers it when speaking pure driving joy. MODS MODS MODS, a BIG ++++. Community is very active and online races are usually pretty ""realistic"", you dont see much of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s on the roads. BIG RECOMMENDATION. love it!"
,Recommended,244210,30488180,Posted: 13 March,all,Dukes,"Great Simulator, Worth the time to practice and get it right. Many feels when you fly down the track, nail that corner, and improve your lap time."
76561198123409449,Recommended,244210,30634684,Posted: 20 March,all,savage,Love cruising in my rari skrr skrr
76561198077266582,Recommended,244210,11327697,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,andrew260z,"Really enjoying this sim. Its what rFactor 2 should have been, got a great modding community behind it to, already grabbed some tracks and installed them. Great stuff! must have for any decent sim racer."
,Recommended,244210,11826967,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Big Buff Cheeto Puff,"Let me tell you something.Do you know what it's like to be at the helm of a nearly untamable Ferrari and hear the engine roar and pop? I'll wait.Okay, time's up. I'll answer that for you. No. You probably don't know. And I haven't done that in real life, so I guess I don't either, but Assetto Corsa brings you as close to that as possible. For me, the sound is the best part of this game thus far. Every single car sounds different than the last and every one is just as satisfying to hear. From the screech of tires to gravel and especially the unique sound of each engine (and those sounds change depending on your view. Different sounds in the cockpit than an ""over the shoulder"" arcade-style view), every one of those sounds seem incredibly authentic and immersive. First time I got behind the wheel of a Ferrari was exhilarating. First time behind a Formula 1 car was empowering. And so on.Now, my computer is incredibly low-spec. We're talking 2011 MacBook Pro (running Windows via bootcamp) with integrated Intel HD 3000 graphics low. But with a bit of graphics tweaking, I was able to get this game to run at about a cool 30 fps. Which isn't terrible, but it's certainly not the best. It's enough for the casual racer to get a good lap or 60 in. No biggie. So if you have a super crazy maxed out rig, you should be able to get this to run at 60 fps no problemo. In any case, the cars look great.Even though this game is accessible hardware-wise, skill-wise it is certainly not. It does not hold your hand. But don't let that scare you. There are a few cars in here that are slow enough that you can take for a spin and get at least a decent handle on things before trying to tame a supercar. I mean, you could try and go for a few laps in a McLaren but you'll get your butt kicked if you don't know what you're doing. Suffice to say your 6-year-old sister couldn't pick this up on a whim and start beating you like Mario Kart.I don't have a racing wheel (yet), but I managed to get a Dualshock 3 controller from my old PS3 connected and working, and honestly, it's working out much better than I thought it would. Driving simulators with controllers tend to not go well with me since I usually oversteer and give the car waaaay too much throttle. Yay, spinning out! But with a few configuration adjustments, I've been able to take corners smoother than I ever have in any other game. If you don't have a wheel or controller (I'd recommend you pick one up. It makes the game better. And other games too.), there is a nice option where you can steer with your mouse, making much smoother turns than your A and D keys ever could.So, the real question is, should you pick this game up?Weeeeeeell......maybe. Personally, I think you should wait either for it to be on sale for at least 50% off (at the time of this review Assetto Corsa is in early access and it's on sale for half off: $20). Otherwise, a full $40 isn't quite worth it yet. Apparently the full release is going to be a nasty $50 but with steam sales, that'll be alright. There's no career mode yet, and multiplayer isn't for me yet since I'm not good enough, plus it's in alpha right now. Career mode is where I'll be spending the majority of my time when it's available.TL;DR: Buy this game only if it's on sale if you want to know what it's like to sit behind the wheel of a Ferrari and hear its engines roar. Good stuff."
,Recommended,244210,9409175,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Chiefa Reef,"Mini ReviewTHE GOOD:Clear uncluttered UIBrilliant sense of speed, if you have ever raced a car on the track in real lifeyou'll know the feeling of going slower than you really are this is what youget in this game (65"" Screen)THE BAD:If you plan on playing this with a ps3 controller using DS3 tooldon't buy it right now every 50 secs to 2 minutes the wheel will completely lock to the left and not move for 10-20 secondsi've search the forums and theres no fix yetOther than that would recommened this one if you use a steering wheel"
,Recommended,244210,9681206,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Smooth Cal,"Great racing sim, switched from Iracing to this because Iracing is too damn expensive. I'm not regreting my decision at all, the cars are awesome and it feels pretty real, can't wait until Mp."
,Recommended,244210,9884685,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Snork,2 Word review of Assetto Corsa:Italian sexyness.
76561198027625715,Recommended,244210,9406060,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,TheThunder,This is a great game and just blows forza away even when played on a controller. A wheel is highly recommended for a more challenging experience.
76561198039922117,Recommended,244210,9786005,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,RoBoChOpS,"Amazing game. I used to think Forza motorsport was the best thing since sliced bread, oh! how wrong was I :D"
76561198314467759,Recommended,244210,25326544,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,animal09vip1,"this game frustrates me, it looks so nice and the handling feels like its probably great with a wheel, but with a pad im just getting nowhere, i spend more time trying to set the game up so the car controls than i do actually playing it, having said that thats my own fault for not having a wheel so it still gets the thumbs up from me"
,Recommended,244210,26624145,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Skan,"This perfectly fills the gap between simcade and serious simulation racing. The graphics will give any simulation title a run for their money if not beat them. If You are into making your own liveries, vehicles and or tracks and importing them into racing titles... this might be something you should take a look at. If You have a wheel and just like to drive stuff, this might be something you should look at. If You are looking for extremely in-depth story type of career/single player, winning in-game money, buying cosmetic parts, purposly crashing, in-game social media interactivity.... this is not that game.https://youtu.be/iwr7t_Gv2OI"
76561198070867309,Recommended,244210,34077032,Posted: 7 August,all,emo1141986,Good♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ best racing sim as of now.
76561198015657818,Recommended,244210,20275614,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,LevelUp[FRL],"just played my first 3 hours, i'm so happy i got this+) has awesome grafics and sound, lots of options and settings+) dont be scared! you dont need to be a pro to drive this+) multiplayer is very nice, i just cannot stop playing+) you're looking for the best car racing sim? this is the one!+) i can play all day, i dont see how this can get boring!IMPORTANT!get a decent wheel and pedals if you dont have one yetforget about playing with your keyboard - i couldnt get anywhere with thatusing gamepad? i tried it myself, still a pain in the buttkeep in mind ---> it's a serious gameyou will find no guns in your car, no bullet holes either,there is no flamethrower attached to your car,no knifes throwing out of the window, no blood on your windscreenno powerups or mega health that will make you go fasterjust pure racing simulation"
,Recommended,244210,35139624,Posted: 22 September,all,го́пник,"In most racing games, when you hit stuff like signs or lamp posts you just go right through them. But this is a simulator, so when you bump into a sign in Asseto Corsa, you just stop. Crashing into a sign has never been more immersive. This is up there with Dirt Rally for the most immersive sign crashing mechanics."
76561197980857950,Recommended,244210,31967139,Posted: 26 May,all,ChrissCrosser,Loving this game. Especially in VR.
76561198019362671,Recommended,244210,35162680,Posted: 23 September,all,[ITA] Colmoschin,"Assetto corsa is that kind of game that does not stop to astonish. I don't have much spare time in my life, yet I played more than 300 hours. Why? Because I love motorsport and because who is actually developing Assetto corsa loves it even more. The game keeps growing in terms of quality year by year and now is quite mature to prove all of its qualities. Equip yourself with a nice wheel and lots of patience. In fact, unless you are a talented alien, do not expect to fight for the first positions until you are able to master the game. In any case fun and satisfaction will come out for sure even fighting in the mid of the grid. Remember: there is always room for improvement if driving is your own passion.I'll see you on track!"
76561198001787325,Recommended,244210,10923534,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,BYEBYE Don't Buy COD WWll,"Best racing sim EVER. custom tracks, soon to be custom cars, custom skins, laser scanned tracks. just the best. if your not sure if you want to buy it...BUY IT!"
76561198016297943,Recommended,244210,10885633,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Maelphaedor,"Been meaning to pick this up for a while now and some of the reviews said the handeling for the cars was not so good...I can only wonder what game they were playing. The feel of the cars is utterly FANTASTIC using a wheel. Granted, I have only drove about an hours worth so far, on Monza and Mugello, two tracks that I know very well from Forza and the handeling is literally spot on. Once this game goes into full release and has all it's content, it is definately going to be the game to measure other racing games against. Game doesn't have Thrustmaster TX in the list of wheel, but supports it just fine.My only complaint is it took me a while to find where to adjust the driver aids, nothing sucks worse than wanting to be in 3rd gear to leave the apex of a turn under full power than when the game suddenly decides to shift to 4th and then back to 3rd halfway out of the turn.  :)If you are at all on the fence about getting the game, I'd urge you to do so during the summer sale, get a good deal and a great game."
,Recommended,244210,8245438,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,VulcanKnightWolf,"Very fun game. Not finished, but it has tons of potentional."
,Recommended,244210,10691808,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Gabriel Bechtold,"Great sim. Real good physics and force feedback. Still need lots of improvments on multiplayer and basic racing stuffs like pit stop, drag, weather change, dynamic grip in/out race line. Looking foward..."
76561198033058437,Not Recommended,244210,16526965,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Mikee,"As a big fan of rF2 i have to say that i dont like AC, the FFB has gotten a lot better than it used to be, but its still bad, the cars physics are, alright but their quality varies widely from car to car. The UI is good and terrible at the same time, not having possibility to do any settings changes without leaving track back to menu is very frustrating. Kunoz now started presenting DLCs for which you need to pay extra, something you will never see at rF2.AC simply does not offer what i am looking for in a simulator, that is the reason why i wouldnt buy it knowing what i know, and definetly not recomend it. There are far better simulators. Sorry"
76561198258114158,Recommended,244210,25309306,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,rudolfke,After my years of addiction to grand prix legends I have found a replacement with Assetto Corsa. Pure enjoyment lap after lap.
,Recommended,244210,24056511,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,иѕ · Tudziek,I became Takumi Fujiwara 10/10
76561198073467473,Recommended,244210,30194760,Posted: 26 February,all,kent.palmer72,The best all round driving sim available.
,Recommended,244210,23131516,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,T-Clubberlang,Awesome racing sim but a G25 or above or similar rig is a must.
,Recommended,244210,23357215,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Narfmasta,"Playing this with a Vive is hands down the coolest experience I've had in a video game.  Truly incredible to be ""in"" the car and having the sensation of speed as trees rush by and you see the distance remaining markers winding down.  Highly recommend this game for VR users."
,Recommended,244210,23190835,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,TrollgoneGamer,"Bought a G27 Steering Wheel recently and this game is just brilliant with it. With the Logitech Profiler and the ingame pre-configs the game just works perfectly. Laser-scanned tracks, detailed physics for every car. The amount of mods is amazing, and the DLC's aren't too expensive with a decent amount of content. The only big con I can think of is that the Nurburgring is a DLC. Also a decent PC is needed together with practice and dedication. Not your typical racing-game.9/10 You like realistic racing/drifting, you'll like this game."
76561198027012404,Recommended,244210,23559179,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Starglider,"Just got my hands on an Oculus Rift, tried project cars in it, it was ok. Tried Assetto Corsa, hill climb, AWESOME! So much better than project cars. Was better than pcars before the rift, now... Oooo yeah... Very nice... Very very nice..."
76561198037532616,Recommended,244210,13581715,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,PROPHET79,"Let me first of go by saying , that i have played every sim racing game out there , including the Iracing .Having said that i can easily say that ""Assetto Corsa"" is by far one of the most realistic driving experiences on PC .But in order to trully appreciate this game and it's realisam , you are gonna need to invest some money and time into it . Meaning , that you will need to get a Thrustmaster Wheel  458 italia  & Oculus Rift DK2 , and i promise you that you are going to get the real immerssive racing experience available on PC format .This is only for those who are a hardcore racing enthusiats and wanna experience the best of the best . But for a casual PC sim fan a Xbox Controller or any kind of wheel will be enough. I'm not gonna bore with details on why ""Assetto Corsa"" is the most accurate and realistic racing sim , all you need to know that it is , and don't take my word for it ,  do your research online and you will see what others mostly Professional Real Life Race Drivers have to say about this game ."
,Recommended,244210,29339910,Posted: 18 January,all,SystemDC,"Definitively THE best drifting simulator.One of the best DRIVING or HOT LAPPING simulator/simcade on the market.On Assetto Corsa I mostly enjoy drifting, hotlapping and cruising; not full on racing so this review is based from this perspective.Review updated from negative to positive. Overall I would recommend buying this game on special. Keep in mind that AC2 is coming out probably around 2019.CONGRATULATIONS to the main devs for becoming millionaire, they deserve it.Since update 1.14 (2017) the AI has DRAMATICALLY improved and AC has the best AI hands down of any sim currently available on the market.- ♥♥♥♥♥♥IC drifting physics - if you enjoy drifting, BUY THIS!- Car physics are mostly good. rFactor 2/Pro has BETTER physics (if you care about ""the most realistic"") but overall, Assetto Corsa is better as a package from my point of view and for my needs (better graphics, quality official content, etc).- Multiplayer racing is OK: great if you race against your level or people you know but pretty average most of the time in a public server.- Official content is VERY satisfying for both cars & tracks.- Extensive mod support. (RaceDepartment)- Forum support.- Keep in mind that day/night cycle as well as rain will NEVER happen in this game due to engine limitations.- A lot of DLCs to buy.IMPORTANTto keep in mind that KUNOS has recently been sold to another company (Digital Bros) . Although there has been no ""dramatic"" change in staff/management, it could still affect the future direction of this simulator.Also keep in mind that KUNOS as a game company has never finished any of their games."
,Recommended,244210,28653441,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Weke,Just awesome.
,Recommended,244210,34436769,Posted: 23 August,all,dika,Japanese Pack DLC are important in this gamejust sayin'..*EUROBEAT INTENSIFIES*
76561198040994383,Recommended,244210,15852371,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Kurbs,"Great sim with huge potential+ Nice looking game+ Physics are really good. almost spot on, maybe RFactor 2 is better for now. That would be the only rival for realism besides iRacing but both of these surpass iRacing.+ Human input from the modding community is fantastic. means loads of track, cars, weather mods, rally tracks, I even saw a bus and a truck etc.+ plenty of options+ when you tune your car it makes a huge difference unlike Grid+ Still a young game so it should have plenty of development to come. I'm looking for improvements on my negative points+ Simple layout.+ Good standard content- No rain etc bad weather dynamics. Project cars looks to be better for this.- No night time (Le mans?)- AI is not agressive enough and not all that smart. stock car racing still has the best- setting up multiplayer is not easy plus alot of messing around to change tracks. Grid autosport is good at this.~ Humans. With access to a large variety of cars and tracks straight away plus a lot of people coming from arcade racing you get crashed into alot. but thats ok as long as you cosider this. The fresh/new community will improve I'm glad there are no restrictions like iRacing. maybe ranked races could sort this.So a great game. beats the rest in my view although they have other positives I think the realism and looks together do it for me...plus the modding community. Thanks for my 180sx modders. I recomend watching ""empty box"" on youtube"
76561198168210750,Recommended,244210,33933796,Posted: 31 July,all,my name is john,"Yes, here we are again. Good game, fun, fast, with cars and physics. Good review, i know. Don't thank me man, just play the game, ok? Auf Wiedersehen!Settings for the 360 controller:Gamma=2.2Filter=0.82Speed Sensitivity=75%Deadzone=0.04Steering Speed=100%"
,Recommended,244210,15734424,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,wats-it-to-ya,"An amazing blend of sim and arcade for everyone. Best played with wheel the feedback really is amazing, going from a front engined M3 to the rear engined RUF, you can really tell how the cars pivote and slide around differently. Having played iRacing, the visuals and sounds in general are not as great, but just for having fun and sliding around, AC is awesome."
76561198023670099,Recommended,244210,15892588,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Unit 148,"This is simply the best driving/racing/sim there is. Well it is a simulator, so the physics are superb. The team did a really great job on the game overall.Graphics are excellent, the list of cars and tracks is very satisfying and there are many more to come; on the subject of the upcoming content the prices are silly, it is so cheap, the best value not only for the game, but also for DLCs.The next best thing is iRacing and it does not have as much content and the prices are ridiculous, you even have to pay to host a race, again, bang for buck Assetto kills everything there is.Compared to iRacing, the multiplayer, is still not as well functioning at this stage of developement, but it still does work quite well, so this is pretty much the only minor downside to this game.Again, physics are plainly, The BestRate? 10 out of 10, I simply can not let it have any lower than that. The multiplayer is in BETA so it doesn't go into account, don't get me wrong, it works just fine.So if you are looking for a simulator, don't just sit here and read this load, BUY THE GAME, you will not regreat it."
,Recommended,244210,15926345,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,b0xMachine',"A MUST-HAVE GAME FOR 20$. Even if you read this and midweek madness is over, pick it up for 45$ too.Its possible to play on keyboard, only drifting is harder, but its still possible.I saw a review that said: ''you need really good pc to obtain 60 fps''Well, that's not true in my case, i have♥♥♥♥♥♥pc, and i play on low/medium settings @ 1280x720 with 60 fps.ATi Radeon HD 46502 GB of RAMCore 2 Duo e6550"
76561198083536833,Recommended,244210,15926399,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Censored,"Excellent, great graphics, great feeling, great sound, great replays - good looking. Very pro and the ratings and reviews are not just marketing. If you could get it on sale you make even more profit from this product.The only minus here is the very newbie-unfreindly community. But hey it´s the end of our culture. Why not be asocial and overagressive in the internet?"
76561198009016477,Recommended,244210,9466295,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,☁яαѕтα тєн ѕєηισя ωαgωαη☁,awesome cant wait to play online :D
,Recommended,244210,9494186,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,J2414,Great game for a G27 and is excellent in drifting and racing :)
,Recommended,244210,9501976,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Hammer,best new racing sim out thier.
,Recommended,244210,9909207,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Who Am I?,Very good. only having a keyboard will ruin the experience though.8.5/10
76561198125112267,Recommended,244210,9911587,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Storm Rider,Very nice simulator. Still lacks a few features that will hopefully come with release.
76561198071779380,Recommended,244210,9763432,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,DUKASE,best game to play if you into your cars
,Recommended,244210,9490213,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Priz,This game is very fun! I find that really surprising since I don't even play racing games that much.
,Recommended,244210,9761362,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Evmolpos,This is the most realistic race driving ever experianced. This software is a simulator in development from Kudos company that works in simulation industry for real manufacturers.
76561198014874434,Not Recommended,244210,35136329,Posted: 22 September,all,Unkle,"I have played AC for over 800 hours and feel it peaked some time ago.  The tyres are on version 10 and feel great the weight transfer feels as real as i can tell  (having tracks many cars from FWD RWD and a couple of mid engined cars), but if you are after online game play don't bother unless you want GT3 lobbies or practice rooms (whats that all about) Still don't understand that people just like to practice for hours and hours while being online???I think AC should be sitting down and pumping out quality tracks pure and simple (not even laser scanned), not cars, not Ferraris, not versions of cars aready in the game  but tracks to keep us interested.I can live with a little less FFB but i think i will switch to PC2 for content tracks and online racing community even if it is flawed...I would recomend this game for feel, but not for online play any more..."
,Recommended,244210,20769666,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Pumpkin Dweller,"Not really much content in the base game, AI is horrid, campaign is nonexistent, and you have to go out of your way and find a community to get a somewhat decent multiplayer experience. However just chillin and doin hotlaps and shaving off seconds of your time is really satisfying, plus there is an insane amount of community tracks and vehicles that can reach surprisingly high levels of quality."
,Recommended,244210,21286557,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Kickmehardonatreadmill,This game will never get old! For one the game feels completly different everyday! Also there are a lot of mods which you can add! But I strongly suggest you to buy the Dream Packs because the base game doesn't have that much content! But for a $15 upgrade the Dream Pack bundle is worth it!
76561198255510646,Recommended,244210,20683445,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Beela,Best Driving Game I've  played especially if you have a teering wheel and pedals
,Recommended,244210,20753500,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,dotard,"This game is an absolute stunner. I've driven in many racing sims, over several platforms, and I have to say this is the best yet. Granted, the car and track choice may not be as extensive as other racing sims - for example GT6 on Playstation - but goodness me, the actual driving experience far surpasses anything else.Let's look at the breakdown:Pros -+ Graphics - I mean really, this has epic graphics, shadows, reflections, the lot!+ Sounds - True to life, a big plus for this sim.+ Physics - Again, very true to life.+ Force-feedback - applies only to wheel users - I use a G27 and it's great, you get a very fine feel from the road.+ Detail - Tracks and Cars - the level of detail here is simply sublime.+ Price of DLCs - very economical - only £7-ish quid per pack, for a big selection of new content.+ Multiplayer - fun, and fairly lag-less.+ Stability and performance - I can pull 115 FPS at total max settings; your mileage may vary but it gives you an idea of what can be achieved.Cons -- Choice - There aren't that many cars and tracks to choose from.- Price - £40 (at time of my purchase) is a tad steep, although worth it.TL;DR:""Buy this now."""
76561198039981875,Recommended,244210,8243455,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,paraspeura,this game is amazingthat is all
76561198052350847,Not Recommended,244210,15160440,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,b.veenhof,"First of all, i sould say i've never played a Racing Sim. I was hoping for a PC Gran Turismo, but it's a lot more hardcore. I can't seem to even corner properly, i just go straight most of the time. I need more practice :)UpdateWith a bit more practice right now, i can corner a bit. It doesn't do me much good at the moment, i'm stuck on the second career challege (the Fiat 500 Abarth SS race). Now, here's something i've noticed in most racing games: the fixed pattern your opponents will follow and can't be moved from.I crashed into another car, which left me spinning, but the other car just kept driving in his fixed pattern.Normally this isn't much of a deal, but here a wrong corner will make you lose the race. Assetto Corsa  is that kind of game. One mistake, you lose the race and hit the reset button. Which is what i have been doing for the past hour; hitting the reset button. I'm beginning to fear that this game is not for me."
,Recommended,244210,13600809,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Sandwich,"Needs a simplified version for multiplayer,otherwise 9/10"
76561198053785783,Recommended,244210,14400945,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,septic,"very good game, hours of fun and really good cars to drive, but would like some more cars"
,Not Recommended,244210,15914573,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Vítor Sousa,"Game was great in Early Access. The bugs and poorly developed features were understandable at that point.Then they decided to release the game, while it still is inconplete...In terms of feel I would give a 9/10. Best feel I get from any racing game.Globably I can't give more than a 4/10.Severall features are too incomplete for this to be a released game.Hope they improve in the future, instead of focusing on DLC'sEDIT as of 15/10/2015:As I feared, game is still looks like an incomplete mess. Still not worth the full price if you want a solid experience."
76561198024720622,Recommended,244210,19575984,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,breault_9,"I love racing simulation since the first gran turismo game on Playstation and Assetto Corsa is excellent.  I use a Logitech driving force pro .  The driving physics seems very realistic.  The graphics are great and the sounds are excellent.Real race tracks, real cars... I really like it !"
,Recommended,244210,20298897,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Quiquex,"Only proper simulation on steam, with licensed cars and super accurate tracks.Costantly updated, tons of mods and DLC's are totally worth their cost.GET IT"
76561197969335672,Recommended,244210,19125013,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,tarcirion,"One of the best racing sims we have and it's gettin better every day.There are few features i've been waiting since day one, like broadcast option, choosing your skin in online race, rain, night driving and finally better damage modelling.Honestly, online racing is more important for me with racing sims so especially broadcasting and skin option first things Kunos needs to add to the game.I'm not a great driver but i'd like to watch great drivers racing live."
76561197998372051,Recommended,244210,18160684,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,TDS,"I never review almost anything online, but this title deserves my time to do it.Hands down the Best Simulation I ever played!!!The hours of joy in this title surpass every other game i played summed in my life.Its that addictive and good.+Best Physics on the Public Market.+Every car feels amazing with g27, Nordschleife Laserscan is top notch!If you like car simulations buy this now.10/10-Shadows flickering will not be fixed (if you use higher resolutions like 2k or 4k this is not an issue tho)"
76561198020766430,Not Recommended,244210,18178706,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,koka1n,"This game should still be in early access. Great physics, no content, you get bored after while.You can have millions of cars and tracks, but that alone is not enough to make full featured game.This is a missed opportunity for a great racing sim. Hopefully they will make it into a full game one day. I even have Oculus rift and not even that saves this."
76561198031827885,Recommended,244210,17332889,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,future_productions,This game is awsome apart from a few things.......1) no night time racing :(2) there are headlights and a headlight switch but no way of knowing if there on or off ?3) default camera angles are ok but there sould be more to use4) you should be able to pick the the car of your choice out of the cars that are not being used when in online mode (car paint colour)these are just a few of my personal desires.....I WOULD STILL RECOMMEND ASSETTO CORSA ;)see you on the track  =  =  =  =  =  =  =
,Recommended,244210,22874139,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,pelusa,Simply the best simulator i've tryed.
,Recommended,244210,28228785,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,A10-C,Best hotlap simulator.
76561197978359152,Recommended,244210,15831405,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,RolloZx,"This is the best racing simulator since the best of all time - Grand Prix Legends - driving the Lotus 49 around the 66 Monza track brought a smile back to my face that no other simulation has done since GPL.RaceRoom comes close to it, but Assetto Corsa has an undefinable 'feel' to it, having at times an almost ethereal qualty.  With a Logitech G27 its incredible, the weightiness of the steering conveys everything happening at the wheels.  Sound design is absolutely fabulous - particularly the Lotus 78T, and there is a real solidity to the handling model.Car choice is varied - the odd smattering of less interesting metal punctuates some of the greatest and most iconic cars ever to have graced the track.If the design team had included the old Spa and Rouen tracks from GPL, along with the Porsche 917K, Ferrari 312P and 1970 512S I dont think Id have been able to leave the house for another week and my girlfriend would be packing her bags....Well come on then....What are you waiting for?"
76561198135095246,Not Recommended,244210,14989836,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,GreatGaming,i think this is ridiculous... not only are the greedy people now charging for dlc packs on an unfinished game but now all modded content is useless... wtf people this is such bull**** its not even funny... i want a refund
76561197982111209,Not Recommended,244210,14931191,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,[DOD]Knuckles,"This is the best damn burnout, crashing and super overpowered unbeatable ai simuator i have ever wasted 50 bucks on. I want my money back. Dont buy it unless you have a 200 dollar steering controler. And a lot of patience. Neither of which i have."
76561198009397213,Recommended,244210,14384502,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Space Tyrell,Fantastic! simply Fantastic!
76561198025110559,Not Recommended,244210,15069766,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,dkapbboy,"Unless you're a true racing sim fanatic and have a racing set up ie; steering wheel, pedals and all that, I'd avoid this one. I found it pretty boring. The only reason I bought it was because it was on sale (hardly), and I was looking for a good racing game. Unfortunately I didn't find it here.4/10Bring Forza to PC Microsoft..."
76561197960321991,Not Recommended,244210,22841645,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,christopheraser,"I have had some fun with AC, but the last twelve months have seen development slow to a crawl and the tyre model get worse and worse. It's clear that their efforts have gone into developing the console version which I have no interest in. All the while they keep pumping out premium DLC that only serves the splinter the community. I should be able to compete in a race against vehicles I don't own in a car that I have purchased instead I have to purchase that content just to get on a server even if I don't feel like buying the car. The AI in this game is also terrible, some of the worst out there, they can't get around a lot of the official tracks without having huge pile ups and will happily run you each other off the track.I much prefer rfactor2 as an online platform, not to mention it's far and away the best sim out there right now. I mean it rains and a dry line forms based on where cars actually drive and rubber builds up where cars actually drive. AC uses a script that just seems to make the whole track grip up x amount p/lap. I have got rfactor2 outside of steam although I will be converting it to steam soon. I would have thousands of hours in rf2 by now, in some ways I'm glad it hasn't been counting all that time."
76561198014072434,Not Recommended,244210,16003076,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,David Starr,Nordschleife is a DLC? In a racing simulator with so little content? FOR TEN BUCKS? You must be joking. Or insane.
76561198047901637,Recommended,244210,12579533,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,-KeRo-,"There is so much to love about AC, I could go on forever!Pros:- Laser scanned tracks- Porsche- Heaps of qualtity mods- Nordschleife- Looks great- Physics- V10 tyre model- Committed dev team- DLC is very well pricedCons:- Some of the cars do sound a bit off- Not a lot of local multiplayer servers- Career mode is severely lacking structure"
,Not Recommended,244210,19729595,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,PiedPiper,Don't bother if you don't have a steering wheel.
,Recommended,244210,24314785,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Zaronios,Waiting Red Pack.Impatiently.
,Not Recommended,244210,18203468,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Wiiyoo,Great racing simulation but the lack of content and a competent career mode makes this game unreccomendable.
,Not Recommended,244210,18212370,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Dr.Cream,Not worth owning unless you have a wheel.
,Not Recommended,244210,19767240,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Big Papa,This ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game doesnt even work since the last patch
76561198065256247,Not Recommended,244210,18385898,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Koro Sensei,"This is a really good game and probably the best in terms of driving i've played. However the lack of features in this game makes it really hard for me to recommend it, it feels like it is still in beta. However the modding community for this game is spectacular. So If you are ok with loads of modding etc then go for it but personally i was looking for a more complete game which for me this wasn't"
76561197972217203,Not Recommended,244210,30189753,Posted: 26 February,all,Vampire,"Not a bad sim - produced by a bunch of arrogant ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s who can't take criticism. The AI is a complete joke and they STILL steadfastly refuse to make standard controls mappable to controllers - even simple ones like pause or opening the menu ffs! Basically because people want it so to assert their self-imposed regal dominance over the 'peasants of the sim world' they just won't do it.Don't take my word for it - the 'developers' forum handle - ""Lord Kunos"" speaks for itself...Is good if you are looking for a featureless solo hotlap 'sim' - I say bring on something from a developer that actually realises they are making a game for the consumer - not to inflate their own ego posting positive reviews of their 'great sim', and banning anyone who dares criticise their 'sim' on the forums.....For example -https://pretendracecars.net/2017/01/10/another-year-another-stefano-meltdown/"
76561198152895673,Recommended,244210,33978977,Posted: 2 August,all,glocke lusion,Very good game for me and my dog
76561198045148402,Not Recommended,244210,29490870,Posted: 25 January,all,JZStudios,"This game is buggy, poorly optimized and most importantly, boring.There's all kinds of weird physics that makes you wonder what the hell just happened and why. Sometimes your car will just fly into the air. Some cars are so far detached from the real world counterparts I don't know how the team got the figures they use. Certain drivetrain types (Namely AWD, which was slightly improved some months ago) just don't really work properly.I'm running a frankly underpowered 2 gb 960 running triple screens, and this game drops frames and has stuttering issues like nobodies business. Anytime there's any amount of alpha effects (Smoke, trees[Which are all 2d sprites], grass, dust) the game drops frames. I have to run the game at medium to low to try and maintain a somewhat stutter and tear free framerate, and anytime the car touches dirt it drops around 20 FPS. This game is not a looker by any means. I can run Dirt Rally (With MASSIVE amounts of alpha effects being huge plumes of dust [not AC's 6 visible ""Smoke"" sprites]) near max at ~80fps and PCars at medium high at 60, on triples. Hell, even The Witcher 3 gets better performance than this game.There's little to no customization of anything in this game. Every car gives the option to change tire pressure, alignment and a small amount of suspension. Anything further is a crapshoot and typically reserved for the teams more favorite cars. The car list isn't even that impressive, with numbers being bloated by a crap ton of Lotus's no one uses and ""performance"" packages. Once on the track... well you better like hotlapping around bland scenery because the AI are awful and online doesn't give you the freedom you want.With a lack of any real good official content, the game relies on mods, most of which are half baked and never completed. The ones that are any good get outdated quickly as Assetto Corsa moves on to different methods, meaning the mod owners have to either update all their mods or just drop them entirely (which many do.)On another point, the ""community"" for this game are some of the most toxic I've seen, if not the most. Anyone who has valid criticism or questions gets♥♥♥♥♥♥on and typically banned after being insulted from the devs. The official forums used to be a great place to find mods and work together, but the devs got rid of that because apparently it was just a place where people were inflating their ego? I think it's because the most prominent modders making quality content constantly♥♥♥♥♥♥on the dev's for being incompetent and made better mods.I got banned on the forum for saying that Forza looks better (Which it does) and saying one of the tire model revisions seemed to add a smidge of understeer. The community and ""Lord Kunos"" (The main dev) called me an idiot and a conspiracy theorist.You can't access the forums without linking it to your steam profile page, which means I can't even access the forums to see what's being worked on or other basic things. I paid $40 for a product I can't even read about because I ""insulted"" the devs."
,Recommended,244210,15800824,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Nalluxa [NTF],"Very good sim game at this price, it feels like a real deal. Many cars and tracks!"
76561198278163832,Not Recommended,244210,28162309,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Nomad_vRsim,"I wouldn't of believed it unless I experienced it...and I did. The AC forum, I was attacked and called names simply because I was critical or asked questions, and reported bugs that made the developers look bad?? They decided to attack using name calling tactics and the first thing that came to my mind was Bell from Pcars, attacking name calling and banning those who didn't speak positive or were critical of them. Fanboy favorites would then act like a pack of dogs, hunt for and surround their intended victim and attack!Which was fine, and really was holding my own until one of the actual ""staff"" members started in, started with insults, but when I responded back...with a rather fresh comeback...they banned me. So they attack call you inappropriate names but when you defend yourself they ""AC"" ban you...Sounds familiar!??I really hoped, though I heard from others about similar gross behaviors of banning for not being a fanboy but didn't want to beleive it. I report good when I see it...report bad or problems when I see it hear about them.So I am giving a thumbs down, this is their official support forum, and without it...makes it hard to report bugs or get ANY support if you're banned from that entire site!, unless of course you make another account with different ip etc 😎...which I could do but a pain in the butt....I guess what bothers me the most here is...these guys are supposed to be and act like ""Professionals"" and should be able to take a little critism/questions without being triggered, verbally attacking their customers..and not ban them when they respond in kind.For the record my response, there was no profanity, and I was merely in a defensive position with my reply that was clearly in tandem with the insults directed at me, I had responses like...don't like don't read...get out of mom's basement for some fresh air....stupid, and referred to them using their postion of power acting like bullies....as again this was after being attack and called names...buy a ""staff member"" no less.I am not saying my response was perfect but agian it was after being attacked. These individuals should be acting in a professional manner and have a higher level of standard applied...Instead of taking the opportunity to address me privately, that the AC staff were taking issues with of my comments or questions they publicly berated me...so I responded...for that, there was no warning, I was banned!This in my opinion, childish and controlling behavior of AC...they desperately want to control the narrative..and if it's negative then they will attack, provoke to you respond..then ban you as if giving them some sorta self accepting ok from their indecent acts.Maybe AC numbers are slipping...support or fan base is slipping because of all their problems taking on console and are feeling pressured because the console market is failing?? I dont know...but as a customer..The way AC staff handled this matter was totally inappropriate, publicly berating, rather than private co conversation and banning someone one when they defend themselves...to me is just bad business and shouldn't be the norm but the exception to the rule. I give them a thumbs down...a fail for the dictator, Stalin type of running of their forum.The actual game itself is ok...there are issues both PC and Console however not able to address them as I am banned 😀I would also add that with competition out their, no day night, or weather transition is unacceptable. Litterly no crash damage, and the DLC is crazy over priced imho (another reason why In was attacked as I said as much on their forum..was quickly giving comparison to ""Rocket League"" lmao by a Staff member...what a stupid comparison and shows you how far they were reaching for something intelligent to say...fail!) and the most unforgiving of all to come into the console market and have NO private servers for their console customers! I have this game now unfortunately on two platforms with no official support."
,Not Recommended,244210,14841749,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Alexander Snows,"I think Assetto Corsa has very realistic physics, good simulation, good graphics, but the game its a bit dull, its missing content. Its bad when you have to get mods to make the game enjoyable, and now I have to pay for the dlc to get a few more cars and Nurburgring. This game was a disappointment :("
,Not Recommended,244210,29224251,Posted: 13 January,all,javierluces,Do I like the game? Yes.Do I recommend it? No.Why?Its owner is an arrogant. Stefano Casillo should go from AC right now.https://pretendracecars.net/2017/01/10/another-year-another-stefano-meltdown/http://www.assettocorsa.net/forum/index.php?threads/the-steering-grip-front-tires-terible.41500/#post-819923I'll ask for a refund and return the game and all the DLCs because of his behaviour.
76561198052329030,Recommended,244210,12586043,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Doted,"great game, might want to invest in a wheel, but xbox controller is fine"
,Recommended,244210,30419439,Posted: 9 March,all,Neerg,Welcome to Initial D simulator
,Recommended,244210,10666775,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,[ST] damo667,Seems a very good game. No doubt will be a good title when everything is done.
,Recommended,244210,10857517,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Quala,"The best racing game I have ever played. I play this game with a keyboard and mouse yet it still beats all other racing games. My friend has a full racing set with the steering wheel, pedals, shifter all of it, so i tried it on there and I may have Came in my pants a little bit, thats how amazing it is. The graphics are great the physics and everything are great and the driving is the most realisic I have ever seen. If you have racing gear like my friend you should buy this game right away, but for those who dont like myself I want you to know it is still 100% worth buying."
,Recommended,244210,10879804,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,the_person,vroom vroom
76561198079789453,Recommended,244210,9373445,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,lengxd,"Much better than GT5, hoping more cars especially GT-R"
76561198017348674,Recommended,244210,9971244,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,tperger,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=teDhCCsuY9M&list=PLyWBUM4PyWG5TJhBTHBoZoetZ06VpU1erI hope I have the right URL.  This game is just great, Beautiful graphics, real physics and a slew of cars and tracks to choose from.  I found the menu system slightly convoluted and a bit tedious at times.  Setting up my wheel was simple enough to play but as a new sim-racer I've alot to learn.  My wheel is a DFGT and it's not in the best condition for some reason.  The video above shows a slight oops in the game map as I fall through the map at around 7 minutes and then proceed to earn a trophy for reaching 300kmh...as I'm falling through rmember.  At any rate I've alot to learn as a newb Sim racer and this game makes me want to learn more."
76561197999310957,Recommended,244210,11392119,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Kool7789,"A great simulation game. Since they are still developing, but this is a real driving simulator.Base on the rear drives cars, it needds you to have a technic to drive it.Buy and try it. You will Love it."
76561198043380288,Recommended,244210,23224960,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,dingo,very fast
76561198029288857,Recommended,244210,23206029,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Ghetto-Tuy,good game i like
76561198001676435,Recommended,244210,11102622,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,[SOCOMD] Freeo,"Great driving physics, great graphics, very nice sound, now with single and multi player modes, it is one of the best driving sim out there!! Love the realistic presentations of all the nice cars in there, and with a nice wheel and TrackIR5 or Oculus Rift, this is can be the most immensive driving sim a hardcore racing sim fan can own!!"
,Recommended,244210,19897899,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,-=EzCoy=- Dude,"It's a driving sim, and a damn good one. Not perfect by any stretch of the imagination, and even though Kunos want it to be playable with a controller if you want to get the most out of this you really need a wheel of some sort. There's a career mode, but only in the sense that there's a series of races you can progress through via a menu. Races you can set up manually at any time in a different menu, since the game gives you access to all cars from the start. So yeah, you can pretty much ignore the career mode.There are 3 DLCs, and at the very least you should get the 1st one as it comes with one of the best renditions ever of the famous nordschliefe. The other 2 DLCs are both arguably worth the money, as in each there are at least a few cars worth having.Mods are supported, and the possibilities are vast. As time goes on, more and more content will be created as there is already a decent modding scene for this sim. Kunos is still updating everything as well, particularly in preparation for console release. Also notable is how all of the real life tracks except for 1 are laser scanned for that extra bit of realism.The online racing is slightly spotty, but that's par for the course for everything outside of iRacing pretty much. The AI only recently got to the point where they're consistently good drivers, whch is still good practice before online racing with other actual people.Truth be told, right now this game is best at being a hotlapping simulator. The other elements are improving all the time, and if you truly want proper online racing your best bet is to join a league of some sort in order to get into their private servers with people who know racing etiquette. I still have fun on public nordschliefe tourist servers, where you see every sort of car.One of the best early access games, and one that has delivered a huge amount from a formerly tiny studio. All cars in the game have painstakingly taken real data (wherever possible) into account, and with some of them it's hard to find a more authentic simulator experience anywhere else. Those looking for a forza-like game on the PC, this isn't it. There's no upgrading of the cars, just setups. The driving is unforgiving, and if you've never played a racing sim before and you go into this game blind you're going to have a rough time.Know what you're buying, but I'd say the game is well worth it for any fan of sim racing."
,Recommended,244210,13570612,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Garrett,"Very good , and fast. yes"
,Recommended,244210,12191956,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,SyberWolf™,"probably one of the best simulation racing games, highly recommended !"
,Recommended,244210,12542956,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Brian Munching,"Absoloutly excellent, the best looking, performing, handling simulator out there, worth all of the money. I highly recommend this game to anyone who likes racing games."
,Recommended,244210,15764517,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Ed,10/10 works with amd cards.
76561197979468698,Recommended,244210,13760643,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Birchslap,Very good
,Recommended,244210,10635242,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Wutang Chen,Arcade must die.
,Recommended,244210,14803067,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,cAbrio,Is good
,Recommended,244210,14805061,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Briandtx1313,Best..Game..Ever
,Recommended,244210,16433186,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,TuPac Law,VVRROOM POW BVVRRRROOOM PUH PUH EEEEEKKKKK BVVVVRROOOM
76561197962067157,Recommended,244210,14836055,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Nellino78,Incredible game.. but.. very very HARD.. i recommend a lot of hours of practice (and calm..)..
,Recommended,244210,14845997,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Deaglebird,"Drives like Ferrari, feels like one too!11/10 omg italy pizza and dis best expot"
76561198050920723,Recommended,244210,14882567,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Smurf,"The driving feeling in Asseto Corsa is unmatched. The dedication and talent of those behind the project is obvious whether you sit behind the virtual steering wheel or browse the forums. And what is best, it is meant to be an evolving simulation, being improved continuously !"
76561198061385895,Recommended,244210,14943657,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,flight_sd1965,"I have to agree that the original package doesn't have too many cars which is probably why I put it on the shelf for quite awhile.  Today I saw the DLC and decided that it was time to give it another try if only to get Nordschleife.  The cars were a nice bonus IMO.  The track is well worth the price of the DLC.  I've been on iRacing since the beginning (5 years), own all the content and love it for it's realistic car models, driving characteristics and laser generated tracks.  As far as I'm concerned, Assetto Corsa did a fabulous job.  Keep it up guys, you're going in the right direction. Now lets see if iRacing can match Nordschleife and make it as interesting as Assetto Corsa did."
,Recommended,244210,15044979,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Endless Despondency,"Pros:-Great physics-Amazing car sounds-Graphics are beautiful-Force feedback is the best I have ever felt hands down, on par if not better than iRacing with my G25.-Endless amounts of car adjustments that can be made and actually make a difference to the handling of your car!-Fairly well optimized, running at 55+ FPS everything minimum besides (16x anisotropic filtering, no AA, Normal Mirrors, Low (Static) Reflections) on my 2GB HD7850 and i5 3470 at 5760x1080! Basically max settings at 60+ on a single 1080p monitor.Cons:-Good luck finding a public race that won't have some dumbass at turn 1 or even the freaking straight maintain their position and not smash into everyone causing a huge pileup!-Launcher is a little slugish and messy.-Not enough japenese imports ;) (For example would love to see the Supra, GTR R32, Honda NSX, AE86, etc etc.)-Career mode is kind of boring, but what can you expect, racing game careers usually are.Definitely a must for any sim racer, this game is f*****g awesome!"
,Recommended,244210,14978026,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Killzone,"Excellent game with a ton of content!""You win a race, the next race it's a question mark. Are you still the best or not? That's what is funny. But that's what is interesting. And that's what is challenging. You have to prove yourself every time"".-Michael Schumacher"
76561198150023035,Recommended,244210,14826467,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,BOT Willard,"I bought a Logitech g27 racing wheel and played with it on Gran Turismo, DiRT, GRiD, etc. for a while. It was nice, really nice.Then I bought Assetto Corsa, and I am thoroughly disappointed...in the odor absorbancy level of my chair. It reeks of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥because of how many times I ♥♥♥♥ed in my pants playing this game. I also♥♥♥♥♥♥myself the first time I hopped in the Lotus F1 car, and my chair failed to absorb that odor as well. Now I'm here in a chair that stinks of♥♥♥♥♥♥and♥♥♥♥♥and I couldn't be happier, 11/10."
76561198053901071,Recommended,244210,14844107,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Bloodbane,Assetto Corsa. Making Gran Turismo look arcade since 2013.
76561198117491470,Recommended,244210,14945600,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,truplaya,"The best driving simulator out there yet, especially the laserscaned Nordschleife is a blast, the physics are very close to the real world track. To get most out of the experience make sure you get a good quality wheel and pedal set, but first and foremost you need to get yourself a virtual reality HMD like the rift, because this game for me seems to be unplayable without one."
76561198047999277,Recommended,244210,15105051,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,rg230031,So glad my PS3 died and I found this game as a replacement for Gran Turismo. Makes that series look like a complete joke.
76561198066000502,Recommended,244210,15167886,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Big Gecko,"This definatly a must buy if you are a big fan of racing games. It has the potential to be one of the best racing games out there, you just need to give it some time. This is going to be the Next Gen rFactor. It still has a long way to go but when it gets there it will be the best racing game.The sound needs alot of work. The force feedback also needs some work. The AI is the main problem at the moment it is very slow and doesnt do anything, it doesn't overtake, it doesn't defend. Also this game is missing alot of features, for example a good weather system. It is missing a good penalty and flag system. It doensn't have race rules for any of the series. A racing engineer would be nice aswell.The strongest an most important part of Assetto Corsa is the modability. This game was inspired by the very popular and amazing rFactor. This means that to play this game to its full potential you will need to mod it. The modding community is starting to increase and the number of high quality mods is increasing. By the time this game gets to its 6th year there will be mods for everything and everyone. So as I sayed before just give it some time for it to improve."
76561198063558933,Recommended,244210,15169328,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,kaetherd,Buy it.
,Recommended,244210,15183632,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Laszlo,BUY. THIS. GAME.
,Recommended,244210,14897250,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Avi8,10/10 game
76561198000667855,Recommended,244210,7677282,"Posted: 16 November, 2013",all,Deranger,I recommend this.
,Recommended,244210,16463817,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,SplinterPixel,"works well with controller, plays well with mouse (except for the throttle limit thingy, that means i couldn't drift properly with mouse) not so well with keyboard. i might buy a steering wheel setup just so i could try it. In terms of optimization theres a bit of fps drop when playing with max (25) cars. you can change how you want the colors look from dim to vivid, good detail inside and outside of cars. 8.8/10"
76561197965374380,Recommended,244210,11397515,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,MeNotMe,"Yes yes yes yes yes...Nordschleife plus Zonda equals grin-factor*∞Coming from a lot of GTR, Race07 (with every possible pack and mod) there was a lot I had to get used to..BUT... Giving it a chance, spend a lot of time tweaking my ""feel"" I came out on something that feels way different from the Simbin titles that I used to play. Used to, because AC has become my goto race-sim and after spending more that 1000 hours in Race 07 that does say something! AC just feels way way better, different (you'll have to get used to it if you spend a lot of time in Simbin games) but better..The visuals are a lot nicer too.. (haven't really played R3E, so I don't really know about the visuals in that) I have to add though: Visuals especially look nicer if you have an awesome rig (which I don't) and up until a few patches ago I had a lot of trouble getting a halfway decent fps... since the latest few patches there was so much improvement.. I actually have an 80-110 fps on an i3 with a gt630 in a 1920x1080 Resolution.. (before the game used to run fine for a bit then drop to the 14-ish fps, that's fixed now)So now it's playable (fps wise) all the time the game starts to put a big BIG grin on my face.Nordschleife plus Zonda equals grin-factor*∞The mod-ding community is great and it's awesome that you can make your own mods. The best content in Rfactor 1 came from the community... so bring it on..Nordschleife plus Zonda equals grin-factor*∞There is already quite some tracks made by mod-ers out there.. not all ""as good"" but all reasonable and most, if not all, still being developed (so you can actually give input, and they're being fixed if a patch might break them)..And there are some absolute jewels.. One I'd like to mention by name.. Nordschleife 1.1 from Snoopy... OK one more then.... Joux Plane (by Kegetys?),  But there is more really good mods  out there and the game isn't even final yet.Nordschleife plus Zonda equals grin-factor*∞The physics are good both ffb-wise (they have a somewhat different approach from simbin titles or Rfactor, but give it a real chance, you'll see that it actually feels more like driving a car) as world physics-wise ie. how a car reacts to driving over a curb/bump.. This is the first sim that actually made me scout tracks for bumps etc.. because hitting a bump wrong is a problem, your car gets instable and the next corner might not go as anticipated, because there is still an unbalance in the car.The suspension is worked out in a lot of detail. A lot of things have been done with a refreshing new approach..Nordschleife plus Zonda equals grin-factor*∞Also there is a lot of talk about the feeling of speed in the game being off.. Its actually spot on (It's most probably the first sim-race-game that does not exaggerate the sense of speed.. (also FOV settings are important))... (run the back-straight (yeah the curvy one) on the NS with close to 300 kph in a Zonda and you'll know what I mean, you feel you are going fast because you are.. 160 kph doesn't feel that fast IRL (sorta depends on where you do it, granted.... and maybe ""in what"" even more so.. but you know what I mean)It's the circumstances that make it feel fast and AC does exactly that. If you're driving 160 or even 200 on the German Autobahn while it's otherwise empty, it doesn't feel fast at all. The excitement in racing isn't in the excessive sense of speed.. but in going head to head and being faster then someone else within the confines of the same set of rules (physics). That is what it feels like on a track IRL and also in AC. The excitement lies in either driving on your own limits, and trying to improve on yourself, trying to scrape another 10th of a second of your time, hoping not to screw up that 3rd corner before the finish, and throwing away the progress you made on the rest of the track..  or in going head to head with someone or multiple ppl, having to move out of your comfortable line and overtake other ppl safely, just to find out on this particular corner the camber is bad and you're going to run out off grip a little sooner then you expected. Those are the real thrills of racing, not the speed. IRL you don't notice the speed after a few good laps. You know how fast you're going (Awareness) but it doesn't feel fast (Perception).. Also the fastest laps, the ones in which everything goes ""right"", usually don't ""feel"" fast at all.Nordschleife plus Zonda equals grin-factor*∞Dev's do understand the meaning of the words challenge and achievement...... A challenge is really a challenge so an achievement actually feels like an achievement, which is refreshing in racegames (Never been so happy finally getting Silver.. and yeah I know there is still gold... maybe in a lot of time with a lot of practice who knows LOL)I don't always get a gold medal.. but when I do I'm gonna be sooooo happyDev's listen to the community...There is still a lot of noticeable development/improvement still going on. It IS still an early access game. BUT In a lot of ways it already feels completely mature.. there some things that are not finished yet.. but they don't stand in the way of enjoying the game as is...  AI for instance is still being improved, that doesn't mean they are not fun to ride with right now, just that they are made even better still.The way the shifter works is great.. you can by miss-coordination actually miss a gear which will slot back in at the right rpm. The engine stall on the other hand is not working as expected yet.. namely it doesn't.. even with auto-clutch off. but that doesn't matter once you're away anyway.. I suppose they didn't think that was important right now, but I do hope they integrate that later.Cars actually feel different from each-other.. more then in most racegames, power-steering actually feels like power-steering (light with less feedback, you still feels what the car is doing but it's watered down somewhat.. like.. eh .. power-steering)The more this game develops the bigger my grin gets..Nordschleife plus Zonda equals grin-factor*∞Also Japanese mountainroads (Akagi Mountain pass) and BMW E90 Drift is a seriously big grin-factorBut seriously it's a good game, and it only gets better (I hope, but they're on the right track IMO)"
,Recommended,244210,12069849,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,ｓｕｂａｒａｓｈｉｉ,Buy it. Nuff said.
76561198042175122,Recommended,244210,11592166,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,KCferrari,"Remarkably polished even at early access. It's lacking a bit when it comes to content, but what exists is very good, and the modding community is growing as well. This game has some of the best physics of any racing sim in my opinion, and I would definitely recommend it to any sim racer."
76561198118801735,Recommended,244210,10369620,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Psychotic Oz,"yes everything in this game is almost perfect and the only thing that is lacking is content like cars, tracks, etc.Even the drifing is awesome but be warned if you're going to put stability control off you're going to need lots and lots of practice for its extreemly real and hard."
76561197986245909,Recommended,244210,10629596,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Troublesome,Great game with realistic physics. Highly recommended.
76561198100451425,Recommended,244210,11084246,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,obso13te,"Throw your hair back & make grandpa toot his horn, great simulator! Getcha pull!"
76561198085444900,Recommended,244210,11597533,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,GucciDaniel,Great racing game.
,Recommended,244210,11607337,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Aleas,"Decent graphics, excellent physics and a heck of a lot cheaper than iRacing.  The mod commumity seems strong in this one."
,Recommended,244210,11615315,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,"i 6, 我味不好I","The tracks are laser scanned, the feeling is very close to real life. I played project cars but the feels is not there. However, I do thing Pcars has a better career mode than this, but personally I don't really care, I get so much enjoyment just driving alone on a track. The communication from the development team is also gr8! 8/8 m8! Can't wait for more DLCs"
76561197974178322,Recommended,244210,11918613,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Bazza,"After 18 hours of gametime I can well and trully say I AM IMPRESSED!My first impressions (first couple of hours) were however, different!Been simming for a fair while.GTR2,GTREVO,RFACTOR,RACE07,RFACTOR2,NKP and a little time recently in iracing (i think my year sub will go to waste now  i got this)Instant impression the word ""simcade"" sprang to mind, reason being is it was pretty easy for somebody like me to jump in and drive pretty fast, id say 8/10ths, but pushing past that (much like irl..) it looses all its cadeyness (for lake of a better word) and stands ouit as the best of all the current offering IMHO.All other current sims (and most past ones) seem to suffer from a dilloema, they are really good until you push the envelope,once you start missing breaking markers and doing things you CAN do IRL, they fall flat, especially low speed handling and slide control.AC is freaking fantastic! No its not noobforspeed, but you can control slides better and more realistically than any other sim ive ever driven!FFB is amazing! Nothing else can touch it in terms of knowing what both ends of the car are doing through the wheel.I havent smiled so much playng anything for such a long time.Results MAY vary, I run a fantec wheel and i have been told they are the best supported wheels, partership with fanatec or something? So maybe if you use a logitec,thrustmaster or somethign else you may not get the same results.Maybe one day ill dig out my trusty old g25 baack-up wheel and see what its like, right now im having far too much fun for that!Its still ind evelopment so its not perfect, it lacks some features , liek extremely well organized leagues and rules ala iracing, but I feel that is somethign that will come, they already have a penalty system that slows you down if you drop too many wheels of (stopping cutting etc) and i8m pretty sure if you spin as well, so its ahead of everythign else bar iracin g on thaqt front IMHO.Destroys iracing in the fact that its a ONE TIME PURCHASE and allows modding, YEAAAAAAAAAAAAAA HAH!Looks and runs very nice for me 1080p single screen with a dated gtx570oc,i7@4ghz and 32gb quad channel ddr3 1866.Im sure things like dynamic track surface and weather are on the cards for the future.11/10 from me."
,Recommended,244210,11940444,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,XxequinixX,good game
,Recommended,244210,12317291,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Zombient,"Pretty badass racing game, can't wait for there to be more cars!"
,Recommended,244210,12328310,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,randomcallsign,"Buyers beware that this is a beta. A good one at that, but some core aspects of it are missing.Multiplayer is beyond broken at the moment, if you are playing in a public lobby. Various other bugs also infest it.Sim-wise, it is a great experience. Awesome FF, excellent physics and mod support (your mileage may vary).If you get it in a sale, go for it."
76561197966543763,Recommended,244210,13410285,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,fRodos_,"Assetto Corsa is a great racing sim ! I haven't played any other racing simulation games, but I might not even need to ! I've played Dirt 3 and the Grid series, but the moment I bought my G27 wheel I felt the need for more ! And Assetto Corsa was there to give it to me that !The customization of cars is great, and it gives an overall realistic feel ! The tracks are laser scanned, the cars are extremely detailed (tho it's not that easy to drive them all), and the driving experience is one I've never dreamed of getting out of a game ! Tho it's still early access and is lacking of variety of cars and tracks, it makes you forget it, once you start playing.Career is pretty good (as by now, I've heard it wasn't before), it's a good challenge, and multiplayer is great, when your race is not ruined by someone intentionally !"
76561198011395128,Recommended,244210,13421115,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Alex Townsend,"First review for a game on Steam and thought what better than to review Assetto Corsa.I'm reviewing this game for a few reasons.1.) I think it's amazing and I've really enjoyed being part of this early access journey.2.) I need to explain to people what is good, what is or was bad and why it's worth your hard earned dosh3.) Just to share my feelings on this sim.First off, this sim has amazing graphics. When it first came out I was amazed but as they've added extra bells and whistles I've had to turn some features down a bit. I'm running a pretty modest machine with an i7 3770k (un-clocked), with 8GB Ram and a Palit GTX780 card so thought it would stand up against some pretty special titles but alas, I feel the need of a second card coming to truly max this title.The feeling of the cars is amazing too. I remember before they had AI, before they had multiplayer, that you just had the car and an empty track and it was, FUN! Not had that in a racing title for a while. Although I also own rFactor 2 and that is from a similar ilk.Secondly, this is a WIP, (work in progress). I cannot stress this enough as some of the reviews or comments I've read about this sim seem to think that it's the finished article. People are so impatient these days and want everything yesterday. What's wrong with jumping on board a project, (for a reduced title fee), and getting involved with helping shape the title into what you really want.The team have already provided an amazing experience and I believe it will get better.The have added multiple cars, tracks and opened the doors to modding as we've seen on previous titles such as rFactor.Lastly, just in a nutshell, it's a great title and one that I believe I will be playing for years to come. It's worth every penny if you love racing games and honing your skills on a track day after day.The varied tracks and car combinations are more than enough and are all faithfully reproduced into a proper next gen racing sim package. Everything sounds and looks amazing and to top it all off, it handles like a proper sim too.Beauty and Brains, this is the racing sim that all others will be compared to.This is a racing sim by racing sim fans and is currently being developed with racing sim fans taking part in the beta. It's not over yet."
76561198048352844,Recommended,244210,15111942,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Stellar_Duke,"what is there to say about this game? you will enjoy it you will hate it, i played this game since it was in alpha, im still no good at it. i would recomend you get the steering wheel for your computer to play this game to its fullest, have a good graphic card, it used all of mine and still needs more graphics power to run smoothly, then again it is running better now then when i first bought it last year or longer. Of course i would recomend this to my friends but thats because we like all types of games and this is so far the best racing/ driving simulator on PC, the drifting is a bit difficult and you cant do burnouts with out a break pettle, gas pettle and a clutch, but if you have all of that, it is worth every penny."
,Recommended,244210,16448651,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Aphelion79,"If you have a force feedback steering wheel... GET THIS GAME. /nuff said! (Also, it the sounds are f&#king amazing.)10/10 would break my desk again"
76561198126730814,Recommended,244210,11561042,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,RottenVagilla,Epic!
,Recommended,244210,12368998,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Zesty Mordant Soul,"Full release, October 13 2015 update review.This game is amazing, and the reason you've probably never heard of it is the devs are too busy spending money on developing the game, and their time on developing the game for them to run any ads.Seriouly if you are into racing games, or realistic racing sims you may be getting exicted by now if you've never heard of it...its okay, you should be. Even if you aren't into either but still like the classics like Need for Speed for the thrill of just driving a race car around for a change of pace; consider, look into, tell some friends or buy this game.The dedication the devs give to this title compared to other greenlight projects COUGH COUGH PROJECT RIP OFF CARS COUGH COUGH sorry that was a bad one, should be commended if nothing else for the history of video gaming to understand and know.Great graphics, great sound, LASER SCANNED TRACKS, real world gravity, weights etc you get the gist.That is all, and remember kids don't buy into reviews that use numbers, don't trust whitey and always bring another pair of socks!MrSoul"
,Recommended,244210,23176812,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,FloppyCat,"Great racing sim, steering wheelnotrequired at all. Controller is usable."
,Recommended,244210,23392704,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Cero Miedo,"So i have owned this game since early access and felt that maybe its time for a review...In many ways racing games reflect their studio's location, Tursimo has always been very Japanese oriented, Forza is quite American oriented and things like ToCa/GRiD, Project Cars, Race 07 all have a very European style to them.Asseto Corsa is no different, it makes no secret of being Italian and from the cars to the tracks to its overall identity. It draws from it in all the best ways. Thankfully Italy has no shortage of both great cars and great tracks. From the Abarth 500 to the best from Ferrari, the cars are both diverse and perfectly represented in incredable detail. The tracks as well show the diversity of the country's selection as F1 locals like Monza and Imola are the marquee tracks, the lesser known tracks like Magione and Vallelunga, with even a delightful fantasy track through the desert mountians.Of course all of that is irrelevent if the game cant do it once you get out on the track and get driving. This is the area where AC really proves its chops to go against all the aformentioned racing genre classics. The assists make the game accessable but as you improve and start peeling them away to a more simulation experience is when the game comes alive and you feel like less of a passenger and more like a master pilot blasting through the forests of Monza or the Nurburgring.In all the time i have been playing this game the only thing i have ever had to complain about is among the most minor of issues, there is no pause button mapped to the controller by default and no way to assign it. That said, once i get racing, i honestly dont want to stop anyways, so i guess it doesnt matter much in the end."
,Recommended,244210,30198307,Posted: 26 February,all,KappaKeepo,Very good game for drifting
,Recommended,244210,11399670,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Spiljuice,Best sim racing game on pc. It's a must have if you like racing games similar to Forza or Gran Turismo.
,Recommended,244210,11413067,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Z3R0,Great Simulation! Must play with racing wheel!!
,Recommended,244210,11449735,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,church,"This is the first racing game/driving simulator/whatsoever that really put a smile on my face. Messed up my round a bit but got the next corner perfectly, the car was just doing all the work and I could feel every single variation in all four wheels plus it all made sense. Now, I can't say if this IS realistic because I haven't driven a McLaren MP4-12C in real life like that yet, but I wish it is in case I get to do that. That's how good this game is (in short).Now to the negative points: `.) why is it so hard to get the car back under control even if it already has slowed down to 15 mph?.) No lamborghinis! :(That's about it... oh, wait: No shortcut controls for the replay function, either that or an export function would be nice."
,Recommended,244210,11470239,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,OscarLM_22,Very fun game. Graphics and settings take a while to setup just right but physics are on par with many other sims if not better. Nice selection of cars for Alpha stage and great fun for hotlapping and turning laps in difficult cars.
,Recommended,244210,11704512,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,CG,"Very nice game, obviously still in development and still has a lot of work to be completed! Will be interesting to see how it performs against ProjectCARS."
,Recommended,244210,11913909,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,kOws,Sim racing really needed this.
76561198052892009,Recommended,244210,11924204,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,JimPrower,"This. Is. The best PC driving game on Steam as of the writing of this review. With some of the best looking cars and circuits, the very best physics, and a very talented modding community producing an ever-growing library of add-on vehicles, tracks, and apps, this is already worthy of its full-price despite being an early-access game. If the 'early access' tag frightens you, don't let it. Imagine Microsoft Flight Simulator was about cars and was in HD. That's what this is.If there's any downside, it's that it's not quite fully optimized and can be resource-intensive, especially with some of the more detailed mod vehicles out there. Then again, so were the Flight Simulator games - and MS expected computer technology to catch up with them!"
76561198000201724,Recommended,244210,11953215,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,SPolykronopolis,"I've had a wheel on my computer since NASCAR 1, 20yrs. ago (?), up to now.  Assetto Corsa is the best I've played to this point in time."
,Recommended,244210,11957835,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Nawnee,it is super good :)
76561198070411697,Recommended,244210,12104177,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Anal Assassin,"I like this game. The graphics are good, the sounds are great even the physics are suprisingly good. Except for the fact that the cars usually don't turn at moderate speeds, you'll have to slow down significantly to turn, but then again, it's a simulation game. Overall in my opinion, I think I will game this game 7/10. The only problem I have is with the multiplayer, not a lot of players are online. And the servers with the most players usually require track/car mods to be able to play on which is pretty dumb. We need campaign mode and TONS of cars. The new Mercedes SLS was stupid. Good from the inside, from the oustide, looks cartoon-ish."
76561197963535479,Recommended,244210,12152223,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Metronome,Great experience.
,Recommended,244210,12179125,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Kellmer123,"If you want a serious racing simulator, look no further. this game is fantastic"
76561198046381252,Recommended,244210,12297174,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,ozburns55,"Still under construction, but an absolute must have for sim fans. Great driving model, lots of cars and tracks, multiplayer and a growing mod community. Try the Lotus 98T...mama mia!"
,Recommended,244210,12359706,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,The Very Sexy Caterpillar,"I have a friend with whom I raced in an F1 2013 League some time ago. When somebody suggested Assetto Corsa to the league, he refused to consider it, and backed up this point by copying a whole page of bugfixes from the most recent update.More fool him.Kunos have done a utterly fantastic job on this game at the time of writing - that is, towards the end of the Alpha Phase. Not only that, but they've involved the community in their decisions, looked for feedback from those who play - In fact, I'd go so far as to say you should buy the game simply to help support the developer. But then you'd be missing out on the point; you'd be buying one of the best PC Racing Simulators out there today.-OverallThis is an Early Access Review, but in saying that, the game is close to flawless. The graphics are stunning. Each car is modelled perfectly. The tracks are all laser scanned. The feel of each car is individual. The force feedback for those with wheels, is immersive. In game sounds are gorgeous. The AI are being constantly improved, and they already far outstrip those in any of the other racing games I play. Possibly the largest asset, though, is the large and very active community, who are a source of advice, feedback, and, of course, an inexhausible supply of mods, which really make the content feel more complete.Overall, it's a wonderful Sim. There is not a car that's not easy to drive, within your limits - but when you begin to push, when you begin to look for the tenths through every corner, when you place the car on the ragged edge, brushing the barriers, feeling the back start to come loose, you will make mistakes. Of course. But that just makes success more intoxicating.-ContentProbably the major con when considering the game. Though each car is beautifully crafted and offers limitless opportunity for driving, there are only a small selection in the base game. There are also only a small number of different tracks, and sadly, a lot of the classics are missing at the moment. Kunos is a small developer, of course, so this is inevitable, but it means that Project Cars is a better choice for variety (Or buying a PS4 and GT5). That said, if you don't mind doing some modding, then there are an ever increasing selection of quality cars on Assetto's forums, or on RaceDepartment. There are few times I enjoy myself as much as when taking my DAMS GP2 car around the Monaco Street Circuit, and at those points everything except the apps are modded.In short, a lack of variety, but this is remedied by the mods. Plenty of content there for anybody.-RealismThis is an important factor for a Simulator, and boy, Assetto does it well. Everything is totally customisable. EVERYTHING. The setup options are fantastically complex, with handy tooltips for those of us without a PhD in Mechanical Engineering, and the wonderful thing is that changing every variable will make the car feel, and handle slightly differently. The game measures time increments of 1/250 seconds, so you can see those changes on the clock to, and it's very satisying to gain a tenth on the straight by increasing the tyre pressure slightly and getting an improved Vmax as a result.You can customise the grip levels on track - there are a number of preset options in terms of the amount of rubber laid down at the beginning of the session, and the grip will increase as you lap the track, with a racing line corresponding to the average line taken becoming visible as the session progresses.You can really feel the car changing through the session - it takes a significant amount of time for tyres and brakes to get up to operating temperatures on the faster cars, but there's a massive improvement when you do - and tyre wear is realistically handled, and something that you really don't want to be on the recieving end of.There's more as well, I promise, but I do need to move onto other sections of the review :')-SingleplayerThere are a number of different options to spend time on, each of which is devoted to a different discipline.The practice mode is for getting to know a track, or a car, and just putting in some laps, helping tune setups, changing wheel settings, or just generally screwing around.The Drift mode does what it says on the tin. You drift. Not much more to it than that. Extra points for combining drifts, and drifting for longer, or harder. Fun, but a novelty.The Race mode allows you to pit any cars against each other, and it offers you a lot of flexibilty in terms of the race weekend - qualifying? Practice? Session lengths? You choose.The Hotlap mode is for when you're really getting serious. Boost that ambient temperature, boost the track grip, take a nice fast car, and set a faster time than your friends.Lots of modes for lots of variety, lots of things to do, but in the end you're more likely to end up playing Multiplayer.-MultiplayerIt's a mixed bag, this. The multiplayer itself is excellent. You can choose any selection of cars, and any track (Including modded ones, which is really nice), and go out. The connections are reliable, the lag is minimal, and if you have friends you enjoy racing with, who are of a similar speed, then it can get fantastically competetive. You can apply the same level of customisation to this as you can to single player - all of the variables are controlled by the server host, but the key is that they're all controllable.That all said, actually setting up a dedicated server is tricky. There are a lot of processes that you need to run through, including port forwarding, and then running the server is heavy on bandwidth and also PC resources.That aside, it's wonderful fun, and when leagues start to run, then I'm sure a whole new aspect will really kick off. (Speaking of leagues, sign up here if you're interested:wtwr.enjin.com)-ConclusionThere's not really a whole lot more to say. I know Kunos have got some more stuff coming - not because I'm an insider, because they're open and forthcoming, with Forums and Social Media that are in regular use. I know that the first non-alpha release will be coming soon. I know also that it's expensive - indeed, I waited until it was 50% off before buying it. If I went back now, though, given what I know, I'd gladly pay full price for it. It's brilliant. Utterly brilliant. And if you don't have it, you're missing out."
76561197977284557,Recommended,244210,12360653,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Don*SToffel+,"early access bugs, but many tracks and cars in future"
,Recommended,244210,12377393,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Hazmatt,"This game is probably the most realistic sports car simulator on Steam. The game's performance has also increased a lot since it first went up for early access, so it runs more smoothly now than it did then, which is a dramatic increase."
76561198030090146,Recommended,244210,12706228,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,ncoredump,"great game, nice driving experience, would highly recommend, couple of areas i think it could do with improvment, the tire sim needs some work i was doing dougnuts and heated the tires up to 700C hot enough to melt metal let alone rubber that cant be right. should they burst or something, the control pad i am using is either to sensitive and slightly over steers and the wheel in the car looks all eratic and when its less sensitive and the graphics do match the movement the understeer is unbareable the whole control pad area needs work as it assumes wheel/custom when there should be one for non xbox Control pads as well ""Generic/FFB Pad"" .. the currect ""wheel/custom"" only detects accelleration on a axis as its expecting pedals I guess rather then game pad buttons, the car damage could be a bit better too. when you crash it looks like some ones been pounding on your car with a small hammer and sanding it with 240 grit and it does not look briliant all these things are no big thing and Assetto is still one of the best car sims yet, I hope they deal with the issues i mention and add more car tuning related stuff for the game"
,Recommended,244210,13353940,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Chugaboo47,this game is amazing if someone is looking for a simulator racing game and the experience is even better with a wheel.
76561197990518555,Recommended,244210,13977327,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,arthgonc,For anyone who likes a good race sim!
76561198001784048,Recommended,244210,14739757,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Mupp1t,"One of the best sim racing game I ever played, truly a racing experience for me. Absolutely love the engine sound of every car in the game. I always have fun reving the engine up :) Great physics graphics, enviroment, interior car model physic is awesome."
,Recommended,244210,21285701,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,bruno_mri,"True racing simulatorFinally a game that focuses on realism and delivers a very lifelike feeling of driving a car. Very good graphics and sound, the driving is very physics-focused and is a perfect match to play with a steering wheel. The laser scanned tracks and cars look very real. Each car has its own driving capabilities, like grip, understeer and oversteer. Also it's a demanding game, the learning curve is steep, and there are many car settings to try out. My complains are about the few cars and tracks avaiable, and the fact that most cars can't use slick tires. Aside that, the game is near perfect!"
,Recommended,244210,21415509,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,nikthegreek8,first things first i hope your grapics card is up to date this game is good well very good ive looked at about 1% of this game and cant switch my pc off its that good but if you dont have a wheel get one i opens up so much more of the game...
,Recommended,244210,21297736,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Goat Kingdom,"The best racing simulator in my opinion.Pros / +___________+Very realistic feeling feedback+Fun hours on end.+Highly moddable (mods are pretty much a backbone for this game)+Graphics are definitely up to date with some of the latest titles.+Highly adjustable FFB (Force Feed Back) for each wheel.+Keyboard, Mouse and Gamepad support is really good compared to other racing sims.___NOTE: To get the most out of this game you need a racing wheel with Force Feedback; G27, G29, Fanatec, Thrustmaster etc.___Cons / -_____________-Base content is a little lightweight (Dreampacks Make A Huge difference)-Sometimes crashes with many mods installed while browsing through the menu's.Other than that the game is %110 worth every cent! As I said, a wheel with FFB is almost a must to have as much fun as me."
76561198078113078,Recommended,244210,21760842,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,czerstwyjurek,This is definitely a game i would recommend. Driving physics are excellent. It is so much fun to drive supercars on nordschleife.
,Recommended,244210,21162240,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,pawner_87,"Reading many reviews complaining about the lack of cars or the worse career mode, I was motivated to write my point of view and because I really like the game. ;-)Assetto Corsa is a racing game or better a racing simulation. In nearly all its aspects which define a very good racing simulation its superb. If you expect this from a racing game you will possibly not disappointed from Assetto Corsa.Racing Game aspects:•	Very good physics and car handling•	Great sounds for me•	Detailed car graphics, wonderful cockpits with operating gauges for fuel, temperatures and so on•	Good amount of cars, even more with the moderately priced DLCs in sale and the often good mods for free. Nice aspect there are S1, S3 and Drift versions which change some cars, making them lighter, more powerful or better to drift.•	Extensive setup optionsWhere it has its downsides are what defines a good game with a motivation above “only racing and setuping a car”.•	Don’t expect a motivating career. There are many career events starting with slower cars like Abarth 500, BMW 1 M, faster ones (Ferrari 458, Mercedes SLS) and many GT3 events, but you can’t spend money on new cars. It’s simply racing and getting in touch with all the cars and tracks.•	The AI is sometimes annoying. To be correct, they drive fast, on higher difficulties they are really challenging, but they are rude. They often crash into your car, because they stupidly drive on their racing line. If they hit your car, mainly you crash, not them. Only tipp is: Stay away from them and only overtake them, if there is enough space.•	No tuning (except the S1, S3, Drift versions, read above), buying of new parts or decals. There’s only the big variety of modifying the setups which has great impact on the handling of your car.•	The nice graphics are mainly focused on the car and the track (tarmac). It really ends on the kerbs.The gravel pit, the grass or the trees are outdated, but ok, you are focused on the track anyhow. ;-)•	There is no weather system included. No rain, only a wide range from foggy to sunny. This point is even for simulation fans frustrating, but Kunos has promised they are working on it and will implement it with a new update.So my conclusion is:Every racing simulation fan should really have a closer look on it. If you expect a detailed career mode race game or even a Need for Speed clone, don’t buy it.Edit:Still waititing for some changes."
76561198075028603,Recommended,244210,21299793,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Desmonds22,"I love this game.Fantastic graphics, the force feedback feels very natural, tasty cars, there's also a great modding community that seems to come up with cars and tracks even better than the developers at times and the way the cars themselves handle feel so 'right'. Its hard to say why that is the case but after playing GPL, rFactor2, LFS, PCars and iRacing, Assetto is the one that feels most 'right' to me in how the cars drive.If you're into racing sims, this game is a must have*ok ok gushing review over*"
,Recommended,244210,21403778,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,TC93,"Just a really great game... Great detailed graphics, (circuits are amazing and the cars are great!)It is defintely a Sim but I find I can pick it up and play it and have a lot of fun without worrying like you do in iRacing!The VR is the best i have ever tried. Feels like your actually driving these classic and modern day cars!Some great Mods too!Recommend.."
,Recommended,244210,21283629,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Casper,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C4OCL66hOPM10/10 with mods
,Recommended,244210,11666007,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Conjure Phantasm,"I have never played a racing sim with force feedback this good, especially with the lutgenerator steering linearity mod that actually tests how much your wheel moves with a given amount of force.So many community made cars and tracks available if you know where to look. Beware of bad drift car mods though.My game takes up 10x more space now."
76561197967486799,Recommended,244210,14777711,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,MSH4K3,"This game is a great hot laping simulator. Until the frustrating AI is finished, and Flag rules, the game is still not a great simulator. With all the high quality mod's being produced if it's on sale, Buy it!"
76561198030626988,Recommended,244210,19762485,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Jake Fangio,"It's great times to be a sim racer.Ac has great physics and looks fantastic.I own most of the other sims such as GSCE and Rfactor 2 and they all handle differantly.Iv'e never driven a Lotus 49 or an AMG GT3 in real life,so cannot tell you which sims have the most accurate physics.I know I just love sim racing,and AC and the other sims I own satisfy my needs."
76561198110548340,Recommended,244210,31870728,Posted: 20 May,all,ummm,dope
,Recommended,244210,23133140,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,C4EFFECT,After playing this game..My fave forza 6 Feels lifeless..Sad times..
76561198022391451,Recommended,244210,23240848,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,sklip,Before japanese pack was vroooooooooooooomNow is : Braaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaap   !!!
76561198073337801,Recommended,244210,14742258,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,freakyfreak7,It is a great game. I mainly drift in it. You can use mouse or keyboard but I recomend a wheel.
,Recommended,244210,23953484,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Bever,Buy a racing wheel: The Game!
76561198014904510,Recommended,244210,24045283,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Chocolate Cuck,"9/10. If they had a better career mode I'd give it 10/10. Fantastic game regardless though, bargain for the price it is!"
76561198042200659,Recommended,244210,10389551,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,debets99,"If you have a wheel and want to feel what it is to drive a race car, it's for u."
,Recommended,244210,12295481,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,:UKR:T0by0ne,"Best Racing Sim ive played so far 10/10Pros:GraphicsPhysicsSoundsAICar SetupsTrack SetupsModsCons:Lack of content on base game ( although this is fixed with mods ""Thousands"" and the new curent DLC )"
76561198018166928,Recommended,244210,12504670,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,tom.cuipers,"I've been playing racing games (preferably simultors) for exactly 18 years now. And honestly,for me this already (given it's stage of development) IS the best racing game I've ever seen! The game mechanics, the visuals, the sounds, the details and so many possibilities for those who like to go deep regarding car settings ... it's all there!Sure there's been several good racing games, but every single time I kept wishing for more realistic sounds, more realistic handling, more car classes, and especially more realistic cockpit view eyeheights for realistic immersion.Assetto Corsa truly is the first game / simulator that already offers me at this stage a very satisfying feeling as a hardcore fan. This simply is the one I've been waiting for (for a long time).Tip: in the 1.0 rc version, try a race at spa during sunset in the newly added 458gt2 ... the immersion will blow your mind!A BIG THANK YOU to the Kunos Simulazioni team for making this happen!"
76561198106626546,Recommended,244210,18618688,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Hank Hill,"Good driving experience with lively FFB and physics to match, but the AI and career mode leave much to be desired. Anyone who enjoys sim racing while likely enjoy this title but there are more complete racing games out on pc."
76561198080865411,Not Recommended,244210,16741128,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Kevlar,"- carrier is joke and its  is pretty much pointless / but hey u can mod'it.- A.I its another joke / yes sometimes they leave you space on the road... just to ram u on next corner  xD-game crushing sometimes <for no resonable reason>-not much content / ofc u can buy DLC or mod'it.-no ingame setup for DFGT <yes im not so pro im driving without clutch>-/+ graphics   +running nice on older PCs / ingame presets changing colors,saturation etc.-yes u can mod'it2- not as nice as pCars+  multiplayer track days and events  ( -kinda unclear menu what 2 at begining)+ good game for Hot Laps fun"
,Recommended,244210,26285883,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,KEN,best sim in 2016
,Recommended,244210,32725693,Posted: 24 June,all,Rikval,Very worth it. Much mods and really good physics. dont doubt the buy just do it please xD
76561198067298247,Recommended,244210,12071796,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Travi$,gumbo chops
,Recommended,244210,32750409,Posted: 24 June,all,Quincyyy,A very fun simulator
,Not Recommended,244210,16498298,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Leafblighter,+ Good simulator+ OK graphics+ Good looking menu (albeit a bit slow)- Bad AI- Bad controller support- Bad multiplayerGonna try the new refund function
,Recommended,244210,16461601,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,FETTY WAP,"Assetto Corsa has to be the best racing simulator out there, besides iRacing and rFactorPros- Installing mods is as easy as drag and drop- Gameplay is amazingCons- Penalty system is rubbish (still need to add flags)- Campaign is also bad compared to Project Cars campaign which is amazingOverally this game is far from complete and i rate it a 8.5/10"
76561198042434950,Recommended,244210,12542639,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,paulyster,"Great realism, and the number of cars is constantly being updated which is VERY NICE. I am sort of dissapointed in the UI not being able to be completely controller based, but at the same time, it makes up for it in gameplay. Wonderful simulation."
,Recommended,244210,15715631,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,dARíUS,very fun!!
76561197995778474,Recommended,244210,8613110,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,rocky_road77,This sim has been a long time coming but has been woth the wait even in the current beta stage. Iracing is still the daddy of racing sims but Assetto Corsa is the new kid on the block and has already matched it on graphics and physics. Now they need to get the sim completed and add multiplayer and some more content. Then IRacing and Dave Kaemer will need to start looking over their shoulders at this puppy because they will soon be a major player in the sim world judging by this.
,Recommended,244210,8614052,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Tommitron,"Assetto Corsa is a perfect example of how far technology has come recently. I may be using a low end wheel (Logitech Driving Force Pro) although this game still makes it feel like real life! Currently as I am typing this, AI is not available for the game, although it is currently being worked on. Although even with an opponent to race against, it is surprisingly fun and makes you want to keep on playing."
,Recommended,244210,19293690,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Arligan,"This is the best complete package simulation game you can get on Steam. It has great physics, great graphics, great sound. lots of cars and tracks. Ok AI and Online. Developers are awesome. Mods are awesome. If you're getting into sim games, or if you are a simracer, you should have this game in your library."
76561197999719556,Recommended,244210,12542662,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,HAL 9000,let me put it simple and straight:assetto corsa IS the most realistic driving simulator i ever played !!!i love it !!!
76561198062242400,Recommended,244210,33320606,Posted: 6 July,all,Aerolin,"WOW!!!! Just WOW!!Purchased this in preparation for my force feedback wheel & pedals arriving tomorrow. Couldnt resist giving it a quick go with mouse and keyboard. Definitely impossible to play on ""pro"" driving setting with mouse and key board but had a lot of fun in gamer mode  on the time trials.Graphics are not the best out there but still very respectable, 8/10. Getting a benchmark average of 172fps on max settings with 4k res.Only downside so far is if you run a 4k set up you may want to dip down to 1080p as the menus can be illegible. Would be good if game devs could add scaling to the UI menus. Once on track though it looks perfect in 4k, only the menus to get to the track require a magnifying glass.Blown me away so far and I've not even properly played it. Will update once I've played with a wheel."
,Recommended,244210,12500553,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,KuusjGaming,"By far best racing game i've played.It still being in early acces doesn't mean it's totally broken like e.g. DayZ Standalone.O, god no, this game is very playable with steering wheel support and awesome FFB effect's on my G27 racing wheel.My favorite car a.t.m. is the Lotus 98T, it's a old '80's Formula 1 car with 1400+ HP. The traction and effects are awesome at this car.Let's not forget all the awesome BMW's and Ferrari's, but the Lotus cars don't attract me a single bit, what I would love to see are more ""normal use"" cars like the VW Golf GTi (preferably the Mk5, best handling and torque) or a Seat Leon ST, Ford Focus RS, Golf R(32).What is even better, is that the track I visit alot of time's, The Nordschleife, is going to be in this game as a DLC. This DLC contains the Nordschleife and 10 cars but considering this track is really 100% precise laser scanned this is well worth the price.Performance is good on my system, almost always 60FPS with a AMD FX8320 @4.8Ghz, 16GB 1866Mhz RAM, a 250GB Samsung EVO SSD, and last but not least: Asus R9 280X DCII GPU.Great value for money!"
,Recommended,244210,13964742,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Flatline,Perfect game if realism is what you are looking for.
,Recommended,244210,13932939,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,~˚Wolf˚~,Awesome
76561197999072669,Recommended,244210,12413464,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,parandroid,"Amazing physics and graphical marvel. When released, this game will be a game changer. Thank you Kunos Simulazioni!"
,Recommended,244210,26159837,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Iku,"This game is really simulation games.good reallistic cars with their unique sound.there's laferrari and FXXK on this game ! awesomebutdont expect good graphicsif you're casual racing games dont buy thisis is hard to master.and you need a steering wheel to enjoy this gameps: i cant enjoy this game, it's too hard for me. my life already hardcant make more hard again"
,Recommended,244210,20851446,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,mt0s,
,Recommended,244210,21011973,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,AidenAKAandin94,low end laptop 125fps or default setting 30fpsperfect game for everyone on pc
,Recommended,244210,20863980,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,acarnegi,My go to racing sim right now.  I love the feel of the cars.Now better with Porsche!  This game has the best selection of cars.
76561198019049651,Recommended,244210,20152725,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,MasterCS,"If you liked the Gran Turismo series, you'll love this game.  Even more realistic imo"
,Recommended,244210,20975438,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Bruv dat is sikh,"Great game, worth it!"
76561198094789313,Recommended,244210,24529877,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,asiangeek,Great racing sims with amazing cars! For best experience PLAY WITH A WHEEL
76561198179630059,Recommended,244210,31675502,Posted: 10 May,all,Kyoto,Good game
76561198088418537,Recommended,244210,7620237,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,Vargs,Very Good go buy a wheel and get it
76561198095722161,Recommended,244210,21085958,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,mIKE,Its good.
,Recommended,244210,10903106,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Gentlecat,Probably the best racing simulator.
,Recommended,244210,32298548,Posted: 9 June,all,Gainsly,"It's a pretty good racing sim, what more can you ask?"
,Recommended,244210,8152764,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Freezorg,Best sim in the market. All that needs to be said.
76561197984000689,Not Recommended,244210,14170373,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Zapp Brannigan,Way too hard on single player.Is it realistic that you'd need to have a lap time ranked in the top 1000 worlwide in order to beat the very first race on the lowest difficulty setting?
,Recommended,244210,33027151,Posted: 30 June,all,Frids001,If your playing on a steering wheel then this game is just fantastic. The physics are spectacular and the realism is amazing. Playing with a keyboard is a bit tedious but there are presets for xbox controllers to make this game so much easier to play. I would recommend this game to anyone who is a great fan of cars and wants to rag them round a track or drift their rear tyres into white smoke. It's even more fun if your friends join you!
,Recommended,244210,19719188,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Dredge,"Right okay then, Assetto Corsa, its a must have in the sim racing world! Not convinced?This game probably has one of the best physics engines ever created, on par with or maybe even better than iRacing.. Yes it has it's bad parts but considering Kunos was no more than 10 employees at the start of development to come this far into a game is absolutely amazing. Some pros and cons:Pros:The Physics - as close, these days as you're gonna get to a real track day.The Accuracy - The laser scanned tracks and awesome looking car models are perfect in everyway, even if some of the sounds could use an overhaul.The Modability - This game has a fantastic, helpful, contributing community that release mods and setup guides every hour. Not enough content in the base game, don't worry! My AC folder is a big one ~HERE[/b]The ConsThe Mulitplayer - At the moment this feature is on the con side however netcode fixes and menu tweaks could easily throw this in the pile of Pros. The racing itself onlineis really fun and competitive. There's always a quiet focused mood before those 5 red lights disappear.The Sounds - Slowly but surely the sounds are improving. If you compare the newly realeased Escort MK1 to a base game Lotus Exige you can tell a lot more work is now going into the sounds. The V10 sounds, of which there are now A LOT, in the base game sound amazing and I cannot wait for Kunos to revamp all the existing sound effects.I don't really want to list anything else as I just wanted to cover the main bases and try my hardest to persuade you that this game is an absolute gem. Just try the base game if you're not sure, but the DLCs are fantastic and add a lot more variation to it."
76561198011802123,Not Recommended,244210,16651087,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,sean_albin_719,Horrible car selection even with first DLC theres just no variety everything is european with the exception of one single vette and you get about 10 tracks total so imo 30 dollars was a ripoff..and the a.i. is in serious need of work..really bland game
,Recommended,244210,25157203,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Overtake,King of racing game.
76561198001024971,Not Recommended,244210,15111478,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Nostrafamous,"it's a great game don't get me wrong, i just can't get into it like i did forza on the 360... i don't know what it is. just not giving me ""the fizz"""
,Recommended,244210,32290883,Posted: 9 June,all,Elite,Best racing sim.
,Recommended,244210,15150689,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,AntarcticWaffles,"Wow, I cannot believe I haven't reviewed this game yet. This is a game where I keep coming back to. Kunos did a great job on making the quality of the game better from the first day it had been made. The fact that they keep up with the user base is outstanding on its own. There are so many options out there outside of the standalone game itself it is incredible. If you're interested in a sim, but do not want to have a paid subscription like iRacing, this is it!"
,Recommended,244210,24042483,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Fralance,"This is a very fun game and a must have for drifters. The official car list is quite small, but there is an abundance in car mods, whether it be drifters, racers or drag cars. I love this game!"
,Recommended,244210,15257093,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Turbo SpoolUp<3 tshh!!,great gane
01001001011001011,Recommended,244210,19767130,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Legolas,"Early Review:Game seems good so far.The graphics aren't amazingControls are hard. I suggest you buy a steering wheel, pedal, and all that stuff if you want to try this game.No tutorial, just choose a mode and figure it out.More to be added as I play."
76561197965797992,Recommended,244210,14911968,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,SoBeDrAgOn321,Why I am not getting DLC Free I dont know. I thought when buying a apha game there would be cars added. Yet they are DLC cars. Great game anyways
,Not Recommended,244210,10988853,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,TommyK154,"Update: Full ReleaseI have changed my recommendation from yes to NO. This game was very promising in its Early Access stages, and I wrote my review thinking it would get better as time went on. However the game is now in full release and they are already charging paid DLC to get more content. This is absolutely unacceptable for the little amount of content in the game. This is stuff that should be added in the full release version. The car selection is 1/4 of games like Forza, GT, or Project Cars, and about half the cars in this game are various versions of Lotus, most of which are indistingushable from each other. The track selection is subpar as well. When I was writing my previous reviews I was under the impression that more content would be added as time went by. This is not the case, and I am not going to pay $15 for content that should come with the game.If you're thinking about buying this game, DON'T. Wait for Project Cars to come out in May and get that instead.Update: Early Access v1.0.0I haven't played this game for 2-3 months, about the time I wrote my original review. The original review still holds so I'm leaving it, but this game has gotten significantly better in the physics and feel department. You can actually feel what the car is doing A LOT better. More cars and tracks are continuing to be added. This game has a lot going for it and if its ever on sale again and you like racing games or have a g27, don't hesitate. No update on controller usage since I don't bother anymore now that I have a wheel, but I heard they've made good progress. Best racing game on PC and only continues to get better.Original:Unfortately there is no Forza or GT for PC, but this comes incredibly close. The core of this game is great. The physics are spot on and the cars are very well detailed to the point where shift indicators light up if the car has one. Very well done. There current car & track selection leaves much to be desired, but at the time of the review this is still an early alpha, so this is expected. This is hands down the best race sim you can get for PC due to1) proper sim physics2) nice, well-detailed cars and tracks3) probably the biggest reason this beats other PC race sims: NO microtransactions, NO subscriptionsThis is the only PC game that has all 3 of those in one package to my knowledge. The biggest downside is that the game is kind of unplayable with anything but a steering wheel at the moment, but apparently the devs are trying to get better controller support, which this game REALLY needs. However if you have a steering wheel like a G27, this will be a fantastic experience for you."
,Recommended,244210,34099639,Posted: 8 August,all,BakerBachisBack,"Assetto Corsa May be one of the best, if not the best driving simulator on the market. The driving physics are excellent on a wheel. However, the game might get a little dry after players had completed the careers mode."
,Not Recommended,244210,15971098,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,tonnic,"Graphics are not even CLOSE to what shows in the videos in the steam page.   VERY disappointed since the only reason that I bought this game, which is JUST standard racing game with very standard graphics.  VERY DISAPPOINTED and feel that the game was sold based on the graphics (check the videos on the steam page) and they aren't spectacular with everything on ultra (TITAN X here).BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO"
76561197970026344,Recommended,244210,21708801,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,LovegreenDK,This game has taken too much of my gaming time. But I like it. I love the modding part of the game. So many cars and tracks to test out.
,Not Recommended,244210,15997178,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Radical_53,"Pro's:- graphics- sound (better on some cars, worse on others)- amount of optionsCon's:- quantity of content- polish- no weather options- AI- Anti-AliasingI had bought the game previously, right after the game went retail, and now I bought it again. Honestly, this game still doesn't feel close to being retail at all.Yes, it's stable and won't crash or drop you back to desktop easily. But that's about it.There's only a handful of profiles so you'll most probably have to setup your controller from scratch. Some functions don't even work, like the joystick on my wheel (normally used for looking around or navigating menus), or are the wrong way around by default (Fanatec pedals).The default FFB feels artifical and leads to heavy jolts of the wheel now and then. It never feels like a real tire though.The default setup of pedals & brakes (gamme curve) is very nice though and allows for some spectacular feathering.The graphics are nicely detailled and the framerate is rather high, yet the game never really feels smooth and fluid.No matter how you set up the AA, the screen will still drip with jaggies all over the place apart, and that may be funny, the cockpit itself.I'm sure this game will improve further any maybe in a year or two it'll have the content and polish of a true retail game. Right now, all I'd recommend it for is the Ferraris and, of course, the laser-scanned Nordschleife."
76561198198115762,Recommended,244210,31907514,Posted: 22 May,all,xXChEfXx,"This game is AMAZINGthis is the go to game for car fanatics, the ffb is outstanding, the graphics are lifelike and the AI isnt dumb.this game is a challenging for even the best racers"
76561198280037117,Recommended,244210,26467442,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Raven,Very well done. 10/10
,Recommended,244210,18962025,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Schlinkay,"An absolutely excellent simulation game, with full support for a range of racing wheels and pedals. The DLC is perhaps the best model I've seen for any game, you pay a fair price for different cars, each with fully modelled interiors and variants, and one huge track per pack which is always highly detailed and includes every little road curve and bump.The modding scene is alive and very easy as you simply drag and drop cars and tracks into the content game folder, and they appear in-game straight away with no hassle. Gameplay-enhancing mods are also available if you prefer having some different changes to your game.If you're looking for a great simulation racer and other games just aren't doing the trick, then look no futher than Assetto Corsa."
76561198050137963,Recommended,244210,19548935,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,polsch,"Excellent physics and good FFB. Still, some features are missing, but a solid experience for those seeking a realistic driving game."
,Recommended,244210,19573311,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Witti,It is a very solid simulator. Sadly no huge carpool or trackpool BUT there is a small thing which makes everything up: Mods.
76561198024744551,Recommended,244210,19714648,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Kristianguy,"This is possibly even better than the ""GT"" series.But until GT7 is released, i can´t say for sure.But unless GT7 is gonna change everything.Assetto corsa is simply, THE BEST!"
,Recommended,244210,19145000,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,neuroboy314,"Awesome simulator!! the best car simulator on Steam, smash the competence!!! If you're a true racer this simulator is fot you!"
,Recommended,244210,19701891,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,AncientHeroes,I can drive an AUDI R8. Cool enough to buy.
76561198058710860,Recommended,244210,19701589,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,mangoStars,"The core gameplay for this game is phenomenal! The physics, customization of vehicle setups, track implementations, etc. are all off the charts! The multiplayer is, however, not very good (lag / difficult to find good servers), and the ""career"" mode isn't the best either as there isn't really a point to it rather than just setting up your own race against the AI. Because of the issues with multiplayer and the lack of a real career mode with any type of progression, I would say you should NOT pick this up for $60, but it goes on sale during all of the major Steam sales, and I would DEFINITELY RECOMMEND it when on sale. I picked up the game for $30 and have been very happy with the purchase."
76561197997831915,Recommended,244210,10185749,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,яight,What the hell? Doesn't let me turn left or right. ♥♥♥♥ this game!
76561198068102320,Recommended,244210,25942606,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,FourX,What a fantastic game. Well worth the money spend on it
76561198032014378,Recommended,244210,34596264,Posted: 29 August,all,TacMedic,"WOW! Not in a good way. I am using (or attempted to use) an XBox 1 controller to play this game. Do not even try. I messed with every setting, searched every thread, and messed with every option in an attempt to make this game actually playable with a controller for about 10 in game hours and arrived at one solution- a refund (fingers crossed they approve my refund). This game is MADE for a wheel without it you WILL NOT be competitive. (Not bragging just perspective) I run in the top 1-2% in Forza with not a single assist (nothing) and have to handicap myself in Career Mode to make it challenging (Hardest Setting - Start from back with like a 15-30 second delay from Green Light). In this game (with a controller) i can't manage to get around the track for a hot lap without wrecking the darn thing. Race with the computer I had to put it on the easiest setting and still ended up getting second to last. As for the game itself- great graphics, smooth frame rate, not a large selection of tracks (No Laguna Seca Whaaaa??!? lol) Conclusion: Just not for me and my setup - I am sure it is a great game IF you have a SIM Setup (Wheel, Pedals, Gear box, Etc) It is a true SIM game after all."
,Recommended,244210,34171652,Posted: 11 August,all,藤原とうふ店,10/10 Would Drift Again!
,Recommended,244210,34191945,Posted: 12 August,all,rvdicvlsuicide,"Awesome racing simulator game10/10 in it's genre,supports mods,looks gorgeous,good physics / handlingswhat else can i say,it's worth buying"
,Recommended,244210,25254369,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Eliaus yinzar,"Assetto Corsa is one of the best car/racing game out there. The sound is so realistic you barely hear the difference between the in-game sound and real life.Graphics are really good as well as the surroundings.The physics are magnificent, few games that have so amazing physics.If you're looking for a realistics game, sound as well as graphics and physics you got to buy this game!The game andd the DLCs are at a decent price and in return you get really good quality.Only negatif thing I can say about Assetto Corsa is that there are not that many different types of weather, I'd like to see rain and night weather!9.9/10"
76561198136689906,Recommended,244210,11771467,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,splatem,"Easily the best driving game I have ever played.  Fantastic car physics, it's easy to get immersed in the experience of driving lap after lap, just for the enjoyment of driving around a track.  It's just about the driving in this game.  Feels like you are driving a real dynamic car, when using my logitech g27 wheel.  Although it is still early release, and it doesn't have all the content yet, the driving model feels complete.  Best money I ever spent on a driving game.  I've been looking for a game that felt like the real thing, not just another arcade nfs game where you corner or drift on rails."
76561198121741266,Recommended,244210,11787240,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Serial187,Logictech g27 plus Assetto Corsa is a great time. I cant wait for this game to finish beta stage.
,Not Recommended,244210,18134027,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Tedfordshire,It was fun until it started crashing every time I started a race.
76561198018671284,Not Recommended,244210,19804534,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Ian,Buggy as hell. Seems to be getting buggier. Avoid.
,Recommended,244210,34744696,Posted: 4 September,all,gabiaivancesei,"Amaizing cars,tracks and graphics"
76561198044688207,Recommended,244210,16337905,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,kazoo97,I really love this game. It is very in depth and extremely physics heavy. There are alot of physics in this game and you can do anything from carrer mode to just practice mode with a little multiplayer in between.PROS:-Physics-Sound-Models-Graphics-Detail-Very adaptable to all player types and bases from people who have never played before to people who have played every racing sim under the sun.CONS:Allmost need a wheel to play it but is still quite playable with a controller.Also if anyone wants to talk detail. If you run off the track into the gravel and dirt it will collect on your tires and it will effect your traction until it wears off by driving. You can also hear the gravvel hitting off of your wheel wells while driving till it wears off. Also if you are in a vehicle that has an electric engine in it (LaFerrari) and you either run out of gas or if you get into a wreck and your engine fails you can drive a little on the electric engine though not powerful enoufgh it can pull you through the last 1000 or more feet of the race.Thanks for reading my review.
76561198045364143,Recommended,244210,23774187,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,xZeZo95x,Love this game <3one if not the best driving gametotally recommend it
76561198006917462,Recommended,244210,23783897,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Renegade,Great physics and handling model + alfas & ferraris.
,Recommended,244210,23803711,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,ElvisTek,pusilla
76561198122694403,Recommended,244210,23830451,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,21 savage,"Assetto Corsa is a really good Racing SimulatorFun to cruise around with your friendBuy it,It'll worth every single dollar"
76561198097663424,Recommended,244210,16314736,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Mathis,My Favorite sim. The abilty to mod your cars into the game is just a modern day version of rFactor
76561197998716405,Recommended,244210,26980294,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ratfink,Awesome
,Recommended,244210,34493874,Posted: 25 August,all,Robohoe,FUN N' GoOD
,Recommended,244210,30752159,Posted: 26 March,all,^äNkZ,"+Incredibly fun game+Pleasant driving physics+Good free content+Mods work online+Installing mods are easy+Good DLCs which aren't that expensive+You can play with a keyboard, a mouse, a ps4 controller, a wheel etc.+Graphics are nice+Fun multiplayer servers (drifting servers especially)= One of my all-time favourite games"
,Recommended,244210,16450141,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Kaegan,Best simulator to date!
,Not Recommended,244210,21934980,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,^0St^1eel,"Uhm , recently assetto corsa does not load , i have updated it , while going on play button does load screen and goes back to menu , ALSOwhenever i am in the menu le wild steam page with assetto corsa dlc page comes up in my browser wtf"
,Recommended,244210,32517982,Posted: 17 June,all,theworld,Sucessfully defending my virginity
,Recommended,244210,31683014,Posted: 11 May,all,Ninja,Really love this game
76561197993077729,Recommended,244210,28610840,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Sakuto,"Assetto Corsa is pretty much the best driving simulation available at the time of writing (for PC at least), and is likely to stay the at the top for quite a while. A must-have for all simulation fans. There really isn't much to criticize, but perhaps the collision damage system could use some work. Fortunately the sim is being actively developed (and I'll take state-of-the-art tire modeling any day over visually correctly dented body panels). Be warned though: once you start to master Nordschleife, all other tracks feel rather lame by comparison :)"
,Recommended,244210,28631853,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,pearlsnap06,One of the best sims out there.
,Recommended,244210,31699330,Posted: 12 May,all,EkiEl ²•0,"Awesome racing sim, if you like realistic driving physics this game is for you 10/10🖒"
76561197971254353,Recommended,244210,31702637,Posted: 12 May,all,Pari,The best driving simulation period. Could hotlap Silverstone International in the M235 Racing for days!
,Recommended,244210,28331921,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Norcast,I've driven so far but never used any gas. Better than a prius.
,Recommended,244210,28495091,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Xenu,"Incredibly realistic, great for fanatic racers and drifters!Modding is easy, and in high supply.I see some people setting great lap times at ""the ring"" using their mouse as a wheel, I myself use a controller which is not ideal but it still is a lot of fun!Finding myself looking for a decent wheel on a daily basis to feed my Assetto addiction.I am very suprised to see so ""few"" people playing this game with all it has to offer.They scanned the tracks so well, if you drive on ""Zandvoort"" the bumps, and grip are the exact same in game as in real life (from experience).Most cars sound incredibly accurate too!Truly a game for the people who seek the thrill of realism in racing!The only downside is how many SICK cars and tracks they add as DLC, would have liked seeing some of those be free, but bought some DLC packs anways... because who doesn't want the roar of the RB26 from a GTR34 on the Nordschleife!"
,Recommended,244210,28973416,Posted: 3 January,all,🅱LITZKRIEG,Very nice
76561198114506017,Recommended,244210,28480942,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,TroubleClefer,"This is the best driving simulation game out there. I love this game so much! If you're into racing and realistic racing (not the arcade stuff) then you really should buy this game. 10/10 It's worth every cent, and hit me up if you're up for a nice clean race"
76561198237159086,Recommended,244210,28547138,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,FelicianoE,"Bought it, loved it and then bought it again on PS4.Love the main trailer!"
76561198025804802,Recommended,244210,28729308,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Maddawg,A really good racing sim.  I wish the graphics were as crisp as RR3.  The multi-player menu is a pain to navigate.  Other than that no complaints.
76561197970673493,Recommended,244210,28972567,Posted: 3 January,all,Jesster,"Awesome fun, need a steering wheel though. G920 is supported perfectly."
,Recommended,244210,29405341,Posted: 21 January,all,DriftMachine,If you are asim collector then this is a game worth gettting that you will find your self playing.
,Recommended,244210,35142389,Posted: 22 September,all,McRenault,"Great physics, but too much DLC, make more cars available without paying a bunch of money, only to find that they've released another DLC pack. They've taken the DJ Kahled approach to DLC. But great physics."
76561198130689550,Recommended,244210,33479998,Posted: 12 July,all,santsuke99,OK
76561197993580304,Recommended,244210,24192933,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,"MOV r0,r0",The 16 hours I have at this time is all me going back to see if they've finished the tyre & physics models yet and maybe added some sort of gameplay element.Hurry up Kunos.
76561198075735875,Recommended,244210,34385909,Posted: 20 August,all,Sab666,"HIghly recommended. Great racing sim, way better than iRenting"
,Recommended,244210,10454726,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,AdamWJB,It's the♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198066110194,Recommended,244210,13652660,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Mike,"I just played a few hours but i can already say this game is absolutely brilliant, great physics, graphics, features...really great... if you like racing sims this is exactly what you want and what you were looking forit's worth the money and you get some great cars and tracks and there's hundreds of high quality mods out thereit's a good game to test your skills, if you don't hit the apex the way you have to, you will feel it, as the game has great physics and a lot of setting up your caryou also get laser-scanned tracks making them the most realistic out thereif you don't buy this you'll miss a great game !"
,Recommended,244210,17418677,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,SonsyTiggeroo,"Amazing with G27, it's a must buy!"
,Recommended,244210,34368182,Posted: 20 August,all,Pajama,One of the best sim racers ever and fantastic for drifting. Community is sort of dead though. Otherwise it's pretty good.
,Not Recommended,244210,15880602,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,The Vegas Shooter,"Paid full price for the game and got dlc for 5 bucks. It's a great sim from physics standpoint, but what troubles me is the countersteering. It's not right. It's very hard to recover a car when you lose the rear end a bit.There also are not enough cars in the game."
,Not Recommended,244210,15910202,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,WizBiz,"I understand this is a racing simulator, and yes the way the cars handle is better than anything you can buy on a console only game, but for this price (even the sale price) I was expecting a much prettier game. Not the graphics of the cars, but of the interface. It looks like something a highschooler threw together the night before it was due. It feels sluggish to the point where every interface just isn't natural. I found myself clicking things that weren't shortcuts but very much could have been. There are too many points missing in this game and until there is a massive overhaul in graphics and in layout, I will consider this a waste of money."
76561198305154533,Recommended,244210,31898146,Posted: 22 May,all,JustinZhang,"With the latest update I am now confident to say that if you love cars and driving like meBUY ITJust doWith the new AI you'll never fell bored again for those same old track&car combo on multiplayer. The AIs now know how to hold their line, go for the gap when you've made a mistake and race against each other. Honestly racing against ai is probably more fun than racing on public servers now.Tire model, graphics and sounds have always been improving, especially with the newer cars. My god the TS040 is exciting"
,Not Recommended,244210,13603783,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Redderick,I think i am a mediocre to decent player at racing games but when you can't even beat the first race against AI in career mode something is seriously wrong. Other than that the game just simply offers little content with tracks that could have been more interesting.
,Recommended,244210,35039022,Posted: 17 September,all,ck,Best racing simulator on the PC.
,Recommended,244210,11027405,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,JulianS2K | BicepPapa,"SICK GAME!!Graphics and sounds are awesome!!Would be great if you guys add a S2000!!!Also spa francorchamps is a really sick circuit!!Thanks for this awesome game so far, looking foreward to the career mode! :)"
76561198013314259,Not Recommended,244210,17331956,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,nirvana_sth,"if you want a racing game, there are far better options out there.if you have a racing wheel and you like to play a racing sim, then this game is ""ok"".the graphics is not that good, there is no ""full"" support for your gamepad and menus are very complicated.before buying, you may want to check some gameplay footages first."
76561197975449131,Recommended,244210,22184904,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Dunravin,Had this since release and it's still the best driving experience available on PC. Other car projects feel very arcade like compared to AC. Really impressed with the latest updates.
76561198226898424,Not Recommended,244210,17931836,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,dsrandall,junk
76561198107546055,Recommended,244210,22173117,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,cascar96,"Best race car ever, the most realistic I know with modern graphics. Compared to Project Cars, graphics are less developped, but gameplay, physics engine and online community are far much better. I say that with 160hours gaming on Assetto and 123h on Project Cars, so I think I can compare. I you are a Project Car lover, don't reject this review, you have your opinion and surely good reasons to prefer PC, but I have mine ;)"
,Recommended,244210,35038720,Posted: 17 September,all,Kekstappen,"Great simulator overall, a ton of fun with a steering wheel and pedals. Menus are a bit clonky but alright. Would get 5/5 if there were more cars that came with the game. It leaves a lot to be desired. Overpriced DLC's with a few cars only. Redpack seriously? Only 2 F1 cars only for 10 Euro? Not cool. 4/5"
,Recommended,244210,23042381,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Flipkip,"Except for sound effects, not too many online players and some minor graphical things that lack; I love this game. Definitely worth a recommendation."
,Recommended,244210,23054507,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Roonexy,"Great simulation, love it!"
76561198016215127,Recommended,244210,13605478,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,peri,Super racing simulation and recommend it to anyone who owns the steering wheel.
,Recommended,244210,13435439,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Super WOLFCULT 64,"That's my dad. He was coming up in the pro-stock circuit. Last race of the season, he was coming into the final turn when a driver named Kenny Linder tapped his bumper and put him into the wall at a hundred and twenty miles an hour. I watched my father burn to death. I can still remember him screaming. The people who were there said my father died long before the tanks blew. They said it was me that was screaming.9/10"
,Recommended,244210,31875478,Posted: 20 May,all,Im Gonna Cum On Your Face,"Hasn't Played A Racing Game Since Gran Turismo 4 In 2005. Got Professional with it, even without ABS or TCS.Picks Up This Game In 2017.Hops In Mazda 787B.Loads Up Spa With 20 Cars.Turns Off All Assists.Green Light.Presses Gas, Car Shoots Off To The Right And Totals It.Turns Back On Assists."
,Recommended,244210,31876712,Posted: 21 May,all,nani the fuck,U S E A S T E E R I N G W H E E LSEASTEERINGWHEEL
76561198296357900,Recommended,244210,23532509,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,deezdog,"i reckon this is  F.A.B    for real drivers, good full length replays,   i.m hooked"
,Recommended,244210,23576651,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,slightly less seized13b,best racing game ive owned to date. 10/10
,Recommended,244210,18424369,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,SuperChocoChip,"The most realistic physics engine I've encountered in a racing sim to date. iRacing comes very close, but IMO, AC just about edges it due to better road feel and force feedback. I use AC mainly as a hot lap tool, and for this I have yet to find another product that comes close. Well worth your money!"
76561198016499383,Recommended,244210,32344115,Posted: 11 June,all,axonMagnus,"[[ Hardware ]][ GPU         ] 2x Asus R9 290[ CPU         ] Amd 9370 4.4 GHZ[ Interface ] T500rs with th8 rs shifter.[ monitor  ]  21:9 monitor 2560 x 1080  is supported[Pros]■ ""BIG ♥♥♥♥ing DEAL"" insane mod support! very♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥big deal , so much replay ability■ absolutely perfect the ffb is on point i have never found any other tittle that comes close.[ Annoying ]■ for some reason my controls are reset , not really a big deal  but remaping them all the time is not fun , it seems to ■happen occasionally and  i have no idea wat causes it[Cons]■ No crossfire support  , no really a big deal as most use a single gpu even with one gpu its perfect■ No official rally support"
,Recommended,244210,23618611,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Goju Ponu,"I advise you to not play with a controller, this game needs a steering wheel. Sadly I don't have one (yet), so had no choice. But anways, if you enjoy Sim Racers: ADD. TO. CART. This is by far the best sim racer that I have ever played. The sounds, the graphics, even the tracks are all nailed down perfectly to the final pixel."
76561198119627757,Recommended,244210,23615435,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Phil Gardiner,"Best driving simulator on the market, nothing else comes close.Recommended."
,Recommended,244210,23429106,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Yenney,"I bought this game solely to go with my new steering wheel and setup. This game lacks cars unless you buy the car packs, but even then the Career mode will last you many many hours. Awesome game, easy to setup and get playing, closest thing to ""racing"" that you can find in my opinion. Perfect game for wheel setups, and looks really good as well."
76561197976822209,Not Recommended,244210,15285253,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Edgar Allan Pwn,I support you during early access and then you have the nearve to charge me for DLC right after it goes full release????Is it too late to ask for my money back?
76561198055993196,Recommended,244210,16150221,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Loosecannon,"When someone asks me ""what did I do today"" I can say to them ""Today I Test-drove a Ferrari & was gloriously streaking along at over 200+km/hr  however I didnt see the damn corner - spectacularly crashed - & then walked away intact feeling like a million dollars!!! WELCOME to ASSETO CORSA! Seriously the driving in it feels like the real thing, though blissfully it is without the worries of dinging up a $500,000 odd car.10/10 --10 out-of-freakin-10!! Would -Ok - & I DID do it again after. Side-note: It is a challenging car racing sim, targeted for hard-core racing addicts & also the noobs (like me) who just want to experience hoping into a decent fast car & holding the foot flatSeriously the best test-driving experience you will NEVER do (in real-life that is).*Graphics, sound  & animation all combine to provide an adrenaline rush that CAN make one oblivious to the incoming corners. I would say this game is good enough to call it a fair substitute for the real thing... DISCLAIMER  Do not to emulate in real-life."
,Recommended,244210,10670262,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Wu-Teng,fun with a wheel
,Recommended,244210,10528451,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,303,amazing
,Recommended,244210,16482251,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,TheNameJamie,9/10 CRASHED INTO BUSH IN PITSWOULD CRASH AGAINNEEDS PRIVATE CUSTOM MATCH THO
,Recommended,244210,25105202,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,astralhash,"I play every once in a while, it is fun sometimes.;-)"
,Recommended,244210,31493615,Posted: 1 May,all,Makoto-G,"The best racing sim for PC! Excellent graphics, awesome physics and lots of mods to enjoy!My only issue is that I can't find a server that's close to my region. But still racing with AI is fun and enjoyable."
,Recommended,244210,11059078,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,xrgr1 | サーバ,Like Skyrim with cars!
,Recommended,244210,23155415,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Mathtub,"Very nice game people who like realistic sim racing. Assetto Corsa is probably the racing game you can get at the moment. The only tiny downside is the AI, its still not perfect to race against.Great game, I would rate 9.5/10 :)"
,Recommended,244210,8820878,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,JAWN,"If you have a wheel, you need this sim."
76561198044371242,Recommended,244210,9008997,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,ntjordan,"Oh man this is good stuff. I have spent countless hours playing many racing games and sims, and AC may well turn out to be the finest. Turn all the assists off, and this feels darn close to actual driving. The physics are so good it makes me want to cry just a little. I'll admit that the graphics aren't quite as good as the videos indicate, and I have a rather beefy machine running it, but seeing as it's early access I'm not going to judge that just yet. And, who cares? The meat of the game is so good that I can forgive just about anything, I've never played a game that felt this close to real driving, just awesome.If you must have a campaign, then wait for the full release I would say. If you are like me and can spend hours just hot lapping to find that perfect line, don't hesitate to buy this. Yeah, I only have a little time logged, but this is coming from well over a decade of racing game experience, and I am certain this one will be special."
76561198031728271,Recommended,244210,9369161,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,comPutin,"Amazing realistic, great graphics and sound design. Best racing on PC PERIOD!"
76561198197878921,Recommended,244210,30747602,Posted: 26 March,all,[KOR]Not-O-Stig,"Driving dynamics feel much better than Project Cars.There are lot of more ""realistic"" sims out there in PC, however they are very costy. Assetto seems to comes with very reasonable price.Updates are quite good, Assetto has some good understandings on tyre mechanisms, which affect driving dynamics, they keep updating their tyre model, and that is the goody for this game.However, even though multiplay expereience is generally not that bad, but to create own server is a little bit challanging comapared to easy system of Project Cars. Now I am used to with it, it is fine now.In my guess, because this game is from italy, Ferrari is the most balanced car among the others. I drove with my friend GT3 RS, versus with old 458, It showed 2 sec gap(of course 458 was slow), however gt3 rs showed troublesome understeer, but 458 however was very neutral every corner.If you are hesitating to buy Assetto, because of poor user interface, but still I can guaruntee driving experience. It is a bit challanging for get used to Assetto and takes time, but after that, it is good racing simulator.4stars out of 5."
,Recommended,244210,8421790,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Worminator,"Finally when you google ""pc racing sim with wheel/clutch support and good graphics it returns a result that's not dated ~2006"
,Recommended,244210,10081615,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,thro,"The best PC racing game, bar none.Realistic handling, excellent graphics, awesome sound.If you're after an arcade racer, this is not it.  If you're after something with better than gran turismo levels of handling realism, this is for you."
76561198058367695,Recommended,244210,9032058,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Karsas,"English:Despite the fact is still a beta, and a long time is still needed to complete the game, this might be the best racecing simulator ever made, surely one who deserve credit from the comunity and critic.The shift, the handling fealing, and the response of the clutch are amazing, better then GT6. Although there is still room for improvement in grafic and lifetime of the game this is definitively one of my best purchases.Italiano:Nonostante sia una beta, e necessiti ancora di molto tempo prima che sia completo, potrebbe essere uno dei migliori simulatori di corse mai creati, di sicuro merita l'attenzione della comunità e della critica.Il cambio, la manovrabilità e la risposta della frizione sono eccezionali, migliori di GT6. Sebbene ci sia ancora spazio per migliorie grafiche e sulla longevità, è uno dei miei migliori acquisti."
,Recommended,244210,26487586,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Putin the world back in order,Love this game and the developers are amazing. Constantly producing quality content at a cheap price and even giving out free content when they can. Under promised and over delivered. A+
,Recommended,244210,8231843,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Smycket,"Has potential, can't play i fully yet because my Thrustmaster F430 FFB only has 270 degrees of steering and the game is mapped to 900 degrees which makes it unplayable. Seems like the GT/Forza for PC is finally here :)"
,Recommended,244210,8425928,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,delahmed,"This is my first review on steam.I play this and PCars 75% of my time on the PC. I used to love PCars until I played this. Now PCars does not feel as realistic as this. I cant wait for this to be released and MP is gonna be sick.By the way, I am using a CSR Elite, CSP v2, CSS SQ and Wheel Stand Pro.Have no idea how this plays on keyboard or X360 controller. If you have a wheel, then I am sure you have this already! If not, what rock have you been hiding under? £22.49 on Steam sale right now, bargain! Only game I have bought for more than a fiver!"
,Recommended,244210,9208804,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,incognito,"The ultimate sim racer, combine it with the t500rs for an unrivaled expierence. (except, well in a real car on a track)"
76561198010341389,Recommended,244210,15724495,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,stevef2,"Fantastic realistic racing sim, just needs a bit more tweaking and some weather.In my opinion better car physics than Project Cars. Can only get better with time.."
76561198067500521,Recommended,244210,10025076,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,TUNNUSS,"I would just like to say...This is hand in hand, the best racing sim I have ever played. This game might be a bit expensive, but dont be fooled by a lack of options as this game is early access and hasnt been finished yet. I highly recommend getting this game while it is 40 dollars, not 80 when it is fully released. This game has excellent graphics and sound quality. This is the true definition of next gen racing simulation."
76561197984650829,Recommended,244210,10316745,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,HEISENBERG,Most realistic race game!
76561198156007047,Recommended,244210,20385461,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Xaffax,"Assetto Corsa is pure magic. It's by far the best Racing sim out there. Way ahead of anything else.The Dream Pack DLC is a must, or else there aren't that many tracks and cars to choose from. With the three Dream packs you have a solid  set of tracks and cars.Especially the various lazerscanned versions of the Nordschleife are spectacular.A steering wheel is a must. If you are reallly into sim racing and want to get as close to the real thing as you can, this is for you."
76561197982271149,Recommended,244210,25349591,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,MoL4rQuantity,Incredible in every way.  Do not even have Project Cars installed anymore.
76561197970565720,Recommended,244210,8515070,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Wally,"If you have a force feedback wheel, this is worth it.  The game still seems to be in very early stages of development but they're doing good work so far.  Not many PC games capture the handling of the cars this well."
,Recommended,244210,31011313,Posted: 7 April,all,Sergy,It's worth it.
76561198201061803,Not Recommended,244210,31272267,Posted: 21 April,all,tjselling5,Not recommended for VR.  The headset is dark until the race starts.  All the menus and options needs to be handled outside of VR on an external monitor.
,Recommended,244210,16780935,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Harambe,"AssettoCorsa is a Great Racing game!!!Its unparalled driver physics are topped off increadable graphics runnable thanks to its great optimization!!!Most maps are precisly laser scanned precise to 2mm, making Assettocorsa the first PC game to laser-scan the iconic Nurburgring Nordshliefe!!!It has quite alot of cars and tracks and more are coming out in future DLC's and Bonus packs!!!It boasts alot of iconic cars such as Lotus, Ferrari, Lamborgini and in the near future it is introducing Porshe cars!!!One of the only PC games to do so.I have had 740+ hours in-game and for see many more, I absolutly recommend AssettoCorsa!"
,Recommended,244210,13508370,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Pace,"Bravissimo! Magnífico! Grazzie, Italia!"
,Not Recommended,244210,30893549,Posted: 1 April,all,Baby Dragon,"I've had this game since it was released in early access. I play using a Logitech G27.The only positive that comes to mind is the graphics, although the environments are completely static so it seems as though time is frozen.Its missing many features that a racing game requires to call itself a racing game.All of that can be excused if the driving was top notch but I must say the driving is just a bore.Do yourself a favour and get something else."
76561197962044062,Not Recommended,244210,29479474,Posted: 25 January,all,JayWard,"I sometimes think the developers have never driven a car before. No matter what I do, the steering is awful. I can drive 90mph and zig zag left and right across four lanes of traffic in my retired P71 Crown Vic in real life but, in this game, if you even slightly start steering left and right in a ♥♥♥♥ing Porsche GT3 going 40mph the car will all of sudden spin out and then continue sliding as if you're on ice. Do they not realize that tires still have friction even when you're sliding? Cars still gradually slow down even when spinning out in real life but not in this game. No matter what the surface, once the rear end starts to walk even one degrees, it's nearly impossible to recover. I've had the rear end walk just slightly only going 30mph and the car starts sliding as if you jerked the wheel and went full throttle. It's pathetic. I really don't understand what they were thinking. Go watch any on board dashcam of a car driving the Nurburgring and see how fast it actually is. There is no sensation of speed in this game because you have to take every corner at 25mph.I take issue with the braking, too - drive 70mph and slam on the brakes in a road car and it takes way too long to stop. Most of these cars have 60 - 0 braking distances of less than 100 feet in real life and yet, again, this game makes it feel like it takes a quarter mile just to slow down from 100mph.In their feeble attempt to be a simulator, they decided to make it artificially difficult. I can barely take a 90 degree corner going 40mph in LaFerrari without it understeering as if I'm going 80. It really is just dog sh*t. I'm sorry but cars have more grip than that, especially a supercar like a LaFerrari. Maybe if I was driving a god damn Lada I'd understand but when I'm in a Corvette C7-R and it drives like a road car with worn tires, there is fundamental issue with the way they designed the game. I just know some of the cars in the game are more stable in real life - it really comes down to that."
76561198094546283,Recommended,244210,15851056,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Dries1987,"Best simulation racer I have played to date, the physics in AC are very good. Driving experience 9/10 !"
76561198159896141,Recommended,244210,16457285,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Sérgio Inácio,Amazing game.5* graphicsNice cars.Wonderfull.
76561198042383884,Recommended,244210,17318634,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Galdanwing,Good
76561197961802237,Recommended,244210,17318671,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,MrMeow,If you have a wheel and love sim racers or a sim experience this is the only game you need in your life.
,Recommended,244210,12808880,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,PT V1p3r,"Simply put... this is THE new gen racing simulator to follow.If you're into simracing, go for it, it really pays off."
76561197993783097,Recommended,244210,17334315,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Paulus1978,"An almost perfect Racing Simulator. Driving the digital Lotus Elise is as close as i've ever found a game to come to the real thing (which i've driven a bit, as i used to work for Lotus). Coupled with a Logitech G27 and a decent Rig, this game really does blur the lines of whats real and what isn't. If you're after a prettier version of Outrun 2, this isn't going to make you happy. If you want a gleaming, inch perfect laser scaned example of a truely ambitous and expertly crafted Racing game, I think you just found a game to make you glad you have a Steering Wheel."
76561198267696674,Recommended,244210,34586878,Posted: 29 August,all,Mexterbator,Very Much Good
76561198250978798,Recommended,244210,34619748,Posted: 30 August,all,william,good game
,Recommended,244210,32461131,Posted: 15 June,all,EDDDDUUUUUUU,"Great simulation game, don't let the crappy menu fool you.Seriously, make a better user interface.Awesome playability on g27, by the way.Very custom game.Recommended."
76561198311869692,Recommended,244210,27504468,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,🎮Lone wolf 🎮🕹,This game  truly defines the meaning of real racing. Forcing you to push your limits . Assetto corsa has set an standard for future upcoming racing sims
,Recommended,244210,29024547,Posted: 4 January,all,VR Slipstream,"I always wondered what vibrations feels like when Jenson Button and some F1 drivers complain.Now I can feel that for myself. They are fookin' incredible.I can feel them with my G27 after locking up in F138 and SF15-T. I feel like I am going to break my wheel.If only I were rich enough to buy Vesaro sim or anything like that, I would test to see how it feels to my butt (maybe it helps to burn fat :D). No, I am not fat.You need to keep your body fit to improve laptimes.This game taught me there's more than just driving. There's ENGINEERING."
76561198053055812,Recommended,244210,31278935,Posted: 21 April,all,digitaldazz,"The best VR experience to date with a GTX1070, this is tyhe most emmersive experience to date since launch with HTC Vive and I have tried a lot of games. Runs great with the G29 wheel and a seat with DIY bass shaker. Bought it full price and all DLC so at this sale price its a no brainer."
,Recommended,244210,31293408,Posted: 22 April,all,Human Bean,"The Best racing simulator i have playedIf it had proper night time with functioning headlights and weather effects like rain inbuilt, it would be the perfect racing simthe feedback from the game to the wheel is just perfect.need more american or japanease cars too many european cars :c mix it up famMore licensed tracks *cough* (mount panorama) would be welcome as wellGame has good mod support"
76561198320420757,Recommended,244210,31308344,Posted: 22 April,all,MannyD90sKId,"Hello, This review is for skeptics. Im currently playing AC @Ultra 60 w/ a Dualshock 4. So far i am AMAZED. The quality of this Software is beyond anything ive ever played on console. Coming from Playstation all my life and being a Gran Turismo Fan since i was a young child. This is up there with gran turismo in my book, sorry to say but i think this is a little better than GT's last iterations. The tracks and car models are beautiful, you can hear backfire when downshifting and can hear intake whine at high RPM's.. This game is Rediculous. I definately recommend to anyone who likes the genre. Not for Need For Speed kindof people. Game takes a lot of Patience & Practice especially on Pro. I Give this 5 Stars!! Triple Pack, Red Pack, and JDM Pack are a mustttttttt!"
76561197996809884,Recommended,244210,31106949,Posted: 12 April,all,rmissale,"if this were not released as early access, and instead had been released as a complete, finished product, it's impact on the sim racing community would be meteoric. as it stands, it is certainly one of the best racing sims available for the PC. awesome physics, vehicles are modeled to perfection. kunos made this sim highly moddable, so there is a ton of tracks and cars by modders out there. hard to complain about a racing sim that comes about as close to perfection as you can dare  hope for. However, i regret having to say that Assetto Corsa is incomplete. without dynamic weather effects and no damage modeling this sim cannot be considered complete. does it rain in England? i hope so. how about the United States? this is part of the racing experience, and there is no getting around that fact. Kunos can say that not enough people used the rain effect in Netkar Pro, but this is different. dynamic weather is necessary because whether race car drivers like it or not, they must sometimes deal with rain during a race. and drivers crash! the best drivers in the world wreck their cars from time to time. it is part of the racing experience. for this reason, i must give AC an 8 out of 10. also, the driver profile is horrible! why don't they keep record of actual laps driven? all in all, a great racing sim, no doubt, but most definitely INCOMPLETE!!!"
,Recommended,244210,31228099,Posted: 18 April,all,XAVIER WULF - VIOLENT 2JZ サン,Such a nice game! love it!!
,Recommended,244210,31272017,Posted: 21 April,all,hardeepreehal,Great game for Sim Racing! Especially with the Wheel and Pedals.
,Recommended,244210,31293041,Posted: 22 April,all,OakLeaves,The best sim racing game there is. I only play iRacing for the structured racing I wish this had something similar.
76561198133214766,Recommended,244210,31294916,Posted: 22 April,all,Nlocke113,"After over 530 hours of play on this game and my most played steam game i can safely say its great!Pros:-good physics-Good Graphics-desent car list (especially with dlc)-Good wheel support-better than average sounds-Pretty good FFB-Nicely optimised-Lots of mods and easy to modCons:-Online has small player base (Atleast now)-no ingame way to make a server (would help online alot)-AI could be better (dont overtake much and never seam to make mistakes)-lack of night which would be great to have not just for racing but drifting too-missing many iconic cars and race series F1, BTCC, WTCC, Nascar, rallycross ect..Rating - 8.5/10"
,Recommended,244210,31295093,Posted: 22 April,all,Mr.Slamson,"3 years ago, I had a firm beleif that if you wanted to play the most accurate racing game on the market, turn to Sony and their Grand Turismo. However, that has long since changed.This game, while not only one of the most beautiful I have ever played, is also one of the most accurate. It's rare that one can go from driving their car in real life, sit down behind a computer screen and actually FEEL the car they are driving in game behave like it does in real life. This game has one of the most advanced engines i've ever come across in terms of its car physics. Not to mention the mod support and addons available for this game as well, Kunos knocked it out of the galaxy with this one."
76561198259153244,Recommended,244210,31299826,Posted: 22 April,all,the awsome gamer,its awsome onece you get used to it
,Recommended,244210,31336432,Posted: 24 April,all,Exxo,Drove a modded F2002 around Nordschliefe. It was the best 6 hours.
,Recommended,244210,31258186,Posted: 20 April,all,Agentdovy,Can you afford a car? No? Play this game and crash a Pagani racecar as much as you desire before giving up and driving a Lotus Elise.
,Recommended,244210,31307016,Posted: 22 April,all,Dsanzo,"(Disclaimer: this is sort of a Project Cars vs. Assetto Corsa review, for no other reason than I bought both games within a week of eachother and have a clear 'winner' in my mind which I think needs sharing. I had no knowledge of either games before I bought them as I wasn't into racing games all that much prior to the purchase of my racing wheel.)I got my first racing wheel a week or two ago and so I bought Project Cars to test it out. It's not a bad game, but it's not the best game out there. After some debate I decided to give Assetto Corsa a try, to which I was immediately hooked. Why, you might ask?The driving feels much more natural in AC, when you skid off the track you know it was your fault and you know how to avoid making that same mistake. Whereas in PC, sometimes it just feels wrong. You think or know you've probably made an error somewhere during the race, but you just can't put your finger on it. Was it a steering, braking or shifting error? It seems impossible for me to describe this feeling as a beginning sim racer, but the difference is palpable once you race with a force-feedback steering wheel. When you drive a car in AC you are ín the car. In PC, less so. This makes a lot of driving errors you tend to make in PC feel unjust and out of the blue.Supposedly there's a number of reasons why the driving experience in AC is better than the one in PC. I won't get into it now, you can probably google that for yourself. I am no expert on these matters whatsoever. All I can say for now is that AC feels better and therefore is much more immersive, enjoyable and addicting than PC.I must say that PC is more user friendly in the sense that the menu's and career mode are easier to navigate/get into. However, the perpetual event invites you get in the PC career mode annoy the hell out of me. I just want to progress with karts. Now I know you can start whereever you want in the career mode and figure things out from there. But where's the fun in a career mode where you can skip 90% of the levels? Granted, maybe I just don't 'get it'.Supposedly the AI in PC is smarter than the AI in AC. I find this to be true. However, this doesn't mean the AI in AC is completely daft. They just feel a bit more like an AI: a bit more rocky and predictable at times. It's not something that puts me off all that much. This is mostly due to the fact that you are so immersed in your driving that you aren't bothered by details like that. Whereas in PC I would get annoyed with the slightest AI error because I was already having unnecessarry trouble getting used to the car I was driving.The only real major positive PC has (over AC) are the graphics and especially the sounds. They are absolutely excellent. All of this leads to the conclusion that PC is shiny. It's an O.K. game. A game you could buy when it's on sale, to see whether it floats your boat without it costing you too much in the financial department. More fun with a steering wheel? Definitely, but at times it's infuriating because of its flaws. AC is a game that you MUST buy if you have a racing wheel, because right now it is the best racing simulation game on steam.If you have the money, buy AC first. If that doesn't win you over, possibly due to the fact that it is less user friendly (marginally so in my opinion, but still), give PC a try. Maybe the slick design and amazing sound and graphics of PC will win you over if AC doesn't. I must admit that AC is rather steeply priced compared to PC due to the DLC packs. On sale AC+dlc was about 41EUR, compared to about 18EUR for PC+dlc which I purchased through a third party."
76561197975000217,Not Recommended,244210,28038407,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,SlickBattery,"Great mechanics, horrible UI and seriously lacking content. Everything is DLC. A racing sim with DLC that is more expensive than the base game.Nurburgring-Nordshliefe - DLCBrands Hatch - DLCMcLaren P1 - DLCGT40 - DLCFXX-K - DLCand so on...I supported this game back when it was early access because I liked how realistic it was and wanted more cars/tracks. Turns out you get very little without the DLC."
76561198094308271,Not Recommended,244210,15669255,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Wallaby,"Half a game, very finicy, AI are stupidly aggresive."
,Not Recommended,244210,15677865,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,willmanutd16,Needs more cars and a more dynamic career mode.
76561197971315531,Recommended,244210,19693347,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Curunir,"Its like NIKE, just do it!"
76561198056467222,Recommended,244210,16752198,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Smelly Meatus,step 1. buy gamestep 2. buy racing wheelstep 3. learn to driftstep 4. now drift irl
76561198084127091,Recommended,244210,11301760,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,creamloads,Authentic Italian Racing Simulator ... Just like Mama used to make it!
76561198121834154,Recommended,244210,9408743,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,kelayah,Best SIM Racing Game Ever And Still Not At The First Full Version
76561197993151433,Recommended,244210,12004581,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,bernie_95,A must have racing sim......
,Recommended,244210,9407094,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Sinny,"This game, Assetto Corsa can be recognised as a game that has great potential to become a fantastic racing sim. Even though it has a limited number of cars and tracks, the realistic physics make this game still a pleasure to play. Great graphics and yet still far more to go with the development of this early access game. Great Work :)"
76561197975901259,Recommended,244210,9435331,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,fnagwaa,A brilliant game even in beta form. Fantastic physics and loads of options already with more to come including career. The only thing I'm wanting right now is better AI but I know that will come. It will be interesting to see how multiplayer is handled to keep things realistic a la iRacing.
,Recommended,244210,9586150,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Emperor Romanov,This game is excellent. The best driving simulator on the market in my opinion and its still Early Access. Cant wait to play the full game when its done.
76561198052277700,Recommended,244210,9646459,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,nv,A perfect simulation.
76561198046032818,Recommended,244210,9866813,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,YOU ARE A PIRATE,"An outstanding racing sim that can appeal to both casual racers and hardcore sim racers without sacrificing the realistic feel of a good racing simulator. Considering this game is still in early access as I write this, and only continues to improve through each update, I definitely reccomend purchasing."
76561198063965916,Recommended,244210,9874679,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,RockyDylanBebb,"After looking forever for trying to find a racing game that complimented my Logitech G27 steering wheel nicely, i started seeing video's on youtube of this game. I decided to buy it, and holy S**& BEST racing game EVER. All sounds are insanely PERFECT all the way from hearing your car echoing off the wall when you get close to the sound of rocks flying out of your tires when you accidently go off the track. So far I have never played a game where you actually start getting nervous going TOO fast, my wheel begins to shake as the car starts going to fast and coming in to a corner TOO fast has never been more nerve racking. Seriously, if you have a wheel, give this game a whirl."
,Recommended,244210,11810841,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Morv✔,Best racing simulator so far and game is not even finished.
,Recommended,244210,11822882,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Skombijohn,Most promising Sim at the moment. GO FOR IT!
76561197992491016,Recommended,244210,11807674,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Farmer,The force-feedback is terrific. You can feel the dampers like in Live for Speed. I'm able to play hotlap all tracks with ultra settings on my ageing CPU/GPU at 2560x1600 I would imagine that the game will run fantastic on a modern machine. Happy to support these developers. They are truely experts.
,Recommended,244210,11823387,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Vel,"A visceral, tactile, authentic experience."
76561198004227573,Recommended,244210,9401628,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,luke9583,All the fun of GTR2 and then some more!  I cannot wait until I can race buddies LAN using occulus rifts.
76561198056627172,Recommended,244210,9403927,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Cool Hands Rooz,Absolute Must have
,Recommended,244210,9404248,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Branflakess,Good racing
76561197995381029,Recommended,244210,9493663,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,vinz_klortho,"I was a bit intimidated moving from GRID/DIRT and even more arcadey drivers to this uber-sim, but it plays great with an XBOX controller and has enough training wheels to help get you going. I soon turned them off and discovered the thrill of seeing how close to the edge I could push the cars. Some are pretty unforgiving, but put yourself in a Lotus to start with and you'll be able to handle it a bit better.Content wise it is fair for the price. I look forward to a career mode and online racing, but until then there's enough to keep me busy. I hope they add some visual damage and other graphical niceties, but they've really focused on what counts."
,Recommended,244210,9589442,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Ranchy,"Assetto Corsa has to be the best racing simulator I've ever played, you can really feel the momentum and aerodynamics of your vehicle, and the tracks have laser scanned features and imperfections, something other ""simulators"" fail to implement. It's endless fun to practice around tracks in the authentic vehicles the game has. It's great to be able to perfect driving skills and have an exhilarating time doing it; you really feel accomplished going around a track in a BMW M3 GT2 at substantial speeds. I'd have to say the best part of Assetto Corsa is that it is always improving with time and that I can see it aging like wine in the future, there is always new content to look forward to. I love this game, I'd highly recommend it, and a racing wheel if you can help it."
,Recommended,244210,9632191,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Motherfucker Jones,good game but the ai definately needs fixing!  they do such stupid things and are really anoying when they just slam into the back of you
,Recommended,244210,9682674,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,austino,"This game. I've played just under 5 hours and am completely in love. Critically, I am proud to announce that this game DEMOLISHES both Forza 5 and Gran Turismo 6, from graphics to (ironically) the game's engine. Oh, and it's still early-access. To think that I considered buying an Xbox One for Forza 5... the thought makes me cringe every time I start up this game. Controversly, due to it's crippling state of early-access, there are alot of things missing from the experience; the AI are buggy, or ""untrained"", and begin to get rowdy on the track. There isn't a carreer mode to free yourself from the bordeom of ""Practice"" mode yet. There is no Multiplayer mode... yet. There aren't even that many cars- and the cars that ARE provided are solely European. Now, for an early-access game with a ""Drift"" mode, may I ask why there are no Japanese cars? However, just like any other early-access game, these are things to be fixed in the near future. For now, just get over yourself and buy the damn game."
,Recommended,244210,9722023,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,RB25DECameron,"I bought this game not long after it came out on steam. I loved it! I spent 12 hours on it in less than 2 weeks. Then an update came (somewhere around 0.72) and the game wouldnt let me go on track from there on after. I dont know if thats my computer, me being an idiot or the game being weird. This is a fantastic game and I would love to recommend it, but because of the runtime error every time i try to go on track it would just take me back to the home screen. Its a shame really, once this is fixed il do an update section on the comment.EDIT/UPDATEIt lives! After days of tweeking and fiddling and smacking my head on my desk repeatedly I managed to find a combonation of settings that my computer would chew and then spit out back at me! Thank you game, one of the best games I have ever played finally works."
76561198131152435,Recommended,244210,9734488,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,davepowell_89,grest so far hopefully some more new stuff coming soon my new wheel does not work with this game but still all good
76561198014087742,Recommended,244210,9631235,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,MacGyver,Luv it
76561198128573412,Recommended,244210,9649237,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,NOG HK,Brilliant !  Works great with seat motion simulators and my Steering Wheel.... Needs to have more street circuits added.. Adding the Macau Street Circuit would be nice..
76561197978831104,Recommended,244210,9734395,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Yeyo,the top sim ever for ppl that like to race... (not bumping on others at the 1st corner...)
,Recommended,244210,11851044,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Duncan,"This is easily the most realistic car simulator I have ever seen/played. It very well may be the most realistic racing sim on the planet. 10/10 Perfect game. Well well worth the money. I bought a Thrustmaster TX racing wheel to play this game.As a side note, I must say that although Assetto Corsa gives you access to almost every control parameter possible, it can still be difficult to get your settings right. The cars can become incredibly hard to handle if you have stability control at 0%, for instance. I assume this is how the cars would act in real life, though, and the preciseness of this game makes you miss the g-forces from real life driving to help you control.Someday, I will get an Oculus Rift and try it out with this game (yes, it supports it). I think it might help a lot to have depth perception.BUY THIS GAME."
,Recommended,244210,11890829,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Shifting Tabs,Reviewing it a 9.9/10GOOD:LEVEL EDITORCOOL CARSAWESOME MAPSMULTIPLAYERBAD:$40.00
76561198044930282,Recommended,244210,11811120,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,What's that Antler?,"Amazing simulator, I need a driving wheel."
76561197993885584,Recommended,244210,11818796,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Tokmak,"Simply put, one of the the best racing sims out there. Dont mistake it with those  generic racing ""games"". This is on par with iracing, rfactor and similar sims.  Even in this early access stage it still offers tons of fun. Great game, amazing price."
,Recommended,244210,11823791,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,iMp | NCJ,"I have played Live for Speed for many years and not many other racing games have pulled me away from it, not even rFactor. However, Assetto Corsa is something else, :)"
,Recommended,244210,12041376,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,BulletproofBrain,"You like sim racing? You have a wheel? Enjoy Forza? Rally? Dirt? Awesome Car Games?Buy this game. Recommend wheel for full appreciation. The force feedback is excellent, the game is highly modular and tweakable; very impressive stuff."
76561198018098248,Recommended,244210,9415940,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,SDDeshazo,"SO FAR THIS GAME IS WICKED SICK AWESOME THE MOST REALISTIC RACING GAME I HAVE EVER PLAYED ,,,,,,"
,Recommended,244210,9712133,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,jonnybuskley,"Very good, was looking for forza motorsport for pc before finding this, its unfinshed but enjoyable,Steering is a little cumbersome and takes a while getting used to if your used to playing other racing games,Overall, 7.5 out of 10"
,Recommended,244210,9745459,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,verbatim (HD),This is a beta game.  It's not done.  But -- if you want a fun way to spin around a race track... this is hard to beat.  The driviing experience hits that perfect balance of realism plus feeling good and being playable.I'd recommend picking this up on sale if you want something fun to drive around in for a bit.  Probably consider waiting until it's done if you aren't a driving game enthusiast to see how it pans out.
76561198115734745,Recommended,244210,9909094,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,guidofoc,"For those who don't have a wheel, I suggest to start by using the mouse (speed 0.50), and start with the Formula Tatuus Abarth at Nurburgring. You will immediately appreciate how good this simulator is, and the great feeling you get from the car. After that, slowly try out other cars (I love the Ferrari 458 S3). I have tried the XBox controller, too, but the mouse is much more accurate. Of course, now I'm buying a wheel! The feeling i get by driving, even only with a mouse, is amazing. Absolutely a must-have for PC racers."
,Recommended,244210,9407388,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,spuds,♥♥♥♥ off grand turismo and forza. pc doesnt need u guys.
76561198079477146,Recommended,244210,9505523,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Kieron,Overall I enjoy the game and it has brilliant driving physics but I can not afford a steering wheel. People that have a steering wheel will have a big advantage over people who have to use controllers or the keyboard in this game. It is also very annoying that you can not set a clutch axis on a controller and puts you at a great disadvantage to anyone who has a wheel and pedals because of how poor the auto clutch is.
,Recommended,244210,9510520,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,R16RACA,"Nice Game so far, works well with the G27 once you figure out how to make it work with logitech profiler.Has a few bugs at the moment but that is to be expected.Maybe a tad pricey for the amount of game you can currently acess, but worth buying on sale"
76561197987205623,Recommended,244210,9628795,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,leesansom123,love the game... However it is in desperate need of a drift tutorial. I've spent hour trying to master it but can't. If anyone has any tips fell free to PM me.
,Recommended,244210,11814479,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Antoine,Awesome game can't wait till it comes out
76561198075173591,Recommended,244210,11821984,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Lazmodan,SUPERB!!!
,Not Recommended,244210,18075321,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,๖ۣۜДlbeят Mшцgдъї,"I wish i could give out stars out of 5 or 10, or even a ""neutral"" instead of just thumb up or thumb down.I bought the game when it was still in alpha and since then the game has come a long way. With fine tuning the car physics and adding new content and features along the way. Other then the important physics related improvements, the switch to fmod the and implementing of yebis2 post-processing engine was very nice. The attention to details in the cars is amazing, is it because Kunos is Italian?, the first time i drove the Lotus 49 and seeing the drive shafts spinning and following the suspension was cool. And of course the use of laser scanned content help the detail and quality.It's very nice to see a game come out in this day and age where games otherwise are heavily locked and DLC dependent to have such a big and talented modding community. In the beginning there were many rFactor converted tracks and cars but over time there were just more and more original content created for AC or the conversion were being worked on the AC standards. Sure there is a DLC for AC and there will be another one shortly, but with the first one containing a laser scanned nordshelife, i think it's worth every €.The game works really well with a steering wheel or even a controller, i use a Dualshock 3 when I don't play with a wheel. I would not recommend using the keyboard for this kind of game, it just doesn't work.My absolutely biggest problem with the game is setting things up, whether it be my inputs methods, racing offline or online. There just isn't enough options for me to be happy. For instance, input menu, i have 15 options that i can bind keys or buttons to. In GTR2 which are a 9 year old game, there are almost 70 of them. It feels like AC is a port from a console game where you can change almost nothing. Many buttons are even hard coded into the game or you have to find the right hex number for that key and insert it in the right CFG file which is a joke.The good:High quality content, most is laser scanned so it's accurateIn my opinion really nice physics, it feels ""right"" if that makes senseThe looks, this is highly personal and in a simulator it shouldn't matter to much, but AC looks very goodModding, a game, especially a simulator often dies quickly without modding, and judging by the quality and quantity of mods available AC will have a long lifeThe not so good:Multiplayer, i still think AC lacks in multiplayer, more options when setting up server would be niceServer browser, too few options when filtering serversFew setup options available in the game when doing offline racing compared to other gamesHardcoded keyboard binds/few keybinding optionsNo weather (i.e rain) other then changing the sky and fogNo day-night time cycleTL;DR:The driving feels really nice and the graphics looks amazing and even more so with some tweaking to the ""post-processing effects"". But there isn't much more than that, it's kinda ""meh"" and sometimes after I've been driving other simulators this really do feel like ""Hotlap simulator 2015"".If you like me are out to find a true successor to the likes of GTR2 or rFactor, this is partially it, the driving feels nice, the modding community is there, but other then that it falls short.Don't get me wrong, i don't hate AC, i love just going around the nordschleife tourist online and doing laps offline, but as a whole package, it just isn't cutting it for me."
,Recommended,244210,8996675,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,SSgt. Veld [29ID],"A excellent driving simulator that started out with a handful of cars with now almost a full car park, more tracks, and now AI race shave been enabled! If you love racing, this is one to have on the pc!"
76561198300028304,Recommended,244210,31313177,Posted: 22 April,all,lyuboo,"Hi everyone, I finally got a feeling to share my opinion on this game on my birthday today. I have been on the simulation racing games all my life, and as years went by simulations got a better and better.But long story short - I am playing only this game now.I like the sounds, as they seem very authentic , as this is not the case with most simulations.The most realistic handling I've experienced, as well the right feel for speed flow.Point of view is superb, road bumps are correctly transferred to the chassis.Laser scanned tracks help this, I guess.Anyway - this game gives you the thrill that you're looking for.So, turn off the traction control and let it rip.Have fun!!!"
,Recommended,244210,8144331,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,$TEAMEDWARLOCK,verry good game but seems to close when i run playclaw 5 when i want to record
,Recommended,244210,9377231,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Limey21,"Fantastic, even with a 360 controller."
76561198119008283,Recommended,244210,23968419,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Skankhunt42,"Just played around for a few minutes now and the first impressions are very nice. Car handling feels good with Xbox 360 controller. Assetto Corsa is not a racing arcade, it wants to be a simulation. To adress this, the game is highly customizable. Still, it is fun to play just a single race on standard settings.Edit: Assetto Corsa is a lot of fun. The Nordschleife, which comes as DLC, is a blast. I can only recommend it!Edit: 53 hours in. Without Assetto Corsa my life would be less enjoyable. ;)"
,Recommended,244210,34091713,Posted: 7 August,all,Foxtrot_Uniform_Kilo_0000,"Had a rough time play this before I got my controller, the graphics are nice but I may not play it again unless I get a streering wheel USB thingy"
,Recommended,244210,20065008,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Nick Hill,"Somehow I can't quite believe I've driven that many hours in this game - I feel like I must've left it running overnight by mistake. The car handling is best-in-class; seriously, this does the job brilliantly. Unfortunately, a racing game must present well and have competent AI. Assetto Corsa has a confusing and fragmented menu system and weak AI that bows to your every whim. This makes it a game for the budding time-trial enthusiasts, not one for the racers."
76561198350915844,Recommended,244210,33869449,Posted: 28 July,all,shannond650,Love this game in vr...at first I thought it didn't work but the vr side of things only work when you actually start the race... options menu is all done on the desktop...I can crank the visuals right up on this game looks beautiful
,Recommended,244210,20109641,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Bobijoe,"OK, this is a real sim game !Nothing like Project cars where physics and drift was buggy...Here you can feel the car and play drift or race without carrying about how to configure FFB.Everything works perfect."
76561198050872791,Recommended,244210,20150415,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Powderking,Great racing simulator. Good physics and still fun to drive.
,Recommended,244210,20915792,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,fabrizio_T,"About 20 years already spent on racing games: some were quite good: GTR1/2, GT Legends, Live for Speed, Richard Burns Rally.A few were special and unique (at their time): i mean Grand Prix 2, Grand Prix Legends / Nascar 4 among others.Assetto corsa is quite close to match them today.It features great physics, good FFB and an overall extremely rewarding driving experience.Sure AI has issues, it's weak and perfectible on some track / car combos.This should be improved.Hotlapping is great though.Despite some constraints and some problems with collisions Multiplayer is quite satisfying too.There's definetely room for improvements and added features (i'd like to see weather changes, night racing, custom championships and fully customizable events).Other that that i have to recommend Assetto Corsa already to anybody loving sim-driving."
,Recommended,244210,19694007,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,青,Bloody amazing game! I simply enjoy the variety of mods that can be incorporated into the game. The multiplayer aspect of the game currently is quite a pain but it is still an early game so we can only hope that more is put into the multiplayer aspect of the game. The physics and sounds of the cars are simply delightful and can keep you entertained for hours on end. Setting up a server was very easy and has a brilliant interface. Overall very enjoyable online and offline. I have to admit I would like to see more cars and tracks which I would imagine we will see in the near future.Overall a very remarkable racing simulator.
76561197970103344,Recommended,244210,20151206,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,DAD HAMMER,"Fantastic.I've been waiting for a driving / racing game like this for a long long time, it may not be perfect but for someone who loves to enjoy cars for the experience of driving them alone, this really ticks all the boxes for me.Spending hours just driving round tracks beating my own lap time, drifting or just messing about never gets old.I use a g25 logitech with full H shifter and pedal set, you'd be insane to try to use anything less then that setup.The FFB is very good, however on some tracks / cars it doesnt feel as good as others, not BAD but just not uber realistic, just a bit too stiff.Track and car selection, again, brilliant but you get a feeling that the Devs only included personal faves rather then thinking what the public would want (the odd muscle car here and there? no the Cobra doesnt count as it actually handles). But again, really cannot complain as the level of detail on each vehicle is fantastic.The audio is very very sweet and crisp, some argue its perfect and true to life, others say it sounds a bit fake and compare it to other popular games like NFS games and project cars, which are arguably enhanced for brownie points.Now, online racing as far as actual proper races go (not just time attacks) are left a bit to be desired, every race there will be at least one player who will just revert to trolling if they cant win and start ramming you off the track etc. I have literally not found a server where this has not happened, this is probably due to no real penalty other then being kicked.For racing alone I'd stick to Iracing,but for just driving and enjoying tracks, setting personal bests etc this game is my first choice.10/10/10/10."
,Recommended,244210,20223805,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,0x000000A6,"Assetto Corsa is setting a new Milestone in the Simulation Genre with good Graphics. For really enjoying it, you definitely need a Steering Wheel with Force Feedback.Pros:+ Open to Modding+ Laserscanned Tracks and great Detail on the cars+ Realism+ Good Support in the official Forums+ Good Setup Management for the Cars+ Constant Updates with free stuff and DLCCons:- Lacks some graphics details when it comes to environment - but that is not a huge problem because you dont have time to enjoy the view.- If you are a beginner, you may get frustrated til you get the hang on it.- Without a wheel or at least a gamepad, don't even think about buying this game because you will not have any fun with a keyboard.- Hard to find real flaws here :)Long-Term update:Constant patching of the physics-engine and other stuff. Thumbs up. You can have fun for hours without the optional DLCs. They mainly bring new Content for those who love specific cars or tracks or mastered all the other and need new stuff to handle :)"
,Recommended,244210,20249719,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,DeEpeE,Amazing game
,Recommended,244210,10406547,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,[BSB] Rhym3z,"Simply the best looking and most realistic racing sim i've ever played, and mutiplayer is awesome!"
76561198113771458,Recommended,244210,19711446,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,VROOM!,"I own a few racing sims, and Assetto Corsa still remains my number one.The physics, graphics and FFB are, to me second to none.I have some misgivings regarding the multiplayer side of the game, at this point of the games development I would have hoped to have seen greater strides in improving this extremely important side of things...That said, I've read a few reviews stating that this is nothing more than a hot-lapping sim, though they are entitled to their opinion, this really couldn't be further from the truth. There are many excellent AC racing leagues online that race clean, fair races and are always looking for new talent to race with. The AI have shown great improvements over the last couple of updates, and though it isn't yet perfect, you can now enjoy some excellent AI racing.I have no hesitation in recommending this game as is,  and I am looking forward to the ongoing improvements which, if implemented correctly, could make this sim supreme in the sim racing market.......in my opinion."
,Recommended,244210,19989450,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Dargie070,Best sim I've tried in my time.
,Recommended,244210,20124544,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Anakoryzen,"A great game that runs extremely well on my low-end Athlon X4 BE that leans on a heavily overclocked Radeon 270X.Running a mix of ultra/high settings with vsync but without post processing.I'm a bit sceptical about getting even more ""dreampack"" DLC's before they actually add more Le Mans and more Formula One. As it is right now there's no downfall and you can't drive at night. 8am to 6pm isn't nearly enough for someone looking for the complete experience (or in my case, someone who love Le Mans.)As a passtime I find Assetto Corsa great, but for someone who wants to sink a lot of time into just one title--this falls short.No amount of DLC cars and tracks can mask the fact that the game is inherently lacking content on a basic level.If you like sim racing and want something very specific (Lotus 98T on Imola was my reason) I recommend this title. Otherwise I would wait for content patching that doesn't assault your wallet."
,Recommended,244210,20157099,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Linx,Impressively good sim.  Horrible UI.
76561198244549396,Recommended,244210,21119207,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,kilroy3022,"As a huge racing simulator fan I think this is definitely the best simulator on pc. The modding comunity is fairly active and there are some interesting, but limited amounts of cars available. That being said, the game is still very basic. The car choice in this game, as well as all sims on pc that I've seen are very limited. In the future I'd like to see more car choices, especially regular cars. I've always thought one of the best parts of a bigger game such as Forza was the ability to race real, everyday cars one might actually own against your friends. Overall the game is great and I've spent hours enjoying it but I'd like to see it become bigger and have more car options"
,Recommended,244210,19531142,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,o Lemurs,"Ive been playing this game for a while, and all i have to say is its probably the best driving simulator i have ever played. the graphics are great, and the community is great too. The dlc isn't worth because there is a huge modding community and most of the cars that i would want, are downloadable mods. there are alot of good tracks that are mods for free. i would reccomend this game to anyone that has a racing wheel and wants to have some good fun (I also reccomend drifting servers)"
,Recommended,244210,19705101,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,RBar91,"Simulation experiance is improving, graphics are good, can be a RAM hog. 9/10 would buy again"
,Recommended,244210,19706968,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,djfil007,"Best modern mod friendly sim racing platform out there.  The other thing to know, this isn't a title where 2 years later we'll see Assetto Corsa 2... this is a long term, ever evolving project for Kunos.  Well worth buying now, you'll be still playing this for a long time to come."
,Recommended,244210,20145431,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Broodjekroket,the car sounds are on point steering feels really good the best of all racing games actually i play on the g25i would love to see a alfa romeo montreal in this game!
,Not Recommended,244210,20154451,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Gibbsman,"Meh. Assetto Corsa was near the top of my list while in development. I thought the physics were top notch and the tracks were amazing. Sadly that's where AC's amazing features end.The game is great if you just like hot laps. Otherwise it's pretty meh. Clunky interface, limited cars, horrible AI, horrible multiplayer and pathetic career.Get Project Cars for a better PC racing experience."
76561198073434984,Recommended,244210,20273182,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Saivetz,"Probably the best racing Sim on the market. In terms of physics, out of all the sims I have played, this is second to none. From the suspension, to tyre simulation. All cars feel unique to drive and handle as they should, the feedback from the road to the wheel is immense, realistic and completely immersive, it's as if you can feel every bump in the road. The base game however is very barebones and in my opinion a little lackluster when compared to games such as Gran Turismo and Forza. I understand that this is due to the game being developed with modding in mind. Yet I still feel a little underwhelmed with the lack official cars and tracks and addition of an incredibly simplistic Career. That being said the community behind this game is incredible as the amount of fan created vehicles and tracks are astounding. The forums are active with members eager to help other players with anything and that is a nice thing to have. Personally however I have not tried the online component of the game since that really isn't my thing, however after some research for this review I understand that it works well and is filled with freindly people who prefer to race fairly and clean. Overall I really like this game, it's fun to boot up every now and then and do a couple of laps. If you are looking for a sim to practice, with arguably the best physics currently out there in my opinion then I would definitely reccomend purchasing this."
,Recommended,244210,21008502,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,RyoHongo,gotta go fast XD
76561198120671512,Recommended,244210,19107737,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Major_Mango,Best racing game ever could improve on car lait but alao fantastic mods 9/10
,Recommended,244210,20979959,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Patrick Doyle,"Assetto Corsa is one of the greatest racing sim that i have played throughout my lifetime, both the drifting and grip racing communitys are great and both are backed up with great modders"
76561198085683438,Not Recommended,244210,20196656,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,danfitz123,Game doesn't work. After setting up your race it says loading and then just goes back to the same menu.
76561197960405504,Recommended,244210,20432142,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Martin G Webb,"If you're looking for a 'Pay Up Front' motor racing simulator, then look no further.The level of detail will appear daunting at first but once you've got into it, it is sublime. The sound, the feel it's all there in shed loads."
76561198058884359,Recommended,244210,21002579,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Llmekk98,"Mint game in every way, Deffo buy it if you have a racing wheel otherwise its harder and not as good of experience on keyboard!"
76561198088589669,Recommended,244210,20637467,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,felipefortyfour,"I was really on the fence whether to buy this game or not.  Let me tell you that buying this game was a great choice for me!  It has great graphics and the force feedback is awesome!  It does take some time to adjust the settings for graphics and your racing wheel but once you do it runs like a charm.  (visitracedepartment.comif you need help setting up your settings)  I can't recommend this game enough if you are looking for a racing simulator/game.  Definately add this to your collection, you won't be dissappointed!"
,Recommended,244210,20924272,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Hi welcome to Chili's,"I just recently got the game and it's GREAT! A list of pros and consPros:Great ffb physicsawesome damage realismrealistic in generalone of the best racing simsgood selection of carscons:most servers use dlcneed dlc for maximum gameplayother than that, the game is superb. Gaben approved!"
,Recommended,244210,10390923,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,kahlil,This will be the best racing sim to date.  I can hardly wait for the final product. If you buy into this project you with be a very happy camper...Update: Since first review there has been much improvement and added content. This shines with proper controlls. I salute the Dev team great job....
,Recommended,244210,35458996,Posted: 3 October,all,Whitey,Best racing game on steam.
,Recommended,244210,8131130,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,M5X,Best SIM I've played hands down...And from here it's only gonna get better!!! :D
76561197985797489,Recommended,244210,9834493,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Bandred,"This is the first time I have been impressed enough to write a review, particularly one about an early access 'game'.  I'm not an avid racing sim enthusiast, but the overall quality of the current offering is something one can't easily ignore.  The interface is  excceptional, and the racing includes cars that actaually feel as though they have mass and individuality.Not the best review, but one I hope will at least influence you to check it out for yourseklf"
,Not Recommended,244210,16574001,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Knifey,"Save up and get Project Cars instead.I can only recommend this game if you REALLY like the cars that are in it. As Project cars is far more polished, and has alot more content. (and a bigger playerbase too)"
76561198004618234,Not Recommended,244210,14881293,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Dj - SmiRnoFf,"Bon, je vous donne un avis de début de jeu. Pour l'instant j'ai été jusqu'en AT1 en carrière.Déjà, jusqu'à ce que je comprenne comment il fonctionne....Parce que j'ai essayé au clavier, puis à la manette, puis avec mon Driving Force GT.Un pote a un G25 et il n'arrive pas à le paramétrer. Moi de mon coté je me dis que j'ai l'habitude, donc essayons.Au volant je ne sais pas encore car je me suis arrêté à la manette.Mais pourquoi s'embêter à créer un profil ""Razer Sabertooth 360"" pour qu'il ne fonctionne jamais? Pourquoi Mrs les Dévs????En N1 avec la Giulietta je n'arrivais même pas à dépasser le premier checkpoint.... après des heures de paramétrages infructueux, je me dis ""Et puis♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ je prend la config de base manette 360"".. Et là, miracle!! Ca marche!! La manette répond et j'enchaine les Checkpoint....Bon ensuite. Le jeu est beau. Tout au niveau du sol je trouve super, le bruit des voitures est superbe et la conduite (du moins avec cette manette, l'épreuve du feu sera mon volant) est fun.En revanche... en 1080P tout au max, ce n'est pas cette merveille tant promise et tant annoncée!Sur le circuit du Nurbugring, les textures bougent et saccadent ce qui donne une horrible sensation de vitesse. En plus quand je regarde au loin en ligne droite et que je vois tout bouger ça me fait pas vraiment du bien.Au niveau du jeu en lui même, quelques remarques.On peu choisir une tonne d'informations à placer sur l'écran, on peu bidouiller la voiture à souhaits, on peut tout faire!!!MAIS POURQUOI ON NE PEU PAS ALLER DANS LES OPTIONS DEPUIS UNE COURSE????????????????????????????????Pendant une course vous vous dites: ""hmm.. je baisserais bien un chouilla le volume ou je reglerais bien un petit peu mon volant"".Mais vous ne pouvez pas! Faut quitter la course, revenir dans le menu, faire ses paramétres et tout recommencer! BRAVO!Maintenant le mode carrière.Ce n'est que mon avis personnel, mais je m'ennuie!J'ai l'impression que ce jeu est fait pour les purs passionnés de voiture qui aiment conduire seulement avec le bruit du moteurJ'avoue c'est top, mais au bout de 10 min de course seul en tête avec rien d'autre!!! Franchement c'est horrible!Ils auraient au moins pu faire des gradins avec du monde qui crie quand tu passes, ou un commentateur sur le circuit je ne sais pas!Ca manque d'ambiance, c'est très très très dommage!!!Les circuits, toujours sur les mêmes circuits : imola, Nurbugring, Monza, Mugello, SPA, Silverstone, vallelunga. Vous voulez le mythique Nurbugring 20Km? 15€ tiens!Donc quand on commence un nouveau Tier et qu'on se tappe encore les mêmes circuits, 6 tours à chaque fois....Les penalités tiens!Si je coupe un virage et que je double quelqu'un je comprend que je puisses être pénalisé.Je joue à F1 2014 en conditions réelles et c'est moins relou que là.Sur AS, quand on loupe un virage on fini souvent sur les graviers ou avec la voiture qui perd complètement de l'adhérence. C'est déjà une pénalité! Mais quand il faut en plus ralentir exactement à moins de 35 Km/h sur la piste... sérieux quoi!!!Le pire c'est quand ils disent de freiner et que ça ne marche pas. J'ai complétement raté la première chicane à Monza en AT1. J'étais premier avec 8 secs d'avance sur le 2eme au dernier tour.On me dit ""ralentissez, penalité"".J'arrête carrément la voiture et je met la marche arrière. Le message ne part pas. On me double et quand je passe la ligne, disqualifié, 10eme !!! Délire !Pas de personnalisation de la voiture? Pas le moindre changement de couleur!?Pas une petite création d'écurie ou un sticker à mettre sur le casque du pilote?C'est juste incroyable qu'un jeu sorte en 2015 avec moins d'ptions de personnalisation qu'un Gran Turismo 2 sorti en 1999 (d'ailleurs, aucun jeu n'arrive aux pieds de GT2 en terme de personnalisation).Donc voilà. Le jeu coûte 45€ + 15€ de pack et Project Cars lui est à 50€ (pour l'instant).Project Cars a été repoussé à la mi-mai certes, mais si j'ai un conseil à vous donner: ATTENDEZ PROJECT CARSAttendez et regardez les vidéos de gameplay pour vous forger une idée.Car j'adore les jeux de course et je suis très deçu d'Assetto Corsa.Assetto Corsa pour moi c'est un GTR Evolution / Race 07, mais graphiquement amélioré, des voitures neuves et des très beaux bruitages. C'est tout.C'est triste à dire, mais je ne pense pas qu'il arrivera à me faire décrocher de F1 2014, Dirt 2 ou GRID."
,Recommended,244210,13673552,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Java Awp,"Simple: This racing simulator makes me feel that I own a Ferrari and I suck at driving it. I can take a car selfie WITH FILTERS AS WELL! :D :DThe most realistic, beautiful and difficult racing simulator available today! The game has improved significantly since its release in early access. I only see greater improvements and greater introductions of epic supercars. 9/10. A must buy.Online Multiplayer system is good compared to other racing games. Many car specifications and modifications are available for professional racers as well."
,Not Recommended,244210,17729130,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Minameisjake,"What a massive pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥this game really is.This game is constantly broken, and when i seem to fix it some how, it then breaks in a diferent way.After finaly givng up on trying to make the game START on Windows 10 (as well as other games not working and the whole 'Microsoft sees everything incase your a terrorist' thing) i went to 8.1 adn the game worked once, letting me drive the newley added GT86.Came to it today to hopefully finaly make a video on it, and i cant load any cars or tracks and it said some sort of .ini file was missing, after some digging around and finding ♥♥♥♥ all support and the forum being useless i decided to download a mod car to see if i could find the missing file in that. Guess what i found. The whole 'Data' folder in all of my default car folders is missing.ARE YOU KIDDINGEven better, in trying to fix it, i have verified the cache in steam, completely reinstalled the game, deleted all the tracks and cars, verified it again and let it redown the tracks and cars through that and the 'Data' folder still is not there.I would ask for a refund but due to the purchase date and how long steam thinks i have played i can't steam thinks i have played the game for 6.6 hours when in reality, its only about hour, maybe a little more, and the reason it took so long for me to play the game was because i spent so long trying to make the game start on windows 10!Dont buy this game, should still be early access, and it would be one of the poor ones at that."
,Not Recommended,244210,17651323,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Gandalf The Black,"no, just no"
76561198070497569,Not Recommended,244210,19712409,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,TheEffectTheCause,"Overall the driving is good, everything else is not good enough, no where near enough cars or tracks, the car list genuinely looks empty, the dlc is alredy mentioned in the list also,. Feels alot like this game has succumb to cash issues or just plain Boundry pushing devs when it comes to the margin between a finished game and DLC time, A.K.A operation cash rake (although everyones doing it these days)"
,Recommended,244210,13679983,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,BurningPenguinz,"The perfect simulation to kill the time until Project Cars finally releases.The game feels very realistic but at some points still unfinished. The AI makes even at the highest levels certain mistakes what concerns the breaking points and the interaction with the player himself.But it makes a hell lot of fun and the little ""errors"" the game has dont decrease the game experience and enjoyment.Grab it!"
,Not Recommended,244210,25090975,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Craig,"The little bit I've played has been amazing... but there is absolutely no reason a game that supports Xbox controller inputs won't let you use the controller in their menus...You literally have to walk to your computer to manually start races between races or even to scroll through the pause menu. The input's already there... just allow it to navigate menus!I do not recommend this for controller people for that reason.Given that they said they'd be working on this in 2013, I gave this a negative review:http://steamcommunity.com/app/244210/discussions/0/666825525106158137/... and then disregarded more complaints in 2015...https://steamcommunity.com/app/244210/discussions/0/492379159717320215/... and even more complaints...http://steamcommunity.com/app/244210/discussions/0/46476145623035468/https://steamcommunity.com/app/244210/discussions/0/598198356169749509/I'll change my review to recommended if they fix this issue.If you're a keyboard / mouse and Wheel guy, then this will work great for you.Game plays amazing.NOTE: Before you Flame me, I like OPTIONS. Sometimes I mouse / keyboard or Wheel at my computer... other times I use my controller on my couch... depending on the mood I'm in."
,Not Recommended,244210,19746097,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,EyeOfRa,"Its not good enough by supporting these games before they are fully released, they also want you to pay vast amounts more on DLC packs.I am getting tired of a promise of a game, only to be stung later just because i want to drive a different car around a different track, No i have to pay extra for that priveledge.Why cant we just buy a game anymore without all these extrasI thought this game had promise, thats why i invested in the development of it.Now if i want to drive around another track i have to pay another £10 ...NO THANKS !!"
76561197970194866,Not Recommended,244210,14855985,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Atmospherocephalic,"I really thought this was going to be good, bought it early access, awaited every update with anticipation.  Then 1.0 came and went, no nordschlief full course, no integrated skin customization, still feels like my tires start two inches in the ground, extreme audio glitches, and minor physics glitches.Then Dream Pack DLC comes out... theres all the stuff we teased you with that was ""coming soon"".  Turns out they would like $15 more of my money...All this coupled with cars that have no... i don't know what to call it... feel i guess.  I can't feel the road change under my car, i can't feel the g forces in the corners, none of the visual effects in this game give me any sensation that i'm driving a car, in any of the views.I really wanted to like this game, but unfortunately I cannot recommend buying it for all the flawsAfter some more updates, they're at 1.6.1 or something like that, this game has become completely unplayable.  I cannot load any car on any track, it just crashes to the front ui, and many of the cars that came with the game have no preview thumbnail.Hopefully it at least uninstalls okay and I won't have to look at this garbage title at the top of my steam library."
,Not Recommended,244210,14882786,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Hexie,"Assetto CorsaI expected a lot about this game, the sheer number of positive reviews is astonishing, the high ratings from magazines, so much positivity, but I was kind of sad when I bought the game + the dream pack DLC and I booted it up to get my own impression.There is a lot to say about this game and I have a lot of negativity to report. First of all, the launcher. As my desktop runs in the 4K resolution, it starts in 4K as well. There is no way I can lower it for the launcher at all, it just keeps running in 4K. Thats okay, it kind of adapts to the resolution, but a small portion of the screen is used, a lot of wasted space. Also, I cant seem to get it running windowed, it just MUST stay in the desktop resolution. Okay, I can look beyond that, although the launcher runs very sluggish. And when I witnessed the first launcher crash, I thought 'oh dear, I hope its just a one-time only crash.'. Unfortunately I was wrong there, the launcher crashes often.So I'm gonna do a practice round, with any car, I want to see the enviroments, testing it out, getting a taste of the in-game atmosphere. Monza '66. Sounds good, lets see what its all about. I'm taking the old alfa romeo out for a spin. It loads up, ofcourse not windowed and in 4K. I specifically said that it had to run windowed, but it doesnt. Okay fine, lets see what you got then. I'm happy to report that the game itself runs smoothly in high settings on 4K resolution. Its running between 50 and 60 fps on my rig. Thats very smooth in my opinion, well done, thats a good start. The car handles well, the sound is great and the Xbox 360 controller does its work well.So far so good! Now for a lower speed lap and look around a bit. Well what can I say .. Everything looks very static. The cardboard crowd, theres no breeze through grass and/or trees. Nothing lives in the game, except for the pit guy .. well he just keep standing there with his sign in his hand. It feels as lively as Race 07, an old SimBin racing/simulation game, but with slightly upgraded graphics (not much!). Also somewhere on the track, the road splits up, which makes me think 'Oh, the next round I try the other road, this can be fun!'. So I do that, at high speed I enter the other road and my car slams into an invisible wall. Yeah .. very realistic. Then dont give me the frikkin' option to enter thatroad!Okay nevermind, lets play the Nordschleife touristenfahrt, my buddy was all excited about it, yeah its laser scanned! Whatever that means. I thought .. oh its scanned, it must be VERY accurate and the graphics must be top notch then. I'm disappointed to say, it doesnt gets me woo'ed and excited. Again, nothing lives in the game, okay that ofcourse does the framerate very well, but the enviroment is all stiff and dead. First thing I try, is taking a blocked off entry gate to the green hell. Theres a wooden barrier blocking my way. No match for my sportscar! So I run into it .. BAM! The car is damaged, bounces off, the barrier stays up. Wow. Amazing physics, yeah in the real world, that would happen too huh ? Surely, they would see you like a prick in the real world, taking the wrong gate thats blocked off, but I'm very sure the barrier would break or fall over.Again the car and controls handle very well, but thats where the good stuff ends. The rest of the game is mediocre and feels old. Real world physics are non-existent. Theres no change in weather. There isnt a single breeze. Its like the nuclear holocaust has happened and everybody and everything was frozen in time.Theres a railway track next to the drag race enviroment. I havent seen a single train there. Its dead as anywhere else in the game. I have no idea how this game got past version 1.0. It surely still feels like a beta. Running into the end of the track does 'BOINK' again, no bits fly off the car, everything stays on, there is no damage model, I ran into the wall with 250+ km/h, nothing broke off the car, except for the textures that look dirty and wrickled a bit.Fine fine, its all fine, lets do an online game with my friend. Lets start a custom game! Just us on the Nordschleife touristenfahrt, good idea, lets do that. Its impossible to start your own session. You must  have a dedicated server for it, and you cant start your own online session. Okay, whatever, lets join a server then. Ofcourse we both picked a car thats not on the servers car list. Sorry, doesnt work. You have to use one of the listed cars or you cant enter. Really .. this game .. it doesnt make me happy. In the end, racing together was fun however, you just have fun anyhow when you're on voice and chatting about it. Just those launcher crashes ..So the conclusion ..I dont understand any of all the exciting positive reviews. This game feels mediocre. Definately NOT worth the amount of money they ask for it. You still have to have a gaming console for the best simulation game, like an Xbox with Forza, even that lives more in-game. It must be the lack of good, decent, racing simulation games on the PC that makes everyone so super excited about it. I'm disappointed. It doesnt add up to my expectations. Try again and back to the designing board.Pros:+ Runs smooth+ Good car handling+ Good car soundsCons:- Lack of number of cars to choose from- Enviroment is static and dead, no physics there- Multiplayer custom online games are a huge hassle- Launcher crashes on and on- No weather changes or windMy PC:Intel Core i7 @ 4 Ghz, 12GB DDR3-1600 RAM, 256GB SSD, 2TB Hybrid disk, GeForce GTX970 OC 4GB, Iiyama Ultra-HD monitor @ 4K 60Hz."
76561198101642459,Not Recommended,244210,30155362,Posted: 24 February,all,MotoMan23,Everytime I try to start a game or go and drive car it says loading but then takes me back to main menu.  Getting very annoyed and just bought the game.
,Recommended,244210,13774382,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,celox,"Kunos are really doing a good job on this title, it feels more and more solid for every update. Even tho there are a few basic stuff missing, like flags and server management, this is an awesome sim!"
,Not Recommended,244210,19503166,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Megiddo,I bought this game for the realism and multiplayer. The multiplayer is not good because it feels like you just keep driving in an infinite track. There is no sense of achievement in this game.
,Not Recommended,244210,18085002,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,MANGO,dds
,Not Recommended,244210,19348513,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Lord Shurik,"I have only 22 minutes on record, and I even asked Steam to refund the money i gave for the game...It wasn't like I expected to be. Very hard unrealistic control (played with Logitech G27). I have only 22 minutes on game, that's why I can't say no more about the game. On the all videos the game looks insane with nice graphics nice engine, everything, but before buy i recommend to download & play the game ""pirate"" and see if you like it and even then buy it."
76561198147681572,Recommended,244210,14402792,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,stuvlin,"Best racing sim hands down, well done. Keep the updates coming!"
,Not Recommended,244210,19556542,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Hitler Did Nothing Wrong,"Worst AI in any racing game everI literally have a video of an AI pit maneuvering me because it wouldn't alter its preset line because the AI in this game just has like 3 preset lines for each track that aren't even interchangable they just ram you if you are in their way (which you should be because their preset lines are racing lines)tl;dr if you take the correct line you get thrown into the wall by an AI with a better car than you and if you take the incorrect line you loose because the AI have better cars than you.Apart from that great simulator just♥♥♥♥♥♥everything else besides the physics and cars, glad I got it on sale ♥♥♥♥ paying full price"
76561197970748815,Recommended,244210,16752241,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,gcx,"Do you like sim racing? You have a good racing wheel (G27)? You can run this at 60fps?If you answered ""yes"" to all those questions, you need Assetto Corsa.There's no need to explain, stop thinking, just buy it and enjoy."
,Not Recommended,244210,15116374,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Tachyon,"I'd stay away from this game if you are here for Oculus Rift support. The game seems awesome when it works, but there are too many missing features and crashes in VR mode to recommend this one."
76561197961627709,Recommended,244210,17371211,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,junk,"Wish I be more younger and have more time to play this fantastic and well developed simulator. This is truly a gem, a masterpiece of the genre, created with passion by the genius Stefano Casilla.As a hardcore sim racer in the past and a car enthusiast, this simulator can achieve a good mix between a friendly interface, good graphics, realistic cars including dream cars like the Bmw E30 M3, beast machines like the McLaren P1 or unique touring cars legends like the MB 190 Evo, realistic tracks with lot of detail and avoiding too much complexity in the configuration department and maybe the most relevant aspect: wonderful physics. Of course you can go deep and add mods, change whatever setting you want and finally destroy the simulator (joking). In the past i have a great time messing with my games but now i just wanna have fun and a good sensation with my humble computer and my logitech steering controller.What is very welcome is that Kunos keep the game updated, with many DLC and also there's a great community behind if you want to makes things more interesting.My computer is not so powerful but i'm impressed with the performance achieved (Samsung Laptop, Intel i5, Nvidia Gt 630 and 6 gb RAM).Totally recommended for harcore sim racers!Arcade racing fans beware: this is not Need or Speed or Forza, real driving skill required!"
,Recommended,244210,18816888,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Fusedon,"Best sim ever I have had!Still can be better, but already worth paying and you would like it too :-)"
76561198051105224,Recommended,244210,16745849,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,imbajoe,"believe the hype !   top game  , looks sweet , cars handle perfectly , great wheel support   ,  menus are nice   - annoying how it loads a new session each race but apart for that  top game+1 for nordschleife"
,Recommended,244210,16607792,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,UberSwe.com,"Blog Post|YouTube VideoI love that there are finally some games for the PC that are starting to rival my favorite racing game, Forza. Assetto corsa feels real when driving and is rumored to be amazing with a steering wheel. The developers have put a lot of work into the physics of the game and force feedback for steering wheels in order to make the game as good as possible.I start my career with one of the slowest and most basic cars where you go through different champoinships and races in order to earn money to start a career in racing. The better you do the easier it will be to progress to the next championship and purchase better cars. The cars look really good, very realistic even on the inside.For my first race I do a time trial, the controls feel a bit sensitive as I am using my xbox controller but this is good, this is the way the game should be. I had to take my turns carefully, turning the steering wheel will definitely lead to understeer as expected. This is not an arcade game, this is a realistic racing simulator.My only complaint is the UI and believe me, it is not a big complaint, but it does feel a bit unfinished when I am in the service depot for example, the red/black/gray layout is fine but it feels like something that was made for the early access version of the game. I think that this is something that can be improved.I definitely recommend buying this game, however the $50 price tag may be a bit high for some and I do recommend getting it while it is on sale as I did."
,Recommended,244210,17591320,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Fluf,"First off, this game is HARD. Drifting is (to me) pretty much impossible. You NEED traction control if you don't want to spin out. But, if you want a good racing simulator, this is perfect. It also has the cabability for a LOT of mods. They are still adding more cars, so it's going to be updated more."
76561198085429800,Not Recommended,244210,18814805,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,DADDY,"Great game, IF it was a beta. Still needs a lot of polishing. Also, Steam Workshop support would be a HUGE improvement."
76561198071027001,Recommended,244210,18170801,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Andylxl89,"Extreme awesome racing simulator.Huge collection of cars,include various styles,street car,GT,open wheel etc.Physics is more close to LFS and RF2,graphics is close to PCARS but not that brilliant,may be the strong competitor of RF2 in sim racing area.p.s. Brand License can be a little more,too many Lotus."
76561198031209838,Recommended,244210,14838673,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Dom2611,"Definitely one of the best race games / sims in my collection, which is pretty large.It does have it's faults though. Firstly, it will push your hardware to it's limits, especially if you want to run the graphics maxed-out. It does look stunning, but mix Kunos cars with downloaded mods and you'll take a massive framerate hit. However, if your rig meets the recommended specs and you're prepared to turn the 'polish', like the PP filters off and maybe run the world detail on high rather than ultra you should be ok.Secondly, the AI (as of 10/03/15 - might change with the dream pack patch) is pretty crappy. If you spin or take a corner too slow for them, they will just plough into you. They don't seem to realise that the idea of racing is to overtake your opponents, they'd be great in a demolition derby game though. Kunos PLEASE, PLEASE fix this.Other than that I don't really have many complaints. Kunos have provided some really well made tracks and some beautiful cars. It could do with just a little bit more though, more tracks from outside Italy and just a few more cars, but these are coming and I'm just impatient.The physics are great and when you get your wheel's FFB dialled in right the sim provides a great driving experience.If you want to race, go online. The community is friendly and there are servers out there for all levels of drivers running races and track day events.  It's great fun!There are also some very high quality mods out there and some not so good ones, but don't worry, they're easy to install and remove.This is a game/sim that hasn't quite reached it's full potential yet, but it's getting there and it has bags and bags of potential.A 9.5/10 from me on this one. Buy it and you won't be disappointed.Come on 5 o'clock and the Dream Pack release, I want to drive the ring!!!Ok, so after the release of 1.1 the AI is slightly improved, but not much though."
,Not Recommended,244210,15910049,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Johny Mac,Release a game that isn't finished so we can release a DLC pack that contains content that should have been released with the game.Top work Maxis/Ea GamesI do not recommend buying this game until its less than $10.
76561198131409708,Not Recommended,244210,17343727,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,shambles1980,"Still the best sim BUTKunos have just decided that many of the features you need to set up a reasonable server with all the cars you want and a track rotation. is not needed..They also just decided That if you want anything even resembeling a working multiplayer system You pretty much have to write it your self..This has renderd the game pretty useless, because single player is terrible. and now Multiplayer is basically drive arround 1 track all day in a selection of 4 or so cars...Do your selfs a favour and buy project cars.No project cars is not a sim like AC is. It really isnt, But aslong as you dont play asetto corsa you wont know the difference so you will be happy with project cars..ME??I cant play project cars because the feel of AC was a million times better so i cant go playing it as it just does not feel right or feed the information back to you that you need.And i cant play Asetto corsa any more because 1.2 just killed it.."
76561198099241446,Recommended,244210,17318704,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,AvilaPT,"Great game, best sim racing on steam buy!"
,Recommended,244210,21040644,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Jihad,PRC is cancer
,Recommended,244210,19554180,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,MwM,Best Racing simulator ever! ! ! Good Job Kunos!
76561198003380651,Not Recommended,244210,15771574,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,beyondtool,"I am running an FX8350 and r290, but the performance in the game is terrible for me, just juddering and laggy and unplayable, and the graphics are quite dated to be honest despite an evening trying to tweak it. I spent half an hour trying to setup my Fanatec wheel with it, but as soon as I restarted the game it forgot all my settings.  The convoluted menus are far too mouse centric, I have to jump put of my cockpit just to load and start and race, and then try and jump back in before the green light. Why it doesn't have some basic wheel support for the menus escapes me...I understand this is supposed to be a hardcore sim, but lacking those basic player focused elements just killed any desire to play with this sim any further, at least until another patch comes out. I've been obsessed with Dirt Rally instead...plug and play works fantastic."
76561198204049180,Not Recommended,244210,18271626,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Goguru,Beautiful game. Love it!
,Recommended,244210,14869740,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,zemaniac,Real life is overrated.
,Not Recommended,244210,15296705,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,eihei,"essentially no customization or tuning, no weather. career is mostly tedious, boring and very repititive. multiplayer is a mess of servers forcing you to drive whatever cars the server wants you to drive. and now Kunos has decided to make me pay more to get content for a game that, in my opinion, isnt even half done.and where is the GT86, nevermind."
76561198026667896,Recommended,244210,18449884,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Santa's rocket snek,"This game is a masterpiece considering the dev team size.I won`t lie, I had no idea who Kunos was before buying this game, and I was much more hyped for pCars than for AC. I initially bought AC because I wanted a racing sim to play while pCars was in development. At the moment, I play AC quite more than pCars, even though pCars has some nice features, such as the weather system, night driving, more track options, and stuff like go-karts. I just find that AC does the driving part better, and, in the end, that's what really matters for me. And the replay and photo editor... it blew my mind the first time I tried it. That functionality itself is so complex and well made that it warrants the price of the game. I never write Steam reviews, so I don't know if this'll work, but I'll link a youtube vid that a guy made of a Nordschleife run vs real life using the replay editor.I will keep throwing money at it as long as they produce new content, as it is always top quality. I really suggest the DLC, especially Dreampack 1 as Nordschleife alone will provide you an experience worth the price of the whole DLC package. I bought Dreampack 2 mainly for the cars, and I am satisfied with it. The sound of the BMW M4 makes me want to pick that car over and over again, the attention to details is crazy.Update 1.3 was huge engine-wise, and guess what? It is free. You might think: Well duh, it's an update of ♥♥♥♥ing course it's free! My point is that instead of putting resources into creating DLC which sells for mad dough yo, they invested in the game to add value to it for the players. That convinced me that Kunos is in this for the long run and cares about giving the best experience possible to the players.That's a business model I appreciate, and that's why I will keep buying the freaking DLC.Here are the things I would like to see added to the game:Menu controls on the steering wheel. I didn't investigate far, but it is not customizable through the controller settings.Night driving. You can turn your lights on, but it just looks pretty, it offers nothing else at the moment.Here is my opinion on having a weather system. Rain is cool, it looks good and can be fun to try, but it makes it so hard that I wouldn't use it really often. There is already a lot of combinations of tracks/track conditions/cars that adding rain would not add that much to the game.If you like racing sims or want to try a quality one to see if you enjoy the genre, just buy the damn game, you can't go wrong.9.5/10"
,Recommended,244210,14456931,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,★ Ispharel,"This game was a fantastic nightmare at launch. I had a constant stream of problems right from the start it only got worse. Not even being able to launch the game was the least of my problems. Huge framerate and CPU occupancy issues lead to me losing interest in the game. However. Since it's release it has been drasticly improved. The physics, tyre model, sounds and the god forsaken CPU occupancy problems. It has very strong physics and decent force feedback. My only issue is its futureproofness. It doesn't (to me atleast) seem like it's going to last long. Very restricted car selection andnot enough base tracks to make it worth £35. However this is helped a little with mods but most mods aren't worth your time as the physics and sounds won't be woth it. If this was £20 it would be a no brainer. If you are needing a sim game with very good graphics, sounds and solid physics then this would be the one to get but only on a steam sale. 7/10 Recommeneded - as of writing this review but it may go up the further this gets into its life cycle."
,Recommended,244210,13654328,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,TKO|DEADLYMIX,Crazy epic mod community. Come try out our US based servers: TKO-Gaming
76561198013818080,Not Recommended,244210,17394862,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Vool,"This is the only game which I think is a complete waste of money!Cannot get it to work. Carreer mode has never been able to work. I have a high end PC which can run witcher 3 on high settings, but this game is full of bugs and makes my PC shutdown every time I start a race.Looks like it could have been a great game but I've been waiting for a long time for the bugs to be sorted and still terrible....xbox 360 controller doesn't work in the main menu...again..this game is not finished and should have never been allowed to launch full of bugs.Will never purchase an early access game again!"
76561198123465960,Not Recommended,244210,14866902,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,ctriveira9999,"I wouldn't recommend this game to my worst enemy. 17 hours or so of just trying to get my G27 to work. The clutch serves as a nice decoration and my 900 degree turning radius miraculously reduces itself to roughly 100 when ""playing"" this game. Absolute worst force feed back, ever! Just a little bit of resistance. Wow."
,Recommended,244210,14494251,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Chrishasacamera,"Fantastic game. The community is growing every day, and Kunos seems to be sticking to the continued development of the game. The simulation is spot on, though the force feedback leaves something to be desired. Besides that, the potential is boundless here."
,Recommended,244210,15219247,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Dark Session,"I prefer Assetto Corsa over RaceRoom, very quality content and mod support. Perfect Force Feedback effects compared to many other race-sims. Works very good with G25/G27. Be sure to buy the DLC bundle, it does cost only 5€ / $ more and adds 6 different versions of the Nürburgring Nordschleife + many awesome cars."
76561198164990703,Recommended,244210,19281038,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Avril Lavigne VIP Experience,"this game is just like sex, so good."
,Recommended,244210,17894466,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Tempo Zero,"Great sim, they still update the game even with new content free, great physic engine, some mods are as good as the original content"
76561197988489363,Recommended,244210,17604462,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Dan Druff,"Finally a racing simulator that is both a good simulator with decent racing feel and a functional UI. Now I can stop complaining about racing sims being worse than ages-old Grand Prix Legends. CPU requirements are absurd, though.UPDATE:I didn't play the game for a while because my computer did not have quite enough CPU performance for  it to be smooth to play. Tried it again and updates have done marvels, now the CPU load on the same computer is around 40% so no more problems with CPU requirements either."
,Recommended,244210,17001224,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Skali,"I'm not into racing games, but this game forced me to buy a driving wheel and to enjoy every second of this virtual weel paradise. Driving the Nordschleife again and again and again, improving the driving skills, the drifting skills, etc.: It's awesome. I'm not into racing games, I'm not even an averange driver in this game. But this game keeps me pushing forward."
,Recommended,244210,17553803,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Germanloser,I just really really like how this game feels.My favorite Racing Simulator.
,Recommended,244210,13445770,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Ralph Luthor,best sim ever.
76561197969066488,Recommended,244210,16876568,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Warlok,"Wow, just wow ! This engine is better than Project Cars and pCars is bloody brilliant.Played pCars and then AC and AC owns the simulation. AC Oppenents on track movement more realistic ! I took a corner in AC and could feel the dip in the track. I take my hat off to this Dev Team.Keep improving this platform and I'll keep supporting you. Thanks for a great game.ps. I have the Old MOMO logitech wheel."
76561197975848362,Recommended,244210,11223657,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,BudzillR,i like racing
76561198036195814,Recommended,244210,17560174,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Blake1643,"I’ve had this simulator (it’s not a game its so much more) for nearly two years now, having been through majority of its development I can say the Sim has come on leaps and bounds, to an extent that its twice the Sim it was two years ago.Content:The official content is sufficient with not a lot in car selection terms, but they make up with this with the mod support. I will put it this way, at this current stage 3 of the official content cars are mods that were bought, the modding community is dedicated to creating content to the highest quality!Physics:The Sims physics are to the point of ultimate realism, forget project cars etc. there arcade compared to this. from the tires model, to the suspension model everything is down to a T, with perfect torque curves in cars. it’s the best in current market and is constantly being improved.Graphics:This is Assetto's only minor downfall, the game graphics although good, are nothing on par with other games that focus on the graphics engine, but that’s the sacrifice you have to make with an amazing physics engine, albeit the community filters can make the game look better than most other games in my opinion. but with no weather at this current stage it lacks the rain and spray that can make a game look off the wall.Conclusion:In conclusion I love this game, it's almost become my life. I play it at every moment I can and recommend it to everyone I know.if your into anything cars or motorsport. this Sim is worth buying instantly"
31635165445613654,Recommended,244210,12296668,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Volkslagen,much fastness.
76561197961494118,Recommended,244210,17999480,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Inquisitor,"This is hands down one of the most authentic sims out there. I have Project Cars as well and I find myself coming back to this one when pCars annoys me with it's arcade physics. The DLC is almost mandatory, however, modding is well supported and you can download a variety of additional cars and tracks.Overall, this is a great sim, and challenges if not beats many out there in driving realism."
76561198004263158,Recommended,244210,8979528,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Fra881,Just the best simulator
76561198018955034,Recommended,244210,25475387,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Rulke,The best racing simulator period. If you want to learn how to race this is the game for you. 10/10 Kunos you magnificent ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s!
76561197999842034,Recommended,244210,9002532,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Doc8Ball,"March 11th Dream pack and New Review:These Last 2 hours are gonna be agonizing. The anticipation of doing a laser scanned green hell with the rift dk2 is a small dream come true next to really being there. But a dream come true none the less. If you do not own A/C yet then you truly do not know what your missing out on. It's a one of a kind ""True Driver's Sim"" Physics wise it's right up there with iRacing if not better. (Based on opinion) Graphics are to die for as long as the tracks are built correctly. (Some mod tracks do not look the greatest due to sloppy finishing) And the only real downside to the mod community is no way to sort the quality of the mods. So you do have to spend some times searhing for those ""gems"" but completely worth it in the end. And seems the game is still in extremely early release, development will be undergoing for years to come I'm sure, As from what Kunos Simulations has shown us thus far, they are no slouches when it comes to the term ""sim"", they are not afraid to keep the community in the loop, and they are more then willing to keep developing masterpieces of artwork like this pack you see before you as long as we the sim racers keep supporting them. They listen to keedback, always open to suggestion's, and over all the team seem's to be really down to earth and easy to relay problems/ suggestions to. My kind of dev team. And most def my kind of race sim. This has pretty much taken over my iRacing career. And as a 4.70 A class, it would have to be one hell of a sim to pull me away. And it indeed the best driving/racing sim I have played to date. The future Assetto Corsa looks bright and could free at this rate.Would highly reccomend this to anyone who truly enjoy's driving. But be warned. This is not need for speed. This is a sim. Much frustration awaits you, as does much glory and amazment. If the sound or sight of a sports car gets your heart going, or you hear something all lumpy coming around the corner and your guessing what it is before its seen. Often find yourself guessing vehicle makes by headlight's at night? Then this sim is for you. A true enthusiasts sim. Best way to sum it up. I would give it an easy 9.2/10. And once the full version is released and we have all the updfates im sure 10/10 will be no big feat as it's only a few minor issues away.Hope this has been helpful. It's helped kill a half hour here. So that's my review of AC and the dream pack. See you on Green Hell :) Just keep an eye out for the sun glinting off my teeth as there seems to be a perma grin as I await the release :)Keep er shiny side up, Catch you on the track ;-)Doc----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------***ORIGINAL POST: Great Game, Highly reccomend it once multiplayer is released. But the AI is absolutly Horrible. Great lines. But they twitch all over the place and dont even recognize that your beside them. They will straight up drive into you like your not even there.***Well now that 1.3 is released it seems flawless and a no brainer. The game is brilliant in every way. By far one of the most if not the most realistic sim yet. The feel of the FFB is absolutly amazing. The track's are flawless right down to the bump. The exterior of the tracks leave something to be desired, but it's purely cosmetic. This Sim mixed with the Oculus Rift DK2 is stunning, the sense of speed is truly insanely accurate. Overall it's a must have for any race fan.The only thing I would have liked to see was customization option's other then paint. Eg. Wheel's, Performance Part's such as turbo's, intake's, injector's, really Full customization would be nice. Including engine swap's. This may not be impossible though, with the open community modding made available by the dev's anything is possible. Litterally."
76561198009048895,Recommended,244210,17375993,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Maxrob1,"Grand Turismo is  a kid's game compared to this, i could'nt finish the race over 5-10 times before finnally reaching the end in 1 piece, with NO opponents, some thing ive never experienced before."
76561198075789136,Recommended,244210,8961633,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,17 cast wheel,Drift too fun!!
76561197993862919,Not Recommended,244210,21316230,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Hojo the Hobo,Game wont even initialize when you go to tracks aparenlty common problem for lower spec yet still direct x 11 compatable graphics cards. But seeing as ive run poorly optimized things like day z and run gta on mid settings running direct x 11 50-60 frames and low temps so id try the game out as my graphic card was only thing on minimum list. As i said game didnt initilize when you went to start race common problem loads of diff things it could be tried em all nothing the games menu and actual game are seperate exe aparently. went to original forums and told rudly they wouldnt help and banned for slandering graphic quality of the game. all in all tried it on my friends pc not even worth it with all the bugs if they dont apeal to community they have now the game will fail good luck.
76561197993170812,Recommended,244210,15837521,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,High Priority Citizen,"Closest depiction of a driving simulator you can buy, worth every cent. Word of warning, this is a racing simulator, similar to the likes of Project Cars and Gran Turismo, however this trumps the competition. By a long shot."
76561198035357661,Recommended,244210,17821502,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,ostracized4,A must for any fan of racing.....
76561198019329508,Not Recommended,244210,16255260,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,crashdumi5,"Only enjoyable without AI racers. Career mode is not enjoyable at all. I was having trouble winning a race, went online and one of the strategies is to start off slow and gradually speed up your laps so the AI won't be tuned to run so fast. That's a strategy? It actually works too. Pathetic. I guess the multiplayer is good and the tracks and driving models are impressive. I just can't enjoy any sort of story, only driving. It's racing for no reason. I'm not upset that I bought it, but I can't say I would recommend it unless you just want to try some car or track it offers. Maybe some mod or later update will make it better."
,Recommended,244210,17774370,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Nickyy,Best Racing Sim Ever
,Recommended,244210,17322454,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,baza,"by far the best sim out rite now.graphically awesome with realistic features,great car sounds especially the tyres.this game has it all the car handing is pretty spot on.a must buy for ay racing fan"
,Recommended,244210,23051554,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,DeltaDox,10/10 hit the throttle too early exiting a corner.
76561198136827107,Not Recommended,244210,15272653,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,ass_ketchup1000,"Not bad...not blow your mind amazing but it has its moments. I have a slighty bad experience, I use a controller (cant afford a wheel) and it is hell for the first hour trying to hone your skill but after that I was pretty impressed. I've played forza, gran turismo, dirt...etc you get the point so maybe i put it on a higher pedistal then I should have. After all it is sold and advertised as a raceing sim. I bring this up because there isnt much in the way of objectives or a story of any kind. I mean I wasnt expecting much but you litteraly start out driving a fiat...and thats it, no tutorial of the menu or start out objective...you basicly just manuver around the menu and start your career.Other then the lack of a game feel, wonky controler feedback, and honestly a little more mediocre graphics then I'd like its not bad. Now beggs the question is it worth the 55 bucks (cuz trust me your gunna want the dlc). No....not really, like i said its not a bad game really its just not really worth the money...it has a pretty empty feeling. 30 bucks I would feel comfortable but right now I feel like I over paid honestly."
,Recommended,244210,15259686,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Femapisa,"One of the purest and exciting simulators, truly realistic. I recommend to anyone who wants a true simulator!"
76561198021145083,Recommended,244210,13794633,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,paddyb.com,Amazing game! Just purchased the Logitech G27 for this game and it makes it 10 times better.The graphics are fantastic and the car physics are brilliant.I've owned it since early access and it's great to see it has made it's full release.Definitely recommend!
76561198170059397,Recommended,244210,19270176,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,cristianhaba,"The best feel of any sim currently on the market. Graphically astute, looks amazing even on medium spec PCs. Multiplayer is getting more optimized by each patch which is very welcome as racing against 10101s is as fun as watching paint dry.If you're a GT fan this game has the most complete line up and variety. Tire model is getting more updates with every patch, its quite the gem.The modding community is the best, and their talent is quite often as good or better than Kunos. Would buy again."
76561198025999795,Recommended,244210,14730767,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Mondyrocks,"Wonderful game, great handling, great graphics, great mods!Brilliant job by a small studio, well worth anyones money!Buy it and you won't regret it :)"
,Recommended,244210,19032777,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Subsonic,"This ""game"" takes the cake home.If you are a car enthusiast you absolutely have to try this. Don't go in expecting to be a driving god.YOu will spin out, then you will spin out again. Then you will have the most perfect lap of your life. And then you will spend hours trying to recreate that lap and do a few milliseconds faster.It's better played with friends. Set a lap time and let them try to beat it.I haven't played multiplayer,I can't comment on how it works with a mouse and keyboard setup as I only played using a wheel with pedals and gear stick.Let me tell you driving the Mercedes evo DTM around silverstone and miss a gear because you let theclutch a bit too soon will have you cursing at gods and demons in no time. My only gripe with the game is the Carreer AI. It is beyond horrible. you will cry when you are in the last lap and the AI just nudges you a bit sending you spinning at the wall.TL:DRBuy the game if you enjoy driving around a track on your own trying to beat your personal best time.HANDLING IS SOOOOO realistic."
,Recommended,244210,9982186,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Solidus1983,"Having played Simulators like Race, Race 07, Rfactor 1 this has to be one of the best Simulators by far i have played.Feels great to drive using a Xbox Control Pad (Wireless). Graphics are totally out of this world.Bare in mind i have only played for a few minutes and i have to say this is a great game and well worth the purchase.F1 Cars are just great for drifting!"
76561197965258978,Recommended,244210,12619615,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Hellrazzor,"Great sim, with very good physics. It does have some flaws, but this sim is still in development and should get even better with more support from the dev team.  Physics are very good, Graphics are on par with most current sims. This is a buy."
76561198040703825,Recommended,244210,12718126,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,K9-1000,"Absolutly THE BEST RACING GAME. I highly recomand this game because if you like racing games AND IF YOU OWN A GOOD RACING WHEEL WITH FORCE FEED-FEEDBACK, It will be FU**ING AWESOME."
76561198077746248,Recommended,244210,13175912,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,eclipse,"Realistic Physics , Realistic Graphics , Realistic Sounds . Would be awesome if they added in the McLaren P1 ;)"
,Recommended,244210,16849086,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Hi I'm Duganz,"Good game, however the Ferrari 458 Italia is overpowered when controlled by a CPU.  It is placed in races where it outclasses every other car on the field, getting +30 seconds ahead even while running perfect laps.  Needs nerfed badly.Otherwise, game feels better than most, definitely best played with a steering wheel and pedals.The AMG SLS is a pigfat, slow, can't turn piece of garbage."
,Recommended,244210,13342296,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,SmokeyLungz,Amazing sim!
,Recommended,244210,16035774,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Cubize,Assetto Corsa. A racing simulator.Bought it for drifting.You get kicked of servers if your router has one specific setting.To start with I couldn't bind clutch onto the keyboard so i used a PS3 controller with steering wheel settings.A difficult main menu. After three hours i finally managed to turn off traction control and ABS.Mods are easy to install.Either you ruin other people's runs or they ruin yours.21/69 Would lose connection again.
76561198043141346,Recommended,244210,11959298,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,| Hawxflight,"Assetto Corsa is.....well, a 'unique' game. It's nothing ground-breaking and is doing what many other sim-racing games have done for a while. At the time of writing this review it is missing two tracks that are to be in the final game, and the online is less than satisfactory for a racing-sim, albeit quite fun when you get a good race going. The tracks are nice- more/less what you would expect from something that wants to be taken seriously. Though I have recently found more (shall we say) 'comfort' in tracks created and released by the community than by the Assetto Corsa team.The physics of a driving simulator are up to standard in Assetto Corsa, not quite on iRacing or rFactor 2 level. But nonetheless getting there. The recently updated tire model gives a nice improvement to the way the cars handle and the force-feed back.If you're just coming to the grid for the first time or have been racing for a while, I'd recommend downloading 3 tracks;Donington ParkDownload HereNordschleifeDownload HereLongford 1967Downlaod HereAnd 1 car:Shelby CobraDownload HerePlease note, these are my suggestions at the time of writing.For a game that's been in development for about 2 years, the progress is quite slow- a couple of tracks and a couple of cars for the development team- though with the community creating good tracks aswell, it's a lot of fun.For a £30 game it is a no-brainer for any sim-racing fan, who wants a good time on the track and a solid racing experience (definitely a good place to start before going to iRacing or rFactor, or to stay 'once the online is fixed'). Hope to see you on the track"
76561198039887158,Recommended,244210,12689274,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,claudiopolez,"Game of the Year 2014- the long awaited step up from Gran Tourismo is finally available for PC gamers.Unlike other more recent racing sims this one has plenty of road cars  as well as the racing cars with their downforce and slicks. Unlike other recent car sims Assetto Corsa has a Career mode that is very reminiscent of GT (minus the unlocks and licences) and lots of user created chamiponships and Careers.The physics, force feedback, laser scanned tracks, AI that makes mistakes but does not rubber band wait for you + the AAA rivaling graphics = Game of the Year 2014 imho. Weel done and thank you Assetto Corsa!"
,Recommended,244210,12692505,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,♡ Jacqueen ♡,so far so good! still alpha but wow the development on this game.. much better than gran turismo for sure!
76561198002207025,Recommended,244210,12697221,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Gasbah,pure awesome. great feel and graphics
,Recommended,244210,12717590,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Turbo Thot 3000,"A nice looking sim with equally nice feeling physics. AI have a bit of spatial-awareness issues and the online community is still filled with people who think it's funny to neglect proper racing etiqutte and go full speed into the back of everyone in the first corner. The penalty system is also terrible, and causes more problems than it fixes (Follow someone up Eau Rouge and have them go 1mm over the track limits and then have to slow down in front of you. Enjoy the massive pileup that occurs).  Despite these issues, it's a good sim."
76561197986771294,Recommended,244210,14740843,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,emanrod-1,"It is the best pc sim of all ,,,,Good work"
76561198055481951,Recommended,244210,14784309,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Tick Helmer,4 outta 5.  just have some multiplayer issues I havent figured out yet.  connectivity not working well for me.4.5 out 5.  no more connectivity issies.  (this was fixed a long time ago)not sure why I don't give it 5 out of 5.....Okay give it 5.If you like pure racing Sims this is the best game out there in my opinion.
,Recommended,244210,11007639,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Donnie Trumpet,fckin broken
,Recommended,244210,15789439,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,akrovatis1979,"This game is a serious sim.If you don't own a streering wheel pass awayIf you are not ok with crashing to the slighest mistake pass awayOn the other hand:If you love sims and nomatter the cost are determined to master the cars in this game in the legendary Nordschleife get itIf you love competitive multiplayer racing with a grown up & serious racers community again get itWtf if you love driving... well I guess you already got it!!!A comparison to the latest big hit Project CARS:- worse graphics- quite few tracks, consider getting the dream pack dlc in order to get access to Nordschleife- less cars but still a few- no realtime weather- no night conditions- some performance issues when many cars are visible (juddering, laggy)+ better multiplayer (pings, servers), pCars does not have dedicated servers, if the host leaves you get a nice application crash (at least I do...)+ quite stable, no crashes whatsoever (pCars has quite a few, hopefully they'll sort them out)-/+ more strict car handling model (depends if you like it or not), you will lose the car by commiting the slightest mistake, when it starts going round there's no turing back!-/+ both games suport T500RS pretty well, no issues so far-/+ I suppose the list above is pointless since you'll get both games anyhow (I've done at least and love them both!)Check out the videos bellow for some hotlaps and races (don't full yourselves, it might seem easy but know that it is the result of ""countless"" failures, crashes and frustration!):https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wG1GVti2X3w&list=PL1PUkgVzQJU5fx5UFdZRiTEFO0ffVXpL5"
76561198040144934,Recommended,244210,14691990,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Exian,Best racing game I've played so far. The only thing I would like to see is some more drifting and JDM cars + tracks.
76561197992828988,Recommended,244210,12443069,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,worminfested,Love it
,Recommended,244210,23107842,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Tsurugin,Maybe this is what I want. Reaches to everything.Can you hear my voice...?Buy......you must buy...buy now......*whispering*
,Recommended,244210,12611356,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Tyler L. C-105 | 5R-504,"Assetto Corsa.Having tried all Gran Turismo, Forza 4, iRacing, NFS SHIFT series, and a plethora of other simulated (or attempted to) motorsport games on different platforms, Assetto Corsa, even in early release, has hit the nail on the head.Each motorsport simulator (or like I said, attempted) has its strong suit and its flaws.  Some emphasize graphics, some exhibit outstanding physics systems, and some present actual simulated controls and systems.  However, as of the 1.0 update release candidate, I have finally found the perfect integration of every feature that can perfect a racing/motorsport game/simulation.  This goes for the graphics, interface, structure (SP and MP), and most of all, content, controls, and the implementation of both uniquely.Assetto Corsa now sports many varying new features, the most notable being a revised damage system and outstanding graphics (that can compete with Forza and definitely comparable to Project Cars).  However, it still has a little bit of a way to go in terms of visuals and content modeling (damage, debris, interactive track maybe?).  Good news is, that's the only thing that does have any improvement possible to it (other than addition of content that will come over time).Assetto Corsa, being produced by a first-time game studio, and not having a desirable popularity (during the first several months of its release), surprised me at its true realism and compatibility.  I play for the realism, but the thing I love about the compatibility of this piece is that it's optional to go from simulation to casual racing game in about a click or two in the settings (all of which are customizable, I've found, exception of some car-based components).  Being early release and close to actual release, they could have fooled me into thinking it was an actual marketed game...that's saying something with the early releases!I could go on and on and write further about the countless features, however, that's not too interesting, is it?  Nor is it efficient, as I'd be here forever describing why this is definitely worth the buy.Hardcore simulator, challenging racer, or casual Sunday driver, Assetto Corsa can satisfy you for sure."
76561197980432173,Recommended,244210,7954639,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,iknowuwill`jM,best sim ever
76561198095778823,Recommended,244210,26762527,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,i7,AC is an excellent sim with many car/track options for players.
,Recommended,244210,16020930,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,MikeThyson-[NW]-,Doggy Style While shifting is the best feeling ever! like Whoa
76561198135066935,Recommended,244210,13875620,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,StillOnTheRun44,"BETTER THAN FORZA!This simulation already has a very large following with a modding commnity and very active developers!The graphics are stunning, the physics are the most realistic i have ever seen in a racing sim EVER! andthis is just the beginning!With new licences for cars coming just around the corner this is the best time to join a racing sim game you have always wanted for PC!"
76561197964576037,Recommended,244210,12828338,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Cadex,Best Racing Sim out there!Good:- Very realistic driving experience but not frustrating hard- Car Models und physics- runs smooth on average pc- great force feedback and multi-monitor supportBad:- boring track environment and not the top quality like the car models- very basic and not motivating career mode
76561197992967930,Recommended,244210,12749271,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,DotYourEyes,"This is no arcade racer, it's a hardcore sim, but thankfully there are plenty of options/assists to help the beginners out there become comfortable with this game. The game has come a long way since first released. The current version as of today is 1.06RC, and is amazing. When I first got the game, I wasn't really into it because of how rough everything was, and lack of gamepad support. The game has become quite polished and easier to navigate and play and now supports a variety of gamepads. I play the game in cockpit view, and frankly is the only way this game should be played. While the game still needs some work(early access after all), it's on the top of my list for racing games."
76561198034615810,Recommended,244210,17983020,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,TerrorTurtle46™,"Yeahhh I love this game! Especially online, there is a good community on Assetto Corsa"
76561198084000740,Recommended,244210,15860251,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Shadowkiller707,Really Realistic It is a simulator but it is still accessible to casual racers but I would definitely say that its more a game for hardcore racersGraphics 8/10Multiplayer 8/10Physics 9.2/10Main menu is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥thoughhave fun ! buy this now !!
,Recommended,244210,13208241,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Currahee,Easily the one the most realistic racing games ever made.
76561198088433732,Recommended,244210,16668246,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Xanos,"If you like cars in any way or even just driving, buy this game. It's so good. Everything feels really good and the tracks are satisfying to race around."
,Recommended,244210,10921694,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,you know i had to,"A wonderful driving simulation that has some quite good physics for an early access game.The drifting is so fun and it feels so great! :DThe selection of cars is quite small for its version it is in now, but the brands are great ranging from Lotus, Abrath, Bmw. Mclarens and a few more.The multiplayer is in early beta but is really fun as the AI isn't the best...I have a lot of faith for this game and hopefully the game becomes really broken and becomes a money grab."
,Recommended,244210,16437970,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,sumcky88,"Loving this game.  Lacks in cars, coming from gt6.  Some mods don't work due to updates, but the ones that do are awesome!Drove my silvia on rainbowroad . . . . ."
76561198082516814,Recommended,244210,17985063,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Alex The Onion,Nice racing game with good graphics and realistic mechanics.8/10 Would buy again.
76561198117203921,Recommended,244210,17134166,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,HerrMann22,"This game, even in its unfinished form, could be considered nothing short of an instant classic. Yes, the AI is terrible. Yes it has a few flaws, but what great game didn't have it? I'll tell you what this game does briliantly: mod support. It's one of the easiest games to customize. Sooner or later it will have everything we can ever imagine, just like the rFactor. This game is definitely on top of my list."
76561197987752166,Recommended,244210,16279807,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,allyfuatdegirmenci,"Best ""Simulator"" ever.-Incredibly realistic physics.-Stunning graphics for a simulator-Now that the developers started to improve, sounds are seriously realistic aswell-Lots and lots of free or payware mods.Result is driving on the Nürgburgring every night when your friends are calling for a coffee.Just buy it."
76561197962616102,Recommended,244210,16449457,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Sikke,"Best racing Sim that I've ever tried. The force feedback is amazing! Even with an ancient Logitech MOMO Force Feedback Wheel.This game is worth every penny, and the Dream Pack DLC is unbelievably good, meaning the Nurnburgring of course.Online needs improving, but if you like realistic racing, it's a MUST BUY!"
,Recommended,244210,16244039,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,ESorrow,Bought G27 for this game. Never regret!
,Recommended,244210,32111833,Posted: 1 June,all,biga,K
,Recommended,244210,13973925,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Plexmann,"ImpressiveNow June 2017, still impressed"
,Recommended,244210,13972168,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Gerkaoo,Best racing game ever made!
,Recommended,244210,33054474,Posted: 30 June,all,Flower Lion!,"Not bad, if you like crashing a lot!"
,Recommended,244210,22604556,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,HeyItsRev,SLAAAPTRAAAAIN
76561198039629404,Recommended,244210,18399886,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,pittbull14,very good game
,Recommended,244210,16747586,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,FightBlade,"Assetto Corsa is currently one of the best racing ""simulations"" available on Steam (PC). It´s realism is not that intense like in iRacing but it also not too easy. It´s different in it´s own way. The car selection is good but a little bit small in comparison to Forza or Gran Turismo. The track selection contains most of the important international racing tracks. By buying the DLC you get also excess to the legendary Nürburgring Nordschleife which I´m driving most of the time in Assetto Corsa. Overall a great experience with a great singleplayer and multiplayer mode. The developers are currently working on more content for the game. So hopefully the selection of cars and tracks grows in future."
,Recommended,244210,13569537,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,PsyaNyde,"Wanna race? want great gfx, mod tracks, cars, liveries ? wanna tweak  downforce , suspension,tyre pressures, camber etc ? then you best get this, probably the best race sim ever created :D"
76561198028162803,Not Recommended,244210,15978680,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Scrub Daddy,"I really wanted to like this game....The physics seem decent, but don't cooperate with a controller (waiting to afford a good wheel) but I spend more time facing the wrong direction than I do on the track. This should be looked at and at least taken in consideration for those of us who don't have wheels.My main gripes have to do with the menu and poor graphic performance. In Project Cars, I can run Ultra graphics with rain and 24 other cars without a problem with my Nvidia 860m, but this game lags even with medium settings with just my car doing practice laps (which make it look like a racing sim from 2010) . The loading screens take forever, and it is overall just completely inferior to Project Cars. I bought both games hoping this one would be better with its modding community, but it is just thoroughly disappointing."
76561198145358713,Recommended,244210,20919175,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,NOWICKI,"Superb... Buy this game and the URD mods and you have a great endurance sim. That's when the developers add timed races, day/night transitions and driver swaps (hint hint). Either way, good job."
76561197993273895,Recommended,244210,20840258,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Chieftain,"Assetto Corsa is probably one of the best racing simulation game out there. It has all the detail and depth you might want from a simulation: the physics system is excellent, AI cars are appropriately aggressive and smart, car setup and configuration options are extremely detailed. In short an excellent simulation and a must have for any racing simulation fan"
76561198057181676,Recommended,244210,20479180,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,cyber [420] [UK],"great game, needs better controller support and we need a supra mk4"
,Recommended,244210,20950931,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,K U R T,♥♥♥♥♥♥SICK SKIDZ M8 SIK GAME 10/10 WOULD SKID AGAIN
76561198152475925,Recommended,244210,20748570,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,mr.puff,In texas we roll coal
,Recommended,244210,13567219,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,WoolyBug,"AC is a full-featured racing sim with savable replays, car tuning, laser scanned tracks,wheel and pedal support and more. This game has a lot of the extras that other titlesleave out.The audio reproduction is some of the best I have heard outside a real track andthe feel of driving a high horsepower racecar is amazingly close to the real thing.From stock street cars to fully kitted out beasts of the track, AC has a little bit of everything.One of the very few gripes I have with the game is the structure of the game itself.It's ""driver career"" is somewhat lacking and the interface needs more polish.I also wish the there was more mods for more cars and tracks.What it does get right though, is what is most important in a racing sim;When you are in the car taking those hairpin turns and shifting through the gears, tryingto get a line on the car ahead of you, the rest just falls away and you might forget you are in a game at all.UPDATE 11/2016This semi-realistic racing game is really starting to come together.I have started seeing more modded cars and tracks onlineas well as the developers releasing much needed licensed car and track packs.This is definitely in my top 3 of all time racing titles."
76561198015573561,Recommended,244210,17568488,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,MorningGhost,"I've been playing it for a few hours now. First its more of car simulation compared to other racing games I've played such as for example the CodeMaster F1 and Microsoft Grid series, and so is much more fun & challenging in that respect. I've mostly been driving the old Jim Clarke Type 49 racing car on Mugello which is a nice twisty circuit requiring lots of gear changes. There are many unusual circuits like this as well as Spa with its steep hill and Silverstone circuits, note plural, for example. There are a range of cars to choose from, from old classics and the new generation of supercars. I'm a casual player and  play it in short spurts which I like in trying to improve my track times. I use the pro default settings mostly. One positive for people who don't want a bulky driving wheel the game works very well with the old Xbox 360 controller which can be picked up cheap for the PC. There are lots of settings discussions on the intricate control setup options, and KuBr0 did a nice setup guide for the 360 and X1 controllers. I'd definately recommend it for the hardcore and casual player like me. I bought it in the sale and I regret not picking up the car options pack as well. I'll pick it up in the next sale."
,Recommended,244210,13582963,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Ottman,"Best, driving, simulator, ever!"
,Recommended,244210,13349839,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,xissburg,The best.
,Recommended,244210,13446189,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,That Smug Ass Nigga,Why can't every sim racer have this kind of dev team behind it.Simply magic.
,Recommended,244210,13211075,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,DA BUTTON 05,great game not finished yet though.
76561198067525795,Recommended,244210,22877376,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,william,Review for Asseto CorsaThe thing that I am really impressed with is 日本語で書書いてくれ as well as でジ本語で書 and especially ジ本語で書:)
76561198012995380,Not Recommended,244210,14671265,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Raastible,"Be aware the AI in the game has some issues. AI cars have a set driving line and crash into you with catistraphic results to you but with no harm done to them. They will do pit menuvers and run you off the track just to stay within thier line. There are many other great things about this game but the AI nees some work.There are limeted cars and tracks as well, however this may be resolved in future patchs. I would recommend this game if the AI worked well and there were more cars and tracks. Until those issues are resolved, buyer beware."
76561198073276009,Recommended,244210,18893623,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,bcrljen,great racing tile
76561198098664242,Recommended,244210,19718400,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,TiaTiaTia,"This is a very good racing simulator, but to enjoy the experience, you will need a steering wheel with force feedback. Sadly there's lack in car makes and models like Subaru and Mitsubishi..."
,Not Recommended,244210,14077706,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Warhawker,"The engine in this game is very good. Traction and realism feel very realistic. However, I feel it lacks some sort of progression to it. I would like to upgrade my vehicles rather than just tune them. Not into it quite yet, but it's not a bad game."
76561198053664348,Recommended,244210,22297014,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,BoBo,190E Evo II induction sound and Alfa Romeo 155 TI V6 exhaust sound.My ears are ringing in agreement.
,Recommended,244210,16854132,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,aleph99,"Excellent game. Good graphics, realistic driving, intuititive interface, nice cars (the Ferraris are great to drive). And it accepts mods! There are currently hundreds of tracks and cars out there to be installed for free. My only complaint would be the absence of menu control with your driving wheel, requiring the contant use of a mouse & keyboard, but according to the official forum this will be fixed in the next upgrade."
76561197978986366,Recommended,244210,17319812,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Yugo2Slow,"Excellent in so many ways...I think Assetto Corsa has the best blend of simulator,  physics, and fun available in a computer game today.AC also has Ferraris.I am not an ultra power user though I do play hard and keep my hardware current (and I have been doing so since DOS 1.0 came in a box.)  I am an enthusiast in gaming and IRL for cars, racing, and computers in all their forms and I am totally unforgiving if a piece of hardware or software somehow doesn't live up to it's hype or has any operational or installation snafus --  I bounce them.  Tthere is so much available to us as users today why settle for something the publisher obviously doesn't care much about either.Assetto Corsa got bounced.  It wasn't installation or anything like that...I was, at the time, immering myself in the current crop of go-fast games (GRID Autosport, iRacing, SimRaceway, RaceroomRacingExperience, and ProjectCARS) and they didn't have a this one huge issue AC has, so out AC went.  The issue is that the first few tasks you must do in career mode involve ""racing"" your first car, an Abarth 500.  I wish to continue repressing those few hours so I'll simply say that the combination of  me, a new game, and the Abarth was not lovely.  (It can help tremendously if you find the guides relating to game and controller and car settings then utilize the wisdom found there.)So here I sit...burned through most of what I want to burn through in those other 5 games...GRID Autosport, iRacing, and pCARS all still get some time -- RRRE and SimRaceway don't.  Assetto Corsa is the first place my mouse heads and that's just fine with me.  There are levels of immersion with this game, as with anything, so I know I have no clue what's down the road but from my progression through the Intermediates in Career Mode I think that the cars and driving experience and racing must be off-the-hook good.  So far my impression of the physics and feel of the game has only improved.Yes, I said improved.  Amazing isn't it?  Most times you can get a game and try it out and know pretty much instantly how it's going to act most of the time.  To me, AC seems to get better and better as I progress.  Could be I am gushing from lucking into finding this game -- you should too!"
,Recommended,244210,17758013,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,80N1N,Really Good game when you use a logitech g27
,Recommended,244210,17853562,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Jrottin,"This is one of the best racing sims ever made. Not necessarily a hard title to make if you really try, because sadly there aren't that many racing sims out there.Pros:Force feedback feels amazingModsGame looks great.The cars handle just like they're supposed to.Good carsGood tracksHas multiplayer with the race weekend layoutGreat wheel support (I am using Logitech G27)Fun driftingJust overall amazing driving/racing feel and experience.Cons:Price is a bit too high though it goes on sale fairly oftenNot that many cars without modding (still a decent amount, just not very much cars)Not that many tracksIdiots in multiplayer smashing into each otherNo Go-Karts (unless modded)Lackluster career (Doesn't feel that fun or rewarding)A.I. (They're good at driving and hotlapping, they're just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s during races. They ram into you as hard as they can without a second thought and drive away as you spin into the gravel and crash)Overall Rating: 8/10. Must buy for racing enthusiasts."
,Recommended,244210,10969421,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,𝓦𝓲𝓵𝓫𝓮𝓻𝓽 𝓜𝓲𝓭𝓷𝓲𝓰𝓱𝓽,i should have bought nfs porsche unleashed instead
,Recommended,244210,17346011,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Kimi.Mclaren Mercedes,"Been playing this simulator for quite sometime and planning to be serious about all the driving simulation games genre after completing my studies.+ Really Good GFX+Sound+Nice Interface+Well Precise laser scan cars and tracks+To me it's a absolute worth of money to have it in my library+well detailed world and cars- Online system sucks, rookie drivers tends to crash into you intentionally and ruin your race, lacking of sportmanship from rookie drivers. It would be better if they have ranking system where rookies and the professional sim racing drivers will be divided. You need to put a giant wall in between, it's absolutely annoying.8.5/10 Solid Score"
,Recommended,244210,17562022,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Jonsta,"Controller support is still really janky, but holy madness this is a fantastic racing simulator."
,Recommended,244210,18918522,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Zervani,Awesome game!Nice that I can just download the cars  and maps I want to use. Good force feedback.Don't buy the game if you don't have some kinf of wheel setup!
76561197984013528,Not Recommended,244210,19470602,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,HouseofBurritos,"I was so excited about this game until I progressed to N-1 in career. Never before have I needed to play a racing game with stability control enabled. The KTM ( or whatever) still cant make it around the track without oversteering. If you really want a laugh, look at some of the default vehicle setups. I have set up cup cars, road course cars, and I am also ASE certified. I have played every single big name racing sim, and I think by now I should be able to get a baseline setup on a vehicle on an Xbox controller. Not so with this game. Maybe I will come back after I get a real steering wheel, and edit this review.  I can't suggest this game as a racing wheel only game, seeing as I have no experience in that area.6/10Gives me the Rageuninstalled"
76561198125544972,Recommended,244210,19360641,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,MegaT3D,"To get the most out of this game, you really need a good FFB steering wheel. I run with the Logitech G27, and this game was basically made for this wheel.Ive spent about 70 hours of my overall playtime doing laps of the Nurburgring in a 90s f1 car. Beautiful10/10"
,Recommended,244210,23206153,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Michiru,It's like if Gran Turismo actually kept improving after 4.
76561198141310712,Recommended,244210,20575638,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,zaccolade,"I have to say this,I love this game more than other simulations.i have tested Project Cars of my friend's,and RaceRoom.It feels like RaceRoom,I mean the sounds are realistic and similar to R3E,but AC is just a RaceRoom with much better Graphics.So, 9.8/10 for this game"
76561198106598568,Recommended,244210,20633451,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Greenssteel,"If you are using a 360 controller, this game is NOT for you.1. No clutch button2. Understeer is MUCH worse then any other sim(with a controller)3. Lack of settings for 360 controller4. Stupid penalty systemPros:1. Racing sim2. Great Sound3. Beautiful Surroundings4. Great Physics engine5. ModsDo buy if and ONLY if you own a wheel. Avoid at ALL costs if you own a 360 controller"
,Recommended,244210,20593610,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,iS0,Runs like a dream. Full mod support. Playable with a 360 controller.
,Recommended,244210,20617532,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,S. Baldrick,"Great physics and FFB. The car and track selection is good, but small. Thankfully, there are plenty of mods to choose from."
,Recommended,244210,20598061,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,chocmilk00,"I enjoy racing and this game, racing simulator is pure, what you see on the road or on the track is what you get. Plenty of Mods to go."
76561198054992701,Recommended,244210,20674650,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,upshot8888,"A bit of a learning curve to get familiar with all the controls and configuration but once you can get your head around it, it is really a very good racing game."
,Recommended,244210,23802155,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Just Harry,"Bought the game, 20 minutes after i got blacklisted from one of the servers because everyone crashed into me.10/10 would be blacklisted again."
,Recommended,244210,16527132,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,andra49,"Highly recommended for people who likes doing some hotlapping or practice runs. I said so because honestly the racing aspect of this game is not polished/finished yet(poor AI, no pitstop, etc), so if you want to buy this game to do some racing, i guess it would be wise to wait until there is some updates on that aspect.Other than that, it has good physics, good graphics, and good selection of cars, so I'll give it a 7.5/10."
,Recommended,244210,23432496,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,edgy murphy,For the hardcore driver at heart.
76561198011444085,Recommended,244210,13428105,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,pullitz,Just... amazing with the G29!!!!
76561198036747083,Recommended,244210,13471273,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,ORA-Rick,"Great stuff here. Many years playing rfactor and rfactor2. This trumps them both, and with more yet to come."
76561198085796208,Recommended,244210,20511327,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Mr Foster,"why are you looking at reviews. buy it already.best racing game on the market to date, even better with a force feed back wheel"
76561197995393026,Recommended,244210,17569616,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,joey.kwokhy,"Good graphics, the best physics in sim from my point of view. I just addicted to the hotlap and multiplayer Nurburgring Tourist session."
76561198071656926,Recommended,244210,18882668,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Dogola,Best tarmac racing game
76561198054534157,Recommended,244210,22961570,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Stingray855,Love it! We all have a blast in this Sim
76561198007912025,Recommended,244210,13373075,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Kris.May,"I bought my G27 just for this game and never looked back!! pCars cant compare to the physics of this game. The best racing thus far.Pros: Nice gameplay with my G27, Easy setup tools to setup your car, Best physics, Nice Graphics, Nice FFB, Enjoyed playing this for hours and will enjoy more.Cons: Needs to improve career mode, crappy AI drivers. Always bump my car on every first turn, On the fast straight they side swiped my car. Its like drivers that are on a rampage!! WTH? Online gameplay must be regulized, lots of kids making cars as brakes.Addtl: They should add additional multiplayer races like hot lap and drifting. Additional cars and tracks."
,Recommended,244210,16588787,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,BurN1ng,"Assetto Corsa is the best simulator out there, It's a great experience when you're playing, the driving feels amazing, the tracks are the same as in the real life. If you're looking for a racing simulator, you should buy it."
76561198065419151,Recommended,244210,17689742,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,itye1970,"Its a good game but in my opinion not as many options as Project cars, I've played this on a number of different PCs and video cards and it always seems too bright when the effects are turned on and over saturated.Personally I don't think the physics are better that project cars , In fact I think Project cars and stock car racing extreme are more realistic and drive more like real life.The graphics are great but not as good as P Cars and the options are quite limited, no touring cars with the default package either!I have heard there are plenty of mods but to be honest I cant be bothered downloading mods and trying to get them to work, would be a lot easier if these extras were included in the default game.If you had a choice between this and Project Cars , I would go for Project Cars first , then Stock Car Extreme  and then assetto corsa"
,Recommended,244210,8521231,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,mesa [HUN],Best car simulation ever!
,Recommended,244210,14649876,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,[MAGA]#TRUMP2016,.
,Recommended,244210,18883577,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,dutche99,"Really epic game. Super realistic. The closests thing i've ever seen to real driving. Car and track choice is a bit sparse, GT6 or the new GT Sport thats coming out might be a better value as far as diversity in cars and tracks goes. Still, stellar game. Needs menu music."
,Recommended,244210,18802373,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Pegg,AMAZING GET IT NOW!!!!!!
76561198039737045,Recommended,244210,18753900,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,mitchellmmfi,"Great driving game, pretty well optimized."
76561198004500114,Recommended,244210,23726815,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Kovacs,"Only minor flaws, great mods. Kudos Kunos!"
76561198125913803,Recommended,244210,24484710,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,egor,+Has good graphic.+Has Multiplayer Mode.+Has a good choice of cars and tracks.+It's like driving a real car.=================-Awful brakes.=================4+;1-75 / 100
,Recommended,244210,10966826,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Reverend_Lovefist,Probably the best racing sim I have ever played.
,Recommended,244210,15267911,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,chaz.cleland,"Quality 'game', if you're a racing driver trying to learn cars, tracks or even trying to keep your hand in on the offseason, assetto corsa is brilliant. More of a simulation than many think, the game has a massive modding community which covers almost every race car and every track combination out there. Massively recommend for any racing enthusiast or driver."
,Recommended,244210,15262255,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Dudeman,Incredible! Best value for money I've gotten from a game!
76561198178974397,Recommended,244210,17886248,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,dub537h,"This is the best simulation game to date. The career is waaay too short, but the game gets so much better once you add mods like more cars and tracks. Its a large community, and each car and track mod adds hours of gameplay; at least for me :). I play with an xbox360 controller and i suggest you do the same if you dont have a wheel.I would buy this game over and over again, its just that good.10/10 would fall through the ground into the gray abyss again"
76561198262765326,Recommended,244210,23018071,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Raygor40,May be make some right hand side cars will be better
,Recommended,244210,34727166,Posted: 3 September,all,Klosss,Nc game but kinda boring main menu
76561198033020261,Recommended,244210,13738845,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,crasy_fingers,"best racing simulation, as realistic as rFactor and iRacing with much better graphics, looks very good and runs smooth even on my 7 year old PC (q6600 and 4gb of ddr2 ram, although i  did upgrade my GPU to a radeon 7750)"
76561198098064898,Recommended,244210,33941723,Posted: 31 July,all,drKorf,"This is probably the best hardcore simulator. Others include Automobilista, iRacing, rFactor2, Project CARS, and RaceRoom Racing Experience. Each has its own strengths and weaknesses. If you want to race online, iRacing has the best match-making system. If you want to race offline, Automobilista has the best AI. If you like visuals, Project CARS is best. Assetto Corsa does everything really well and has the best modding community. So you can find a lot of great cars and tracks you can't get in other games, often for free."
,Recommended,244210,18190520,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,I bims 1 hydrophomnischa Freumd,It is my first racing sim and i realy love it! I even want to buy a Logitech g29 just for this game!
76561197983360943,Recommended,244210,28963762,Posted: 2 January,all,Pvt. Joker,"I was on the fence with buying this for a while, but I have no regrets. This is by no means a perfect game, but it is VERY good. Outstanding graphics, great physics... Totally worth a buy. Just wish there were more street cars - at least ones that aren't dlc."
76561198072429056,Recommended,244210,21698750,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Igor,AWESOMMEEEEEE !!!!!!
76561198203159866,Recommended,244210,22117153,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Za_RaCeR,Best rcing simulation ive ever been privilidged to use.
,Recommended,244210,7946635,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,campusmaximus,Having played it so far I would have to say stick with iRacing.
,Recommended,244210,31306109,Posted: 22 April,all,Dark Redslayer,"After putting a few hours into this (4atm) I can say this is a solid game, with some flaws that most ""sims"" seem to have.Some of the cars drive a little strange, others drive like cars from Forza (no grip), some have body roll way beyond their real life counter parts and quite often cars don't respond realistically to counter steer (though it's FAR better than Project cars on that front) but for the most part they are pretty fun to drive. AI isn't great, but isn't horrible, I'd say so far it's more enjoyable to race than that of Pcars AI, as it seems far more aware of the player than the AI in Pcars.Track list is weak without DLC, not so great with it but better. Car list is ok, nothing to call home over.My biggest annoyance so far is the penalty system, similar to Pcars you have to slow down if you manage to go off course in the wrong spot, and much like Pcars the loss of time from the penalty is 10-15x what you ever could have gained from 'cutting' the corner. What's worse this happens on the outside of corners in some places. But unlike Pcars 1990s arcade game style of slow down penalties, this game allows you to come off throttle and coast out the penalty where ever you like. Meaning it's far safer for the cars behind than Pcars (imo) stupid system of slow down penalties, in where it basically slams on your cars brakes for you and slows you to about 40 mph, which I've seen end in wrecks almost every time when it happens in a multiplayer race.If I had to buy one or the other, as much as I hate to say it, I'd buy Pcars. But, this plays differently enough, that even if you already own Pcars, it's worth a buy on sale at the least. (which I suggest waiting for, because the game is pretty light on content without the DLC, which is around 35 bucks for all of it when on sale for 50% off)"
76561198257895929,Recommended,244210,31271785,Posted: 21 April,all,DieHardMetalHead,Best Race Sim Ever.Period.#after getting more interested about sim racing games i can give this game a 7/10.
76561198340062871,Recommended,244210,31516916,Posted: 2 May,all,Bigpedross,best driving simulation on the market !!! and good drifthing community
,Recommended,244210,26270063,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Maxbeebs,"Assetto Corsa is one of the most innovative racing simulators on the market to date.The game with all of its features/dlc is an endless ammount of fun for what you pay for and get in return compared to other games/sims. (I Just wish it had a Season Pass so I don't have to keep buying the dlc..)The community is very open to newcomers with or without knowledge of cars. (I just wish the Multiplayer menus were overhauled inorder to find servers easily rather than diging through a huge list.)I've proudly played 150hours (At time of review) (235hours - 25/04/17) and I can say that it has always kept a grip on me, I've never once got bored of the game itself, only the Multiplayer servers which can be boring from time to time depending on what time you play and what server.Overall the game is the perfect blend of handling, graphics and audio 10/10 Well Done Kunos Simulazioni"
76561198046320720,Recommended,244210,15822722,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,plooukie,k.
,Recommended,244210,14051952,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Kitten,"Assetto Corsa is a great sim. Kunos being such a small company managed to do quite alot! Must say i am quite impressed!Sound: 10/10Physics: 10/10FFB: 10/10Multiplayer Experience: 5/10Career Mode: Must say feels more like... Well honestly... Gran Turismo License test... Kinda blandIn all ill give Assetto Corsa 8/10, Hope to see more development from Kunos.. Cheers!"
,Recommended,244210,8736654,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,nitrazep4m,best driving sim to date. overall.
,Recommended,244210,14174030,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Rhysy,"The is no better driving simulator out there, bar none.  The base game stands head and shoulder above other simulators.  Add to the the steady stream of new content (tracks and cars) from both the developers and community, makes this a must have.It is truly addicting."
,Recommended,244210,23381153,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,MechaGandhi,".:Overall Rating:.9.1 out of 10.:Overview:.Assetto Corsa is by far the best PC racing sim on the market.  The physics are a cut above the competition, and the possibilities are unlimited with the built in mod support.  The developers have been very active in the support and are stil plugging away at new free content as well as DLC..:The Good:.-Mod support-VR support-Tons of wheel & controller support-Fantastic force feedback implementation-Very well optimized-Laser scanned tracks, including Nurburgring-Extremely accurate and complex physics model-Audio is awesome-Consistent support and improvement with bug fixes, upgrades, and new free & DLC content.:The Bad:.-Only one light source supported-No night racing-No weather-UI stuff can be inconsistent-Absolutely no customization or aftermarket modifications beyond tuning-Not many liveries or trim levels for each vehicle"
,Recommended,244210,12515075,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,jumpo80,Best racing game for PC
76561198063916447,Recommended,244210,24095640,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,flat tire,Best out of the box driving simulator available.
,Recommended,244210,30253933,Posted: 28 February,all,A991.2,:) :) :) any car loving person must buy this game!
,Recommended,244210,30345988,Posted: 5 March,all,MajorBeefTaco,The BEST TYRE MODEL and DRIFT PHYSICS i've ever seen in a racing sim. I really only use Assetto Corsa for Hot Lap Time Trials and Drift Sessions.I use a Thrustmaster T300 RS as my servo motor and let me tell you...100% Force Feedbake in this game will nearly break your wrist if you're not paying attention. (And thats even using a brushless motor instead of a direct drive!) The accuacy and reaction of every little detail on the track and with the car transfer instantly thru the wheel. Attention to detail was definetly noticed when the Devs were making this sim. Thumbs up.
,Recommended,244210,29878290,Posted: 12 February,all,Elahnahtan,"Assetto Corsa - A true, perfect example of what racing games should be.Assetto Corsa is a great game for those enthusiastic about racing and racing simulation.The physics - Assetto Corsa has some of the best physics I have ever seen in a modern racing game. Whilst it may not have the best physics, they truely are still amazing. When purchasing Assetto Corsa, you get great physics for a great price without anything else taking a hit, nothing seems outdated and all in all, it's very clean.Pros:-MODS, MODS, MODS! - Assetto Corsa offers full mod support and my God are there some great mods that make the game just that bit better.-Updates are still pushed out.-Graphics are great. (They may not be the best compared to visuals of other games but they're still great.)-Great, wide variation of cars. (European/Japanese/American).-An career mode for those who like it.-Controller support. (Great for racing wheels.)-Multiple monitor/multimonitor support.-Clean looking in-game apps/HUD features that can be added, removed and moved around to where you like.-Lazer scanned tracks.Cons:-No clutch bite like in a real car.-No night time. :(-Needs rain!Assetto Corsa is an absolutely superb investment if you are looking for a good racing simulation game that does not put a massive hole in your pocket. Coming along with the relatively low price tag is:-Plenty of cars.-Plenty of tracks.-Lots of easy to install mods.-And a great community!In summary:Asseto Corsa is a great looking game with a wide range of vehicles and tracks for a great price tag.  Not only this, you get mod support, lots of mods and controller support making the game more immersive. The game however needs night and rain to add that little bit more variation and possible fun. Overall, I reccommend Assetto Corsa to avid racers and give it a 9/10.See you on the racetrack! :)"
,Recommended,244210,21421807,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,CrispyBanana,when i play it feels likehttps://youtu.be/17XBW5OZdOMhttps://youtu.be/ACqfX5DkZKE
76561198119491289,Recommended,244210,25187170,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,*SwapZ* ¤G Funk¤,"Instead of buying an expensive pc to play this, i could actually buy a car and drive on Nordschleife!!10/10Still think i am going to buy a new pc. This game looks amazing.UPDATE: So i bought the PC, instead of a car. Could have had a good looking BMW E36 right now but you know, PC MASTER RACE, i guess...Now i am sitting here realizing that i probably need a racing wheel, so i am gonna go buy that too. Could've got myself some nice racing seats for the price of such a wheel.UPDATE: Got the wheel, and oh my! It´s worth it. Now i can drive a LaFerrari instead of an E36 in real life. This is the best game i have on steam."
,Recommended,244210,14334067,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,FuckHands McMike,I♥♥♥♥♥THE EXHAUST PIPE
76561198149981715,Recommended,244210,23188056,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,brendon.okeson,Great drifting game and supports to new mods
,Recommended,244210,23666238,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,ICBreaker,"Any racing sim fan will know that this game is the pinnacle of the genre.I've waited a long time to settle for a game that would challenge my driving skills through a good variety of tracks and cars without having graphics from the year 2000, while having real car physics. Everytime I launch the game I'm amazed at the car and track details. The attention to the sound needs to be pointed out for it's fidelity. The chills you get from a Ferrari raging on Spa is difficult to describe.Career mode is good enough to give you a good taste of all the cars, but the AI is plain stupid so don't waste too much of your time with it and come enjoy the awesome multiplayer that Assetto Corsa offers.You'll always find a server that suits your driving needs. GT3, drift, old school cars, you name it you have it.If you prefer to dive into challenges, you can try the special events, but be warned, these are really hard to get (Gold one) and you'll have to truely master the car you're driving AND the track.TL;DR: Great game with an awesome community, plenty of content for vanilla version but DLC (Dreampack) are really worth having imo. Multiplayer is the most interesting part of the game so give it a go!"
76561198040849360,Recommended,244210,23296922,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,OHMecha,"Assetto Corsa goes hard in the paint, son. Its everything but superficial sensualism and the grind of having to equip ""upgraded"" parts to your vechile in order to tune it. However i think if there was a mod or career feature in the game that let someone ""earn"" parts and unlock cars to be able to customize performance or paint colors etc, yet still have the default cars available online and so forth then it would 'Hook' even more people who need the persuasion of perceptive progression. Otherwise sit down, grab the wheel and experience the most well rounded and potentially most fun Automotive SIm on Steam.Ps. They released a graphics update after the full release even and seem to listen to most notorious requests from the community, and are consistent and considerate about pricing of DLC and providing new content."
,Recommended,244210,18577993,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,NTU,"Ever since patch 1.3 with the 64-bit multithreaded physics engine and better force feedback, the game has improved dramatically and car control is absolutely insanly accurate. I honestly used to hate AC because it was so laggy, but now it is PERFECT! Must buy!"
76561198006212102,Recommended,244210,20761784,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Mr.Binks,Generally decent sim.
,Recommended,244210,17230601,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,p1LL,Oculus Rift DK2 + Logitech G29 = omfg awesome!it's like I'm in a real car 8)
76561198015517315,Recommended,244210,9424191,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,GHOST,"This is a simulator for real drivers,i love it."
76561198086662205,Recommended,244210,9872805,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,STARCORE,b****y  excellent!
,Recommended,244210,9942839,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Dany Mitchel,I found this game was not only good looking it actualy feels as real to life as any other Sim I have ever triedthe set up page for the cars is a bit of a wierd format and not very clear in some respects a good example of thisis Brake Bias your choices are Higher or lower the number no indications on what is what a simple F:R at each end would make that very simple that is just 1 case there are a few.now after saying that after making your changes you can feel the effects for better or for worse it is greatThe App System Is Fantastic Onboard Settings : Allow you to get the perfect seat Postion Every Time. for Single Screens or For Triple Screen this game loves it.Now Coming up Is Developers Section for Track and Car Modelling I can Not Fracking Wait.More Games Like this please !!!Would I recommend this game ?  YES!Would I gift this game ? YES!If You Like Driving Get Assetto Corsa
,Recommended,244210,11833980,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,aaron,Simply an amazing racing simulator.
76561198032003032,Recommended,244210,9537171,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Grinner75,The PC equivalent to PS Grand Tourismo!
76561197984791454,Recommended,244210,11812812,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Jim,"Honestly one  of the best simulation I've played and I enjoy it. In the same rank of Rfactor and Race07 yet, I can't wait to see the final version."
,Recommended,244210,12068685,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Rick Flair,"Great game!! like most ""Sim"" racers it takes some tuning and adjusting (of both steering wheel and pc) but once i got everything in order, it is one of the best racers i have ever played."
76561198015937695,Recommended,244210,9945811,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,knot,lookin sweet
76561197984576500,Recommended,244210,11849005,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Moonshadow,"Previous reviewers have pretty much covered the tech side of this exceptional racing sim.I wanted to add a more subjective view, as a retired automotive engineer who owns  and sometimes races a classic MG this is everything you could possibly want from a racing sim.The graphics, and the physics of the cars want for nothing IMHO and help give you total immersion and a feeling of ""being there""  if you take your racing sims seriously  Assetto Corsa is for you."
,Recommended,244210,11857631,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,shaunwengchee,awesome game! but i think the gamepad need to be improved.
76561198017425725,Recommended,244210,11812058,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Nij,"Graphics are good but do not rival those of Project CARS, however the physics are superior in every way, with more feel and feedback through a wheel (Fanatec CSR Wheel)"
,Recommended,244210,11844251,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,withered_maple♥椛犬走,"after a few hours on that game, i can be happy with what i see, a lot of content need to be added from the devs, like cars and racetracks, the game itself is very developped towards simualtion, and also very technical of car improvement/customization, i am sure this game would please peoples that enjoy simulation over arcadish type race game."
,Recommended,244210,9813988,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,[BCKS] Azah,Amazing...Needs Lamborghini
,Recommended,244210,34279877,Posted: 16 August,all,FC-ARC André,"No reverse lights. This game is kinda bad, no attention to simple to add details. Everything else in this game is better then any other car game tho."
,Recommended,244210,11316942,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,batuzzy,"Early Access Review:I crash, nothing happened to my cars. But I crash with styleAfter Release Review:10/10 the best racing sim to date[TL:DR] Jump to the conclusion if you're too lazy to read. At some point I'm brave enough to compare it to its competitor because I have both the game.Seriously, if you guys like to hop in a real racing feel, you wouldn't want to miss this game. Not only does it have the best physics, but the important thing is that the devs who's making this game is very commitment to fix any issue and deliver it at the announced date. The devs deserves more that 40$, so when the DLC is coming, I'll buy it right away. Don't mention about a good range of controller support, good physics, nice drift experience, good modding support, good community, and a nice realistic feedback.This is the first reason why I start buying legit games (not to mention that I was a badass pirate back then :P). Since the very beginning stage of development (I start buying this game in July 2014), they've been dedicated themselves to address the issues, to add new features, and everything they state each 2 weeks. And also on that 2 weeks they had successfully achieved the target. When they needed to add more time to get the target they always announce it to the community that they'll need to extend the development time to implement their target in a good way. Seriously, you won't find easily any devs like this in this era.Maybe the cons is that for some people the graphics aren't really that good. Yes I admit it, but don't compare this game's graphics with pCARS. In terms of graphics, pCARS triumphs over this game, but in terms of replayability, gameplay, feel, and fun, this game is so great that I just♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants. Really. Well maybe not really fun for some people, since it is a simulator, but I can say that the game feel absolutely wins over the competitor.Oh yeah, the other things you might consider that there isn't weather system (like rain. Besides rain, they implemented weather like fog, and clear, that affects the way the track temperature changes) in this game, compared to the competitor, but as a change you'll still get a good gameplay. And there isn't night racing for you. But as I can say again, you'll still get a good gameplay. And the career mode is, well, all I can say is a meh. Then again, you'll still get a good gameplay. And the pit stop, which can only be used in MP. Again, you'll still get a good gameplay. The AI? Not good yet not bad either. At least you can still race against them, unlike its competitor.Conclusion: Grab it as fast as you can. Furthermore if it's on sale. You won't easily find any devs again that is in a real commitment to fix the issue, mend the game, and REALLY care about their community. All I can say is that this is such a masterpiece of next-gen gaming. Some of the racing company have used this game. I don't know exactly which companies, but you can check it on AC FB page. So what are you waiting for?10/10 the best racing simulator to date"
76561198110237624,Recommended,244210,29323641,Posted: 17 January,all,anthot4,"A very good game. Excellent graphics, it may not have the best physics but they are still good."
,Recommended,244210,34069478,Posted: 6 August,all,QuasarBarkas,"I love it, but I dont know how to drive anything.Rip me."
,Recommended,244210,8461664,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Jai,"This game is soooooo sexy, the detail of cars is fooking amazing.If you love cars and want to tweak every aspect of a setup and have the most realistic drivng in gaming and beautiful looking cars, then definitly buy this.10/10 Would Bang"
,Recommended,244210,34079725,Posted: 7 August,all,petskuletsku,Best driving simulator in steam.
,Recommended,244210,29072320,Posted: 6 January,all,T3nn0u™,My favourite driftsim ^_^
,Recommended,244210,20289478,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Bob Hamburger,"If you're looking for a realistic racing simulator, buy this game. I love it, but I still think that it needs something more to be completed.First of all it needs a real career mode.Something that makes you keep playing it, with some sort of ""character progression"" like a way to buy cars and play in different championships.Muliplayer needs an official matchmaking and rank system.I still recommend this game for those that love supercars (especially who has a good steering wheel) and like driving some laps with friends in multiplayer servers.Developers are very active and release updates periodically adding cars, circuits and improving realism.Hope to see new features in future!"
76561198015903314,Recommended,244210,20373467,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,TFD '83 NZ,Best drving sim out there.
,Recommended,244210,20435616,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,milspec,"Feels real, working on my lap times in a Shelby Cobra takes grit and determination. My father, who used to race real cars, loves it."
76561198074723994,Recommended,244210,20268460,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Husqvarna<3,nic gam
76561198151722745,Recommended,244210,20403569,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,WATERWATCHER,love it so much
,Recommended,244210,20983297,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,DJ Dumpster Dick,"mad skidzgreat online, very respectable drivers"
,Recommended,244210,19295957,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,cheeto doggo,"All of these are rated on a scale of 1-10, 10 being best and 1 being worst.Game play: 9/10 Near perfect. Driving is superb and very realistic.Graphics: 9/10 Again near perfect. The graphics are beautiful.Story: NAMultiplayer Experience: 7/10. It really depends on what server you play on. If you're looking for serious racing I wouldn't recommend playing on public servers because there's always some idiot who wants to just wreck you off of the track.Single player Experience: 7/10 Bots aren't the best but they aren't the worst.Overall (Average): 8/10 Great buy although a little pricey."
76561197980166730,Recommended,244210,19418184,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Swedish Pagan,"I Like so many of the simulation fans are looking for the one ""thing"", and like race 07 this one delivers, it does have its fault sure, but where it matters it is pretty much spot on, the feel with FFB wheel is second to none, the graphics is nice and the fact that you can add mods will make this game last for years and years.I give this game a solid 9 out of 10"
76561198010883726,Recommended,244210,20321123,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,[C.O.G] Mr DUI,"Great physics, looks fantastic and superb varied car and track list."
,Recommended,244210,23081859,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,♕ Madskillz ♕,not quite what i was expecting! its is a beautiful game with great controls and physics but suffers from a lack of options and there is no depth to the career mode .......with that being said it still worth picking up!
,Recommended,244210,10878317,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,[FTL] Pignessmonster,yea its bretty gurd
,Recommended,244210,16734348,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,D3ATHCR3W,GREAT TRIPLE monitors set-up [surrond nvidia]3x benq 27inchgforce nividia TITAN BLACKintel i7 4790k 4-core    8- way multitask processing    turbo boost 2.0option video EVERYTHING ON ULTRA or HIGH specially in REFLECTION option90+ steady FPSEVERYTHING IS SMOOTH !G27 logitech ALL THE WAYNO arms NO steering weel  checkbox optionYOU DO SMELL THE TIRES BURNING !
76561198106012888,Recommended,244210,11238126,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,alanbrown352,"Refund...you must improve this game much more than it's current state, or I will be all over advising people not to buy this game. Right now I feel like I've wasted my hard earned money."
76561198089577898,Recommended,244210,9275727,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Pound her harder,"ALl is great accept for loss of quality when you create other npc's, and how large the turning circle is of many of the cars. you cannot go through the corners at ANY speed i you simply just drive off the track."
,Recommended,244210,9971708,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Funbit,Superb!
76561197979398440,Recommended,244210,11526017,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,supernovanexus,The game has now become unusable since the update. The car loads and then nothing happens.
,Recommended,244210,12110075,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,sir_bacharach,"Ultra realistic, an XBOX Forza contender. The only problem I found, was that when using my xbox steering wheel the car felt really twitchy and once the back end was out on a rear wheel drive car, I had pretty much no chance of recovering. I'll definitely keep my eye on this one though as it's a beautiful looking game, great sound, great control options, it's not finished yet, but I think this is gonna be a winner."
76561198103500214,Recommended,244210,12323027,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,flooringjohn,"The game seems great, but I'm not trying to be a pro-driver and think that the easy setting should set the AI alot more easier cause as many times I try I can't beat most races.  I""m using G27 wheel which work great with it, but please have H=shifter work with all cars. I think their are alot of people who just want to have relaxing fun by feeling like a pro-driver and being able to win most races without having to spend 10,000 hours tweaking cars and practicing. And for hard core players; let them set AI to harder. (I'm older,52, so maybe my reflex are not as good as the young guys out there)Also I did not grow up working on cars and all the settings leave me quite confused and how they all tie together  on the car and with the track I""m racing. It would be great to have videos of guys that are pros at those settings; show dummies like me the details of a good car set-up.Over all the game is amazing, graphics and sound and a must have driving game for all who love racing games. Thanks Assetto Corsa designers, but please consider those things I""ve mentioned for us old farts out there:)"
76561197969980373,Recommended,244210,10358950,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Supercharger1984,Best racing sim at the moment! I really love the physics and graphic. Project CARS will be a tight competition to this game!
76561198080394401,Recommended,244210,19189374,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,[DADs]InceptedSting,Assetto Corsa is the best driving simulator I've ever played despite the fact I don't understand the menus.But that's probably my own stupid brain up to it's normal self
76561198072499613,Recommended,244210,19360614,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Fishbonezken,"Wtf 50% off??? Kunos(the developer) is seriously underselling themselves, I get that they are trying to reach a larger audience, but the price is way too low for a game of this quality. I enjoy driving fast in real life and enjoy playing driving games. I'm no hardcore sim racer who can lap a track ridiculously fast, but I really enjoy driving. If you do too, you will love this game/sim.Many people have said that Assetto Corsa is more like a hotlap simulator, if anything, it is THE BEST hotlap simulator. No other game/sim comes close in terms of physics, force feedback, track and car quality plus accuracy. I only have about 150 hours of actual driving in this game and have not even started to tinker with car settings yet.My initial impressions was that all the cars seem to be too slidy/understeery. There isn't enough grip like other driving games. But after getting used to it, you'll feel like driving in other games is like driving a train on rails.Assetto Corsa communicates road and tyre feedback the most accurately in my humble opinion. You can really feel the road, just try driving on Nordschleife. The undulations of the track, the tyre grooves, and even the grafitti on the road can be felt and affects the grip of the tyres.As mentioned, I'm only a 'casual sim racer' and started playing this with a gamepad controller. Even with a controller, it felt more realistic than Project Cars. Assetto made me bought a wheel and made me build my own rig.Pic:http://i11.photobucket.com/albums/a182/rohteeplunta/04_1.jpgIt's definitely a game worth keeping in your Steam library, at 50% off, its a steal, if you don't like it, just refund. Also, buy the Dream Packs.But providing the most realistic driving experience doesn't make it the perfect driving game. There are certain things I wish they would improve on,1) Provide dedicated servers for multiplayer and make race scheduling and registration built in rather than having to log in to different forums and websites. The servers with the lowest ping for me are French and German servers, but I don't understand the language, which makes it difficult to register on their website/forum. having something built in will make the racing experience far more accessible than simply giving a 50% discount. I don't mind paying an optional monthly subscription plan for such a thing, such as iRacing's model. But the physics and graphics of iRacing feels too outdated, it probably appeals more to the hardcore sim racers. Assetto's game/simulation engine strikes a great balance of physics and graphics. Project Cars look pretty but feels utterly disconnected to the road.2) Graphical(?) improvement for single monitor users. I'm not sure how to say this but Assetto does not translate the sense of speed that well. Example, when compared Codemasters' latest DiRT Rally. Maybe that's the compromise of having an accurate field of view?3) *more like expanded point no.1* A multiplayer ranking system that groups drivers of similar skill. Maybe the progress and stats in career mode can help with doing the grouping. There's probably too little players at this point for such a system. Hence, please make console and PC cross-platform like Rocket League !!! Include ranked and unranked mode, basically copy Rocket League's system. They have cross-platform matchmaking without charging a monthly subscription.4) Lastly, more cars and tracks please. Their reproduction of tracks and cars are simply great. although there are many free user made tracks and cars(mods), they just don't feel the same. The latest addition of the R8 V10 is fantastic, driving it on the nurbugring feels amazing. Hire more people, get it done, you have the core game engine to become the PC's Gran Turismo, don't slow down.5) A fancier looking + easier to navigate UI/menu. This should be the easiest to do and have the most impact on new players.Keep it up Kunos, I'm glad such a game even exists.P.S.6) Add left and right turn indicator, to signal others to allow for overtake."
,Recommended,244210,15071664,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,CommanderCartmen,"It's a fun racing game, but really hard."
,Recommended,244210,15071809,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Syk3 - www.twitch.tv/syk3_,"Pretty good game, realistic feel do recomend."
76561197988937226,Recommended,244210,15178865,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Wichita,"I do like playing this game, but AAAAAHHHHHHHHHH! I have a logitech G27 + shiffter, and i can not get it to quit automatic shifting, and The shifter will not work. i play it on other games just fine. I also wached multiple videos, and nothing. I have had this game from the begining. I STILL CANT PLAY with theshiffter AAAWWWWW.PS i will not play again."
76561198092022385,Recommended,244210,12741155,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,CheeseLiicker,heaps good game. very good if u want a race sim. the only problem is u need a preaty good computer to run it. otherwise great game.
76561198071361221,Recommended,244210,7935987,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,David,Great game.
,Recommended,244210,10883130,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Geeman,"Being a large racing junky, I'm always weary to buy a game without a demo at the very least, but I saw it on Steam and thought, why not.I have to say, I'm very impressed.  Graphically looks great, but even down to the gameplay, feels controllable but realistic.  A very well designed, well thought out game.  I look forward to the future, and can't wait to see what's in store.Also, a large modding ability will ensure that this game will continue to be played for YEARS to come.  So long as the devs continue to tweak, improve and add, people will flock back to this, season after season of racing! =P"
76561198033501535,Recommended,244210,15908566,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,dewimccar,"Simply the best, nothing else to say."
76561198102862655,Recommended,244210,14518141,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Big Mac,really easy to mod
76561198159686024,Recommended,244210,13508336,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,TheIronMiners90,"Great game, but I'd like to see a LOT more tracks (espically tracks from America) and cars. I'd like support for TWO screens for my simulator cockpit. Support for more Fanatec wheels would be awesome, too. Changing all around sensivitity would be just insane. This game has the potential to kick iRacing and Project CARS in the bottom, but for now, 3/5."
,Recommended,244210,7894014,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,GabeN Blessed My Life,"20/10, will play forever."
,Recommended,244210,12599933,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Spike,"Absolutely amazing.Still got a lot of bugs to work out, but as far as realism, nothing compares. This is what you play with a full racing sim setup. Works great with the Logitech G27 racing wheel.Oculus Rift DK2 support is sketchy at the moment (no menu support, so that takes some playing with), but once in the vehicle, AMAZING!"
,Recommended,244210,12590627,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,wheeltowheel,"Definetely a work in progress. The physics model doesn't feel as dialed in as other PC simulators. There are some awesome cars to choose from, but not very many. Lots of graphical slowdowns, especially in 3rd person view (with i7 and GTX 780). Not very friendly with a 360 controller, a wheel is almost mandatory. On the plus side, there is a huge range of customizable settings for the car's track setup and on-screen information. Really love that you can place your HUD info anywhere you want. Hoping to see this game become more polished over time."
,Recommended,244210,10996285,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Flex,swag
76561198082276297,Recommended,244210,12952239,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,[Rocky] RICK200CUP,You've heard the term DRIVERS CAR. well this is a DRIVERS GAME.
76561198082215498,Recommended,244210,12957345,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Geezeronwheels,Best racing simulator I've played!!!
,Recommended,244210,12964094,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,David Watzke,"It's very realistic, fun and beatiful game. I can't get enough of it and I recommend it to anyone who loves driving and racing cars."
76561198106033259,Recommended,244210,13002096,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Palouse,"Two thumbs up!!  This sim is to much fun, I would recomend it to enyone.  If i had a motion simulator for this game it would be unreal! I mean REAL"
,Recommended,244210,13016148,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Creees,"Amazing realism in all aspects, graphics, physics, simulation. Kudos for Kunos!"
76561198227832364,Recommended,244210,22956785,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,XXXanaX,Very good game but I would suggest a controller because the keyboard and mouse could be buggy sometimes
,Recommended,244210,22960167,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,"^+N=8[qh8S{Y:cE9jpe!+6{,\Cv97m.",Good
76561197970397017,Recommended,244210,17512812,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Frozen Hobbit,I'll never be able to play Gran Turismo again...  The sound alone is years ahead.
,Recommended,244210,18586502,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,ScoobyDoobie,"Excellent game. I just wish the online community was stronger with more variety of racing groups i.e touge(Mt. Pass racing) drift, and more tangable cars because the love of motor sport starts in your driveway"
76561198031692988,Recommended,244210,18622925,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Pickle Rick,"Great sim racer, best played with a wheel but a controller would also do. Keeps getting better and better with the work done by Kunos"
,Recommended,244210,17387945,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Kacheltisch,"If you want a racing simulator, this is it. the best physics and graphics in one package, something that no other sim mastered yet.A viable alternative to iRacing, with a lot of mods, cars and tracks.An incredibly good dev team that listens to the community.Oh, and finally AI that's not totally ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t."
,Recommended,244210,17393759,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,*Rawr* x3,"Awesome game, good physichs.Fun to play online and do tandems with friends. Never really tried serious racing so I don't really know about that.But I do recommend it!"
,Recommended,244210,17415210,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,BongWeasley,best racing sim on the market
,Recommended,244210,17545569,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,jaybot7,"Great racing sim. Reminds me of the early GT games on PS2/3. Not *quite* as polished as other titles, but the racing is solid."
76561197993843818,Recommended,244210,18592849,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Cappy,Great Sim!!!!
,Recommended,244210,16964485,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,[SooS] Turf,"Solid and strong physics, good performance options for older hardware and a mostly decent online community make for some great racing.Having plenty of options to tweek your vehicle, some nice but not too crazy damage effects and a half decent offline career mode (without all the usual bollocky character stuff) is going to give it some longevity. Seems to have a good mod community too.I've played many racers for over 20 years, Pit Stop, TOCCA, Race, Grid etc etc - and this seems one of the best balanced in terms of petrol-head geekout, drivable physics and online play without too many ♥♥♥♥♥.I dream for the BTCC 2000 mod, or a full DTM or STCC mod. Im sure someones working on it..."
76561198088808363,Recommended,244210,17017110,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,ben,"Played driving simulators all my life from the Spectrum to hard driving at the Arcade, Indycar series, so on and so forth.Assetto Corsa is the game I always dreamed about, it's mindmeltingly awesome and can only get better with more cars and more content.BUY IT!"
76561198057080287,Recommended,244210,17328050,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,uteropo,"This is as good of a racing sim as your are going to get.Cars are acurate, they feel as a car should and the variety of cars keps everything fresh and adds re-playability. The tracks are also great, they are laser scanned so every little bump that is in real life comes to life, especially the nurburgring, at this point it is the only laser scanned Nordschleife out there all other simulated versions of the Nordschleife are not really comparable.Multiplayer is solid, I wish there was voice chat and a way to compare your stats against other users, in this area Iracing is better no doubt but in the driving itself they are very difficult to separate.Highly recommend and a must have for sim racers."
,Recommended,244210,17446496,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,KeXy,The best Racing Simulator I have ever tryed.but one - is that it dont support WIN 10 on the 1.2 update please fix this fast and I miss the audi r8 and audi a7/s7/rs7 please add this Kunos.
76561198018813530,Recommended,244210,17469690,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Daboss302,"Great game, needs more packs more cars more tracks although you can get mods i would like to see some more come from the developers."
,Recommended,244210,17713826,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Uchiyamada,Ummmmmm...Lotus 49/10
76561198077168667,Recommended,244210,18521269,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,the harsh prune,"Feels realistic as anything if you know how to set the game up to your taste, plenty of hours can be consumed on this game expecially with a couple friends, wish the UI was closer to forza or project cars or even gran turismo as i 100% like all them games!!  (I like the amount of races/customisable options and not forgetting the car upgrades on them games). Overall though,The game i would give 10/10 on the handling mechanics etc (And the apps in race oh thats cool!!!!) but painfully give a 6-7/ 10 for the UI and the amount of cars and races available as a full game. id also love to sneakly see weather effects and light effects integrated into the game and i understand its difficult work to do but man project cars weather effect is pretty neat :) on a whole def get this game if you want a good feeling racer that makes you engulfed in the zone and you dont mind some considerable hours taken away ;)"
,Recommended,244210,16830741,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Bracci,"even real world drivers use it for practice (I know not only local, but world touring car driver(s) who use it weekly-monthly). if this doesn't grant you then I don't know what (oh and try some mods, because the basic ingame cars could have a little more real physics)"
,Recommended,244210,16943982,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,City Councilman,Realistic PhysicsSupports ModdingExcellent Simulator for both racing and drifting
,Recommended,244210,17116312,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,AD,"At first look the menu was looking not really good but after you get used to it, it rocks!The game itself is awesome too with its possible mods!love it."
76561197990192335,Recommended,244210,17331677,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Lightmanek,"Most realistic car handling I've experienced in a game!Compared to my real life E92 my virtual E92 experienced the same oversteer and understeer depending on corner approach and throttle application. Good training before going to Nurburgring for sure!If you turn all the aids off, playing with a proper wheel is a must, otherwise prepare to be slow or crashing a lot :)Great sim for anyone into car racing!"
,Recommended,244210,17347560,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Nick Crompton,"This game is amazing fun, even though I'm terrible at it even with a G27. Graphics may not be as good as some other racing games, but the quality of the engine and physics more than makes up for it. For me, it's a steep learning curve but its still fun while struggling to get better and better lap times and learn how to balance a slide.11/10"
,Recommended,244210,21513404,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,tincanman,"Good physics, good force feedback, good graphics, great selection of cars and tracks (and easy access to mods), okay AI.As many has said, it's great for hotlaps and drift events, but not good for true side by side racing with other humans (for true multiplayer, get iRacing instead). Multiplayer is a bit glitchy and too many first turn wrecks. The car selection is vast and varied (no rally or offroad tho), but most of the DLCs and patches recently had been focused on GT3 cars, which gets a bit repetitive and boring. The physics, force feedback, and graphics are all good, but not great.The good thing is that the devs are active and still developing this game, which is much better than what PCars has to offer in terms of support."
,Recommended,244210,21108483,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,3-6-9  34-21,"Not much of a game, it's a hotlapping simulator, but for a simulator it's a damn good one."
,Recommended,244210,21141565,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,harrygoozee,"Add some mods to this game, and it becomes a very fun simulator. I play it with a G25 and the force feedback feels great. I know some people don't like music in racing games, but I think the ability to listen to radio streams (like in ETS2) would make this game even better."
,Recommended,244210,21157332,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Roadman Shaq,It's a great game...but what happened to oculus rift support? I can't get my DK1 to work with this game...The screen is just messed up.
,Recommended,244210,22200168,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,bongofury,This latest update really steps up the quality and realism of this game.  I play them all and have to say that Assetto Corsa does the best job with their updates.  Each of the Simulator games have their Pro/Cons but if Assetto Corsa keeps on this path they will end up with the best combination of all them.
76561198142022609,Recommended,244210,21155218,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,sbarcea_sorin,This sim racing game is excelent. I appriciate all the work made by the Kunos guys. Keep it real.
76561198041486130,Recommended,244210,8197193,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,aldibe72,"This game is a must for all driving enthusiasts!Although in early access mode, it is an immersive experience of close-to-real drive.The physics is superb; good feedback, also for the x360 controller.With a steering wheel you can really feel the curbs corner after corner.A must for any car lover !!!"
76561198018652586,Recommended,244210,25187251,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Miniman,I cant even drift in the game...yet I already want to try in real life.  Excellent simulation game.
76561197974721088,Recommended,244210,16813008,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,cosmin,"Great driving, great graphics, great sound, Highly recommended!"
76561198025542666,Recommended,244210,17343697,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,extreame-gamingpc,no suport for oculus no sory bad suport is paine to run the game in dk2
76561198124126651,Recommended,244210,17434631,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Noktyri,"It's a racing game that's still brilliant even without a controller or wheel. Best PC driving sim I've played and worth every cent of the comparatively low pricetag (against Project Cars etc.) The only thing for me was that some of the cars felt pretty twichy at first, so some of the presets for racing wheels are a bit too sensitive."
76561198104184422,Recommended,244210,17513101,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,tayfunpower,the best sim right now on the market
76561198010800766,Recommended,244210,17760158,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Trixt,81%
76561198118665140,Recommended,244210,18066267,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,zenlapka,Great!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,244210,18514553,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Bill,"i recommend this game for someone looking for an amazing sim game (more of a sim) which is both realistic and stunning, largest downside at the moment is lack of cars and limited options, also menu system is totally unresponsive to xbox 360 controller but i have a feeling this is down to the method of simulation implemented, for hardcore users with wheels that have their keyboard handy anyway itll be a breeze"
,Recommended,244210,10917739,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Chris Harris,"The sim is only on version .2 and it's amazing. The sound engine is killer, the cars look great and feel great. Also the camera is locked to first person which seperates a casual racing game vs a sim experience. Also one con of this game so far is the lack of wheel customization. 99/100 so far"
,Recommended,244210,17682905,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,byteborg,"* Solid simulation with pretty convincing physics* The noise is just beautiful* Very configurable controller support* Runs good, also on smaller hardware* Mod-friendly developer* Nordschleife laser-scanned(!)* Much, much funI love it."
,Recommended,244210,18191725,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Jomzo,"9.9/10 I don't write a lot of reviews, but this game deserves a good one.Multiplayer is extremely fun if u get better at driving, there is so much time to find.Great mods, be sure to check out the mclaren F1 car.The only things I miss in it is decent lighting, better tire marks on the road and rain.Best simulator I have ever played!"
76561198006112567,Recommended,244210,17005303,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,91BRG,Ridiculous fun
76561198101735969,Recommended,244210,17006842,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,DaCookieMonster,"Very fun.  A true ""simulator,"" yet it is possible to dial back the AI difficulty enough for me to stand a chance.  I am very satisfied."
,Recommended,244210,30733682,Posted: 25 March,all,cool boy jones,"super fun to drift, friendly players online, no lag at all, runs at 90 fps high settings on a gtx 950 2gb and i7 6700k no oc.hard to get used to, if you don't have a driving wheel or can't afford one (like me), use a controller until you can buy a wheel."
,Recommended,244210,16737189,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Joe Alker,"Bought this game on Steam sales for £17.49. Worth every penny (but not at £34.99)Pros- Decent selection of tracks and cars, although doesn't really have a lot.- Handling is realistic- Performance is good on hot laps, time trials and basically anything where you are on your own.- Solid 50fps V-sync (why not 60?) on an A4-6300 with GTX 750 Ti 2GB on maxed out settings- Fantastic selection of mods availableCons- DLC is in your face, menu icons for DLC are there to taunt you, although it is possible to remove them- AI is bad- AI absolutely destroys FPS- Not enough cars or tracks- handling of certain cars (such as hatchbacks) is awful when using X360 controller7/10, would recommend when it is reduced."
,Recommended,244210,13551109,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,HamTyler,"It's like a reboot of all the best bits of GTR2, Gran Turismo, Race Room and NFS Shift 2 Unlimited.  I own all of the above, and this is my favourite by far.  Possible only exceeded, slightly, in graphical quality by Project Cars, but when I'm sat in the cockpit of the wagon I'm driving (albeit badly :D ) I won't notice.  Get Assetto Corsa;  The devs deserve your coin for the product they've made and to support this genre going forwards, and you will enjoy it.The only possible caveat might be that you need a half decent wheel, but then I say this based on the fact that I'm using the original Logitech Gran Turismo wheel that came with the PS1 (yeah, I'm tight, what can I say).  But for the sacrifice in feedback and fidelity that forces on me, I'm still very happy with this sim."
76561197967412408,Recommended,244210,22207548,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,niks,"I tried a ton of different racing games in the last year, experimenting a lot with wheel setups (not all on steam).This is the one. For a simple fact: after spending only 1 round with a random vehicle, I am able to drift with it. This is still impossible for me in other games, and I blame the natural feedback you get. Every car gives you feels that are just missing in other games. For this reason, I am stuck with this game.The amount of content - even with all DLCs - can be called meh at best, But the fact that you can find tons of modded cars and even tracks online, and you will find servers playing them, you will find enough variety for hundreds of hours (I hope, not there yet).Offline mode is ok-ish. There is a steep learning curve and you may get challenged. I have quite hard Force Feedback settings so I get exhausted after 1 hour of driving (like I would with a real car at that pace), so I don't get too much drawn into it. I find the online games more addicting, and some of the drivers there are insanely good. I really like that on most servers you won't get smashed off the round by a noob - I guess the intense and long qualifying setup makes people focus on their driving rather than their bowling skills."
76561198054653511,Recommended,244210,22223375,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,TurmTank,10/10 I would recommend this to anyone that wants a great racing experience
76561198099328938,Recommended,244210,22243324,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,you are a lover,Excellent game. Need to remap key bindings  4 360 controls .
,Recommended,244210,21161041,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Charly,Excellent!!
,Recommended,244210,21218462,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Novi Pirat Aleksandr Pistoletov,5/5
,Recommended,244210,21497400,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,adz,"Best racing game out there, so many quality mods make this game replayable forever."
,Recommended,244210,21628254,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Robbow Th£ €R@z¥ B£\g!ÅN,"Great game, great cars my only complain is the gearbox of the bmw m4 its doing Some crazy stuff 😂"
,Recommended,244210,21739137,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Belps,"Really fun game, cool to just smash lap times if you're into that, or crank some multiplayer and try to keep up with others. Mod support is really good, with plenty of custom maps and cars available. Best played with a wheel (I'm using a g27) as opposed to KBM or a controller. Physics and realism are great. Graphics aren't anything special, but the quality of everything else in the game more than makes up for that!"
,Recommended,244210,22227362,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,enique,"Great sim, tons of mods, but does lack AI. Although improvements have been made, lets just hope it continues."
76561197992632601,Recommended,244210,22271061,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,avi84,nice
76561198081999390,Recommended,244210,21522794,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Obe-One,"Realistic physics, amazing graphics, real tracks. Definitely worth buying."
,Recommended,244210,21237144,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,relik^,"looks great, sounds amazing, realistic physics and gameplay. I enjoy this for hot lapping. Don't think there is much online play, and the AI doesn't seem great."
,Recommended,244210,21252989,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,†,.
76561198032627762,Recommended,244210,13560947,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Defusr,Better than iRacing better feel and physics+ 10/10 Mod Support
,Recommended,244210,7986222,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Wrofir,"900 Hours.Most of it spent driving alone, no AI, no multiplayer.Just enjoying the track, and the car.Amazing.When the game got dull the sheer number of mods, and the ability to easily alter mods, kept the game fresh again. Downloading cars that my friends and I have driven in real life, and attempting to alter the settings to get it driving 'just' right must have added another 100 or so hours to the game.It's not a perfect simulation of racing, but the physics are something special. You really feel attached to the car and the road, and chances are if there is a car you want to drive, there is a mod out there for it.Had I not sold my G27, I'd still be playing this game.Kudos to Kudos. Easily one of the best game's Ive ever played."
,Recommended,244210,26834132,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,OMGitsWloski,Get a steering wheel and go for a drive
,Recommended,244210,17332960,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Agent RX,"there needs to be a peer rating system. anyone who is know for crashing online races can be downvoted. if you're downvoted to much then you have to go through a mandatory braking tutorial every time you start the game, no questions asked.Also game is good.7/10 would download skins off the internet and then maybe have them work again"
,Recommended,244210,27622170,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,seventy9,"One of the best racing simulators available, the addition of Porsche cars recently, moved it to the top of my list."
,Recommended,244210,26264108,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Rynooo,اخر تحديث يجعل السيارات المظافة ليس لها قيمه او بلى مؤثرات او اصوات
,Recommended,244210,26268327,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,manran,"Regularly updated...yes, beautiful...yes, huge amount of mods (cars, tracks, apps etc.)...yes, realistic physics...yes, realistic FFb...yes, Huge and nice community of drifters...yes, supported by talented rally tracks creators...yes.Amazing groovy engine sound...yes Endless possibilities of having fun...yes. very hard carrer mod on realistic mode...yes. Buy buy buy buy it before anything else."
76561198010689219,Recommended,244210,26100976,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Leecifer,Sweet game!
,Recommended,244210,20974682,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,jimke2,the best sim ever
76561197965850227,Recommended,244210,27686731,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Spokster,"In my eyes the best Racing Simulator game out there, if you are into sim racing, you cannot miss out on this game!"
,Recommended,244210,27562772,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Cheddle,"IMO The best sim racerStacked against LFS, iRacing, rFactor & projectcars - I feel AC is the best overall.pros:- force feedback does an excellent job of translating wheel and car feedback into the wheel- physics are as good as it gets- visually excellent- circuits are of excellent quality- wide range of vehiclescons:- 'VR' implimentaiton slightly behind project cars- no dirt- no rain- the 'launcher' is clunky"
76561198066565269,Recommended,244210,27429642,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Ryo,Assetto Corsa is great racing simulator- great grahpics- good physics- hundreds of mods to download (cars and tracks)- a lot more fun if you own a gaming steering wheel with clutch and h shifter- i would rate it 9/10
,Recommended,244210,23687900,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Phelion,I couldnt play it that much due to my low-end pc lacking the power the game needs but I'd still recommend it. The game is pretty good. Might change my review once i get my hands on a better pc than i currently have.
,Recommended,244210,26347079,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Crapper 3:16,Great Racing game
,Recommended,244210,27626060,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,oherrala,Cheap way to enter high quality simracing.
,Recommended,244210,26350274,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Joerg Baermann,"One of the better sims, steering feels as it should with both a controllers as with a wheels.Engine sounds are ok inside the cars, to many other games use the external sound or muffle them.The BMW 320 E30 group 5 sound is way off though, way to pitchy, did they take the sound files from TOCA for it instead of getting the real deal? :DEnvironment graphics are pretty good, car exteriors could be better.Career Mode is not the best I have seen, could be made way more interresting.Track elevation doesn't affect the cars propertly, it should not be possible to drive like a madman over bumps on the track that will hit the bottom of the car.Kerbs on the other hand can be a pain, which is quite nice, many other sims just let all cars react to them like they all are F1 cars.The GUI's design is in bad need of an overhaul, worst GUI I have ever seen in any racing sim.The cars seem harder to drive with TRC and assists that aren't factory set, so I highly recommend that gamepad and wheel users use factory settings or no assists.Multiplayer... needs some work to become e-sport worthy and seems to lack option to match participants after skill too.I can only recommend this game to simfans that are semi hardcore and the players that like to have a broad collection of racing games.Bottom line is, simulation is the key in AC, even if it still lacks some immersion and a few things to become a full fledged sim.I did read a few negative reviews regarding not feeling any speed, which I must agree to, driving 280km/h feels like 50km/h, which is kinda weird since the feeling of speed is there when looking at replays with TV camera fov.(I'm using a mathematical correct FOV, 37degrees for a 34"" 21:9 with 20"" distance between my eyes and the monitor)"
76561198024917085,Recommended,244210,23918040,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Eddy555,"This is easily the best driving game I've played. The way the car feels through the steering wheel is spot on, you feel all the naunces of the car's behaviour and the road surface and it adds for an incredible feeling sim. The devs are actively supporting it and it's growing and getting better all the time. Even though the VR implementation is in it's early stages it works wonderfully once you're in the car with the Vive and provides that extra immersion I've always wanted. The graphics engine seems incredibly efficient so runs at high frame rates on even modest systems. Multiplayer is fun, especially the track days and I've had some great battles online with it.If you want a driving game buy this and all the DLC to support the devs. It's as simple as that."
76561198262615088,Recommended,244210,30389704,Posted: 8 March,all,jokemail,Honda!Honda!Honda!Pleasssssssssssse!!
,Recommended,244210,14889321,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Suicide Express 84,10/10! :)
76561198041099881,Recommended,244210,34399742,Posted: 21 August,all,GTR192,great game
76561198053318697,Recommended,244210,24240344,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Mr. Mumpitz,Bought this game when it was on sale.'Played' for a couple of hours.Bought the DLC at full price to support the developer.
,Recommended,244210,11900148,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Gunner,"You strap yourself into the historic Lotus 49, depress your clutch pedal, shift into first, and roll out of the pit lane at Autodromo Enzo e Dino Ferrari near the Italian town of Imola. The Ford engine's 8 cylinders purr with delight as you feed them aviation-grade fuel. You smoothly engage full throttle and suddenly they're angry, roaring deafeningly as you work your way up through the gears and the automobile storms dramatically up the infamous Tamburello, where the mighty Ayrton Senna tragically lost his life. The air rushes loudly past your helmet and your vision shakes violently with every bump. What a rush!You brake for Variante Villeneuve and begin tap-dancing to the music of the mighty Ford engine, blipping the accelerator with the right side of your braking foot as you downshift smoothly through the gears. The Lotus dances gracefully as you lead it through the winding asphalt with the gentle touch of a racing maestro. Emboldened, you get greedy on the throttle coming out of the turn. 415 bhp send the rear wheels screeching in protest until they decide they've had enough and go their own way. You attempt to catch them and almost succeed before you plow hard into the railing.You swear both your wrists just broke. All you can hear now, besides your bruised ego, is the sound of gravel dancing inside your unfortunate Lotus, and your heart pumping wildly within your chest.Welcome to Assetto Corsa. Enjoy your stay."
76561198023821392,Recommended,244210,8317084,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,πoятyoŋε™,"best racing sim ever made, even though still in alpha phase, purchase it before full release you wont regret it."
,Recommended,244210,12814574,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,codycc2007,"Fantastic Sim. Great FFB, you can really feel everything. Great modability with many apps, cars, tracks, skins, etc available online. Especially great for being a early access. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,244210,13817240,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Revan,"+ Very good and hard simulation+ Easy to add free community mods (cars, tracks, ...)+ Cars looks great inside and outside+ Fast to create your own race.+ Multiplayer- Game content itself is a bit low for the current price:- Few cars- Not full x360 controller support (like you can't pause the game from the controller)- Be carefull if you wan't an easy car game just get another one.Carrier is just few races but is nice to train from easiest cars to fastest.Multiplayer is good, lot of servers, some has Practice, then chrono, then race. Or just practice or just race.It is fun to get on big practice servers with very different cars, its just feel like practice on real tracks.In conclusion i really recommand this gameIt might be a bit expensive for the content right now, but you can see it on sale at -33% (and it was one day -50% during christmas sales)."
76561198070135982,Recommended,244210,13819790,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Emo Phag,"Assetto Corsa is a GREAT game and is very realistic, and it has great graphics. The only things that I don't like are a lack of stick-shifts, and most cars don't sound very nice or real."
76561198072765148,Recommended,244210,23440543,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,P00NSTAR,"love the game.gameplay,graphics,online,caereer,love it..recommend to everyone. i've played grid,iracing,nascar,ralleyetc,etc,assetto corsa great if not better than all i mentioned.....lol..who am i kidding ASSETTO CORSA has my vote:)"
76561198263040091,Recommended,244210,19436682,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,dunzhong111,小学文化没中文根本看不懂 ，，，我要中文
,Recommended,244210,15589758,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,2KF1||FlyingFinn,"For my first foray into a proper racing simulator, I am extremely happy with the product given to me and I can happily say that I'm ecstatic with my purchase.To be fair, I must say this: if you are a laid back/arcade racing type, do your research. I can't say that you will enjoy this game. Handling and similar aspects aren't like a F1 2013 or Forza or anything. The cars are tricky to drive.Also have it known that the Multiplayer can be a lot better. Collisions are a weak point of the game, and too often I've seen online races go badly when a ping spike takes out half the field.But if you are ready for the simulation aspect of handling, and aren't too fussed about multiplayer (even if you are) I strongly suggest going for it. It hopefully will only get better, and when it does, it will be a masterpiece."
,Recommended,244210,15629624,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Via Coma (Quest For Happiness),"Using an Oculus DK2, and the G21 wheel, this is one of the most amazing experiences with a track racing game that I've ever felt in my life. The sense of speed with certain high HP cars is just incredible. Highly recommended, and at this point, the best Virtual Reality officially supported racing game on the market."
76561198064998032,Recommended,244210,24723224,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Caesar1214,"Epic!!I thought it was fiddlily and a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥♥with a controller, but then I picked up a Logitech G27 and the whole game was just transformed.  A completely epic experience with realism, precision and timing.  If you are prepared to invest in a wheel and pedals to accompany it, buy it!!"
,Recommended,244210,24782860,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Papi,10/10
,Recommended,244210,24703051,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Jay,best racing sim for your money that support most and probably all racing wheel that is worth supporting.easy simple mod support too.highly recommend a racing wheel with H shifter (logitech is the most simple and clean setup). keyboard and gamepad wont cut it.
,Recommended,244210,32399725,Posted: 13 June,all,fefe91,"Very nice sim racing game, the best out there imo.Mod friendly and great community.If you are into drifting is the best game ever.8.5/10"
,Recommended,244210,19756929,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Tornado92,"Really good PC racing game, realistic physics, good graphics (although it kinda has that Gran Tourismo feel to it) and pretty well optimised. I can run on ultra 60fps with my build.PROS:Good driving physicsA good selection of licensed vehiclesScanned, accurate tracks (would personally like to see more tracks from different countries)Sounds are greatBig modding communityLots of DLCCONSScenery could use some workMore freeware cars would be niceOVERALL:8/10"
76561198008174743,Recommended,244210,19769878,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Fuzila,Best racing simulator so far!
76561198006588159,Recommended,244210,16110537,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Crestfallen Warrior,"Assetto Corsa is a wonderful simulator with solid graphics, sounds and moddability; in addition to a stalwart physics model and nuanced handling characteristics.  This is the kind of racing sim where the reward is strictly the experience itself, as opposed to a grind based collect-a-thon.  The hard work of shaving a second or two off of your time or figuring out a tuning setup that actually makes you feel smart for using it to carve around a track a little faster, thats the glory here.  I will admit though, that there is a small part of me (and I imagine, many of you) that actually slightly misses and, dare I say it, NEEDS the variety of cars/tracks and the structure of a monetized career to keep playing.  Although the cars list isn't tiny per se, its not really all that expansive either when you consider some are just slightly beefier versions of the same models.The biggest complaint I would levy at the game is the lack of tracks, there really are just a handful, and although they are extremely detailed, they ultimately number few enough you can get rather bored of them.  Furthermore, while I really like the moddability of this game, it needs steam workshop integration to make that process more smooth, currently it is a pain to update your mods as they are often broken by game updates.  Currently you have to go forum diving and manually install everything.  I also think that in a game where everything is instantly available and the selection of assets is fairly small, the main draw is competition over leaderboards in online play.  While I can only speak for a small amount of experience in online play (micro lag isnt as bad now), I can say that it would be better if the devs put in thier own leaderboards that were specific to each car per track, thus each one would have a chance to shine.  As it is, you have to go download the RSS Live timing app which I find kind of confusing to use to see where I am at against other people given my current choices of car and track.  Though also improved recently through patches, I find the AI drivers during races to be particularly rigid.Overall, this product nails the feel and immersion of driving these kinds of cars.  The level of customizability in the UI, AI, the cars, and the feedback you get from them that is all really a job well done.  Overall though, the lack of content and listless career structure hurt the longevity of the game no matter how you slice it, they want you to buy all the dream packs they plan on releasing but Im just not sure when its all said and done this game will be worth more than 60 dollars with all the dlc for what will always remain essentially a hotlap simulator.  If they improve online play further, and incorporate steam workshop and better leaderborads this could really go places, but currently I would strongly advise obtaining this at a moderate discount."
,Recommended,244210,33978047,Posted: 2 August,all,FOXOS,"After playing many racing games (Grid, Rfactor, Dirt Series and Project Cars) I bought Assetto Corsa. Tne first 20 hours were hard to play, this game isn't made for a controller: just race with a steering wheel, So specially for this game I bought a wheel. That wheel helped me driving faster laps too.About the game:I have tried Project Cars but the physics of Assetto Corsa feels for me ways more realistic. I have travelled to Spa Franchorchamps, the details of the tracks, like the curbs are better simulated in AC.The most racing games were quickly boring for me because they had not much challenge (with hard settings too). But in Assetto Corsa you have to fight for you position and I love that!I would strongly recommend this game AND the DLC! By far the best racing game I have played."
76561198002150478,Recommended,244210,15591768,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,| Husky (Music),one of the top racing games
76561198029733668,Recommended,244210,15565368,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Bazter,Briliant
76561198309937120,Recommended,244210,34029425,Posted: 4 August,all,butterman2112,"Whats the fastest car in this game? People say that its the Mercedez Bens C9 with a speed of 370 Kph, but it only goes to 323, and the Mclaren P1 easily beat it with a speed of 350. So if you could tell me the REAL name of the fastest car, that would be great"
,Recommended,244210,18935831,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,BRAAP♛,"+Amazing physics different from most racing games+Great graphics for a Simulator game+Pretty smooth on medium-low PCs+Muliplayer/Netcode is great+Large amount of vehicles (Most are DLC though)+MODDING is everywhere and simple+Forum community and Devs are supportive+Car and Track models are inch-perfect+Ferraris, Lamborghinis, Porsches and McLaren+A lot of racing series (F1, GT3, LMP,  GP1, Road, GT4)+Drifting is very addicting and easy to learn (even servers!)+Many wheels and Pedals are supported+Price of game (without DLC) is reasonably low+Most of the cars have good engine noise (not all)+Car setup is noob-friendly and amazing+Car classes are equal and fair-Not a large amount of server variety (Nordschleife or GT3)-A lot of the content is DLC-Not a large amount of tracks (compared to iRacing)-Campaign is horrible (comapred to Pcars)-AI still needs a bit of work (almost there!)-Main menu needs work (and loading screens)"
76561198285229097,Recommended,244210,25227706,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Cpt. Anarhil,This game is simply amazing.I put 2 abarth 595's as AI. I got the BMW M4.10/10 messing with AI again.
,Recommended,244210,25177155,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,DONNCHADH_ZA,Only Played aprox. 2hrs so far and i'm impressed.This really is the next step for Racing Simulation :D
76561198158392269,Recommended,244210,30448987,Posted: 11 March,all,BOT 360 FLASH BANG BinLaden,"This game is great. However, I thought this would be something like GTA 5  or need for speed racing, but it wasn't. This is a driving simulator, and has many complicated options for driving. If you are planning to play this game with keyboard, then I tell you to forget it. This game is only worth it if you are able to afford to buy a driving wheel with itTDLR: Game is worth it, but it's not for casual ♥♥♥♥s like me.Edit: Changed the review because I didn't like the game on my part, but the gamr isdefinitely worth it."
76561198018736203,Recommended,244210,25219996,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Offroadracer1600,TONS of FUN!
76561198325987814,Recommended,244210,25205336,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,dawievanemmenes,Fantastic physics and graphics.I highly recommend this game for casual or serious sim racers.Now that KUNOS Simulazioni received its Porsche license I cannot wait for the Porsche dlc to make its appearance.
76561198087210526,Recommended,244210,25209292,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,[ZZ-Trans]Humblesimon(NL),"I bought the game when it was in Alpha, played it with my Xbox controller and was mildy enthousiastic. Now i'm in possesion of the G920 wheel and even prefer this game above Project Cars! The grip and drift limits are awesome, they allow modding (from wich i conclude they are not money grabbers!) and yes, i have the game complete now, bought all the DLC (and that says something)... MUST HAVE for racing/drifting lovers!"
76561198010827977,Recommended,244210,25245690,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,java,"i have played a while, i try other simracing games except iracing, and i really recomend this game. the feel with a wheel its amazing, you can really feel the track it self. the only cons i only find its day cycle and wheather,  you dont have a night time or rain. but its really involving in racing. the ia is at 100% whill make you swet  to pass them or keep you position, is not a serial ramming ia, but its challenging. the ghrapics are nice and smooth i run the game in 60fps/ 55fps stable, i dont have a new system with the last of the last. my opinion is if you are looking to a sim game who challenge you to improve or get in to a league, dont read any further and buy this game, but if you are more simcade or arcade type of racer i recomend looking in other game, because you gone to be frustrated at no time.my veredict 9/10*no, the time lapse or the wheather isnt the most important thing."
76561198134538061,Recommended,244210,25245448,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,paloncho06,"Simply, amazing.Amazing graphics, awesome simulation.Graphic menu is simple and very intiutive, so you can go directly to drive a car in great scenarios or go to career mode and taking step by step in very different cars.I'm enjoying more and more every time I play it."
,Recommended,244210,25217321,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,cmgTFfan1084,"I love this game/simulator! Granted the vehicle selection isn't very wide, but it has plenty of potential. I DO NOT recommend using a controller because callibrating anything other than an XBox 360 is a pain. I don't have a wheel, so I can't comment if it makes the experience any more realistic. The keyboard controls were surprisingly easy to get used to, however, as I was expecting the cars to behave so smoothly; yet they had their distinct behavorial attributes like in real life! Definitely a great buy!"
,Recommended,244210,8413386,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,maxstep,"Fantastic! Has to be experienced if you are a racing aficionado. Wheel on par with DFGT or better is a requirement. Sense of speed is unparalleled and the force feedback is scrumptious, you can feel a substantial degree of what you would feel in real life. Incredible little sim."
,Recommended,244210,34665416,Posted: 1 September,all,chinese man,"PLAYING ON A CONTROLLER IS AIDS, TOO POOR TO AFFORD A PROPER STEERING WHEELTHE PHYSICS ARE NICE THO IDK FIVE OUT OF FIVE ID PLAY AGAIN IF I HAD A PROPER WHEEL"
,Recommended,244210,8146748,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Broham,I really enjoy this game. since i dont play xbox anymore i was looking for a computer racer. now since this game is in early access i understand that there are some area's that need help. but the game rally shows promise!
,Recommended,244210,7624935,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,LuxDRoid(Dead) - R.I.P.,Best racing simulator ever with beautiful cars.Definitely a must buy
76561198038470300,Recommended,244210,7859643,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,RRL_Danny,Very good
,Recommended,244210,8411460,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Snjper,Game is getting there...Dev worth supporting !!
,Recommended,244210,22513811,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,TobimanDBoss,Best feedback hands down in all racing sims and the graphics won't make you feel nauseated.
76561198066196589,Recommended,244210,22592946,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,FARNOLF,Hands down best racing game so far.
,Recommended,244210,24389130,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Block,"New content keeps coming to the game so you can never have enough of it. If you like cars and simracing, it's the best game you can get on steam !"
76561198049157805,Recommended,244210,24591403,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,marcinmarcin79,Since 2004 my favorite game was Richard Burns Rally. Now it's Assetto Corsa. Best sim ever!
76561197979188473,Recommended,244210,8270905,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,1000pk,A driving simulator like no other.
76561198109920045,Recommended,244210,22820174,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,smknepp2012,I love this game. the best sim ever.
,Recommended,244210,24350695,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,River71,"Simply the best racing simulator! Constantly improving, and adding features, cars and tracks.A great modding community too, with very nice addons and apps for the simulator.And several simdrivers communities all over the world with nice championships for all tastes."
76561197976669103,Recommended,244210,27351769,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Jay ☾(ಥ ω ಥ｀)☽,"One of the best racing sim on PC, great physics, graphics, FFB and sound."
,Recommended,244210,8131728,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Tommy Vercetti,"Want an alternative to subscription-based iRacing?  Assetto Corsa is the game for you.  The track and car selection is limited for now (it IS Early Access, after all), but so far, it feels like the developer worked on it for a good amount of time.  The graphics are realistic (I recommend turning the HDR off), the cars look, feel, and handle like they're true to their real-life counterparts, but the sounds...especially in the Pagani Zonda...that should leave a distinct taste of satisifaction in your mouth.  You should get this simracer.  Now."
,Recommended,244210,24010750,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Jerkwaterjako,"I bought this after I refunded Project Cars. I have PCars on PS4 so I don't need a computer copy, but I did play it enough to answer the question of Assetto Corsa or Project Cars.Gameplay/HandlingHonestly, if it wasn't for the handling of cars in PCars I probably would have kept that game. I couldn't stand sliding around like I hit a banana peel every time I turned a corner or slowed down. It's the same on PS4 with Project Cars too. Assetto Corsa handles a lot better. When I slide out and lose control of my car in AC it's not because the game decided to throw me across the track. It's because I suck.There's a bunch of game modes like, career, practice, special events. Your standard racing game modes are here.I haven't dived into multiplayer so I will not talk about that. Although what I gather from the forums and reddit is that it could be better. So there's that.GraphicsCompared to Project Cars, Assetto Corsa is not as pretty. AC is still a gorgeous game on it's own. It doesn't have the cool weather effects, or tiny little details that PCars does. The tracks and cars look really good. The laser scanned tracks are spot on. The modded tracks can be hit or miss. The modded cars are usually really good looking.ContentThere's not as many cars or tracks as Project Cars. There are however, MODS!! If you pick this up and think that there aren't enough cars and tracks to keep you interested, then do yourself a favor and google ""Assetto Corsa mods."" Then download everything. The DLC is worth it too. Those laser scanned tracks are worth every penny.Overall I think this game will last longer in terms of replayability than PCars. PCars 2 is in development, but all AC needs is more mods. As long as the developers keep pushing out updates and DLC, then I can see this game outlasting PCars and even PCars 2. It's a great looking game with great handling cars."
76561198086226106,Recommended,244210,14312739,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,pika4u,Absolutely stunning.And the best has yet to come...
,Recommended,244210,16666402,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,RussianHammer,"A fantastic sim that is well worth its asking price! The cars are all a blast to drive and they look beautiful too.  Another plus for some people is the Drift tuning avilable for people who are into that kind of stuff, which no other sims seem to offer.  If your stuck between the choice of Project Cars or this.  Just get this, You wont be disapointed!"
76561198032415870,Recommended,244210,15776645,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Mr Poopy Buthole,"amazing, i chose this over project cars, i think i made the right choice.Im just jamming with a xbox controller, my thumb is very tired. the graphics are quite good i recommend trying graphics mods. and ive maxxed out every setting except motion blur (because the world shakes when its on) on my pentium g3258 at 4.5ghz and R9 290i havent been able to get modded cars to work yet but its cool that it is possible"
,Recommended,244210,23302984,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,The Worst Baker,"This is the best racing simulator on PC right now buy it if you are racing enthusiastic or like cars in general the outstanding amount of detal and effort put into this game is amazing but that happens to be a gripe with the game...The lack of content is justifed on how easy it is to install mods literally drag and drop system simple. and when the devleopers are making cars for the actual game the effort in it makes it worth the wait, Gran Turismo and Forza DREAMS of having this much care and detail into their cars.Even with this much care in this game it is missing such basic features that a racing sim needs if the devs effort were to be shifted into this area in a update it will make this a must buy for racing/car fans alike.-Dynamic Time and Weather or being able to set it in the game. the only thing we have is Morning Noon and Dusk for time, weather being Fog and Cloudy thats it.....even just being able to select which time or how hard its raining is a great feature and is needed in this.-The presentation: Sure the menu is easy to navigate but its missing its own sort of charm to it there is no music in the game what so ever so it can be a bit dull at times but its also justified for people who like to hear the engines when playing with no HUD/UI so they know when to change gear, but for new comers it's a bad thing,Other than that this game is truely amazing and im planing to have heaps of fun with this the DLC's are worth every penny even if they don't add that much content it's the effort thats put into it. At this stage id say the game is worth it's price tag during early access stage i would of said no because of the extreme lack of content but now there is a baseline of tracks a good handful of AMAZINGLY detailed cars with a growing modding comunity this game will be the next rFactor in terms of how great it will be.Buy this game."
76561198108705640,Recommended,244210,24937630,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,ryan,"This is an excellent racing sim, the best out there in my opinion.  I've invested in a force feedback wheel, and TrackIR 5 to play with this game, and worth every penny."
76561198082491503,Recommended,244210,8313509,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Poops MacKensey,Buy it now.
,Recommended,244210,22840308,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,666_milad_666,the best racing game on  pc
76561198065917993,Recommended,244210,26500848,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,AmundMrk,Simply the best driving sim
,Recommended,244210,24919298,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Blue fellow,"Good game, it gets developed unlike rFactor 2."
,Recommended,244210,8452066,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,El Marko,Just Perfect. Absolutely Perfect.
76561198068709064,Recommended,244210,13171164,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,no.identity.lsl,"epic!Imo better than: iracing, simraceway, raceroom racing exp., race07, gtr2, Project cars(now i just don`t wanna compare with: nfs shift, grid, dirt, tdu..;)"
76561197971185107,Recommended,244210,13463574,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,HCVBP,Just Super Amazing.This is the best Sim ever!
76561198015514455,Recommended,244210,23003360,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Newbie,Best racing sim ever. Period.
76561198019032551,Recommended,244210,28007588,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Legangsta,"Really good now it supports HT vive.No need to tweak parameters, it works really fine with gfx at max"
,Recommended,244210,26720542,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,junior_boz,new update made cars engine not have no sound
76561198351982640,Recommended,244210,34440152,Posted: 23 August,all,[ETS2-R] CRO_TOMI,anyone know how to play online mp?
,Recommended,244210,25684585,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,ordiel,"Great game... unless you want to play with your friends like with any other game, if thats the case then its a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥because of that negative!"
76561198007813513,Recommended,244210,26093044,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,RUNFREE,"I wish making a server and driving with friends was easyer but this doesnt take away from what an amazing game this is.Physics are great and graphics are good, online drifting is a blast."
76561198032845549,Recommended,244210,23651794,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,tornike.suladze,"IMHO the best racing/driving simulator around. Great community, love the idea of the open modding environment. Kunos does great a job with new car/track packs especially JDM ones, hope it will become even bigger in the future."
,Recommended,244210,32419847,Posted: 14 June,all,Awptimus Prime,"The best and the most complete simulation game I have ever played. There is no reason to buy this game if you haven't a wheel and the only reason i mention this is ,because you can't have the full experience. A realistic game with very good optimized physics and sounds on tracks and cars. The community on multiplayer is also very friendly and non-toxic.Hope my review was helpful, have fun ;)"
76561198259859586,Recommended,244210,23648936,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,CoilBinder,A must have in any racing enthusiasts library!
76561198272057214,Recommended,244210,34401535,Posted: 21 August,all,Chef Boyardee,Gud m8
76561198061854274,Recommended,244210,35088521,Posted: 20 September,all,EUROBEAT INTENSIFIES,EUROBEAT INTENSIFIES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!That is all you need to know.
,Recommended,244210,24007008,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Finesser of Thots,A great game for raceists.
76561198146858237,Recommended,244210,24397517,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,PlaysLikeZ,I saw the game on youtube it looked pretty cool. So I bought it for my laptop wich wasnt a good idea. Because laptops arent like gaming pcs i couldnt play the game. I'm not saying the game is bad I just wish I got a refund.
76561197972353220,Recommended,244210,23991155,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,brazzers.net/ChodeCollector[st],"The visuals, audio, feel, and in-game GUI customization made me enjoy this game at first. However, I just found out there's modders creating free content (tracks and cars), and this make the game incredible. The amount of content created by the community is incredible. I think there was upwards of 4000 mods at racingdepartment's website.Here are just some that I've added:Tracks-Rally tracks that include weather (snow/gravel terrain) - Pikes Peak, Pine Ridge Rally, Alpine Rally-Circuit de la Sarthe-Circuit de Monaco-Akina Downhill (Initial D fans out there)-Indianapolis Motor Speedway-Suzuka-Tsukuba-Top Gear Test Track-Gymkhana tracks (DC, Docks, etc.)Cars:McLaren MP4/4 (Senna/Prost dominated F1 in 1988)Red Bull X2010'69 Charger R/T'69 Boss MustangTesla Model S, GTSkyline R33 GT-REVO III, VI, VIII, IX, X (Various types like WRC, Time Attack, etc.)Dodge ViperMcLaren 650S GT3With a modding community that keeps pumping out awesome cars, tracks, etc., AC tops all other racing sims.Once I get VR, this game will blow everything away.My recommendations:-Force-feedback wheel, pedals, and shifter are a MUST (clutch pedal and 6-speed shifter even sweeter).-Subwoofer will add to the experience. I'm running 2 - 6in KRK Monitors and a 10in KRK Sub, it feels like you're in the car. Once I upgrade to VR, I'm going to route the audio to the speakers and a pair of open headphones.-GTX980 is able to keep my FPS at around 100FPS with all settings at max except reflections (set to low)-VR, Oculus Rift is the only supported device as of now. So far, people are enjoying it and that makes me want it."
76561198262596625,Recommended,244210,28130636,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Tifo3,Great game! Highly recommended
76561198124935570,Recommended,244210,28224703,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,WhAt?,"The best realistic racegame ever made. I highly recommend buying a wheel, i myself have a g29 from logitech, and trust me it is the best decision i ever made. You wont get the full potiential if you dont have a wheel.Here is a link to a youtube video i used to set up my wheelhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j_b7cPaLpjc&t=189s"
76561198050531055,Recommended,244210,28744108,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Cold,"Just trying this game out for the first time, setting it up just to race is a bit of a task, but it is a good bit of fun. Sounds and looks great, its going to be a challenge to get the cars to dance the way I want but that has more to do with the fact that my usual car games revolve around lead footing the throttle and flying through tracks like a wrecking ball. This game requires a bit of finesse and breaking. Cant wait to really develop my skills and start having some real fun :)"
,Recommended,244210,29240654,Posted: 13 January,all,demonthereaper,one of the best sim games i have ever played
,Recommended,244210,28169222,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,the_muskateer,"Been playing this game since the tech demo came out all the way back in late 2013. The initial release was ok, not ground braking but was a solid racer, lacking in decent net code for MP racing. But since it's release it has gone from strength to strength, regulary being updated and ever evolving. The game we have today is right up there with some of the best racing sims around, it won't suit everyone and it's definatley not my favourite, but it's a very enjoyable and rewarding game which now has some decent net code behind it and excellent DLC."
76561197971069028,Recommended,244210,28303571,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,RogueSnake,"One of the better racing games for VR.  Not perfect, but waaay better than the project cars VR implementation IMO.   Works great with my Rift."
76561198073215824,Recommended,244210,28569210,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Braided Asshair,"Fantastic game, want a very realistic and physically accurate racing simulator? Than this is the game for you. Sure graphics arent quite as good with particles and stuff as Project Cars but this game produces great sound and great physics. I will not recommend any racing simulation game above this one. There are a lot of other great ones but this takes the cake overall."
,Recommended,244210,28626497,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,yandexx,"THE ultimate, and apparenlty most realistic track racing game. The support over the years, the number of incredibly quality (and cheap!) licensed cars and tracks, the sheer amount of mod content (don't miss out!) make this the best sim racing game. And even though it's a sim, it is very accessible.The physics model accounts for THINGS YOU WOULDN'T BELIEVE. The performance and graphics are great. Naturally, it's got perfect wheel support.You should avoid the built-in multiplayer, usehttp://www.simracingsystem.com/instead which works flawlessly."
,Recommended,244210,28731166,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Juan le Rare Pepe,"The best simulator I have ever played on a racing wheel. Even though there are not that many cars to choose from without DLC, the mod community is enormous and supplies heaps of content to play with."
,Recommended,244210,28945524,Posted: 2 January,all,Safari Ken,"I'm re-writing my review for this game from scratch, because my feelings have changed quite a bit over time.When I first got this game, I was using an X-Box 360 controller. I was used to more arcadey driving games (like Flatout), so at first it was a real shock to drive Corsa with a controller. It took a lot of getting used to; the steering was so sensitive that I found myself just barely moving the stick. It was tough, but satisfying once I got the hang of it. It takes patience to get good at it.Assetto Corsa is a wonderful hotlap simulator. My playtime is 99% doing hotlaps. I've never done an online race, and only a little bit of the career mode. I play in Eyefinity, which is spectacular with a driving game. I later got Project Cars when it came out, but the steering with a controller wasn't as satisfying, and I couldn't really run it smoothly in Eyefinity, so I stuck with Corsa. I upgraded to an X-Box One controller, and eyed the X-Box Elite controller jealously.Then one day, a friend gave me a cheap MadCatz wheel. It was a revelation! Take it from me, even the cheapest wheel is better than the best controller for this kind of game. I loaded up all my driving games to test them out, but Corsa was still the winner. If anything, I felt that way even more strongly. Project Cars just didn't feel right, and Grid Autosport is just sad next to the others.But on this last Black Friday, I treated myself to a Thrustmaster T150 force feedback wheel, and everything has changed. First off, holy god, force feedback is worth the money if you like driving games! But suddenly, Project Cars was the clear winner among my racing games. Dramatically so.Sorry, this review is getting longer than I wanted. The bottom line is, Assetto Corsa is a great game for hotlaps. It's the best racing game if you use anything less than a force feedback racing wheel. It has many cars that Project Cars does not, like Ferrari, Lamborghini, and Porsche. It's got road cars like the Shelby Cobra and the Mazda MX-5. It doesn't have as many tracks as Project Cars, but the tracks are very well done.But ever since I bought that force feedback wheel, I find myself playing nothing but driving games, yet I go a week or more between sessions in Assetto Corsa. I think the handling is as good as Project Cars, but the force feedback is not, and for me, it turns out that makes a big difference. Also, Project Cars looks noticeably better, if you have a decent rig to run it.  But I find myself compelled to keep both games on my hard drive, mostly because of the better car list in Assetto Corsa."
76561198080975244,Recommended,244210,29165071,Posted: 10 January,all,Sousa,great game my go to race sim and the best drifting game I have played.
76561197981860644,Recommended,244210,29244546,Posted: 14 January,all,Martey,"Very good game,realistic ride a realistic cars, good graphics, realistic sounds, a good selection circuits. DLC is also good. You just race. You can gradually unlock different classes of cars. But it takes time and practice - this is realistic riding. And that's just playing on the keyboard without a steering wheel.Sometimes it's stupid AI, which makes it a contact sport.I grew up on NFS High Stakes. For me, I recommend this game!"
,Recommended,244210,28279445,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,JEns_,"Beautiful graphics, great force feedback, great physics. Best driving simulator i've played."
76561197999948481,Recommended,244210,28420026,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,rampojuusto,"Best racing simulator I have ever played. They really nailed the controls on this game. Cars respond to your input just like real car would and force feedback gives excellent response. You need to have decent wheel/pedal set for this game. Game menus, logic and AI drivers are not that great but when you drive(or drift) on empty track or race online against other players you are as close to driving heaven as you can get on your pc."
,Recommended,244210,28437090,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Juan Pérez,"- Download a hill climb/highway track- Pick some old, good sounding classic car- Cue your favourite playlist- Have fun drivingThe game gives hours of fun. Get the dlc and the mods and you just won't be able to run out of choices and combinations of track/car. Great force feedback, good graphics, good physics, challenging ""special events"". What more would you want? Oh, yes. People on public mulitplayer servers are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥."
,Recommended,244210,28852031,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Näätä,Buy this.ae86rhm modae86 chime modakina downhill and ebisu
,Recommended,244210,29241434,Posted: 13 January,all,Colbzter,Fantastic game with a wheel.
76561198015542003,Recommended,244210,28493265,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,ellinasellinas,"I have this game from day one.At first i was really dissapointed.But now.....Oh boy ,oh boy is this awesome or what?It is the best simulator out there with great content and logical prices at dlc stuff.Awesome engine noises at last ! Turbos whistling and tyres screaming.Awesome colaboration with moders also,can't be left out of the review.Smoke mods.....track modes...car modes.Anything is out there.I would only ask more dlc's with more day to day drive cars like Ford Focus RS etc etc.Mitsubishis and Subarus.Can't wait to see future content."
,Recommended,244210,28502506,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,SugoiS12,"An incredible work of art, this game is. I have never been so obsessed with a racing game as Assetto Corsa. The mod support is incredible, the graphics are incredible, and my favorite is how realistic the physics are. No other game currently on the market feels quite as real as this game.So incredible. I will forever love this game.Drifting is what I primarily do on this game and it's too dope. The community is wonderful as well."
76561197970521313,Recommended,244210,28691074,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,casper139,"Feels like driving a car.I suck at this game and I have played em all.I have never been challenged to get better more than this game has.I did not realize how bad I was.I have improved, there fore I know it is not the games fault I lose races. The AI difficulty is adjustable.The added custom championship creator is great. The Career mode is not.I see ai complaints in old reviews. I'm ok with it, it must have improved. Watch the replay, It's usually your fault.Own all DLCs but 1. I wanna drive em all.If sim driving did'nt make my back hurt, can't imagine how many hrs I'd have in this game.Tried the free to play Pcars Pagoda edition. Bought this after trying that and do not regret it.Need a Wheel imho."
76561198112867463,Recommended,244210,31335054,Posted: 24 April,all,ZHUZ,"NEED DRIVING PEDALS.i honestly bought this game just for the F1 experience but i wan not doing well because i was not able to balanece the throttle when exiting corners thus giving me over stear, this was a big problem for me as this would affect laptime and performance. But thats my problem, this game is great and 'Is' the best simulator i have experienced."
76561198158761781,Recommended,244210,28986504,Posted: 3 January,all,arafas.dawg,Awesome game!!!
76561198025769033,Recommended,244210,28994973,Posted: 3 January,all,Phoenix_SW20,"In my opinion this is the best modern sim racing title out on PC right now. This is a game for the car obsessed. This game has the best force feedback I’ve felt besides rFactor 2. The cars feel the way you’d expect them to. Oversteer and understeer feel predictable and everything just works. Getting into a rhythm just running hot laps in a practice session can make time fly. The game has a good amount of tracks and cars out of the box. If you want custom content, there’s a good amount of mods available, though some are sadly broken now and no longer work.  Setting up a wheel is very easy and the game will recognize multiple devices. So if you're like me where you're running everything as a separate USB device, everything works. This game just feels right. If you want to waste hours racing a 962 Short Tail around the Nürburgring this is the game to do it in. Although I’m not a massive fan of DLC, I do recommend the Porsche Packs as they are high quality and well worth it. Also the Porsche 917/30 is awesome. In short if you love racing sims just buy this already."
,Recommended,244210,29026973,Posted: 4 January,all,thebestiaM^,#worth
76561197971468206,Recommended,244210,29059501,Posted: 6 January,all,k1tst3r,Try this in VR !!! WOW!!!They get everything right imo and they say the vr is still in beta? I cant see how they will improve it but looking forward to whatever else they do to itEach car looks awesome and feels right... stick your head out the window to watch the tyres reacting to the road surface. Get up get out and walk around the car like what! seriously that much detail is insane and just brings the immersion factor up another level. I used to think my Thrustmaster TX wheel was somewat unrealistic with the force feedback until i used it in vr where it looks and feels exactly as it should!If you havent tried Assetto vr yet your missing out on what racing should be like
,Recommended,244210,29083195,Posted: 7 January,all,LMP Vito,♥♥♥♥♥pretty good
,Recommended,244210,29118571,Posted: 8 January,all,☠ Hawk,As real as a game can get.Wheel is a must.
76561198113452467,Recommended,244210,29168543,Posted: 10 January,all,Prinsbertus,"If you are serious about racing sims, buy this game. You will have much less frustration than with the bad physics of project cars.Just be aware that the online community can be toxic if you are playing track day servers. Everyone thinks that they are Michael Schumacher."
76561198138131928,Recommended,244210,29407486,Posted: 21 January,all,Nick///AMG,Great game !!! 17 hours in and I am having a blast ! I am mostly drifting on this game and the physics are awesome ! If you have a wheel and you are looking for a good sim game just go and buy it! The whole community in AC is awesome very friendly people to slide with. Worth every penny.
,Recommended,244210,29543639,Posted: 28 January,all,Restoy I gift-drop.com,Yes
,Recommended,244210,29919556,Posted: 14 February,all,[GDG]Dezzy,Abolute must have for people who like to drif(t) sideways
,Recommended,244210,30146274,Posted: 24 February,all,Affenbrotbaumfrucht (Baobab),sounds good
76561198000890558,Recommended,244210,16530010,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,CRiM,"It's one of the best racers I've ever played... It's very realistic so I't might be a bit tough for the controller crowd, but it's worth supporting developers who are this passionate and skilled.... forsure."
,Recommended,244210,16479415,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Lord Buggington,"Probably fastest I will write a review. mind blown. this is super realistic, I started career and did 2 events, not too bad, then took f40 on the ring and I am in heaven, just drove around for 2 hours. sorry I held off, the lack of cars still bums me, I am not a huge supercar guy although they are way more fun in here than gran turismo. I hope to see more cars of the people that I enjoy and have actually owned, like your rx-7s, Nissan GTR, civic type R. but yeah, if you are a car person and have a nice wheel, you want this. even if it was just one car and the nurburgring you would want it."
76561198083363463,Recommended,244210,16530114,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Josh,"Not much content currently, but what they do have feels fantastic. Wait a while before picking this up is my advice. There are only like 20 cars to choose from if you buy the DREAM PACK DLC, less if you do not have. This is certainly however a game worth owning when it releases in 2016 from what I read, just feel currently no point. Want to be perfectly clear however, the gameplay feels great just not enough content currently to justify the money."
76561198018827554,Recommended,244210,16630713,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Skyrise-99,"Best racing sim out there. Physics are awesome. Each car has a different feeling. Laser scanned tracks. Graphics are good, sounds too.Warning : this is more than a game, it may be a tool for pros :DBUY this if it is what you're looking for. To be played with a wheel and pedals."
76561197996785160,Recommended,244210,31893731,Posted: 21 May,all,CoachAub,"What a great racing simulator!   You must have a racing wheel for this game.   A Steam Controller or other brands will work okay...just okay.  The keyboard method is difficult at best, and I consider myself a keyboard over controller type of player.  The DLCs tend to cost you over time, but they go on sale every so often, so just put them on your wishlist until then.  Adding them is good as they add more variety of cars, some tracks, and special race options/challenges as well, each having Steam achievements.   I like most racing games, however this one is more realistic, a real simulator.  It is addictive with a wheel when you get the hang of it.  Compared to games like Need For Speed or Grid 2/Autosport it is more realistic driving, less arcade-like.  Sometimes, I like arcade style.  The latest NFS has more realistic graphics (although @ night) and music and interactive NPCs, but the driving is certainly less real than this.I want more cars, especially American models. :)"
76561198079501783,Recommended,244210,24646840,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,charliephan,nice.
,Recommended,244210,32681158,Posted: 23 June,all,Kendama165.net,"Awesome game, ultimate graphics."
,Recommended,244210,28935677,Posted: 2 January,all,kN1ghtly,amazing simulationgreat value for money however the base game still needs more content
,Recommended,244210,28966891,Posted: 2 January,all,anarch3,"I only played 2 hours and I already would reccomend this over Project Cars, Force Feedback felt amazing and you could actually feel stuff like your tires locking up from braking or the slide when you turn too hard. The AI are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s and I've caught them cutting the track, but they've never crashed into me unless it was my fault. Sound is also another 10/10 with this game"
,Recommended,244210,28638103,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Peter_Smith,The most realistic racing game out there!
,Recommended,244210,29903809,Posted: 13 February,all,xPazzoguidatoreX,Very realistic !
,Recommended,244210,30011066,Posted: 18 February,all,ⓌⓇⒶⓉⒽ,"I use this game with a g27 racing wheel and HTC vive, and its an amazing experience. Even without the vive it is still a great game. I would definitely recommend it to anyone looking for a great racing sim."
76561198015381140,Recommended,244210,29907781,Posted: 13 February,all,"Juan love, juan heart","Better force feedback, better handling, and better tracks than p-cars. Graphics are optimized but still very pretty. Cars feel great on the track. Lots of good mods. Would love to see more tracks and more cars as DLC."
,Recommended,244210,30005990,Posted: 18 February,all,LlamaLawson,"One of the best racing games around. The base game has a wide selection of cars and tracks to keep you busy for a long long time. The handling model and physics are up there with some of the best. There is a reasonable about of DLC which is fairly priced and provides further tracks and cars.The only thing I would say about this game is keep an eye on the clock as as few laps easily turn into hours.Played on: Laptop with i7, 8GB, Geforce 840M with G29 wheel"
,Recommended,244210,29255705,Posted: 14 January,all,Winters,Fun racing game.
76561198282147927,Recommended,244210,29537969,Posted: 28 January,all,ⒼⓄⓄⓃ™,"Much fun with a wheel, definantly a good buy. Mods are great. Just so many DLC'sTo much to pay for."
76561198336508239,Recommended,244210,29168290,Posted: 10 January,all,jukinhakeke,"i would love to see more japanese and american cars dlc, drift cars dlc"
76561198160912020,Recommended,244210,30031648,Posted: 19 February,all,Masyar,советую всем игра года 10/10
76561198015584650,Recommended,244210,30127370,Posted: 23 February,all,uncle_dust,I've been waiting for game like this for years. I enjoy every minute of it. Best racing sim ever!
,Recommended,244210,30020670,Posted: 18 February,all,Col.BuckShot,GREAT GAME!!! Varoooooom!!!! Awesome graphics with super realistic effects. A must have for that racing blood running through your veins!
76561198289999625,Recommended,244210,30121389,Posted: 23 February,all,köttbullar,good game :D
,Recommended,244210,30123368,Posted: 23 February,all,Coca Cola Koala,best racing simulator. they are making updates often and trying to get the game better everytime
76561198272646636,Recommended,244210,30319729,Posted: 4 March,all,"""No for gay Jesus""",good game
76561197982504649,Recommended,244210,29199268,Posted: 12 January,all,Fuckboi,"Hands down ,the best sim-racing game ive ever played. Spent 200 hours drifting in that ♥♥♥♥♥."
,Recommended,244210,29546588,Posted: 28 January,all,Viljami Von Guggenheim,"First off i had some problems with my wheel on this game Logitech G920, the controls were a bit hard to setup compared to other race sims.Really cool cars in this game, some of them are made better than others, i personaly dont really like the sounds of many cars, but some sound really nice.Tracks look good, but i dont think they are so accurate like nordschleife is a tiny bit difrent from lets say raceroom and project cars. Driving the same car, same track in assetto corsa migth be difrent. But they are almost identical in raceroom and project cars (not sure you will notice but i did)I like that the difting is really a thing in this game, other race sims are bit too serious. Theres even a track for drifting nad drift cars.Overall i think this game is worth a buy."
76561198258910142,Recommended,244210,30110204,Posted: 22 February,all,deepdeber,"Awesome game, awesome graphics & hyper realistic handling physics along with its track accuracy.The AI also sometimes very hard to beat and for sure, this isn't a casual gamer's sim-style racer."
76561198033220462,Recommended,244210,28251066,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Bidibians,"Recommended to all the fans of racing gamesThe HUD is widely customizable with almost endless options, even by downloading additional contents like telemetry.The physic and the realism of the car is on a really high level, any changing of the setup have relevance on your car response.Unfortunately, even here there are some crashers which ruin punctually the races, but also good players to have great battles"
76561198002693578,Recommended,244210,28318246,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,vali_grad,"SWEET A.S.S.  SIMULATOR :) played a year torented, while seen a lot of mods and dev updates and DLCs, could not wait more for a purchase . it is worth the full price with dlcs, its that good :)"
,Recommended,244210,28753593,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Borkboi,"This game is so realistic and it requires skill so it's not very appropriate for casual IIMO.Overall nice game,, lad that I bought it instead of playing the cracked version."
76561198025469406,Recommended,244210,28922541,Posted: 1 January,all,TomB,When I first got this game it was ok i had one problem the cars seem to spin out all the time rendering it almost unplayable for me . so i changed some settings without much improvement untill I changed one underoptions-controls-advanced-force feedbackcalled ENHANCED UNDERSTEER EFFECTI UnCheck it  and now the cars dont spin out all the time and Now I love the Gamethe other problem I had was the sound it could use a little help but its not as bad as some other gamesI Would Recommend this Game to Anyone that likes racing
76561198203792932,Recommended,244210,29027136,Posted: 4 January,all,RoffeSNE,really fun game if you have a wheel and like to drift :D
,Recommended,244210,9661753,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,L$D,Just need a P1 in this sim and ill play the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of this
,Recommended,244210,11814333,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Free 30 Day Trial For Windows 95,"Very realistic driving sim and very fun to race online! This game is great because it has an open modding community which means cars are constatly added to the game by download. You can get custom skins, cars, tracks (possibly soon if not yet), and this just makes the game so much better. Pretty amazing graphics for an early access game, so if you want full quality you might need a good GPU. If you are thinking of buying it, then do, because while its $40 now, when it comes out it will likey be $60. Also, now would be a great time because its 50% off. Only $20!!If you like driving games more towards the realistic side, this is definetly for you. Can be played with keyboard + mouse, controller (Microsoft, xbox, Ps3 and Ps4 as long as you download the mods), and of course, the steering wheel.10/10 because it's amazing for an early access game, they are currently working on a carrer mode and UI modding ingame, can't wait!I will say this one more time.IF YOU LIKE RACING GAMES,BUY THIS GAME.NOW."
,Recommended,244210,11818229,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Shirtless,"So far, so good! The game has some of the nicest looking cars I've ever seen. It still has some work to be a fully finished game (track line-guides are a little off at times), but it looks and feels reallllllyyyy good.I have only been on 2 tracks (10 laps on each) with 4 different cars: BMW M3 and Z4, and the McLaren. They sound great and as I mentioned above, look great as well. They handle differently and have their own personality almost.Online mode is in Alpha, but my time spent on it was flawless. It's much more Beta than they are leading you to believe (which is a good thing).Overall, after only an hour, and only using the keyboard (I will test more using a 360 controller), this game is incredible. At $19.99 this weekend, you are truly missing out. And the game isn't even finished yet!This is a must by for any fan of Racing Simulators. This isn't DIRT, Need For Speed, or Mario Kart...it's the real thing."
76561198058246566,Recommended,244210,11827367,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,writerrhino,"Just bought AC today and have thoroughly enjoyed it. If you understand that this is early access and all the bells and whistles may not work yet, you'll have a great time. Having done a little road racing myself, I thought the physics were pretty good, and the ability to customize the control inputs to get the wheel response you want is outstanding, it just takes a little trial and error.AC will eventually be what I hoped Grid 2 was going to be, but wasn't.I wouldn't pay full price yet, but if you can get AC on sale, snatch it up and go racing."
76561198023232439,Recommended,244210,11828261,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,tonycday,"Wow, just played 90 minutes of this game and it is amazing. The feeling of driving each of the cars is fantastic and exciting for once. After playing many racing games for many years, I had been awaiting a Forza type game for the PC and this game is even better."
,Recommended,244210,11830483,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,C4peT0wn,"Although Assetto Corsa is still in its early days this game has an amazing amount of polish and runs remarkably well considering its status. If you have a decent to high end system you will be hard pressed to find another current game that can match Assetto Corsa's graphics (besides you know who)If you are a driving sim fan I HIGHLY recommend you add this title to your collection, once you put a few laps under your belt you will agree that this purchase was a no brainer and I simply cannot wait to see the final product along with the multiplayer in full swing. GREAT GAME!!!!"
,Recommended,244210,11830920,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,faz,"great physics, awesome modding capability, what else does a sim racer need?"
,Recommended,244210,11835182,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,stefanschloegl12345,"I love it. It is the perfect game, even if it is still in developent to replace gran tourismo, since I am playing on PC now."
76561198035740520,Recommended,244210,11838938,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Bornslippy,"Worth every penny & thoroughly enjoyable, most fun you will have with your clothes on!!"
,Recommended,244210,11848723,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Polypusher Studios,"This is turning into one great game. I have always been a fan of 'driving games' and felt a bit spoilt after playing Forza on my son's XBOX. I'm really looking forward to the single player career mode (which hasn't surfaced as yet), but that aside, I believe this to be the best driving experience currently on PC."
76561198020698915,Recommended,244210,11856172,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Remy Manion,"Have not played it for too long...as a forza fan, I have to say...this is pretty brilliant. It sounds and looks like the real deal, and its at such an amazing price. Throw on some Top Gear in the background and you have the perfect game."
,Recommended,244210,11868882,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,danklassen,"If you're looking for a great, realistic racing simulator you can't go wrong with Assetto Corsa. They community has really adopted  this game and the number of (quality) mods being released or in the works is amazing.You'll certainly want a wheel to get the most out of this simulation though. The force feedback provides you with a great deal of information about what your vehicle is doing. Without a wheel I would imagine it would be quite frustrating."
76561198052303588,Recommended,244210,9583846,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,✯Jiblo7 #BackToBusiness,Best car simulator game 2014 guys! Get it if you like cars and have a steering wheel! See you on the grid (;
76561197969263955,Recommended,244210,11827670,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,The.Cheat,"I love the visuals in this game. All the cars are very well rendered in exquisite detail. You can practically sniff the new car smell. Runs great on my desktop (as everything does) but it doesn't use the AMD 3D card in my laptop. I'm sure this is just a glitch that will be ironed out, but I'd like to be able to take my driving on the road. :-)"
,Recommended,244210,11828685,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,BHawthorne,"On sale at the moment, multi-display support, Oculus Rift support, racing wheel support. What's not to like about that?"
,Recommended,244210,11832276,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Ulstrup,The game is just epic. The graphics aren't crazy but there is a huge modding community that already made profiles for SweetFX. The same community has added 10+ cars and more than 70 new tracks. This is just crazy! The amount of effort put into this game is just crazy. I love it.
76561198053281411,Recommended,244210,11832862,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,[H*R] FizzyT,"One of the best looking and feeling race simulators I've tried, Steering sensitivity needed playing with till I was happy but now I am it's great. Using an Xbox controller at the moment so can't say how good this is with a wheel setup but I seriously want one!Hopefully they keep bringing out more cars :)"
76561197983472817,Recommended,244210,11855011,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,AA_Slautter,"Just bought the game today, Here is my experience out of the box.XBOX360 controller:  Could not control the vehicle very good. (might be my lack of experience with game)Keyboard:  No way, no how.Sound:  Played sound ok when inside the cockpit, but when in an external view, sound was intermitten/non existant.Graphics:  Ok, nothing too great.Menues:  AwesomeSetting Options: AwesomeMy thoughts: Looks like the admin functions of the game are pretty solid, but the graphics, sound and game play are in developement Alpha stage, not Beta. In my opinion this game is no where close to release. I bought it, I am glad I bought it, and I think it will be a great game when polished and released."
,Recommended,244210,11855942,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,エ ッ チ,"I know I haven't played this game enough to give it the type of review that we expect, but I can't help myself. I've learned more about what it is like to drive these vehicles at speed on serious courses in the few hours I've played than I have behind the wheel, and I owned one of them (e30)! Sure, there may be flaws, but as a simulation, this is an incredible experience. I have never wanted to watch replays in a game before, but here not only do they help you learn what you are doing wrong, they are beautifully done. If your on the fence, don't pass it up!"
76561197991180531,Recommended,244210,11809536,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,BalleR,"This game needs a good forcefeedback wheel to really enjoy but boy is it fun. This has ruined all the arcady console games for me. Make sure to look on the Asseto corsa forums for mods that people are creating. There are new tracks, cars and even engine sounds that are very easy to download and install."
,Recommended,244210,11841023,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,swifty,♥♥♥♥ yeah mate
76561197994903491,Recommended,244210,9409683,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,afterburn,"Just a quick update 3 years later.  Still playing and still my go-to sim.  The DLCs are fantastic and I finally have Sebring, though not officially a mod is good enough for me.Original Review:I've been into racing sims since the mid '90s and can say this is the most fun I've had in a very long time.The addition of AI cars has been fantastic.  Admittedly, they do sometimes cut into you and often display a timidness about the racing, but mostly they react when you're near them and can be very difficult to gain time on if you bump the AI strength.The various car models all behave differently, as one would expect.  The feedback on the G25 racing wheel is superb, some of the best effects I've experienced.  I added a centering spring in profile but ymmv.  You feel very connected with the cars.Even though it's an early access title, it seems very good.  With updates regularly coming down the pipe there's no shortage of fun in this title.  For me, the purchase has been 100% worth it.  If you're into realistic racing titles, stop reading reviews and buy it.  Highly recommended - one of my most played games right now.  I tried to go back to Race07 and its plethora of mods and DLC.  The cars in comparison just don't feel as alive, and the graphics are noticably weaker (much older game...I know).  I just wish Sebring was included...and Top Gear test track...and..."
76561198008169333,Recommended,244210,9419431,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Lenny,"Hands down the most realistic car game/sim out there.I own F1 2012 and other games such as Grid 1&2 & a few Need for Speed titles but Assetto Corsa stands head and shoulders above them, Graphics are v/nice but Assetto really stands out with its realistic feel plus the force feedback on my Logitech G25 compared to F1 2012 is awsome, really.After reading other reviews I wasn't sure weather to buy it so I put it of till it went on sale which I now realisae was a mistake so even if you cannot snap it up on on sale the Beata version is worth $40 easy and its only going to get better, so forget all the sooks complaining about certain arcade features not included in the current Beta release and buy it , you won't regret it. That's if your like me and want a sim thats as close as the real thing as possable and not an arcade game like the majority!"
,Recommended,244210,11991820,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,ondrejfencl,"Great game! Such a step ahead from rFactor in terms of graphics and realism. Great game, great cars (and great mods too). Try it and if you are petrolhead, you will love it! :)"
76561197976475553,Recommended,244210,12004816,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,🐲 Welshlad 🐲,ace nothing more to say gothem racing sim just ace keep up the good work
,Recommended,244210,12026951,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Hopeless,Assetto Corsa Is getting better with each update.  It looks pretty and plays well.  I will be interested to see how the career mode pans out because at the moment you are restricted in what game modes you can access/
,Recommended,244210,11812948,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,M1DDL3M4N,"Needs a bit of work yet, the camera movement when in chase cam gets VERY disorienting with its little twitches and jerks.XBOX controller sensitivity needs a manual adjust, and menu needs reworking for car selection, event selection, and performance changing (moving it and adding more).Love it so far otherwise!"
,Recommended,244210,11814203,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,IridescenceCasts,"So far, This game has great potential. The Steering with the Xbox 360 Gamepad is really gittery. Im not 100% sure if its just me or the game its self. But keep in mind this is am early access game, so i expected bugs and glitches. The game is perfectly playable and has good graphics, i havnt experienced any screen tear or FPS drops on max GFX settings (780Ti). I cant wait for a final product. I would love to see this game rival Forza and Grand Turismo with car and track selection as well as game length. Only buy this game if you want to support the Devs, dont buy then complain that it has glitches and bugs. Over all this is the best Race Sim Game on PC that i have played. 8/10"
,Recommended,244210,11822600,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,^[HST]^fredblogs,"Ever since GTR 2, I've been looking for a racing simulation to really deliver the goods again...which this does...in spades. For a while, some of Sim-Bin's titles, like the Race series, provided stepping stones through the swirling morass of arcady titles that are the norm. But they are really rather creaky now, and showing their age. And then there was this entry from Kunos Simulazioni.Still in alpha, it looks really nice - with full cockpit lighting effects (something that was sorely missing in the Race games). But it's the handling that's the star. It's exquisite, and is the central reason to justify calling this a simulation rather than just another game. There's a big difference, though the two terms are increasingly muddied together these days.For those at first unable to cope with such a full-on simulation, there are several options to ease the ride. This title still has some underdeveloped areas (damage, for example), but as I say, it's still in alpha, on top of which there is the promise of much DLC to come. The central experience is there - nailed. And once again I have a racing game that has me wide-eyed and thrilled."
76561198061657908,Recommended,244210,11833159,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,grozev88,Honestly it's a sick game. It's not for everybody. It's an actual simulator with the most realistic physics engine i've ever experienced. It's not your casual racing game. You need to have decent understanding of how to drive in order to play this game. I would say it takes about 20-30 minutes to get used to and then you'll enjoy it fully. I'm using a G27 and it's amazing. Recommended for everyone who's got a decent steering wheel.
76561198013084602,Recommended,244210,9588542,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,vencko,"I am a very big fan of simulations. My favorite games in the past : Sports car GT (PC), TOCA 1,2 (PC), Need for speed 5 Porsche unleashed (PC), Live for Speed (PC), Gran turismo for PS. This are pretty much the benchmarks what i understand under simulation. I have a Nissan 370Z so i kinda know what to expect. This game is missing the surounding speed. You going 180 acording to the speedo and it feels like you going 60. Then of course you dont think you are that fast and try to go through a corner and you just fly through it. I only played the game for an hour or so and i feels ok,but the speed factor is very unreal....or at least thats my opinion...."
,Recommended,244210,9600474,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,MysticalEliteZ,One of the Best PC Sim Racing with Killer Graphics similar to Gran Turismo 6. This game will be one of the leading edge of the PC Racing Sim industry with more cars.
,Recommended,244210,9668940,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,{Ez0} Acidwave,"My favorite F1 driver of all times once said:""When you are fitted in a racing car and you race to win, second or third place is not enough."" - Ayrton SennaI love this sim!"
76561197974673024,Recommended,244210,11849086,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,NobleAtreides,"I finally purchased this game, it derserves support to the creator and its team, and I was pleasantly surprised at its excellency, from immersion, to sounds, to realism, I have yet to tinker with all the settings, but I felt right at home at the NurburgringGP track, with all the high powered cars and their default setups.I am a long time fan of GT5 and GT6, and will always be loyal to that game, despite their shortcomings with the sound and forcefeedback dept, however, this game deserves an equal audience of support and time invested. To those GT fans (during PSN outage this weekend too, please do yourselves a favor, and give this a go)I also am blessed to own a Thrustmaster T500RS, and wow... just wow! The brakes, the ffb, the smells coming from the motors! all new sensations that no PS3 game could ever replicate.obviously will give Project Cars a chance too, this fall, but this game has almost everything, and by that I mean almost Nordscheife and almost multiplayer,the load times are lightning fast, and runs great on my 3 year old hex-core AMD 2.8GHz with 5 year old GTX460 videocard, it's flawless. at 1920*1080an hour into the game, and I am still giddy at the sounds, the kerbs, THIS is the definite driving simulator, and If you do oversteer on Torque deceleration you will HEAR, FEEL, and KNOW why.BRAVO team Asetto, sorry for taking my sweet time to buy it.signed, Lambob GTPlanet."
76561198096363100,Recommended,244210,11817751,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,NinjaJ,Assetto CorsaWhere do I start? This game/Sim is so good. Th mods u can get for it are realy cool aswell.The guys who hae made this game have put alot into it. They have done an awesome Job. I would highly recommend getting Assetto Corsa it is really cool and so fun to play. I would also highly recommend this car mod for Assetto Corsa{LINK REMOVED}http://www.mediafire.com/download/rf5cd8twuadohoz/ShelbyCobra_0.1.rarThanks Guys for making Assetto Corsa!!! Kunos Simulazioni keep up the awesome work!!!!
76561198123593950,Recommended,244210,11849918,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,ACW SHADOW,Seems like a genuine reperesentation of what these cars would actually drive like.
76561198124438572,Recommended,244210,11881496,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,HarmInTrying,"BRAKE, understeer, understeer, wall, turn turn turn! WOT!!!Good racing sim. Expect to lose control of your car and ability to refrain from cussing for the first hour. I am looking forward to playing this with a wheel.Played on Xbox One controller w/ default Win7 drivers.Reflection off the hood/shadows are very pixelated, although you will be too focused on keeping the car on the track to notice.Physics feel fantastic. It's a very realistic weight transfer braking into corners, realistic traction feeling. I might like this more than Gran Tourismo, although the latter does LOOK better... for now. Traction control does an unrealistic job of keeping the car in line. I suggest dialling it back or turning it off to maintain realism.Please make Linux release.TY-GH"
76561198009440984,Recommended,244210,9676090,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Luco1,"Exceptional racing simulator, highly recommend it."
76561197972372314,Recommended,244210,9418636,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Coowee,What can i say......There has not been a game since GPL (A good 15 years ago).....that has given me goose bumps like Assetto Corsa...!!!!!Alot of work has gone into this SIM....ALOTI take my hat off to all that made this game happen...:)P.S.    GPL cost me $70.00 AU when it came out.......so $35.00 is a STEEL......GET IT if you love to race cars.
76561198082842481,Recommended,244210,9657675,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,N. Oxender,Ferrari F40 has pop-up headlights. Nothing else matters.
,Recommended,244210,7626263,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,AngrySkull,"Wow!  Out of nowhere, this is one of the best racing simulators I've played;  the physics are impeccable and the sounds and graphics are excellent.  This game can compete with rFactor 2."
,Recommended,244210,13596112,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,ustaritz,"Clearly, this game out of the box is nowhere near as vast as a title like PCars, Forza or Gran Turismo. It features a small garage of cars. But it's another level above in terms of accuracy. Countless time was i told that it had the best driving model to this day. And wether it is true or not. It definitly is much better that any console sim available. I have not played iRacing or rFactor so i cannot compare. As far as i know, Assetto Corsa gives great satisfaction. It is graphically superb. And is relatively easy to mod if you are track builder, car modeler, or a programmer. ( You can build your own HUD applications )For it's reasonable price, it is definitly worth it. Sim racers will enjoy it. And i'm sure if you are interested in trying to race a truly realistic game for the first time. This game is probably the best choice on PC."
,Recommended,244210,7966660,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Cap'n Case,"This is the first PC sim I've played where drifting felt like drifting in real life. Difficult, but actually feasible. Also, braking feels pretty accurate although maybe slightly too inefficient, where in most other games it seems the braking ability is exagerated."
,Recommended,244210,34335478,Posted: 18 August,all,Sorken,Very nice if you are good trash if you are trash but in my case i am kimi räikkönen so it's no prob
76561198090825754,Recommended,244210,8196960,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Pininafarina,play forza on xbox    this game is just as good    well done look forward to full game
76561197970439950,Not Recommended,244210,15306881,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Born2Die,was a backer and well they now want to milk me again to play or i should say as some think this is ok ... to add new carsway too soon so to you a goodbye ...
,Not Recommended,244210,13558238,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Sh4,"This game is not really enjoyable without a steering wheel and pedals, if you plan to play this with mouse/keyboard or gamepad, you'll have a bad time.I think the game have good graphics, can't really say about the driving dynamics since I tried to play this with a gamepad and the steering was horrible (if I touch the analog stick the steering wheel does 3 turns instantly) so couldn't even complete a race. You can't remap controls if you select 360 gamepad config and with a custom config the steering is completly wrong.Saw a lot of bad things, the sounds are terrible, there's very few cars and tracks (not even complete nurburgring, only the GP version.Wouldn't recommend it unless you have a complete sim setup with steering wheel and don't mind driving only a few cars.Also blur effect is everywhere, everything is blurry."
,Not Recommended,244210,13793954,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,KRUNCH,"I cant believe that the only reason that i bought this game (Nurburgring) is now being sold seperately as DLC, very poor show, wish I could get a refund :("
76561198006893355,Not Recommended,244210,30266438,Posted: 1 March,all,Wubwub,"Had a promising start, but it's clear that arrogance and egotism have become the 'driving force' behind design decisions, rather than the knowledge and expertise of real life racing drivers. This spells doom for the development of a simulation where constant self-reflection, openess to feedback and attention to the smallest detail should come first.I cannot recommend purchasing a game produced by a team that is so vile to it's fans and paying customers. The company may have been bought by Digital Bros, but the man responsible for this disgusting behaviour has retained his position within the new order and he does not seem the type to learn from his mistakes."
,Recommended,244210,16822149,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Equinox💕,"Full support for steering wheels, pedals, shifters, and gamepads. Configuration for all those options.Native tripple display support. You can add and disable in-game apps (chat box is an app). If you want to race other people in a real vehicle but don't have a nice car, this is something you should check out. If you don't have a wheel and pedals you can use a gamepad but...you probably need to enable gamer options (turn ON all assists) for that. I only play this with a wheel pedals, and shifter so I have nothing to say about gameplay with a gamepad.Nothing else compares when it comes to realism."
,Not Recommended,244210,22093426,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Athanaric,Bought this to support the developer since they were planning on implementig VR support for it.  Just found out that they decided to drop it.  ugh.
,Not Recommended,244210,20275877,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Boostie,Game has a myriad of issues and does not work half of the time.
,Recommended,244210,13773023,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,01,Most realistic driving simulator out here.Best cockpit feel.
76561198001752043,Recommended,244210,13680480,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,HolidaySpiritGix,Best racing simulation game right now. 12/28/2014waiting for Project Cars!
76561198053974727,Not Recommended,244210,21117304,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,schultzyiscrazy,Be wary of this dev. They sold this game in early access and promised more features and proceeded to make the vast majority of them paid DLC. Shifty as all get out.
76561198084155929,Not Recommended,244210,14462441,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Bings,I echo many of the other negative comments on this. They released an unfinished Alpha as a full game and this game lacks many of the basic features you'd expect in a racing game. This is not worth the full price as it stands.This game has all the gear but no idea.
,Not Recommended,244210,17444155,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,MatF1,"Touts itself as the ""The most realistic PC racing simulation"" where it is in fact not even in the top three,Besides the multitude of missing racing features standard in other titles, the features that are there all feel sub-par.Specifically speaking after the 1.2 update these are the things that prevented me from enjoying the experience.-No feeling of tyres. Suspension, Steering and bodyroll but nothing at all for the tyres.-Slow inputs. Countering oversteer was too fast for the sim on most occasions. Very unsettling to have to slow down in this regard. Also had the consequence of feeling disconnected from the visual experience. FPS@160 RR@144-Graphic fideilty actually shocked me. It's the first time I've played the sim since upgrading to a 1440p monitor.At 1080p, it could be argued that it is one of the better looking sims. Howver at 1440p, it is damned ugly.Textures seem very low res and the lack of fidelity caused a headaches.After waiting since early beta for a decent experience with this sim, I'd have to say, it ain't gonna happen.I'd personally go back to FPS/RPGs if this was the best simracing could offer.Very Dissapointingi5/780gtx/GT2/CSR/R3V26 year simmer."
76561198042949462,Not Recommended,244210,19291585,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,coops,very dissapointed.asseto corsa call it a game its not even a sim.DLC'S all the time no updates to the core.if i can give my copy away let me know how and someone can have the piece of crap.stopped me from buying other titles to support at early stages.my hard earned $$ could have been spent on better than this crap would recomend not to buy it if looking for a SIM.
76561197978477859,Recommended,244210,14506673,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Bov,"This is no Arcade sim, if you like Need for speed,Grid etc with the arcade driving style then this game might not be for you. If you like racing simulators and like to be challenged on you're skill then this game is for you.lacks cars.lacks racetracks aswellWent 145mph and spun it into the wall and wrecked my car, will wreck my car again ! 9/10Ok been playing this game on and off for a few days now and was using a controller.. Yeah it's fun with the controller but you can't really get a feel for the cars dynamics, So i went out and purchased a logitech g27 with wheel stand and it's enhanced the gameplay by miles so if you can afford to do so i would get a wheel to give this game the immersive driving style it deserves.You don't need a high end steering wheel i just wanted the logitech due to the reviews about this awesome bit of kit and decided it was the one for me and i'm totally happy with the purchase, but im pretty sure a cheaper wheel would bring you the same satisfaction.Just to top off what i have already said this game is really good, The  map mods avaiable are really good some are life like and others are just low detailed replicas but that still doesnt detract from the beauty of the games mechanics which make this a awesome simulator.I would recommend this game even with the high price tag if you are a Racing game fan and want to have the challenge of driving fast and keep the car in one piece.It does lack tracks and cars but rumour has it they are brining out DLC soon even though i think the game price already warrants the cars should be free.. but hey all developers are now using DLC to draw in more money so it was only a matter of time until assetto corsa did aswell.Kids play - Need for SpeedBoys play - GridMen play - Assetto Corsa"
76561197982272451,Not Recommended,244210,14916233,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,E3S6,"A lot of things that the game has just igrored by 90% online players that fapping only couple tracks and couple cars, so if u don't like gt u'll get bored to play alone"
76561198182004890,Not Recommended,244210,20099667,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,jawright80,When using an xbox 360 controller you cannot pause the game you have to hit escape on the keyboard..... seriously..
,Not Recommended,244210,19810121,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Steven's Wheelchair society.gg,"Not fun at all, unless you have a racing wheel."
,Not Recommended,244210,22287452,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Odhis the Spooky Skellington,"If you can get the thing to run, it's fantastic!  A wonderous racing simulator with emphasis on the Simulator aspect.But that's a very big IF.Latest update has made the game completely unable to even boot for me these days, even on a clean install, a clean install alongside a clean install of windows, verifying cache does nothing as it reads everything as a-okay.tl;dr if it works, it's great, but never ever trust italian software or electronics to be reliable."
76561198044635977,Not Recommended,244210,14794833,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,yellow man,"I liked this while it was in early access, but now it's being marketed as a finished product.This game is horribly incomplete. Career mode is a poorly-made gimmick, multiplayer doesn't work half the time, there are numerous bugs, and AWD isn't even complete yet. I find myself just driving around in singleplayer.What pisses me off more is that they have the audacity to release DLC for an unfinished game. When did they become Ubisoft?It's Gran Turismo 6 all over again."
76561198100795958,Not Recommended,244210,14656587,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Maxthecat441,do not buy unless you have a full racing sim set up!
,Not Recommended,244210,14889975,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Bruce Lee,"So the game Is finally out, feels unfinshed with a small selection of cars and now they dump DLC on us for $15 ??!? Not to mention the DLC tracks, why are the DLC tracks the only tracks with the longer distances with them??!??♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t."
,Not Recommended,244210,14798772,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,LORD TACHANKA,"there's not enough content, simple as that.why pay 35 pounds for a game when you can buy a much better racer for 15?I'll admit most of the simulation is pretty incredible but without much content to usse it with this game becomes tedious and un-intreaging so I have to advise you not to buy this game."
,Not Recommended,244210,14912544,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,danseaview,"There are already hundreds of reviews detailing all the things wrong with this game, so simply put don't buy it."
,Recommended,244210,11760564,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,LoudCore,Better than Project Cars x 100000000000000000
76561198107608663,Not Recommended,244210,23908906,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Brad's Games,"I thought I would give this a try because of the Summer Sale deal, but I have my regrets.  On some of the tracks the sun is so bright.  It's like a super nova.  The colors are washed out it's ridiculously bright.  It needs fixed.  On the driving model.  Yes it's good and the cars for the most part tend to drive differently which is nice, but it's very shallow, there's not much to do other than time attacks and over taking the car in front of you.  The AI is simply put, stupid.  The other cars drive on rails most of the time and will run you right off the road.  Sure you can tweak a ton of things, but you can't setup a realistic race weekend with practice, qualifying, fuel managment, tire management, and pit stops let alone a realistic racing season?  Racing games had all of this stuff and more twenty years ago.  I don't see much more to do in Assetto Corsa than what's in GRID which is a sorry state.  Skip this and try iRacing or RaceRoom.  They're more expensive but better games."
76561198282960405,Not Recommended,244210,29015917,Posted: 4 January,all,tony.topping,"Maybe its me but the steering is uncontrollable, the slightest input is magnified beyond any reasonable expectation, The graphics are nothing like the video adverts either. Very dissappointed. Not a patch on any of my other racing games."
,Not Recommended,244210,16457717,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,LithiumFox,"This isn't saying I hate the game. That's far from the truth. It's a fun game/simulator that has a lot going for it. Laser scanned tracks, fun cars, realistic looking graphics. It just falls short of a true simulator.Pros:Fun cars.Fun laser scanned tracks (THE RING!)Easy to drive, hard to masterGreat GraphicsModding!No Monthly Fee!Cons:Physics are not terrible, but not right. No simulated aero, fudged tire data, etc. Even on lower track levels, this feels apparent.AI is♥♥♥♥♥♥ There is no other way to describe this. I mean, it's gotten better. Certainly better than the Kamikaze cars in Project CARS, but compared to rFactor 2, this AI is by no means good.Modding! = Fractured Community without auto-download tools like PlayWithSix or built in tools.Horrible NetcodeI'd describe this game as a hotlap simulator. It's great for driving. It's great for doing time trials. But when it comes to dealing with actual ""racing"", it falls incredibly short.If you want a decent offline racer, go for rFactor 2 as a great simulator or Project Cars if you want a more arcade styled simulator.If you want to race Online, rFactor 2 still has some great leagues. Also, iRacing has some of the best pick-up racing you can get (excluding the low Strength of Field rookie races. Ugh), and recently released the amazing Aston Martin DBR9, which is awesome.Also: Stock Car Extreme is pretty fun too! :D"
76561198046599735,Not Recommended,244210,17839321,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Cronum,"Game is less than what i expected, which is not much considering half the time it does not work. Almost as bad as DayZ in my opinion. Looks half thrown together and quite frankly I reret this purchase entirely. Forza Motorsport was a much better driving simulator."
,Recommended,244210,23131744,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,BeoTeK,Do you like cars?Fast cars!Do you like cars?Pretty cars!Do you like cars?Loud cars!This game has cars!I like cars!
,Recommended,244210,29739421,Posted: 6 February,all,A^,"The best driving simulator I played in ages. Being italian, having this game from Kunos is a big pride! I honestly can't enjoy other racing games after playing Assetto. Sure the weather conditions are still not there but you can get it damn cheap, the DLC's are top quality and often goes on sale and - on top of all - the devs ENCOURAGE modding and even allow it on official servers! If you download a track and there's someone hosting it you can just go in and play. and this alone should make it worth it to help out rare developers like them still doing it like it used to be back in the golden age of pc gaming.This is opposed to nowaday's trends where devs release broken games, hide essential stuff behind stupid paywalls and when they release DLC's they're often cash grabs.I'm enjoying this game with a G29 + H Shifter and it's a blast, you have tons of hours of gameplay with the carreer only, let alone playing every car on every circuit and downloading the mods to have even more...if you love cars and want to have a realistic simulator just buy it - you'll love it! :)"
76561198034669805,Not Recommended,244210,18621992,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,t0mt0m,Terrible VR support.  Wouldn't even call it supported at all.  Still haven't updated to 0.7 runtime and Rift is already on 0.8.  DO NOT BUY THIS IF YOU WANT TO USE IT WITH OCULUS RIFT!
76561198166255412,Not Recommended,244210,15165217,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,schaksta,"needs car customizations and all cars mode in online race so any car is available at least,wheres all the awesome cars??"
76561197988052190,Not Recommended,244210,15682984,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,xander_craw,"I only bought this for the apparent NATIVE oculus supportok here is a list of appalling faultsFirstly Its not native otherwise it wouldn't need to have the *.ini files to be mucked about with or the screen priority's to be changed.secondly it will NOT exit whilst being played and can only be pushed back to the launcher using crtl+alt+del. hitting the esc key does nothing but remove the sound but the game keeps running !!!after doing the above the game will crash back to the launcher every time you try to race even after restarting steam and the game, only restarting windows then allows the game to run ; i also completed a race to see if it then sends me back to the launcher..... nope it just sat there staring at the car in the pits so... force quit and the cycle restarts.the controls won't reassign, i hit a button when prompted and it just ignores the input even though it can SEE the input on the indicators in the setup screenthe track is nearly invisible due apparently to the exposure levels and has to be adjusted  each time the game is loaded (and the game won't pause) so you cant get off the line and adjust the exp' at the same time and adjusting the exp' of course then makes the cockpit incredibly dark and is unusable"
76561197976628153,Not Recommended,244210,16562673,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,ShadowMunkey,"Graphics are decent, but thats where it stops. Too much dlc and not enough off the start. I bought it really for nurimburing but thats dlc... Controller compatibility is poor and hard to use. My mouse randomly jumps up and right constantly in the menu screen which is really annoying when setting up controllers. Adjusting controllers constantly to get proper setup. I spent over an hour just trying to get my controller to work right"
76561198068796872,Not Recommended,244210,15959031,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Shebib,♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥game worst piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥simulator ever seen don't buy.
76561197971977055,Not Recommended,244210,16754094,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Lord_Adrick,"Bottom Line: In my opinion, Project Cars has this game beat in every aspect. Glad I got my refund!Reasons include:Extremely limited content, very few tracks, even fewer cars, no music, lackluster graphics.Additional evidence of a poorly made game: garbage UI, no weather effects, no track map overlay, no useful telemetry... basically all the items Project Cars has is missing in AC. And where the F is Laguna Seca? What racing game leaves out such a major international track?The only advantage I see to AC is the sandbox modding you can do. Why pay for an unfinished product that you have to mod to even function the way you want it to? Think RPGMaker for a racing game sounds cool? I did too until I saw the lack of polish even for top-tier mods- for example the 'community made' Laguna Seca track was horribly glitchy on top of being incorrect for the iconic corkscrew turn. Where are the fan made R34 GT-R's and C7 Z06's? Not worth waiting around for someone's pet project to turn up while you pay for this barebones game that the devs left to the community to support."
76561198074360375,Not Recommended,244210,17440823,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,broman0000,I really feel like this game is not complete. also the controls are not the best and there are not that many cars. it is very pretty thought.
76561197981522456,Recommended,244210,29799152,Posted: 9 February,all,Junneh,BEST INITIAL D SIMULATOR.GET YER TOFU BOYS!!!
76561198199043058,Recommended,244210,29752783,Posted: 6 February,all,justin.kalloo,I own Both Assetto Corsa and Project Cars.I wish there was dynamic weather (rain).I wish i could turn off and start car (ignition system)I wish there were Mitsubishi Evolutions and Subaru WRX StiGraphics and physics are very good.Tracks are more accurate.Very good variety of racing modes.The Pagani Huayra has no Blow of valve in this game. (No Turbo sounds compare to real life)No turbo sounds heard when car is in neutral.I wish car noises (turbos) and unique car sounds were present for each car more accurately. (some cars have them)Please Fix all these and send out update.
,Not Recommended,244210,20417541,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,SilverbackSi,"This game is horrible,  AI is too good, it never makes mistakes, no point in having damage on because you will just be in last place.  There was no point adding controller support because obviously this game will only work well with steering wheel, which must give you super powers because sometimes the AI can overtake me in the same car as me when I'm going top speed.The game still feels like its in early access. very barren and boring."
,Recommended,244210,14108490,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Dustymellon,It's Gran Turismo for PC.
,Recommended,244210,17371316,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,niko,"This game has terrible FFB on my keyboard. Kunos pls fix this, my keyboard doesn't even vibrate while driving. :("
,Not Recommended,244210,16691711,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,rubberGemz (jizcriz),I can't quickscope
,Recommended,244210,29401300,Posted: 21 January,all,PickleChunks,"Amazing simulator, Real physics and rules, great graphics, and much content!"
76561198092981045,Not Recommended,244210,15923499,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Zephyr,I hate it how steam said that it was compatible with my graphics card and then all of a sudden it says its not compatible in game get your game specs right steam
76561198091796924,Not Recommended,244210,22907589,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,RoyalOneOne_HSDWG,"Bout this game a while ago.. It has a great feel to it and the cars and tracks are great, it just seems to lack the content of other racing games.My main issue is that everytime I step away from the game for even a few days to a couple months and come back, I have to go through hoops trying to get the damn thing to run again. Most of the time I just get an error on start and it just won't launch.My other issue is reading their guide provided no help. Go to their forums to get help.. Nope.. you need to register just to view the damn threads.. Seriously? Just let me read the troubleshooting threads at least.Pretty tired of doing all this run around just to put in a few laps.. Its not a fair comparison but I'm just gonna wait for Forza on PC"
,Not Recommended,244210,17537333,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Xabyos,"Game doesn't work correctly and by that, i mean it only worked once!Everytime I click on DRIVE the loading screen comes up for a few seconds and after that it goes right back to the menu! Without ANY explanation.And that's it. I can click on it as much as I like. It's always the same result."
,Not Recommended,244210,16457980,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,angerydad.jpeg,"Overall, I'm disappointed in this game. It's got great physics, well-optimized graphics, and awesome sound. However, the gameplay falls short and that's what we're after, right? Not as many tracks or cars to choose from as there could be, sure there's a modding community, but I still feel like it lacks native content. The menu is buggy, and the enviroment isn't all that fantastic. They could get away with small graphical details not being the best on console. I'm looking for a game that has gameplay features on par with something like Forza, but utilizies the resources availiable to us with PC, such as 1080p 60FPS with fantastic detail textures and models, and then going beyond the typical console racing game with the gameplay, because you can. Real PC gamers typically don't want simple quick gameplay like you see in console games, they enjoy more in-depth micromanagable type things, because the PC can handle that. It's a good game that's decently put together, I'd just like to see more out of Assetto Corsa. Especially with the price tag."
,Not Recommended,244210,16477725,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,cray4K,"I bought this game and was really excited. Unfortunately it came up short, as the career mode is lacking and the whole game is lackluster. Get Project Cars"
,Not Recommended,244210,17352054,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Silica,"PROS:- Awesome looking graphics- Nice sound- A lot to doCONS:- No gameplay experience for low end or mid end users(A GTX 650 Ti, AMD FX 4130 and 8 GB DDR3-1866 RAM is way too less to play this game. Only had 15 FPS on 1080p, 20 FPS on 720p and even on 480p only 27 FPS. Even with overclocking to the masximum I only had 20 FPS on 1080p, 24 FPS on 720p and 30 FPS on 480p no anti aliasing used, else the FPS will drop to 5 FPS.)- No NVIDIA 3D Vision support(screen stays black)- Controller works only partial(menus still needs mouse and keyboard)- The controls feel strange(played Forza, Gran Turismo and GTR. But those feeled way more realistic)- The racing line is static or doesn't work with my hardware.- The AI is definitivly made for pros, never had a better placement then 5th.(finished GT 1-6 a 100%, Forza 1-4 & horizon series a 100% but this is way harder.)RESULT:If you have a high end PC with i7 4xxx / i7 5xxx / FX 8xxx series, an R9 xxx / GTX 9xx series give it a try. But if you have a lower end pc, don't even try. You will not get any decent FPS here. I can play Metro Last Light 1080p on max settings, including the 4xMSAA with 24 FPS on lowest, but here my PC can't even run the game on lowest!!! settings. The gameplay and a bit strange driving physics are learnable. The goals from the carrier can also be solved at 80% AI at least. But the performance is so bad on low end PC's, that it makes absolute no fun. And to play this game in overclocked mode isn't really possible, because it crashes every 15 minutes, Metro Last Light does not, with same configuration. It could be a really awesome game, but only for high end gamers, mid and low end can't enjoy it. Too high system requirements. I will probably give the game another try, when I get my new INNO3D GTX 970 Hybrid card and i7 4820k with DDR4-3200 RAM, but before it will be unplayable for me. :'( (\s/)"
76561198100808670,Not Recommended,244210,15659974,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,littlenigga,"I was hoping for the game to be this amazing racing simulator. I read the reviews and it seemed hopeful. so I bought it and the dissapointment sunk in.Firstly....what the hell is the point of this game? there are no unlockables, upgrades, rank, or money.second...the campaign is totally unfair as the AI seem to be way to good. Not to mention its repetitive and you race everyone in practically the same cars.thirdly....This game gets boring quick, because there are no ♥♥♥♥ing goals, and no ♥♥♥♥ing unlockables , there are no reasons to play this game!!!!This game has pros however;first...the sounds are easily 10/10second...the physics feel real and feel goodthird...the cars feel almost real do to the looks and the cosmetics of it allIf I rated this game I would give it a 4/10"
,Not Recommended,244210,16740709,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,THEWhiteWolf496,This game is essentially Project CARS but worse in every single wayworse graphics less fun expensive dlc boring  boring boring.Do NOT Buy this game it is awfulI had to refund it it was so bad
,Not Recommended,244210,19962615,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,MEDE,"Filled with menu bugs, bad UI and now you get alt-tabed out to Steam Store DLC page every third click or so in game menu. Game turned into worthless crap thanks to this..."
,Not Recommended,244210,14652095,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,xit,"If you're heavily into simulation games, sure, give it a go, but only if it's on sale for like 5€.As it is right now, there's too many things lacking to call it a proper game.Pros:+ nice engine sounds+ nice sense of speed+ quite stableCons:- woefully bad AI- lack of tracks- lack of cars (six different Lotus', BMWs, etc doesn't count)- no weather effects- no night driving- mediocre graphics- career mode is, well, bad to put it nicely"
,Not Recommended,244210,14398069,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,i dislike white people lol xd,Its pretty bad unless you have some kind of controller/wheel. Even then...$50???
,Recommended,244210,17339579,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Flamboyant Frenchman,Played till my arms fell off. Then I gripped the wheel with my teeth.
,Recommended,244210,18116673,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,JulianM ♛,"Playing this with a modified G27 is the best racing/drifting experience on PC i have ever had.There are so many mods that makes this game so playable, with the nice graphics and physics.10/10"
,Recommended,244210,17339302,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Balazio,Great simulation experience! Worth buying!
,Not Recommended,244210,19744073,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Pr1zmm,Physics are♥♥♥♥♥♥ I honestly don't know why people are giving it good reviews... Cars handle NOTHING like they do in this game. I kinf of feel like i wasted money on this game. I'd like it if the physics were correct. It really takes away from the experience.
76561198072817067,Recommended,244210,15754030,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,PhantomDog,"Overview:Pros:Superior Force Feedback and car-feeling (!!!)Really fun to play, time attacks alone can entertain you for many many hoursHUD is fully customizableDriving aids can be set on, off or factory (which gices you only driving aids the car you are driving actually has)Decent graphic, can be reduced to run on older PCsWide range of car Types (oldies like Alfa GTA, Street sport cars like elise and Alfa Giulietta, supercars (SLS AMG, MCLaren P1) 90s DTM, GT3!, GT2, Formula cars, Group C etc....Many modsNot incredible hard to play for new players coming from Gran Turismo etcCons:No night racesNo rainNo brake temperature simulatedNot THAT much cars (mostly 3 of every type), no Porsche, no Audi (yet)DLCs (most updates from now on will cost, however the first and only update yet was reasonally priced 15€, 10€ when preordered)No real career like GTIn my opinion it's a game for race gamers that want to take a step towards realism compared to GT5/6 or NFS Shift and for every Sim racer coming from the former generation of Sims like GTR2, Race 07 etc.I REALLY recommend to play it with a FFB wheel, at least a Driving Force GT (as i do at the moment), yes it is possible to drive with a game pad (xbox360) i just tried it and it was still better than GT6 with a PS3 controller. But in the end i have NEVER heard of someone saying ""i totally wasted that 75€ on my wheel, Assetto Corsa was the same fun when playing with a game pad""The DLC stuff is annoying, but compared to other sims (i racing, race room)it is ok. Up to now the first DLC contained 1 track (laserscanned nordschleife, you REALLY want this) and 10 cars for 15€ respectively 10€ when preordered and 5€ if you buy it with the basic game (50€ instead of 45€).edit: The second DLC contains Barcelona GP as track in different setups and several new cars. In addition, there are some new cars in the free updates by now, nice thing, you dont have to pay for every new car.Buy this game if......you want a good realistic racing game...you dont need action, driving a 600hp car that feels like a 600hp car makes your day... and you have a xbox controller at least, a ffb wheel would be way better...GT6 is to arcade for you...you dont expect you to win every race on every track immediatly, it will take some time till you master a track/carDont buy this game if......you think racing is just pedal-to-the-metal...you expect action racers like grid...you want a career...you are a hardcore sim racing purist who cannot live without night, rain and brake temperatures...you want a game where it is enough to know the track roughly to win...you are not satisfied with the content and not ready to buy DLC"
76561198107669471,Recommended,244210,16276234,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,FernandoIT@,"Very nice game.There is no need to make a long and beautiful review,because the people don't care what you write,gives you a negative vote just because is jealous."
76561198106355640,Not Recommended,244210,14280168,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,vf500intercepter,"I don't like it.  I have triple monitors and I can't change the viewing angle, so some cars im viewing from the hood and feel like im driving a semi.  Some of the cars feel great and others are like driving a marshmallow.  The cars feel like they are floating to me.  If you want a real racing experiance Iracing is the only way to go.There are not very many cars to choose from, half are lotus.  The graphic quality is not what I thought it would be either.  I have two GTX960 sli and 16gb of ram running this thing full out.  The trees and track look good but the car interior is nothing better than iracing."
76561198029246461,Recommended,244210,17905150,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Mattalot,Such a good sim with great mod support and mostly good comunity
,Not Recommended,244210,19487624,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Cabooze,"Game doesnt work, I cant even start a race as the loading screen for the race shows up and nothin happens, then it returns to the menu again and again."
,Not Recommended,244210,20955171,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Tinus the Drug Lord,"I enjoyed most of the time I spent playing this time, yet I cannot recommend it. The physics are incredible, as are the detail put in the cars and the tracks. You can have a great time hotlapping on this game, but that's pretty much where it ends. The career is the dullest i've encountered yet on any racing sim/game, and the AI is a big let-down. The AI-controled cars seem to be completely unwary of your existence, bumping in to you on every occasion they are near you. Besides that, after they bump into you, only you will lose control of your vehicle, never the AI-controlled vehicle, causing you to be forced to slow down for five seconds. The career exist out of multiple events in a tournament with some minimal requirements to get to the next tournament, on that goes on and on and on, whilst no rewards asre presented to the player. As the player is able to simple adjust the AI-strength, the feel of victory is minimal after reaching 1st place in an event. The AI-difficulty seems to only control how far the opponents push the pedal to the metal, not their ability to drive. Not even going to talk about multiplayer aspect of this game, as it is simply to broken and abandoned to even try.TL;DR: great foundation this game has, but refinement in every other aspect this game has not"
76561198154010418,Not Recommended,244210,20537516,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,will.barrows,"I bought this game in November 2015.  It has NEVER worked.  I have a number of other racing sim games which all work fine.  Unfortunately I waited til after Christmas to sit down and take a hard look at the problem. I still cannot get it to work.  I asked for a refund. Valve/Steam refused.  I again asked for a refund, pointing out that Australian consumer law requires them to give me a refund if the product is not fit for purpose - without limit to how long before I ask for it.  They again said no.I am not averse to trying any reasonable technical steps to fix the problem.  As a career computer professional believe me I DO know what is reasonable.  I could not get it to work.  What I then found was a long list of UN reasonable steps to take.  Taking those steps could make other programs on my computer malfunction and it's just not worth it.If you buy and it does not work ask for a refund STRAIGHT AWAY.  It's not worth the grief."
76561197997895999,Not Recommended,244210,14161034,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Bantivorous,"i wouldnt know, it has major issues with my logitech G27 wheel so i havent sspent any real game time with it..."
,Recommended,244210,18348018,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Adam,"Assetto Corsa is the most challenging racing game I've ever played:The car might be pretty damn easy to drive if you're a Sunday driver, but whenever it gets competitive, pushing to the limits is really hard, and when you can push it to the limits, I'm sure there will be a cheeky smile coming at you!I race this game because I want to prove what I can do. Not organised races aren't really fun due to having almost no challenge. The only challenge is to try and not get hit from the Crashtors because there are many, and when I say many, it's a lot! That's why I race on Social Organised Races that you can find Online. Because of the Crash Physics Online being... how could I say, disastrous? It's impossible to have a Full League due to a lot of online issues.Now, Single Player is just a bunch of fun in Practice Mode! The Physics are just awesome and there's a lot of cars you can find online that are pretty fun to drive! Now, racing the AI is not that fun because they are pretty slow. But at least they care about you compared to rFactor AIs!If you are thinking of buying this game and you have a Force FeedBack wheel, BUY IT!"
,Recommended,244210,21022791,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,BeastViper,10/10 would drift again
76561198057834398,Not Recommended,244210,20496524,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Twisty McFisty,"I bought this as a replacement for forza 4 when my xbox broke. I was hopnig for a game i could do some drifting and this SEEMED like a good game. I was wrong. The car selection is a shard of what forza has. The track selection is about the same as forza. As for the actual gameplay i was VERY disapointed. Trying to get all the settings to work correctly with a usb/xbox controller was awful. Not to mention you cant operate ANY menus with the controller, which is really stupid. You cant adjust the settings in-game either so i spent an hour going in and out of a practice race to try and get all the settings right. As for the drifting, it just doesnt work correctly. Evertime i tried the car either understeered into a wall or it would just do a 360. This was with multiple attemps using different settings and different assists. As a racing game its alright but for drifting dont bother, it garbage."
,Recommended,244210,17165749,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,SpiffyDeezy,dumbest ♥♥♥♥ing server hosting thing in ANY game EVER.
,Not Recommended,244210,16745886,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,MOMBAI,"Absolutely disappointing game. Unrealistic driving, crashing with 200mph only scratches and broken windows and so on. Pitting also very bad."
76561198136957721,Recommended,244210,23761521,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,goskey,Simply the best car racing simulator! The physics are just incredible!
76561198115579359,Recommended,244210,21664309,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,x3zero7six3x,this is THE BEST simulation game on the planet track ir works out of the box not so with PCARS graphics are outstanding so are the physics just awesome
76561197968395244,Recommended,244210,23789833,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Brisse,Best physics simulation of any racing sim.
76561198058876703,Recommended,244210,17978116,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,[BNR32] Cheeki Breeki,"Jumped in this gameRaced Stage 3 F40 on NurburgringFell in loveHas to get offGoes and drives for 10 minutesAfter returning home, I complain that it wasn't as realistic as Assetto Corsa."
,Recommended,244210,15920318,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,TourettesPanda,"Accidentally changed from 3rd to 1st, engine grenaded.10/10."
,Recommended,244210,29263537,Posted: 14 January,all,Gundam,JUST BUY IT
,Recommended,244210,29675552,Posted: 3 February,all,Greylord_GR,Beautiful game but still needs alot of refinement to be complete.Can someone please add BUGATTI VISION GT?
,Recommended,244210,29788344,Posted: 8 February,all,randomac,Best Racing/Driving/Drifting simulator out there. Period.
76561198122813366,Not Recommended,244210,21261706,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Matt.K69,Good game with great physics but lacking a polished career mode and does not have a great car list and subpar graphics.
76561198064074987,Recommended,244210,28524907,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,lewy,pretty good sim but expect to fork out another 100 bucks for all the dlc if you want to play online. there are literally no servers that support vanilla (without dlc)
76561198121965994,Recommended,244210,29411816,Posted: 21 January,all,Heathbar91,"good game, great devs."
76561198028204579,Recommended,244210,29524558,Posted: 27 January,all,Iceman_259,"Pros:Physics and driving model feel goodHuge modding community with many quality modsGood VR support (for Oculus)AI has improved a lot since early days, can have good races against them nowCons:No native curated online play (public/private servers only - SRS plugin/service does a good job fixing this)Player base is somewhat euro-centric, can be hard to find players in North America but I haven't experienced major issues with pingNo wet weather (not the biggest deal, but would be nice to have)Long story short, hands down the current best sim for VR users, and the quantity and quality of mods greatly enhance the experience. Kunos have laid a pretty solid foundation and have maintained and improved it well. Well worth the money including DLC."
,Recommended,244210,12617298,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,RPD/Rooster #rip_Tom_Petty,Good and fun game. You really need a racing wheel if you want to have the full experience. 10/10
76561198111383896,Recommended,244210,23729268,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,DrugLord Ord | trade.tf,Is 5.5 bar on a Lotus 98T too much for overtaking  ._.  ?
,Recommended,244210,24510883,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,DJJHUGHES,"Buys it in 2014,Uses controller for 2 years,Game forces him to buy wheel,becomes expert racer,becomes next takumi,wheel brakes desk,buys new desk,Japanese Pack comes out,game now 11/10Download SRS for AC best Racing on AC I've ever had!No big crash on the first corner :)"
76561198064872663,Recommended,244210,23054573,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,[23]InsaneM,if you like cars you will love this!
,Recommended,244210,29476273,Posted: 24 January,all,PNJ.,Funny drifting game
,Recommended,244210,29710275,Posted: 4 February,all,playerzklubVRstudios,I finally got a chance to play this game thru my Vive.  Graphics and mechanics were on spot on this game but after driving and crashing too many times got me really nauseated :-(  Maybe I need to tweak the settings.  Definately a must buy but if a 2nd gen is in the works I would wait for it until its completely playable directly thru the Vive.
,Recommended,244210,29577305,Posted: 29 January,all,Mai,"I started playing racing games more seriously with Gran Turismo 4, then I went to rFactor and now Assetto Corsa.I have been playing Assetto Corsa since Early Access and its impressive how much it evolved since then. Despite Kunos being a small team, they release updates frequently and their DLCs are very high quality and have affordable prices.If I had to give an advice: be careful if you are looking for a ""racing game"", Assetto Corsa is more focused on the simulation aspect and it might be challenging for the casual player, it also lacks a few features that are common in the ""racing game"" genre. But if you want a realistic simulator and enjoy the driving experience, I totally recomment it."
,Recommended,244210,13062069,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Dias Mendes,"Muito bom, simplesmente absurdo. Graficos lindos, jogabilidade incrivel. É tudo que eu queria em um simulador."
,Not Recommended,244210,28314870,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Exiled†Sickness,Weak 2/5
76561197976030327,Recommended,244210,17420552,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Flag1944,"It's been almost 2 years since my original review and much has changed since then (for the better).FFB : 10/10 Still awesome, but no longer second best. In my opinion it is the best.Graphics (1) (Track and Environment): 8/10 If it weren't for the trees it would be 10/10, but who looks at trees when they drive...Graphics (2) (Cars): 10/10 Every single detail is accounted for inside and out and this is especially noticable in VR.VR: 10/10 Nothing comes close to the level of detail and the feeling of AC with the Vive or the CV1. PCars and Raceroom don't even come close.Multiplayer: 9/10 this used to be a downside but since the grading system has been placed on many servers online racing is now a safe place. Not as good as iRacing, but still really good.AI: 10/10 I would have only given this score to the RFactor, but since the latest update 1.14 the AI are just as good. Racing them feels like racing actual people.Physics: 10/10Car Selection: 9/10 There are somewhere around 100 cars in game, many time this number with free modded cars. I would give it a 10/10 but it won't get this until I see a few Group 5 and more Group C cars. These are my favorites to drive and even the mods are lacking in this area.The devs are constantly adding more to this sim and the community is great. If you are even slighly interested in simcraft and have a  wheel or even a good controller you won't be disappointed with this title.ORIGINAL Review from August 2015: Much potential to becoming the best sim racer available.So far this title has almost everything right. Superb FFB (second only to GSCE, but not by much), Great graphics (Pcars only slightly better), Awsome physics (second to none) and Laser scanned tracks.The only problem so far seem to be with the AI (which is still better than Pcars AI) - which at the moment is getting better and will continue to improve. There are still a few minor hiccups but things get fixed with each and every patch as they should.Racing multiplayer is a blast if you play in a league or with the right people. But sadly the public servers are full of kiddies that like to troll.Even if all you end up doing is hotlapping this sim is worth every penny"
76561198035636601,Recommended,244210,25132925,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Chloe the spoopy dragon,"Take all my ♥♥♥♥ing money for all the dlc, just keep the spot on physics.-Projectcars got rekt for its arcade style crap.-If you wait they add cars to the game for free.-physicsbut no free lambos!? wtf."
76561198014305977,Recommended,244210,19275787,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,lightning-100,"I love it. I was looking for something like Grand Tourizmo, This is graphicly better and a solid sim. Could not be more satisfied"
,Recommended,244210,19989808,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Rinner,Amazing with a G25+
76561198165612603,Recommended,244210,13567600,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,mburnell1,"just spend 40$ on this game, doesnt work got system specs down there... should work!?Manufacturer LENOVOModel 3493JQMTotal amount of system memory 8.00 GB RAMSystem type 64-bit operating systemNumber of processor cores 2Storage--------------------------------------------------------------------------------Total size of hard disk(s) 464 GBDisk partition (C:) 195 GB Free (451 GB Total)Media drive (E:) CD/DVDDisk partition (Q:) 3 GB Free (14 GB Total)Graphics--------------------------------------------------------------------------------Display adapter type Intel(R) HD GraphicsTotal available graphics memory 1760 MBDedicated graphics memory 128 MBDedicated system memory 0 MBShared system memory 1632 MBDisplay adapter driver version 10.18.10.3958Primary monitor resolution 1280x768DirectX version DirectX 10"
76561198008182328,Recommended,244210,18444930,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,mikefromearth,"Wow. This game is fantastic.It has great cars, tracks, physics and sound. There is a huge modding community puting out new and old cars and tracks every day. It's got a python API which lets you write your own apps for the game easily. The graphics are good, though I have them turned down to run on my Intel HD 4000 but it does run, and it runs at 60fps.This is the most realistic non-real driving I've ever done. It's a blast. Even my girlfriend loves it."
76561198202094591,Recommended,244210,18446621,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,mbe911,"Game in slow motion.  Need help,  99% occupancy in practice mode."
,Recommended,244210,18761484,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Valiant,"If you take a good look, this game is stunningly beautiful in the way it presents graphics and gameplay. 11/10Replays are amazing to watch, specially when you are drifting and you put the replay in slow motion as you slide your back end out around the corners. 11/10"
76561197971465808,Recommended,244210,17816579,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,MRO,great game single player online is a pain 7/10
76561197978675481,Recommended,244210,18438172,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,RYN,Very Enjoyable.
76561197971590886,Recommended,244210,18399442,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Silent Storm™,Don't Wait Any longer if you are searching for a real Sim and not a video game... Thanks Kunos Team......
,Recommended,244210,18447170,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,PinkGrind,It's so hard to write a funny review when this is such a serious game :/10/10
76561198020620507,Recommended,244210,7966495,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,trivium911,how ythe♥♥♥♥♥♥do u install th update
76561198049245968,Recommended,244210,18443153,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Andy23511,"After playing this game, my real life Infiniti Q60 coupe feels too arcade 10/10"
,Recommended,244210,18041929,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Gopnik,"If you are the type of person who loves realistic games then you will love this game, however, if you are the type of person who enjoys not so realistic driving physics like GTA and Need for Speed then this game is not for you.This game takes real world driving physics and puts them into a virtual world.Along with the games amazing driving, the graphics are unreal!11/10 IGN"
76561198037712365,Recommended,244210,18397812,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,h_1995,"good simulator but a couple of things (UI for example) needs to be reworkedanyway if this has split screen it would be better, just sayin' if you can implement multi why not split screen?if bots is bottlenecking give an option to reduce it in split screen"
,Recommended,244210,18444419,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,The Stig,"After playing Assetto Corsa, I start to question myself on whether or not real life driving is more real than this"
,Recommended,244210,17654413,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,zanga254,Absolutely amazing.
76561197971896207,Recommended,244210,18386141,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Xenotone,"In my opinion this is the best driving simulator. It has the best combination of graphics, physics, force-feedback, VR support and online that seems to work fairly well. The feel of the vehicles is spot on for me. I seriously hope they add support for the consumer VR sets, and I'm sure they will."
76561198244651832,Recommended,244210,18387200,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,peethutzler,"Hello, my name Peter Hutzler.This game is fantastic, I love it!!!!But I downolad the 1.3 dream pack 2 and after I can't use the game!!!Pleashe help me!!!"
76561198023927371,Recommended,244210,18406091,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Fadzli Jamil,You guys should buy this!
,Recommended,244210,18463813,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,EggplantBOI,all the AI opponents are pros at the pit maneuver
,Recommended,244210,15538495,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Nemmy,Warning!!! Danger to Manifold11/10
,Recommended,244210,17100144,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,KingNyan,"I love sim racing and I have to say im extremely impressed with the overall feel of the cars. This game is a perfect lesson of quality not quantity, there isnt tons of cars be I feel (Because i cant be sure considering ive never drove any of these cars) the physics are spot on! My only advice is DO NOT buy this game if you dont have a wheel. You WILL crash constantly. Other than that its a wonderful game and Kunos studios has alot of potential here, if they keep developing it. Now, go buy it.... NOW"
,Recommended,244210,18397051,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Yankz0r,"This is by far the best racing game I've ever played.The cars feel really good, the tracks are insanely accurate and the drifting....oh...YEA BABY.Definitely NOT recommended to people who like arcade racing like (for example) GRID. This game is much slower and takes much more skill to make corners and take over. Here you DON'T slam into another car if you want to pass it.Even though there will always be ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s playing this game and ramming into each other, most people (I've seen so far) are quite nice and know how to discuss issues on the tracks with each other.Love it, definitely worth the money."
76561198046902499,Recommended,244210,18436279,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Oen,awesome
76561198087535418,Recommended,244210,18469270,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,CQR Myles,"Assetto Corsa is the best useless racing sim avaliable, it's physics are exceptional the cars feel so right and are so fun, I also believe that is the best looking racing game avaliable, (better than DriveClub) the car models and lighting are perfect to the point where it's picture perfect. The car selection is also equally impressive, track diversity is lacking a bit with nothing outside Europe currently although there are quite a few moded tracks although there not laser scanned. However the issues come with the Ai, the pointless ""career"" and the mediocre multiplayer, they limit the core functions of the game, however I expect these to be improved overtime and by the time it is released on consoles (what I believe will the the actual AC 1.0) I can see AC passing Project CARS in the field of an accessable racing sim."
,Recommended,244210,18782846,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Dink!,"This game is a fun filled, rage endusing, car simulator. Graphics and sound quality is well done. My only complaint is that when go over to the project cars car list, you see that Assetto Corsa is helplessly out numbered. Adding more FREE cars would be a good idea to compete with this and help raise hype for the game (BAC Mono, Subaru WRX STI, Buggati Veyron, etc.). That being said, the cars that the game has now are perfectly crafted, and sound like you have a helmet on and are taking the car for a spin.Great sound, graphics and gameplay. 9/10"
76561198112335919,Recommended,244210,23331389,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Ron   ︻气デ═一,"Hmmm only 2 hours of play so far.  Better than P-cars?  (not sure yet) I tend to stick to the road better in pcars... so for that it\'s more fun (pcars) but is that more real?  Dunno.This one about double the price of P-cars...  not sure if it\'s double better?  Very similar.  (so far) I got both this and pcars due to VIVE play.  Both play well, both great graphics and frame rates.  The interface on P-cars (mutliple pages scoll left and right) is annoying.  This one has (likely due to new ocuculs support?) main menus OUT OF VR  (irritating taking off head set between settings).  But the in game (on the track VR menu with curved display is cool).  Not sure why I have to reach for the mouse and click \""DRIVE\"" after clicking start engine.  I suspect that will be stream lined in time.  I also bought the 3 DLC packs. But (I could be wrong) but it seems like I have more cars and tracks in P-cars.  I\'m still on the fence as to which is better but  29. vs 59.  I\'d have to recommend 29.  But that may change. I don\'t have a lot of experience in either of them yet.  (I seemed to have just missed a 40% sale on this one = (   bummed about that."
76561198164018971,Recommended,244210,19948044,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,dudemanguyy,I was a gran turismo player since the first one came out on ps1. This game has some similarities but is definetly superior in many ways.
76561198072219998,Recommended,244210,14292109,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,PROSPEED,LOVE THIS GAME . ME AND MY BRO SUPPORTED THIS GAME FROM THE BEGINING BECAUSE WE BELIEVED IN THE PEOPLE BEHIND THE GAME. WE JUST HAD THAT  GUT FEELING THAT THIS GAME WOULD SUCCEED AND IT HAS. THANKS TO EVERYONE ELSE WHO MADE IT POSSIBLE.
76561198104045167,Recommended,244210,19289113,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,samcoulter79,this such a good game one thing that would make this game really stand out is if there was a lunch control option and the tractio control light flashed on the inside dash bord and that would be the real driving expercince
76561198012453171,Recommended,244210,13990965,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,SKEEEEE,decient game but i was looking for a simulator not just awsome looks.  im hooked on iracing.  im new to the pc racing scene and would recomend IRACING its expensive with in game purachases but keeps the riff raff out.  if you really want to get into pc racing and got some money to spare check out I RACING.
,Recommended,244210,12589971,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Mohawk_R33,there should be a default controll for a 360 pad that is good for all car handling as i find the settings confusing at times oh and more user input for a game pad for the menus instead of going back and forth to game pad and mouse and keyboard and vice versa.
76561197962243636,Recommended,244210,15182019,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Joshuax VGOS,"Great racing simulation, for every real fan of cars ;-)"
,Recommended,244210,14437053,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,[BBW] DP,"Assetto corsa is one of the most detailed sim racers out there. The graphics are pretty much better than any other racing game, pehaps on a par with project CARS. The game is constantly evolving and improving with great potential. If they can sort out the multiplayer, then AC might just well end up being one of the best sim racing games ever made."
76561198245718440,Recommended,244210,26456062,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,NONAME,nice game
,Recommended,244210,32880094,Posted: 27 June,all,東方の黑猫✿,eh
,Recommended,244210,33046973,Posted: 30 June,all,Sid,It's good.😁😁😀
76561198058777721,Recommended,244210,33711312,Posted: 21 July,all,زنجي,somebody buy this for me
,Recommended,244210,17343035,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Mr.Bottomfrag,gg
76561198178546510,Recommended,244210,25984016,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,North Chief,this is the best automotive game.
76561198341803153,Recommended,244210,34492618,Posted: 25 August,all,Ethangel,how can i start the game on steam vr using htc?
76561197988320665,Not Recommended,244210,16666903,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,hazzey`,"Like others have said its good, kinda a hotlap simulator becuase the online racing is terrible. I perfer iracing all day but if youre not into real competitive racing and just want to turn some laps its fun."
,Recommended,244210,12529229,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Pacman's Gran Fury,"In-game, doesn't look half as good as in the pictures. There are weak points everywhere, like terrible damage model, but even so, the game is good and it's worth to have in your library if you are a fan of cars and sims. The physics model is quite good, FFB only loses to Project Cars implementation."
,Recommended,244210,26232383,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Ljubisa Savic,meme
,Not Recommended,244210,15710305,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Pepè Silvia,"I've tried playing this game a few times and never really had fun. I picked it up at launch to play with the Oculus Rift. The support was very glitchy but I wasn't expecting much and it was kind of neat for a few minutes after the couple hours it took to set up.Aside from that, the menus in this game are TERRIBLY laid out. There is an overwhelming amount of options but it's all sort of thrown in your face without any sense of presentation and it feels very alpha. It took me too long to figure out where to begin, what the first challenge was, whether or not I finished the first challenge, and that I was supposed to open the menu on my own and manually quit the course when I felt like I was done. I tried setting up my G27 wheel using the included settings but I could never get it to recognize correctly and gave up after 30 minutes of fooling with the menu. A few times the game has crashed from menu and I've had to reboot my computer to get it to start again.As for the driving, I can't say much as I've quit after the first couple challenges. I know this game is a racing sim and I have played a couple other racing sims before so I know what to expect, but I don't find the racing enjoyable enough to play further. I wish I had waited until this was on sale."
,Recommended,244210,33421871,Posted: 9 July,all,THOT fragger,this game is good buy it before it came assetto corsa 2♥♥♥♥ off
,Not Recommended,244210,16708179,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,B-Bud,"First off, this game does not work at ALL with gamepads that aren't specifically an Xbox controller.Not only can you not rebind any of the buttons, you can't bind them period. All the buttons remain completely functionless with no way to change them.And the game automatically makes the wheel spin at insane ranges of degrees, even though there's an option that's supposed to set how many degrees your analog stick should map to the wheel, it doesn't work. No matter what you set it to, it always acts as though you have it at the highest setting.Also, the game does not allow you to change any options while actually in the game.Don't buy this if you're hoping to play it with any gamepad other than a 360 controller."
,Recommended,244210,23231881,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,AshenOne,loading modules
76561198031067807,Recommended,244210,34378551,Posted: 20 August,all,Kaos,I love it! :)
76561198320121379,Recommended,244210,32679106,Posted: 23 June,all,Raj,Recommending this game but this is not balanced and may eventually suck.
76561198017844785,Recommended,244210,23442312,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,NielKodaR,One of the best racing simulators I've ever played with lots of mods10/10
76561198201320485,Recommended,244210,22154118,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Alejandro Risso,Simulacion 10 PuntosGraficos 10 PuntosMultiplayer 8 PuntosSonido 7 Puntos.Balance general = Hasta el momento el mejor simulador que he manejado.
76561198125308129,Recommended,244210,15589293,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,joebob661,This game is a very good and realistic sim.
,Recommended,244210,22302227,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,[MILK] Fishl Vilitzer,"Best driving sim I have ever played. The selection of cars is good and ever expanding, as are the tracks. Graphics are beautiful, none of those ultra dramatic unrealistic lighting effects as found in some other games.The modding community is absolutely amazing, the amount of quality cars, tracks, liveries and graphics mods that you can find is astonishing.And the most important thing for me, the physics are great. Every car feels completely different. If a car has two turbos you can actually feel the second turbo kicking in later than the first.The career mode is fairly noninteresting, but I honestly don't mind that. If you buy a proper sim like this you probably just enjoy driving and have no need for career events.Although the AI is imperfect, it is certainly enjoyable to race against them. People complaining about constantly getting crashed into by the AI are probably just ignorant of the racing rules. Sure, if you randomly cut across a driver while he has the right for the racing line, you are obviously going to get hit..."
,Recommended,244210,22317639,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,HAZZDOGZ17,is a good simulation and highly recommond cars are quiet good and there are decent mods
76561198118886997,Recommended,244210,21830027,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,louie,"Recommending not because it's a great sim, but because it fills the niche that it's the only decent sim with a somewhat active multiplayer that isn't subscription based like iRacing. The sim is still very lacking, but hopefully after console releases are done the game will receive tweaks towards the UI, multiplayer and singleplayer AI which were poorly rushed to release the sim as quickly as possible."
,Recommended,244210,21877909,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,the fail man,"second best racing game I've ever driven rfactor wins by a small part.pro:drivingcar amountmods!tracks awesome quality!cons:AI rame me all the time, playing only time attack or practicelittle unstable with much mods"
76561197998712242,Recommended,244210,8124931,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Ne0ne,This is a step up from any other racing game.
76561198074375521,Recommended,244210,19344837,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Pepparkaksgubbe,Amazing race simulator!
,Not Recommended,244210,14906460,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Kirito,"Good: Very realistic physics, beautiful world and carsBad: Doesn't deserve the price for the amount of content the game has, despite having mods. And very boring to play in single player.Verdict: 7/10, buy at sale."
76561198040855477,Recommended,244210,34737850,Posted: 4 September,all,Frency,"Assetto CorsaImportant premise: the following review is based on my personal experience.ProsConsRealism (general)Personalization(Generally) Decent communityDLCs and modsFew minor flawsMeagre (about some specific features)ExplanationPros:Considering we are talking about a simulator, therealismcomponent has been carried out with undoubted skilfulness. For example, the way the car reacts to the controls, the nearly crystalline sound quality, the possibility to hear the wind based on intensity and direction, the feedback feeling of ending up driving on a speed hump and much more, assure a very good video-game immersion.There's also a widepersonalizationof various settings such as graphics (with in-game benchmark included), car appearence, tracks, time, wind, temperature, et cetera. There are various tracks with a lot of variants; there are as well a lot of settable controls: even the ones that allow you to flash and to sound the horn.Thecommunityis generally respectful about the driving rules and, considering the politeness of the average player, I can say this community is pretty decent, almost good.This game has a lot ofDLCs(the price is generally reasonable) that add a lot of new cars into the game. There are a lot of freemodsas well that allow a high level of customization.Cons:This game hasfewandminor flaws: the server list menu is heavily slow, despite everything else is normally smooth; some descriptions are missing (for example, the game does not explain what the ""time attack"" mode is when you select it); sometimes the steam overaly does not work, or it works in an irregular way; the optimal speed arrows do not update dynamically, preventing the player from adjusting the speed and direction based on his current performance.This game has somemeagrefeatures that could be improved. For example, the only weather selectable is sunny, cloudy and foggy; no rain and snow. There are for sure a lot of cars to choose from, but I would have personally preferred a higher variety (there are 24 brands with an average of 2.54 cars per brand). A lot of cars are being added with the DLCs, but that doesn't change the basis of the matter; the championship menu is completely empty (you can create your own, but I would have preferred some default ones to play on the moment). Finally, during a race, the position of the players is not updated in real time, but only on the track's ""checkpoints"" (the locations where the timings are measured). Same goes for the lap: its update is based only on the first player's current position.Final considerations:We are talking about a game that mostly focuses on the simulation aspect: it's in fact possible to see, manipulate and handle a lot of technical settings and countless information (if wanted) when on the track. Considering it's a simulator, the interface is clear and clean, but not as sumptuos as the ones like GranTurismo et similia, in fact it focuses mostly on the technical aspects, balancing properly the aesthetic. It efficiently uses the PC resources in order to give an enjoyable experience even without the best components. About the feedback, the controller does its job for sure, but I think it's a game that has been created in order to be fully enjoyed mostly if you have the complete racing setup (wheel, pedals and gears shift). The in-game default events (career) are dull: there are races where you can drive only a specifical car and need to win. No team, events, rewards or anything else. On the overall, I feel recommending this game if, and only if, you are truly interested only about the simulation aspect. If you instead want to try something else other than mostly the sole simulation, then I suggest you to take a look on other titles as well.Personal scoresGraphics8 / 10Plot- / 10Gameplay6 / 10Sound8 / 10Music7 / 10Result7.25 / 10If you have any questions for further information, feel free to ask."
76561198062253432,Recommended,244210,24844103,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,artzonda,Best racing cing games for now
76561197960469153,Recommended,244210,16929062,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Derp Train,"This is by far the best racing simulator to date. I have tried them all: Project Cars, Grid Autosport, RaceRoom Racing Experience, but nothing came close as far as giving you the rush and feeling of being actually there. People will argue that Project Cars has more cars, bells and whisles, track etc, but I found that none of that mattered if you plan on using a Logitech G27. The force feedback feels EXACTLY like in real life. You can feel every tiny little imperfection on the road and vibrations through the steering wheel which adds a tremendous amount to the immersive experience. One thing I also noticed is that the each and every car felt different, unlike Project Cars, which reminded me of the arcade racing in terms of wheel support.Multiplayer - Assetto Corsa absolutely kills it. There are variety of servers running custom mods and tracks, you can easily download them and play in them. Important to point out,  Not all game modes are competitive. You can drive laps around a tracks casually with bunch of people, make new friends. The drifting server's are where it's at.They are extremely addicting, I warn you."
76561197973899524,Recommended,244210,12512929,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,rivaltr,Best racing game ever.
76561198005208247,Recommended,244210,23458490,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Free,9.9/10
,Recommended,244210,23751492,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,DarkEgg,Best sim racing game for PC. Some more love and updates for drift comunnity would be great.
76561198074310681,Recommended,244210,16813759,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,polishan,When you start to play you will see it is the Best racing game going. !!!
76561198065936730,Recommended,244210,24344789,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Private_McArthur,"ow... i was wrong, RedPack not for free as i thought... but then again, who cares ?Thank you again Kunos for keeping the game alive !!! The best and most beautiful sim ever !!!!keep getting my money !!!!"
,Recommended,244210,14292086,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Rontiqls,"Very realistic sim. If you are expecting another NFS, dont even think about this game, but if you are looking for racing simulator, this one is the best there is."
76561197972385390,Recommended,244210,16996260,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Racing393,best game sim ever
,Recommended,244210,21766532,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,22Two,Best racing simulator game out there probably :PThe only problem is THE TRACTION OF THE CAR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ANNOYING -.-
76561198041018846,Recommended,244210,8146326,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,neonomaly,Really strange driving physics. It looks like car has only one wheel in the middle of body.
,Recommended,244210,25176512,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Sony.400,Do you like driving or racing?Do you want the best driving/racing simulator out there? BUY Assetto!
,Recommended,244210,18953700,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,n00b,Best game evahh
,Recommended,244210,25213770,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,LSDaniel,"This has to be the greatest racing sim out there, it has great psychics, pretty good graphics, and a ton of cars and tracks. I highly recommend it, but only if you have a racing wheel."
76561198092582034,Not Recommended,244210,15967052,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Matt,"Disappointed with the poor support for the popular Xbox 360 Controller which I have used and tried different settings with, which games like Next Car Game already have good settings without changing anything."
,Recommended,244210,21502992,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Skreamies,Beautiful Rian
,Not Recommended,244210,34029419,Posted: 4 August,all,SpacePrez,"Do NOT buy this game for VR. VR support is abysmal. Controls and menus are absolutely horrible, takes forever to get anything set up. Absolutely horrible VR experience. Huge headache."
,Recommended,244210,27515804,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Iowan Flower,"If your looking for the most realistic SIMULATOR then look no further. Assetto corsa provides super indepth tuning, amazing sounds, beautiful graphics tied in with the ease of modding. Endless fun, one of the best future classics"
,Recommended,244210,29645202,Posted: 2 February,all,SpartaVlood,"Got this game when it was Alpha.Now at the start, i was very frustrated. Having only played games like NFS, or other arcade games, controling the car was too hard for me. (Especially because i am using keyboard only) I wasn't able to go straight (Those wheel spins).Now, with better understanding of what this game is, and what its aiming for, i fell in love with it. The way car handles is so realistic, and with keyboard u can only get limited amount of fun. Would you believe this game got me to buy logitech g29?. I never bought PS3, or ps4 or xbox or any other gaming consoles.  I am not a fan of driving games either, but after getting Asseto Corsa, i love it now.Pros: Realistic (In terms of Graphics and gameplay)Great game company (Unlike other BS games where they charge ur house for a little more content, this company             adds whole lot, and in great quality)Sound: The sound of each engine is very different and makes you feel as if you are driving a real one. (It even got a sound for cluching down and up!Cons: High entry barrier (This game is pretty hard (especially without driving wheel)Without having some DLCS you can't join Multiplayer serverMakes you keep spening money, (Either on DLCs or Equipment) <- don't know if that is bad thing but :D"
76561198314879159,Recommended,244210,30659294,Posted: 21 March,all,iRonkiZ,love this game to death
76561198020558790,Recommended,244210,22117693,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,JFT96,"got this just for the F1, i have to say that this game is ground breaking  , your in car heaven with this game.  gameplay , Car Physics, game graphics its all so well done with this game..if you like f1 or car games get Assetto CorsaAssetto Corsa 10/10"
,Recommended,244210,21933550,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Nosdorm,Awesome actual race simulator that has graphics.
76561198138723491,Recommended,244210,25872838,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,herki,Great screenshot generator! You can even drive the cars!
76561198169204887,Recommended,244210,31281229,Posted: 21 April,all,mr50cal,Excellent
76561197992046809,Recommended,244210,31283653,Posted: 21 April,all,M@S Deception,faq me Yeeeess !!!
,Recommended,244210,31310993,Posted: 22 April,all,jld,reverse entryinto a guard rail11/10
76561198163204282,Recommended,244210,34459731,Posted: 24 August,all,tattierbark,*R E A L I S T I C  P H Y S I C S  I N T E N S I F I E S*
76561198084579414,Recommended,244210,26739054,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Skipper,"Great game if you're into drifting, racing, or any other form of driving. Rallycross isn't the best but go get Dirt if you're after that."
76561198028612780,Recommended,244210,31309637,Posted: 22 April,all,Alecain,"I'm writing this review not as a car guru, but a car lover. Not as a european racing connoisseur who knows every apex, surface and bump of every track, or the person who knows entire generations of famed drivers. I'm writing this review as a low-level car enthusiast and gamer. I'm also not an ace in writing, so this review will be brief and to the point. So let's begin.I think... I'm really neutral here. This is a wonderful simulation, but it leaves a lot to be desired. The car models are great, the sounds are fantastic, but it seems that no matter how many times I try to fall in love with it, there is always something missing. Let's go over some pros and cons...ProsExcellent driving experienceEasy to use UISimple control set upRuns quite smoothly on respectable hardware.DLC is usually pretty cheap, and includes lots of useful new stuff :DConsGraphics... I mean the cars look good... but that's about it. Tracks will have texture resolutions all over the place. Tarmac is sharp, rumble strip kinda sucks... grass is.... yuck... Cardboard cutout spectators don't help either.The AI, while usually pretty good, can become 'stupid' (braking in the middle of a turn, causing you to rear end them)FFB in this game, no matter my settings per anyone's recomendation, always feels more like rumble than actual pressure. If I understeer, the wheel rumbles. If I powerslide, the wheel rumbles. If I ran over a rumble strip, the wheel hurts itself.Last but not least...TORQUE. OMG... what is it with racing sims never simulating torque correctly? Rev the Ferrari F40 to about 6 grand and dump the clutch, immediately flooring the throttle, and the car stalls. Um, excuse me? What happened to all that power the engine was generating? Now, I've never driven an F40, but I also find it kind of absurd that I have to eggshell the throttle on a straight at high speed, when upshifting into 4th for fear of suddenly spinning up the rear wheels... AT SPEED. I just don't get it... it's almost like the torque algorithm runs backwards in racing sims. CAN'T spin the tires by dumping 6000RPM into the transmission in a low gear, but CAN spin them in a high gear by easing on the throttle while already running 100-120mph O.oI really, really love AC, and I hate to gripe on it, but it has a few set backs. When I saw it was coming out on console, my immediate thoughts were ""where the only good graphics are the cars?!"" Not to knock on console gamers, but for the most part, they love their awesome graphics. Nonetheless, I can't deny this is a wonder sim with a lot going for it, and Kunos has been very good to us in improving it and keeping it running smoothly. I don't want this to come off as negative criticism to them. In reality I hope they keep pushing and pushing and pushing,  because this freakin' sim has potential!"
,Recommended,244210,31332164,Posted: 23 April,all,bums,"dank racing sim, would reccomend on controller or wheel."
76561198261701228,Recommended,244210,26543361,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Kurt Josef Wagle,I love the game butikk they shoud ad stylingen.
76561198032736926,Recommended,244210,29411027,Posted: 21 January,all,ALL THE DANK MEMES :3,for the next update can you add support for a clutch on controller
,Recommended,244210,17467874,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,| ‡Œ‡ | RuthlessBullet,Best game ever love it.
,Recommended,244210,17196434,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Tom_,"Like a wise man said ""Screw this game, I'm sweaty."" - Brian Miller 2015"
,Recommended,244210,17308245,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,DR. FAT PUSS,This game is stupid sick.  just wish it had more stock street cars to choose from and the isle of man tt course.   ♥♥♥♥ my pants.
,Recommended,244210,17330568,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,pavig,"If you're into racing (and have a wheel etc) then definitely add this to your collection while on sale. It may not have the glam of pcars, but the fidelity of the driving models is second to none. The weigh and grip physics, the insanely high fidelity of the laser scanned tracks where you feel every elevation change and pothole, makes driving alone a pleasure not found in other sims. This is the only non-rally sim I have played where hot lapping isn't boring. The AI races competently without being over agressive. Career mode isn't so great, graphics are pretty but merely functional, weather/environment simulation is primitive, but the racing itself is a class above simcade titles."
,Recommended,244210,17787138,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,AntiVVeaboo,Very Realistic
76561197977064875,Recommended,244210,14428578,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Willfade,Do you like motor racing? If so buy this game.
,Recommended,244210,18263977,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Eximo,"Top quality simulator with easily the best physics engine in any motorsport game.  No other racing game comes close in terms of feeling the car and how it is reacting on track, the graphics are excellent and the level of detail on the cars is also excellent.  The game is best played with a force feedback wheel, it works ok with a pad but you will miss out on how good the physics are if using a pad.  Online is good, the netcode is implemented well and holds up even with large grids.Mod support is excellent and there are some truly fantastic mods available, some of the content in the game was actually taken from the mod community which shows how good the development team are in supporting the community.There are some downsides however, the game front end is a web based launcher and must be used with a mouse. The interface inside the game isnt much better and again must be used with a mouse.  The AI is ok and can put up a good fight but the career mode isnt that good as it is just a series of races in a car, there is no qualifying or proper rule set including pit stops.If you like motorsport games then this is an essential buy"
76561198315094538,Recommended,244210,32282446,Posted: 8 June,all,GALM1,"I have a decent PC but I cannot even get the game to run. I go to race, or practice and it just crashes my system. I can't seem to find any information on what to do or what to try. I feel like I've tried everything to get it to work. Just wish I could find someone knowledgable to help me get the game to even function. Edit 6/24/17 After reinstalling the game everything seems to be working on for now. the little bit I've finally been able to play has been decent. EDIT 9/3/17 I ditched the AMD cards I had and got an MSI DUKE 1080ti and wow a world of difference, everything is working with no issues finally. running amazing frame rates at 4k."
76561198390991851,Recommended,244210,35117552,Posted: 21 September,all,mlinflin,amazingggg
,Recommended,244210,24653786,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,†griev,Fast speed and drifting lovers definitely worth buying.
,Recommended,244210,29407033,Posted: 21 January,all,Michael O. Hill,"Great game for even casual players, mods are easy and using them is easy as well. Many people claim that you need a racing wheel to get the full experience out of this game, but I'm fine using my 360 controller for all of it. Great game for any car lover!"
76561198015603540,Recommended,244210,11866762,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,-1PARA-Pringles,CRAPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPP CRAP
76561198025012278,Recommended,244210,11984822,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Irons,"Simply put, if you like realistic driving simulators you'll love this. Crisp, responsive controls, gorgeous visuals and a thorough driving experience makes this a worthwhile purchase."
76561197960385279,Recommended,244210,12030936,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Pokiou,The best racing simulator hands down!
,Recommended,244210,13187569,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,kazereal,"Newest and greatest racing simulation on any platform currently.Excellent visuals, good sounds, accurate laser-scanned tracks from real-life locations.The grip, physics and feedback simulation is top-notch and highest quality you can find.There's plenty of adjustment options on cars that support it (such as GT2 and GT3 race cars) so you can find the optimum settings for each track and your driving style.Very much recommended for racing and simulation enthusiasts.A set of good wheel and pedals is definitely must-have to properly enjoy this."
76561197960679813,Recommended,244210,18702741,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Spectator6,"UPDATE: Now have a force-feedback wheel, and I can honestly that's been one of the best peripheral purchases I've ever made. Increases the value of racing sims exponentially and allows sim racing titles like AC to reach their full potential!Currently a mouse and keyboarder and the excellent mouse steering input option has allowed me to enjoy the heck out of this game. Oozes attention to detail at every turn.  Not perfect and career mode is admittedly underwhelming, but I'm perfectly content to hotlap for times/challenges and go bumper to bumper with AI that continues to improve.  At the early adopter sale price I got in at, I'm consistently pleased at the progress Kunos is making and the things they're adding to the game.  The quantity and quality of content being produced by such a small team is astounding!  Bravo!"
76561198091071598,Recommended,244210,23622507,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Atlssandro,"Once I bought a wheel and pedals for my PC, I looked into racing SIM. Well, Assetto Corsa was one of the top ones, with all reviews - attracted me to try out. Since I started its compaign, can't get enough of it. I have never driven real car in my life yet, but this game influenced me to learn many aspects of how car is driven, what is ABS, traction control etc. and generally how cars work.TL.DR. 10/10 Just buy it, no regrets. (with all DLCs)"
,Recommended,244210,25094338,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,V4L,Simply Awesome!
,Recommended,244210,12629697,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,typhoon,(nearly) everything you could want from a racing simulator.
,Recommended,244210,11831266,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,cm_okey,"Like It, I seek a Racing Simulation game, and I just like it."
,Recommended,244210,33196812,Posted: 3 July,all,mohammadsab,Believe me.Today I bought this and played more than 6 hours with it.REALLY enjoyed it and i would enjoy it more if I had a wheel.DONT GET FOOL BY THE ♥♥♥♥♥♥ PROJECT CARS.
76561197993445969,Recommended,244210,8130912,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,ShooterMcTuna,Should of known.. as soon as I pay 40.. it would go on sale a week later.. sigh
,Not Recommended,244210,13290742,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Walter Melone,This game needs some serious tweaks. Horrible to play if you use a controller. I can't even get past the 2nd or 3rd race in the second teir. Why in the world would you try to race a E30 M3 vs the new V10. How is that even remotely close to fair. The only cars I can stay in front of at all are the other E30s. There's not even a way to adjust the difficulty to just get past the crapply setup races. Plus the fact that I have to Alt+Tab out of the game before every single race or I only get 5 FPS for some reason. Only game I own that this happens with. Tried a bunch of stuff including reinstalling the game and my video drivers. Giving up on this game until a few updates are released. MAYBE then it will be a fair game..
,Not Recommended,244210,22092260,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Hunta2097,Too bad Kunos aren't interested in OpenVR support. Hopefully they will rethink that.
76561198247040810,Not Recommended,244210,26733551,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,GTI-UP,"This game could be great, if they would just fix the UI menu's. You can't navigate the menu system without a keyboard and mouse! I play this game from a sim rig in the living room and sometimes use a VR headset, what a major pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to break out a keyboard and mouse just to play this one game! Come on it's almost 2017, why is this game using such a dated UI that requires a KB and mouse? Sticking to Project Cars, and all of the other racing games untill they fix this one."
,Not Recommended,244210,13657763,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Amy Rose,"I am so disgusted with this game. Don't bother trying to just go in and race for fun with a friend unless you want to spend hours browsing multiple websites for various ""workarounds"" and ""fixes"". I have spent the last hour trying to set up a simple server and it's still not working. Having a game in early access and then moving to an official release without even offering a simple way of creating a multiplayer match is ridiculous."
,Not Recommended,244210,18807771,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,USteppin,Overhyped.
76561198032251347,Recommended,244210,13429322,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,VLAD THE INHALER,The only racing game a man can surely masturbate to
,Not Recommended,244210,33665695,Posted: 19 July,all,Spooky804,This game has got to have the most complicated and completely unintuitive method for creating a multiplayer game session i have ever encountered.
76561198125697485,Not Recommended,244210,13290423,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,extragummi,"Since the latest update, graphics are bellow average, mouse interaction within races/replays is almost impossiblw to useThumbs down"
76561198033892968,Not Recommended,244210,24342706,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Lars,With every update your wheel config gets deleted
76561198197388213,Not Recommended,244210,19355485,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Jeep Wrangler,I want my money its sucks
,Not Recommended,244210,13688194,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,I like toast,Unless you own a racing wheel stay away. It tries to be a pure sim racer but allows no grace in controls. You'll lose speed in nearly every corner compared to other racers unless you can be extremely  precise in your steering.
,Not Recommended,244210,13866190,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Kriegen,"Assetto Corsa is extremely challenging.  I cannot recommend this game for casual racers.I've played many racing ""sim"" games like Gran Turismo, Forza, and Grid.  All of which I would highly recommend over cheaper more arcade like racers like the Need for Speed Franchise, Burnout, etc...  With that said this game makes games like Gran Turismo feel like the cheap arcade racer games they actually are.  This is definately a true racing sim for the hardcore fans.Playing career mode is punishing.  I managed a gold on the first time attack stage but was blown away on the second stage when racing a full grid of AI racing opponents.  Even if you scale the difficulty of the AI back to 80% (lowest) it's difficult to finish in the top 3 positions.  The AI makes no mistakes and follows the racing line perfectly.  The only change the AI slider seems to make is that the opponents drive marginally slower, enough for you to win if you drive flawlessly around the course.  After numerous attempts I was able to secure second place.If you're like me and don't have the patience to master every single event in the career by practicing it over and over then this game is not for you.The physics, graphics are as good as everyone is saying.  In Multiplayer I'm sure this game is a real blast.  I really wish I could vote this game up for the hardcore and down for the casual."
76561198014070718,Not Recommended,244210,18961673,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,(sic) CAS,I play this game at a friends house so i have more than 30 min on here. I love this game but with xbox controller it sucks. The wheel is so much nicer. Also I had never realized how complacted it was to set up everything from scratch. And to be honest the graphics are very disapointing. I have been a PC gamer longer than iv been playing Forza. If u like Racing sim and have xbox just get that b/c this to me is a crap sim. But like i said i am a forza guy. If you want any custom cars u have to get them online and put them in this isnt a problem if u know how to do somthing like that. I just hate the fact that i got this game thinking i would be abel to do alot more from the start. I have hours of downloading and modding to make this game like i have always played it at my friends. This kinda upset me mainly b/c my dude told me to put stuff in the wrong folder and gave me crap links to get the cars. So i had installed and reinstalled like 3 times in one day. But After all that at the end of the day it is a very fun game. Just be prepaird for lots of frustration on navagation threw menus and having to go back and forth so much just to change settings and controls. Honestlly This game out the box is not any where close to worth what it cost but after hours and hours of downloading and changing stuff up it can be awsome. I am going to Not Recommend this game just b/c of that reason pretty much. There are not much for updates and from everything iv read the company has no plans to ever try and fix any of the navagation problems with the game or any of the little bugs. But if ur a die hard pc guy and want a sim to me this is the best u can get still not worth 50-60 bucks tho.
,Recommended,244210,13301561,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,ted cruz 2024,better than forza lmao
76561198034824906,Not Recommended,244210,19743801,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,trancemobile,"I'll say the same exactly as in Project cars for this gameThe more I play it, the less I like it. The dynamics are way overdone beyond simulation. Without a wheel, don't bother.Without perfected throttle and steering control, theres absolutely no skid pad or room for mistakes or fun beyond simulated driving in this game. Looks great, sounds great, all the options are amazing, lot's of neat positives in this game and all the cool race trakcs as well. Decent game all around, just dosen''t have the fun handling."
,Not Recommended,244210,18453395,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,ZeroDesigner™,"i won't recommend it because its too hard to understand. In-Game UI are very messy. I bought this game while it still in beta... for way more then right now, when the game is finished. I'm sure many will agree with me, all user that buy this game on its beta stage should get all DLC from now until ever for free, because we pay more than standard game fee. Its like you pay for game with season pass.for people who is looking for a very technical game, this one is very recommended though. I can give 8/10 for all aspect but i will not recommend this to a normal person. only a hardcore enthusiast will get this game and enjoy it.for the last time, WE PAY MORE FOR THIS GAME DURING THE BETA VERSION, WE SHOULD GET MORE FROM THIS GAME FOR THE FORSEEABLE FUTURE!"
76561198003023095,Not Recommended,244210,19295992,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,mirandaturboman,"The game keeps crashing and posting the following message: ""launcher stopped working."" I've tried to fix this in many ways but still, the game crashes. Hopefully someone can guide me the right way. All the best. -H"
,Not Recommended,244210,14942986,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Soy kettlefish,worst sim 2015
76561198007454905,Not Recommended,244210,14584640,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Ixx,"Since most people here have their nose parked up the behind of these people, ill help provide some balance.I'm not a hardcore sim-gamer, but i've played racing games since the mid 90's and i'm a big fan of track racing.This game managed to really get on my nerves, and this review was written when i was still in a pretty foul mood.- Yes it's a fancy looking game, but still nothing not better looking than titles released 10ish years ago .. its not FANTASTIC in any way. I would have looked great 10 years ago, today it simply takes more ...- The sound is mediocre, cars sounds lame (are the sounds even recorded in stereo?). Again, theres nothing ""amazing"" or ""fantastic"" about it.- The gui is confusing and the configuration not very intuitive. It took me 10 minutes to find where to disable raceline and all the stupid driving aids, i mean; 100% ABS, 100% traction control and gear shift help as standard .. really??There's no feedback when selecting anything, no ""activate setting"" and ""[x] settings activated"", just click the ""go back"" button and hope it works (which it didnt). Two ""start""-buttons to start the race ... why? And two buttons almost next to eachother, that takes me to the same car properties screen ...It had my G27 (what is a ""G27 900""?) in the wheels list, so i guess thats a plus .. but once i clicked and ""activated"" it, it wasn't highlighed anymore. Confusing.- Tripple screen support is a joke (in my case, im sure others have got it working); it lets me select it but it never worked (i never got more than one screen in ""race mode""). I cant select resolutions because theres no ""drop down"" where theres supposed to be one, just a white square that does nothing. Even Farming simulator 15 have better tripple screen support.When trying to resolve it i find a link toassettocorsa.net, but to read it i HAVE TO LOG IN .. are you kidding me??By this time (1 hour later), i'm so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at the stupid company there no way im giving them anything else, they already robbed me of 45 Euros.- I tried editing the video.ini and triple_screen.ini-file in the game folder but nope.- I have 2 ASUS and 1 Dell monitor (all 27"" 1440p, GeForce GTX970), and nVidia wont let me do spanning in nVidia settings, but i've managed to get triple screen working in all other games i've tested so far.As you can clearly see, i've had a really bad experience from this game and my review will reflect that. It obviously isnt all bad or it wouldnt get 85/100 ... but i didn't pay 45Euro for a beta or early access, but thats what i got. It also feels like thats what's what most people have reviewed it as. I dont think they will mend the confusing gui, but i could get used to that. If they continue to release fixes for everything else, i might come back to this game some day and get my 45 Euros worth ..."
,Not Recommended,244210,13603133,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Richard,"The difference between lowest settings @720 and highest settings at @1440 is 10fps, specifically those that occupy the space between 40 and 50. This game does not run well, and if like most people you consider 60fps to be the minimum playable framerate then you will be very angry with this console peasant simulator."
76561198069976975,Not Recommended,244210,15922063,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Poontang Boomerang,Just another racing game that relies on pretty visuals and not on realism.  Pass if you are looking for something decent.
,Not Recommended,244210,20277866,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Roblarden,"It's ok, but it is no iRacing"
76561198030702934,Not Recommended,244210,19177434,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,ipaxton,Half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥racing simcade on rails-Terrible slip angles-cars snap on turns-Still no pitstops during races-Beta form at best-lack of varity of car classes and tracks-mods ripped off from other games GTR and rF1 and the devs let this slideIf you like hot lapping this might be the game for you. Terrible AI really makes solo racing pointless and career mode is a joke. If you want a traditional simulator look else where namely rFactor 2 or GSCE. I might also add this game is releasing in April of next year on consoles. Which in the current half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥state of the current game I would steer clear of the console port too.
,Not Recommended,244210,19270937,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Will Mazeo,Giving AC a try every 6 months since I got it in early access and it didn't improve much.But what makes me more hopeless about this game (not going to call it a sim....) is Kunos interviews. I just can't say the guy want to do a simulator whenenever he talks in any interview and this is being proved in the game...So if you are more of a casual gamer and not exactly a sim racer buy it. It will worth every cent. But as a simulator you got better choices out there so as I'm judging something that calls itself a simulator I can't recommend it.
76561198006213056,Not Recommended,244210,29427852,Posted: 22 January,all,ewandwhoelse,"I'm of the opinion that there are no good racers in the current generation. PCARS has great graphics, but daft handling, a tedious career mode and a poor car selection. Forza Horizon is just a lame concept, and unfortunately Apex is only a tiny beta on PC. Driveclub is just arcade - fun, but only an arcade game.So, to AC. It had such potential but it the end, it just feels empty. The car selection is bad and there are hardly any tracks. The career mode is pretty listless and doesn't allow you any freedom to choose a car. There are no pit stops so that throws simulation out the window. There's no car customisation. In rear-view camera the cars glide weirdly across the track as if they're on glass - but I suppose this may not worry you if you only drive 1st person. The graphics are also pretty poor to be honest, especially compared to PCARS.WORST of all though, there is STILL no controller support for the menus, so you have to use the mouse until you're actually driving - and then if you want to pause on a long race (there are some of 20+ laps!) you have to quickly reach ESc, and vice versa when you want to start up again!For these reasons I just can't recommend it in it's current iteration."
,Not Recommended,244210,35132691,Posted: 22 September,all,kazewol,"I'm sure this game is great, but if there's no clear way to enter ""VR Mode"" With your oculus or vive plugged in, then it shouldn't have a tag for virtual reality. I put almost 40 dollars to this game because i thought i could launch it, put on my headset, and start racing. I shouldn't have to look around for a bunch of tutorials for how to enable vr mode. I feel like i might as well be modding my games for vr mode if i need to go to that much trouble. It doesn't even show up in my VR steam library, even though it had the VR tag."
76561198114769216,Not Recommended,244210,14802146,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,lotw_1,"Dont bother buying this poor excuse for a racing game.  Its still real buggy, not complete and the devs are already adding DLC for an unfinished game.  That is what is destroying the gaming industry already and this is just taking it too far.Plus game, what little there is of it, is not even fun."
76561198136963334,Not Recommended,244210,15067361,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Manofwar,This game is a good one but if you are looking for a better games for FFB wheels IRacing is a better way to go because i do not feel when the tires come off the grond or can i feel the bumper strips and nurburg has a rougher roads than they depict
76561198179696546,Not Recommended,244210,17081319,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Aristarcus86,Do yourself a favor and find something else if you are looking for awesome graphics and driving experience. I played about 30 minutes and could not stand the graphics quality. I had max settings on and it looked like trash. Requested a refund already.
,Not Recommended,244210,15712583,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,ckZA,"I've played everything from the Microprose days through TOCA, GTR 1 and 2 all the way to RBR and the like.I've spent months just with data logging on GTR 2 for the perfect setups.I can not get what the fuss is about this game.  I've tried but this is just not value for money to me. Thank heavens Dirt Rally is available and in a few hours Project Cars.Sorry, but I can't recommend this."
76561197995238300,Not Recommended,244210,13893974,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,HastyVlogs,"you better have a monster computer, this game needs alot of work. i could be the next GT. wait till it is on sale!!"
76561197960700054,Not Recommended,244210,14890484,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,sturgis,"Shaun Cole was right all along, this is an arcade racing game.Don't be fooled by PR talk or fanboys, this is no SIM race title, and it never will be, think a cross between the Forza series and the Gran Turismo series, but without the fun of having many many cars and tracks...Truth be told, it is abit of a bad joke that this is branded as a ""next gen"" SIM, much like how Gran Turismo is marketed as ""The ultimate driving simulator""- engine supports only 1 light source = this game will never feature night time driving...- changeable weather? i haven't seen any in any case...- no timed racing, only option is to set x amount of laps- no rubbering in of the track- no damage model- press escape during an online race, and you end back in the pits with a new car, ready to go out (and wreck) again- tyre model? i doubt it- ridiculously small amount of input options- community- BIGGEST deal breaker: racing online, when someone finishes it sets off a timer, if you don't cross the finish within that time, your screen just goes black and are taken to the results page TAKING AWAY ANY INCENTIVE to even start a race !! what's the bloody point in driving x amount of laps on any track, if you can't finish your race because you are not in P1 ?? Or close to him?All in all, nothing in the game is geared towards beeing a racing SIM, eyecandy and stupid showrooms are the order of the day in this title, wich is fine if you are looking for that kinda of game (and don't have an Xbox to buy the much superior forza series), but not so much when you are duped into thinking this is a propper SIM.background: 10years + of SIM racing on titles as FIA GTR, Rfactor, FIA GTR2 and Rfactor2"
76561197998784005,Not Recommended,244210,16774193,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Hemoglobin,♥♥♥♥
76561197985200975,Not Recommended,244210,20332831,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,carl.hart,Thought I was buying a game on par with Iracing. This is not. Iracing is leagues in front of this. Shame.
76561198038386303,Not Recommended,244210,16460794,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,datguy.dev,"For a driving sim, I didn't like agree with anything about like this game in early access. I put it down for months hoping it would become equal to Forza but PC. Playing it now, it's basically the same thing with less bugs.There isn't enough content to keep interest. What is interesting, is DLC. Its like that ""Next car simulator"" game, it'll hold your attention for about 10 minutes.Its still an underster simulator. Most of the time your wheel is maxed out to a side, and you slide forward but don't spin out. Its a poor simulation of how a real car handles.The multiplayer server browser is such a bad and frustrating system.VERY MUCH REGRET THIS PURCHASE!"
,Not Recommended,244210,16459254,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Evan Almighty,"Firstly had difficulites getting the actual game to work. Then when I did was disappointed with the handling and graphics in the game. Haven gotten into Raceroom I found it to be a lot more fun to drive using the G27 steering wheel than this. Not just from easiness point of view, but the way the cars handle in this game dont really remind me of how my own car handles."
76561198192047214,Not Recommended,244210,17849001,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Burtbasset,i tell them why they should not bother if you like multiplayer: i was blacklisted for loosing controll of my (fictional) car and crashing into others.....i was hit in the back along the straight at Monza....French servers again.....nothing was done.....excellent game online baby's race against....
,Recommended,244210,20109988,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,nightrvn,Tandems with the mandems
,Not Recommended,244210,17446169,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,FrozenFood,unplayable. cars spin off at the first corner and some even when going in a straight line. xbox config wont let me have the triggers as brake/gas like in all other games. joke of a game. and all the good tracks and cars cost extra!DLC WARNING! BAIT AND SWITCH
76561197993730098,Recommended,244210,7632033,"Posted: 11 November, 2013",all,Johnnie Concrete,Dont buy it if you dont want to ruin 95% of your driving games/sim.
,Recommended,244210,13775880,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Cornuts,Buy a wheel. Get this game. You won't be disappointed.
,Recommended,244210,18401494,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Wayne,"Amazing racing simulator, tons of content put out by the developers who are always working on the game. Highly recommend Dream Pack 1 for the laser scanned track along with the cars that come with it. Devs are always working on this game, and recently put out a free DLC pack. I feel this game is much better than Project Cars, a game that is pretty much all microtransactions. If you like more of an arcade style racer, I suggest get project cars over this, but this game is really fun to play whenever. I often find myself putting on some of my favorite music and just driving different cars on Nordschlife for the hell of it. Often goes on sale for 50% off, but even at full price it's worth all the content you get."
76561198068811603,Not Recommended,244210,19736558,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,dawidekb,Can't start a race after update... woohooo
,Not Recommended,244210,16213459,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Gorn NR,"""Oculus Rift Early Support"" = Supports barrel view but good luck getting through the menus and actually into the car. Tried a long time ago, wrote a bad review and got hassled by a fanboy. Well, here it is nearly a year later and still no support.I bought this BECAUSE it stated it had support but clearly this is unsupported."
76561198097985615,Not Recommended,244210,19952054,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Steven,sucks
,Recommended,244210,9420881,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,ELAKPUCKO3,BUY. THIS. GAME. NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,244210,34482280,Posted: 25 August,all,TonyTunes707,Throw Forza in the trash and make the jump
,Not Recommended,244210,15909010,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Hyperspeed1313,"I love a driving game, and I love realism, but this is not a game. It's a simulator. How is it a simulator and not a game? It has a career....?Firstly, the XBOX controller support is poor. If you want an axis-based control mapped to a button (i.e. clutch), you're screwed. And vice versa (i.e. camera look). None of the menus support controller navigation and there is no optimal configuration.Secondly, there's no music library to add fun to driving in the program. No background tracks meant to improve the experience, catered for the buyers to enjoy.Thirdly, some of the stuff doesn't work. The driving lines that are meant to tell you the best way to drive for a fast time are very often wrong, and by disobeying the lines, you can shave several seconds off your time on even a small circuit.Assetto Corsa had the possibility to be what Gran Turismo and Forsa Motorsport are for consoles, but it fell short by JUST trying to be a simulator."
,Not Recommended,244210,20326963,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Squiddlez,"Could be a great game, but the modding community just isn't there. It exists, but not at a level to be satisfied with.Not only that, but the community doesn't seem to care about realistic car's at all, on many of the older car's posted to RaceDepartment, you see idiots bashing the modders of slower/older car's, saying♥♥♥♥♥♥like ""This car isn't realisitc"" ""Too slow"" and etc, because the game is corrupted by Gran Tursimo, Forza and Need for Speed, idiots."
76561198107332325,Recommended,244210,18576308,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,pitcock_90,AC  the only pc sim that dont use any of ISI game engine. I want 2nd opinion about a racing/driving simulator and AC delivered. Good job Kunos.
,Recommended,244210,31313163,Posted: 22 April,all,JDMs15,","
76561198116575038,Recommended,244210,31332370,Posted: 23 April,all,BORNEO,Spek• Proc phenom• Ram 8gb• Hdd 500gb• Psu 500w• vga 2gb 7850 SapphireAVG 60 FPS
76561197992358994,Recommended,244210,17179164,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,KrashOverRide2U,NEED SOME NEW CONTENT
76561198203332742,Recommended,244210,23056652,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,LacoW,"Epic, epic, epic in each way"
,Recommended,244210,9571706,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Caralho Alado,Excellent game! Recommend
76561198070735090,Recommended,244210,9922825,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,JesseFresh,"Great game so far. It has its fair share of glitches and bugs but considering this is a beta, im impressed."
,Not Recommended,244210,18558040,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Toshiko,"After many many many months of knowing the cause of the problem, the resolution switching bug has not been fixed, nothing has been done about full controller support for menus, and any and all fixes have been for the gameplay and not the game itself.Once you're racing, assuming you're not cursing at your screen resolution configuration being ignored, the game is fun. It's the closest I've felt to Forza on something other than an Xbox, and definitely feels better than any Gran Turismo. But why is there DLC for a game that still doesn't feel complete? Moreso, why is it shoved in your face while going through menus? ""for only $25, you could be using this car on this track!"" I'm sorry, no. If it weren't for that I bought the game well over a year ago, I'd be looking for a refund at this point, because it feels I'll never get my money's worth, especially when the game keeps asking me for more money.I really really really wanted to like this game, and the potential for me to do so is very much there, but I feel like it will always keep me at arm's length, at best."
76561198023469312,Recommended,244210,18436173,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,venax,"assetto corsa ♥♥♥♥♥ on any other simulator out there period .the only feature  where iracing > assetto corsa is the online , iracing is just too well organized ."
,Recommended,244210,18404966,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Peregrine,"Assetto Corsa is THE racing sim. Period.Forget Gran Turismo and Forza. Everything else has been a poor excuse for an attempt by comparison.This is the best anyone has done so far, by far.If you're looking for the best car sim out there, you've found it."
76561198079125217,Recommended,244210,18393798,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Gadjo X,"As of update 1.3 the game runs extremely smooth and seems to be very efficient.The devs take extreme care in making the cars look as detailed as possible. The handling is good, with a pleasant balance of control, feedback and difficulty. Most tracks are laser scanned which gives a great feeling when using a wheel controller.I don't think there is one game out there that will scratch every itch you have and I'll share some quick impressions. The current selection of tracks is behind the competition, even with the laser scanned Green Hell. AC is easier to learn than IRacing but more difficult than pCars. Which means the level of driving realism must rank accordingly. Stock Car Extreme has the better AI but is behind on graphics. I say you should try all of them if you get the chance.One thing that is not mentioned too often is AC's amazing mod support. You can find about a dozen more well made tracks and about the same number of new cars. You can drive an F1 car on a forest rally track, if you so desire. The AC forum is a great resource as well.Assetto Corsa has been growing at a steady pace and I believe they'll keep adding content and features. There is passion and commitment to quality behind everything, and you definitely have to get this if you like sim racing."
76561197974477761,Recommended,244210,18387754,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,stalehd,Highly recommended!While you are at it get both Dream Pack 1 and 2. Pure bargains compared to what you get. The Oculus Rift support isn't 100% and can be tricky to get right but once you are all set it feels just *right*.The sounds each car makes is surprisingly good and the squeaks and creaks in race cars sounds just like they should. Nordschleife is also spot on.
,Recommended,244210,13197844,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,| Geng,it goes alright
,Recommended,244210,16390663,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,NAIKO55,Pretty good i'd say.
,Recommended,244210,8134530,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,csige791,The best one
,Recommended,244210,15209005,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Adobe Photoshop CS6,It will be nice if in this game add a head movement.! It's gonna be more easy to drift with head movement!!!
,Not Recommended,244210,19836126,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,SliverSnoopDogg,"The game is very buggy and is incomplete. i was really looking forward to playing a game that would be close to forza but this is complete trash in comparsion. the cars are very limiting and now they are trying to sell little bonus packs like wtf, there is only 50 or so cars in the game and they are already making people pay for more... The AI is sh*t and how the cars act on the road is unrealistic. it makes you wonder if the devs have ever driven a car before. On top of all the sh*t the game appears to have died for me as i cannot start races. The only good part about the game is the graphicsspend your money else where"
,Recommended,244210,17878653,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,rubberducky1100,"No time to write review... Must...Get...Faster!Assetto is amazing.NOW WE NEED MATCH MAKING. SHOULDN'T HAVE TO HAVE A DOCTORATE TO START A SERVER. PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE!!!!!! I have bought all of your content, and will continue to do so. BUT online is almost DEAD, regular matchmaking would do wonders for this game, the community, and Assetto Corsa as a world class sim racer."
76561197982577039,Recommended,244210,25508091,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Lufka,Have you ever wondered about drivng an exotic car ?now you can ^^at least in a game...
76561198098134038,Recommended,244210,22024562,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,HenryMiles perhour,"I cant actually play the game when I press start it just loads then gives me the menu again, Help please! The game is great but I cant play it anymore! help!"
,Recommended,244210,21150628,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,edrocun,Well... 850 hours playing and counting.
76561198004778053,Not Recommended,244210,33243490,Posted: 4 July,all,abslaird,"wont play in vr at all , play in theater mode dosent work either,WTF"
76561197997905473,Recommended,244210,24215241,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Eye of the Tiger,Be sure to checksimracing.comfor awesome multiplayer :)
76561198131381498,Recommended,244210,23734623,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Kilimore,Great game
76561198261455677,Recommended,244210,24988358,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,jamesratcliffe123,if you are looking for only simulation with outstanding force feedback and very realistic tracks and sound then tis is the game for you
,Recommended,244210,18544984,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Luca,"The new reference point in racing simulators, to which all others will be compared in the times to come."
,Recommended,244210,17613130,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Trent,"By far the best racing simulator around.Had a lot of fun with complete strangers just racing 1 on 1 on practice servers.Works well with my Dual shock 4, Xbox 360 controller and Logitech DFGT.Don't be hatin' on Assetto. I've seen all the reviews from peeps with 0.5 hours gameplay. I think I have over 400 on this game now."
76561197963818196,Recommended,244210,23732960,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Potato Aim,vr and nordschleife.
,Recommended,244210,23022287,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Batman,NICE
,Recommended,244210,28154728,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Jugulador,"I call you when I need you, my heart's on fireYou come to me, come to me wild and wiredOh, you come to me, give me everything I needGive me a life time of promises and a world of dreamsSpeak the language of love like you know what it meansMm, and it can't be wrong, take my heart and make it strong, babeYou're simply the best, better than all the restBetter than anyone, anyone I ever metI'm stuck on your heart, I hang on every word you sayTear us apart, baby, I would rather be deadIn your heart I see the start of every night and every dayIn your eyes I get lost, I get washed awayJust as long here in your arms I could be in no better placeYou're simply the best, better than all the restBetter than anyone, anyone I ever metI'm stuck on your heart, I hang on every word you sayTear us apart, baby, I would rather be deadEach time you leave me I start losing controlYou're walking away with my heart and my soulI can feel you even when I'm aloneOh, baby, don't let goYou're the best, better than all the restBetter than anyone, anyone I ever metI'm stuck on your heartI hang on every word you sayTear us apartBaby I would rather be deadOh you're the best"
,Recommended,244210,21847155,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,ky3to,The only thing this game is good for is throwing dope tandemz
76561198342108608,Recommended,244210,31262607,Posted: 20 April,all,mike91440,i didnt have a good wheel before and got a refund. gonna get it back. looks good
,Recommended,244210,25253999,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,tttttttttttttttttttt,1000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000/10
76561197962365151,Recommended,244210,22165684,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,andylamp,I really like this game; net-code is fine (mostly) but good luck finding a good race channel to race in... not many people online and AI is♥♥♥♥♥♥ Other than that it's the best sim-game for Hotlapping I've played in quite a while.
,Recommended,244210,22167844,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,kilemal,Quality
,Recommended,244210,29421970,Posted: 22 January,all,IceBlitz,"Boring graphics and uncomplete interior.PCars is alot better in this department, but the physics are great."
76561198051065109,Recommended,244210,29528324,Posted: 27 January,all,z,sideways
76561198134771175,Recommended,244210,28176648,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,fitzy0310,like the game but cheaper or less dlc would be nice
76561198041371830,Recommended,244210,28730517,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,bwhaa,"Why I bought this game.. well my friends told me that it was a great game and that you can mod to make it even greater. So I bought it and tried it out with my newly purschased Logitech G920. I was very skeptical about the game. So I hopped into my first race (custom race so I could fix with my settings bla bla bla) and when I got in my wheel wasn't detected by the game. After some fixing and tweaking I finally got my wheel and game to work. And when I started to drive it just didn't feel right. This is probably one of the ''worser'' sim racing games that I have played. The physics just didn't feel realistic and the camera angles didn't help with the realism. So I decided to try another car but no luck there.Conclusion: If you seek a realistic sim racing game, DON'T buy this game. But if you like a little more ''arcadie'' game this is the game for YOU!I am not really fond of this game but it doesn't deserve a dislike ;) Hope all yall have greater fun in this game than what I had haha"
,Recommended,244210,28769671,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Admiral Snackbar,"One of the best simulators around. Miles more fun that pcars if you've got a wheel, however Id say if you've got a controller go for pcars. In VR, we'll oh boy it's good. Sure it could do with some streamlining as you can't play it fully in VR like something like dirt rally, however it can be allievated somewhat with using something like virtual desktop not sure but I'd assume that big screen would work too. Mods are high quality and tons of quality content. Can't wait to try out the newest porsche pack cars always feel unique and tons of detail in all of the cars. If you're into cars do yourself a favour and get this."
76561198014092596,Recommended,244210,9814492,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,FROSTY,Not a bad game good graphics physic rnt to bad but its not a sim not yet. i also have rfactor n iracing n rfactor 2 n rfactor 2 is BY FAR THE BEST OUT THERE IN PHYSICS n the game is looking better in graphics every update. i just bought this for the drifting as its easy to do so in this game but racing n want a real sim buy rfactor 2 i have raced online since early 90s nthis rf2 is the best i eva played n raced.
76561198042489379,Recommended,244210,9938777,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,versatile,"well, that was a waste of $40"
76561197977096015,Recommended,244210,12006725,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Keanu_Reeves,This game is better than kumming!!!
,Recommended,244210,7622976,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,eagleFMJ,Best racing sim ever! Simply amazing!
,Recommended,244210,24201117,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Baxter,The best simulation you can get!I recently switched from PCARS to AC and I have never looked back.Buy it on a sale and never look back.
,Recommended,244210,12059875,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,BigCannonGaming,"Assetto Corsa is a very odd handling beast imo. On console ""Forza Motorsport"" is my favorite by far HOWEVER PC doesnt have anything nearly as great as Forza.. Enter Assetto Corsa aka AC.. This company isnt supported by Microsoft nor Sony, Turn10 is. Keep this in mind while making your choice to buy or not.  AC is BY FAR the best thing us PC gamers have in reguards to Forza-ish racing and I gotta admit, they are doing a damn fine job. My only major issue is the unforgiving phisics/mechanics, I at this time am using my XONE controller connected via usb cable and while thats 10000% better than mouse/keyboard I still finds myself flying off the road due to the fact I dont have a precise wheel or anything. Maybe have a ""Laxed mode"" for drivers that need a more console-ish feel like Forza has? Anyway, the cars look beatiful as does the tracks. We need more cars and tracks though, I would LOVE to atleast see a Corvette or Camaro and maybe even a Mustang or two. AC is in Early Access at this time and I'm sure with time it will become one of the greatest Racing Sims of all time! GG wheel spin...GG"
,Recommended,244210,26262745,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,RCM™,"If you enjoy racing and crashes, this game might not be for you.But if you enjoy pure driving at it's finest, this game is a must buy.The Red Pack is a must buy addition to this game. The cars feel amazing and the game gives youlots of satisfaction when you nail a perfect lap around a track.There are millions of mods meaning you can never run out of cars and tracks to enjoy.However the damage is quite poor and the physics when racing isn't great in my opinion, but it is ok.But this game is not for the racing, it is to feel the joy and the mechanics of driving a car. It is a perfect wayto showcase the beauty of engineering without having to spend millions to do it in real life."
,Recommended,244210,13939149,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,SeanF1,I was able to deliberately crash a McLaren at full speed into a steel barrier. I survived.11/10 would hate Alonso again.
76561198135989477,Not Recommended,244210,29582416,Posted: 30 January,all,Invisible Man,"Typical example of an over-glorified simcade game that will probably be nothing but a laughing stock (like GT) in a few years when the community gets over it.It’s not bad, it’s just meh. A jack of all trades you could say.• It doesn’t have the best physics or ffb (compared to something like Automobilista) and it’s really forgiving in many ways when it comes to acceleration and overall handling, but it doesn’t go into arcade territory either.• The graphics and menus aren’t the prettiest around (especially compared to Pcars) but the overall presentation is still somewhat polished compared to most sims.• The engine sounds and sfx aren’t bad either, but the audio sounds a bit muffled, and definitely not as satisfying as R3E.• The game has a single player campaign, but it’s not as engaging as that of Pcars, and also the AI is poor.• There’s online multiplayer but there’s not much to say here either compared to the overall experience and community behind something like iRacing.• The track selection is limited compared to other sims, and although the quality is good (with laser-scanned tracks) background details like tree placement etc isn’t right.• The car selection is probably this game’s strongest point, especially if you’re more into supercars than open-wheel and stock-car racing. However most of it is paid dlc, and there’s not even a bundle.• There’s workshop mods, but again, nothing special compared to RF1/2.• And last but not least, the hotheaded Italian developers always getting in heated arguments with the community. You either love them or don’t. I personally find them rather amusing.Overall, I think AC is overrated, however it definitely has an interesting “jack of all trades” kind of niche balance that no other sim has achieved. With that being said, it’s still a “master of none”.So if you want a sim that covers everything decently, then you can’t really go wrong with AC.If you know exactly what your needs are and don’t mind playing multiple sims to get the best of exactly what you’re after, then there’s better alternatives out there."
,Not Recommended,244210,31391688,Posted: 27 April,all,Fuzz,"This game was fun while I played it however it has become impossible to play online due to the DLC packs. If a server has DLC content that you don't own, you're not allowed to join the server. This splits up the community and kills the online aspect of the game. The car list lacks interesting cars and instead is filled with Italian supercars or something European."
,Not Recommended,244210,19332665,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Ðeadlock,"Only aspect of this game that is actually good is the driving mechanics. Graphics are descent. Nothing remarkable, just ok.Everything else is laughable.The cars that come with the base game are very limited. The UI, although functional, is poorly designed and often feels unresponsive. The AI is a joke and never does it give you the feeling that you're competing  in a race. The game in general is full of rough edges. There are no pit stops, no weather effects, no night races. It feels extremely dull and empty. But the icing on the cake is the sound. That godawful sound. The engines' sounds are so flat and soulless. You can find games from the 90s that have better sounds and, to be honest, I'm not even sure if the audio is stereo. I mean, stereo should be the absolute least one would expect in 2015. I swear that not even once did I get a sense of space. Everything sounds awful. And on top of that, I experienced a cracking sound bug that took me a good two hours to fix.This game is by no means a racing simulator. A driving simulator, maybe. If you don't care about jumping in and driving alone then you might enjoy the realistic car handling. But if you want anything more than that, you're more than likely going to regret spending your money on this one."
,Not Recommended,244210,34942624,Posted: 13 September,all,DerpyDays,"I know that Assetto Corsa is a good game, and I love it for its licensed cars and tracks.Assetto Corsa is an important game in the sim racing genre for popularizing it into the mainstream in a genre dominated by two rivaling giants-Forza & Gran Turismo.Assetto Corsa is one of the first games I've ever bought with my racing wheel within the steam summer sale alongside with rFactor 2.What makes me love about Assetto Corsa is that its one of the graphically appealing sims that manage to keep up its physics with its competitors also retaining a full fletched amount of content in a package with the DLC being dirt cheap every sale.Assetto Corsa's graphical appeal is overall amazing and beautiful with the precious amount detail poured into all of the cars and tracks that make it stunning within the competition.However, I have some problems with Assetto Corsa.First off, I have a problem within brake calibration in the game as it feels like when I brake in a corner no matter what it will always either seem like the brakes are either locking or I'm not braking hard enough. I've tried the brake calibration settings but none of it feels right to me therefore I have to brake early to retain control without locking or overshooting a corner.Second off, I don't like the FFB. The FFB feels really overexaggerating at times and feels ridiculous. I've done a FFB profile to counteract this but in my opinion it feels overexaggerating at times still. Because of the FFB being somewhat overexaggerated I can't really feel my car or the track I'm driving in sometimes. I also have this weird understeer problem where when I'm racing in tracks in certain corners, I have to steer my wheel way more than it should even though I'm in a high tech race spec car designed to take corners with ease.And finally, the lack of dynamic conditions, rolling starts, etc. These are literally essential in a sim racing game like Assetto Corsa, and its sad that we don't have these features in this game. I want dynamic conditions to affect the grip and performance of my car, I want rolling starts to add some variety to starting the race. Sadly, Assetto Corsa doesn't have this.Now, I'm an rFactor 2 guy. Surprisingly, I thought I was gonna play Assetto Corsa as my go to sim racer but rFactor 2 showed some amazing features that honestly in my opinion blew Assetto Corsa out of the water.-Full Flag Rules (AC from what I can tell does not have full flag rules but contains most of it)-Advanced Tire Model-Dynamic Weather System-Rolling Starts-More Varieties Of Racing (no limits on what you can do in rFactor 2)-Advanced AI (the AI is really good)-FFB and Handling is top notch, unparalled whats out there. (You can actually feel your tires and the track from cues to your wheel.)Look, I'm not saying Assetto Corsa is a bad game because I know that it is a good game.I'm just saying that it doesn't really fit my tastes and expectations at all.Wheel Setup:Fanatec 911 GT2Fanatec CSR Elite (load cell brake)"
76561198012424644,Not Recommended,244210,14383022,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,alex.68,"Unfinished product 40% finished.If you're looking for a real sim look elsewhere, arcade at best, waste of money, -2/10"
76561198040776446,Not Recommended,244210,13822770,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Uncle Stoopnixie,"If it dosent work after 2 hours, ♥♥♥♥ it.I currently own a Logitech G27 and this game does not support it.The steering wheel works fine, but the game does not support the H-shifter, for a game that claims to be a Real Driving Simulator this is pretty lame.I tried everything to make it work and it still will not work, i know that my material isnt defective because it works on every single other racing games that i own.If you don't mind playing with a controller i guess its fine but this is not for me."
76561198040476475,Not Recommended,244210,13887461,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Smokey,"Lets just start with saying if you not own the correct sterring wheelthen you cannot play this game! Since the default button layout are made by aliens and same with the reaction for buttons, and nothing can be changed in game menu all buttons are locked = not worth a buy (not even for free you should take this)ps. Never have i felt so cheated and scammed as i did with this gamethought it would be one of my favorite games but instead i can only rate it 0.5/10(remember to read the link i have posted since this explains evrything)"
76561198092084776,Not Recommended,244210,20513772,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,phrsoft2003,"This game is overrated.Sounds are terrible, the exact same tyre screech regardless of car or speed or angle or whatever.The UI is made of 2 parts, like 2 separate programs - you set up what you want to play and then launch the race in a separate instance. This means you can't fix any settings on the second one, you keep needing to exit, reload etc.The cars look decent, but the tracks, trees, pitstop is very basic.The simulation is mostly decent, but it's very synthetic - the asphalt is perfecty smooth, tyres either grip or not, not very organic. And when you get off track the game adds the wobble many arcade games do - at least it doesn't do the complete slowdown when you touch grass.Car and track selection isn't very varied, There appears to be many dozen cars, but lost are slight variations of an other."
,Not Recommended,244210,19448054,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Codexity,♥♥♥♥
76561198142851327,Not Recommended,244210,17546225,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Supreme_Gentleman,Not nearly enough contentEdit:Jesus Christ they just keep ♥♥♥♥ing adding dlc when the base product isnt even ♥♥♥♥ing finished. Do not buy this game they will jew you to death.
76561198055883504,Not Recommended,244210,13749207,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Majoris239,"I am a big fan of racing games but this wasn't my favorite. I don't know why, but it did not feel very real for a simulator."
76561198017788623,Not Recommended,244210,22092782,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Endimios,Best driving simulator out there - 10/10Worst racing simulator I have played in the last 26 years (most frustrating AI in AI history) - 0/10
,Not Recommended,244210,16000381,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,xDaudex,Pros:Very well made driving simulatorSomewhat realistic damage to cars during raceUses real carsCons:Too difficultUnlocking cars is too easyNot enough cars
76561198122062184,Not Recommended,244210,18882815,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,tange,cant say yet if game is good or bad but it took 9 hours to download and another 12 euro worth of GB wifiiv a bran new steering wheel works fine on f1 but wont take a corner on this game cant get force feed back to work either so just a heads up if you think ur gonna jump straight in and drive you most likely are gonna spend hours just setting it up il add to this review if i ever get to ply it
76561198080777281,Not Recommended,244210,18871997,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,jason1198,£35 it looks like a beta game and now doesnt load any tracks after spending hours configuring a controller. Dont bother
,Not Recommended,244210,15793766,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,staata,"Force feedback feels feels wrong, physics are not really good."
76561198015308264,Recommended,244210,14719286,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Kiss_the_Goat,Vrom....Vroooom......VROOOOOOOM
,Recommended,244210,23079741,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,GendulfDeGrei,yes
,Recommended,244210,31273576,Posted: 21 April,all,AusTict,Best game ever xdd
,Not Recommended,244210,16230535,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,capitain96,it still sucks
76561198065479082,Not Recommended,244210,33047125,Posted: 30 June,all,LarryBirdVR,I couldnt get it to run with htc vive...even with steam vr running
76561197970658277,Not Recommended,244210,22309555,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,prc1950,"This is the singulary most obtuse starting menu I have ever had the displeasure of trying to start.Buy the time you get the game working you are out of the mood to play.Thrustmaster T500rs works VERY good everywhere else except in this frustrating piece of garbage.When you are lucky and get to play after 2 hours of  set up, the game is fantastic with very good ffb,It just isnt worth the time to get there."
76561197970372719,Not Recommended,244210,25257015,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,ZombieInfected,"As much hype as this game got, it still feels stale and dated. It's an okay game, but that's about it. A racing game without a good AI is not a good racing game. Even Gran Turismo has AI that can overtake slower cars. Even Gran Turismo 1 had that.If this review gets me banned from the official forums, then it just shovs that they can't take any critique. (It's not even harsh.)5/10 - It's okay for hotlapping. If you can get your settings right."
,Not Recommended,244210,31206694,Posted: 17 April,all,Wolf-e,"It is far from being awful, but I don't know if it's really something you'd call a game. It's more like a racing sandbox. Also it's very aggressive with assists and sets them back on whenever you load a new car/track."
76561198011745229,Not Recommended,244210,31367586,Posted: 25 April,all,picker89,I found the career mode fairly lacking.  I was disappointed there was no qualifying for those races so I  was always starting at the back.  I could also never get the controller setup in a way I enjoyed driving with.Some may enjoy this but I can't recommend it after several hours with it.
76561197987174692,Not Recommended,244210,17012071,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Nats,"Not a abd ddriving game but generally not that exciting either. I would say its 'middle of the road' lol!Good driving experience whilst on track but no pits, controller settings dont work well with my joystick (no views using my hat), once you set manual gear change the car doesnt enable you to auto gear change.Good force feedback from the road.Project cars has more tracks and cars and is a far better experience all round. And I would say rFactor2 is also a better game if you can handle the slightly lower standard of graphics beause that game is very customisable and has ultra realistic driving conditions and tyres etc.Also the career is a bit lame compared with other driving games you cant do Championships it seems only race weekends.But the glints on the tarmac are nice which is probably the only thing I could say this game does better than the others. I tehrefore dont recommend it because there are other better games out there."
76561198011984060,Not Recommended,244210,28994701,Posted: 3 January,all,man eating fruit salad,"This game has a ton of promise, but it's too barebones to be worth anything over $10. It comes with almost no cars, almost no tracks, and a TON of ads for things that you NEED TO BUY RIGHT NOW BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT!The modding community is kind of garbage too. Everything has a billion horsepower, everything is a drift car, everything is a hillclimb, maybe 1 in 25 tracks have a working minimap. The best track as of yet is the C1 loop made famous by wangan midnight and tokyo xtreme racer, but it's in the day time, and with the weak selection of cars, there's not much point.Things like that aren't really Kuno's fault, but shipping with around 10ish? cars? then releasing a TON is. If you bought this any time before V1.0, you got robbed. Don't avoid this game because it's good or bad, Avoid this game because of bad business practices. Kunos needs to learn that skalping is bad."
76561197997705668,Recommended,244210,23939397,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,tarzi,HUE HUE HUE
76561198248585154,Not Recommended,244210,20507263,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Clickbait,It askes me for a Sever password when i have played on the sever before without using a server password. PLZ help
,Not Recommended,244210,12501565,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Relentless NI,not a bad game not the best sim out there but its close enuf its good how you can add mods but i personaly think project cars will be better over all tho AC still good game i recomend it but i dont think full price is worth itid say wait for project cars to be fair.^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^was before career was put in DO NOT BUY utter rubbish the devs distroyed a good game i for one want a refund of this game dont waste your money!!!ive played allsorts or sim racers forza race 07 f1 to grid need for speed moto gp..and this assetto corsa utter bull cod please do a favour do NOT BUY IT ITS CRAP!!!!!
,Not Recommended,244210,16750198,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,hello99993,"DLC-simulator.How do these devs justify putting out two barren DLC packs when the game itself is barren of content?They've padded the car selection with lotuses that are identical to eachother.It needs more free cars, not more DLC.I really can't recommend this game unless you get the base game + the DLC (two as of writing this review) for 15 bucks."
,Recommended,244210,22328489,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,uprising Electric,Best driving sim 10/10
76561198061083316,Recommended,244210,25036590,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Sun Levi,Great game!
,Not Recommended,244210,35376957,Posted: 1 October,all,slingbot,"Big Rewards, But Very InfuriatingI've got a Logitech G25 wheel, which is very fun to use with this game. The handling and graphics are second to none. However there are so many infuriating little things that make Assetto Corsa almost unplayable:Go off the track a tiny bit whilst doing qualifying or time trial? That lap won't count, so get ready to do another 10 to get a good time.If you accidentally click the restart race button after finishing, it won't remember your previous performance.Tired of racing in a series mid-race, or mess up? It's last place for you for that race.The UI is ridiculous.It could have been one of the best racing games of all time. When you do well, you feel like you've climbed a mountain. Sadly I don't think it's worth it."
,Recommended,244210,23959252,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,snap^ m,is good
,Recommended,244210,19272770,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,MannieWHatton,Not to bad
,Recommended,244210,22171699,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,p u b l i c u l t u r e,Nice!
,Recommended,244210,23757578,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,DeckyRem93,Best Driving/Racing/Drifting Sim on the market by far.
76561198129881226,Recommended,244210,22161993,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,DAHQU98,no words to descibe this amazing game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198011602015,Recommended,244210,24310251,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,HairlessLlama,Not playable on my trackball mouse. 3/10
76561198022608858,Recommended,244210,28523771,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,amazezinger,The best.
,Recommended,244210,29547004,Posted: 28 January,all,Wouter,Amazing!
76561198133366020,Recommended,244210,18353039,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,NEVER_END,this isnt a game its real life XD
,Recommended,244210,31314606,Posted: 23 April,all,KiRiN,Good
76561198057506984,Not Recommended,244210,22495429,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,pushkin172,"May be it is a good game, if you can get Logitech G 920 wheel to work.I had to ask for refund Could not get it to work"
,Not Recommended,244210,31367342,Posted: 25 April,all,YOLO KNIGHT,"Dreadful, slow, awful interface. Prepare to spend way more time clicking options than driving. Oh, and half of the tracks and cars are DLC, so a limited selection becomes even more pointless. Not at all recommended."
,Recommended,244210,24991244,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,kulfon.16,GREAT GAME MORE CARRIER EVENTS LIKE IN PROJECT CARS
,Recommended,244210,13660771,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,PanzernKern,"To please a woman in bed, all a man has to do is a poetry course; they also have to learn that the Kama Sutra is not an Indian takeaway and that the mutual ♥♥♥♥♥♥ is not an insurance company."
76561198117010559,Not Recommended,244210,25906872,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Error040,"I bought it for VR as a replacement for Pcars... ohhh boy, worst decision in a long time.It's unplayable in VR, especially if you have a racing wheel. Simply because all the menues aren't visualized in VR. Not even badly... you have to take off the headset, select something, put the headset on again, take it off, navigate the menue, and so on...And the developer seems to refuse to patch this simple thing, but rathers push more car DLC's out. Unbelievable, half a year is gone and still nothing..."
76561198030570438,Not Recommended,244210,13800875,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,ringod123,"Great if your happy battling against useless AI or hotlapping, online is a joke!More sim than most but still quite aracdey, cars can be saved too easily and have far too much grip.Looks nice."
,Not Recommended,244210,32728855,Posted: 24 June,all,Squishy,"Brilliant game crippled by menus. Cannot control menus with wheel buttons.As all the other reviews point out, the physics and wheel feel of this game are superb. Graphically it's not quite on par with Project Cars, but it looks good enough and more importantly all the properlly experienced sim racers agree the physics in this are a step up. However I simply can't play it because of the cripplingly bad menu design. I can live with the bad layout, but the complete lack of support for navigating the menus with buttons on my wheel frustrated me to the point of requesting a refund after not long playing. You can't even pause the game from your wheel.If you've got a setup where you can live with this, by all means buy and enjoy this game. But for me this completely ruins the experience. I see people suggest buying a wireless keyboard/trackpad just to navigate this game, that's ridiculous to me. I bought a wheel which includes navigation buttons that this game simply ignores, I'm not going to buy more peripherals I have no other use for simply to compensate for this games poor design."
76561198052079231,Not Recommended,244210,31671725,Posted: 10 May,all,KLA|Verhomato,"I have very mixed feelings with this game.First the good feelings. There are some fun cars in the game and the game is rather fun to drive. Of course there could be a lot more cars and especially more tracks included in the game itself. Too many are to be bought from DLC's.But what I don't like is the menus and the usability of the game. It's a shame how hard things can be made. Also filtering servers or cars and such things are made very very painful. For example if I choose a car and would like to choose approximately same level cars for the AI drivers, it's very hard to do so. The AI-drivers are quite realistic but they don't make mistakes that ends up getting out of the track or lose control of the car which I sometimes do. This means that to my level it's hard to set right difficulty setting for AI drivers.The most annoying thing is hosting a game. I don't know if I should be IT engineer or what to be able to host a game. I have tried all port forwarding etc. with the dedicated server but no. There just should be A BUTTON TO HOST A GAME from the game itself, not to run a dedicated server program. And it should work easily without any port forwarding, PLEASE!!! It would be nice that I could EASILY host a game to play with some friends for fun."
76561198035810996,Not Recommended,244210,23566045,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,got nuts,This game seems to be always broken in some little annoying way. There is no polish and doesn’t feel like a complete product despite always needing to download updates.
76561198099641101,Recommended,244210,13570990,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,D. Vos,.
76561198078050731,Not Recommended,244210,20584767,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,b0n3y4rd,"Oh dear.....Looked forward to this for a year, finally got it.... oh dear.Maybe ive ben spoilt with R3E's sound and transmission/ engine/ tire model..... but Assetto Corsa has none of these.The sound is terrible, cockpit and chase cam use the same sound???? There is no excitement changing through the gears like you get in R3E.Again the sound plain sucks.I will note however, it is VERY WELL optimised, Im running it on a laptop in medium settings and it looks very very pretty..... sad thats all you get with this, lots of eye candy.Drifting is good, i think they got the physics spot on there, but if you want to drive actual racing cars the physics are terrible. Gear changes are boring, there is no feeling of mechanical parts working together what so ever, i honestly get more excitement playing TOCA2 Touring cars on a PSX emulator than i did from this.....Such a shame really looked forward to itSummary.sound suckstires dont feel like there are on tarmaclovely visualsvery good for road spec cars and good for messing around in themvery very bad for stripped out racersIf you want real racing in real racing cars then R3E (RaceRoom Racing Experience) has this beat in every way by miles!5/10"
,Not Recommended,244210,16461628,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Giggles,Don't get it. It's still buggy and isn't worth purchasing right now!
76561198024183818,Not Recommended,244210,24466147,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,sjwilson3821,the physics for this game with modern wheels is bad compared to other games out there. If you have a g27 its ok but newer wheels are not supported well. FFB feel really bad even after using LUX
76561197981472975,Not Recommended,244210,21259886,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,TamiyaCowboy,"IMPOSSIBLE to drive a car. looks great cars handle like a bag of potatos - forcefeedback more like a forced slap in the face. i played forza GT6 and the likes and very much enjoyed them, downloaded AC and have just struggled to even control the cars using a logitech driving force pro, you expect grip from a race car you do not get that you just get a racing drift car.£30 + £7 for the dlc pack 1 and what a letdown , i have more fun playing eurotruck sim and american truck sim at the very least feedback is not trying to rip your arms off. the haters will hate but speak to the wall becasue this hand aint listening.career mode is impossible , the AI is way to strong even when dialed down to 80% ( yes thats it no lower) and even then one tiny mistake and your out , some of us are not pro drivers ( i do not own a real car or licence but i can drive) and to be honnest it does not feel like driving a car more like trying to wrestle a 15ft  350lb salt water crocodile."
,Not Recommended,244210,15882633,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,BlackMamba24,Game doesn't work and still should be in early access. waste of $55 ...
76561198081712750,Not Recommended,244210,13696358,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,utahboy3502,Worst game ever. It gives me freeze screen whenever i move mouse 1nm.
,Not Recommended,244210,31211443,Posted: 17 April,all,HalfGay,"WARNING!!! WARNING!!! WARNING!!!(DOESN'T WORK WITH G290 W/6ss and CLUTCH) (GREAT GAME BESIDES THAT!)buy at your own risk people with g290'sIf you have the set-up that's compatible with the game then buy it! Great game!  Mods! Everything! Best Sim!(not compatible or something is wrong with my G290. That's why I dislike.)I could not get this game to work with my LG290  LG/6ss , paddle speed shifters and  Clutch? Doesnt even recognizne my Handbrake That I made.The 4 hours put in to the game is me trying to configure my steering wheel and 6ss in the config menu??????Furtherst I got was to a couple of laps in 2nd-4th gear in a Nissan GTR for a bit, but with paddle then it wont shift. only worked once.I have everything up to date?Even did the config setup for wheels, shifters, and pedals. NothingLooks like the best sim game out there and i was looking forward to the Rally mods.I was really hyped to play this game and I wanted it so bad that i built a sim rig and bought a G290 /w Shifter.My heart was pumping to start racing and go crazy.One day.Wish i could get my money back since the game is not comaptible with my setup? Or i can keep trying... ehhh eithers fine. I don't even mind having it in my collection for future set ups just in case."
,Not Recommended,244210,31288019,Posted: 21 April,all,Spartan5280,"The controls are horrible, the menus are not intuitive, and the game looks like crap on ultra settings. Dont waste your money on this pos. Ther are many other games that are way better like project cars or dirt rally."
,Not Recommended,244210,28713252,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,GeneralVI,"Doesn't work on my system. Requesting a refund as I am already at 53 minutes of play time all from troubleshooting. I can't get any type of race session to load. I am just taken back to the race settings menu. I clearly don't have enough time to mess with the settings and I don't care to. The game should just work really. But it doesn't and I want a refund, because I straight up don't have the time to fix your product. On top of that, this problem is a common problem. Alot of people seem to be getting it. So be warned. This is what you could be getting yourself into. You can't have anymore than 2hrs playtime to request a refund.Looks like a good game though."
76561198136182013,Not Recommended,244210,16556520,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Subaru[STI],ai just recentley bought Assetto corsa and its giving me this launch error anyone know how to help me thanks!
76561198085307260,Not Recommended,244210,20563657,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,SausageFingers,"♥♥♥♥♥♥ UI, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ in game redirects to pull money out of you, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ career, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ car.Game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥."
,Not Recommended,244210,31302836,Posted: 22 April,all,SCRUB,i didnt even get to ♥♥♥♥ing play. i got into the settings and everytime i change something or just click around in the settings trying to do something it just kept saying the game is not responding. I spent almost 20 minutes just trying to set up my steering wheel. Defo refunding my game!
,Not Recommended,244210,14408556,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Moloki,"bad game for beginers, un-said but you need to be amazing at racing to get far and it helps to have a $100+ race controler too.   if you don't have these then geting lucky is how you get far game is still to hard in my opion, in career there is no clear ""start""  i still just guess when it really starts. once you mess up once there is no way to catch up so one bad turn and its time to reset the race."
76561197993900153,Not Recommended,244210,15042793,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,USA BIG BAD DOG CATCH IF U CAN,Cars dont handle good like in grid or Toca race driver 3 they have the cars driving like ♥♥♥♥ do not buy this game they need to fix it like Toca race driver 3 where u can pick slim or pro slim driving.
76561198167560531,Not Recommended,244210,31329303,Posted: 23 April,all,platonik_2002,"Unfortunately, I can´t set up my G27 for ""normally"" playing this game.And with the keyboard, I can´t figure out how I get the reverse gear.But I must admit that graphics are OK, and it makes the deal with so many cars by default.The sounds are a bit syntetic.7/10  (If only I could play this game with the wheel or keyboard, it would be 9/10)"
,Not Recommended,244210,15927819,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Memin Meme bupp succ meme cup,"-cars feel like trucks to drive-constantly under steering-car doesn't know when to stop steering-changing steering options doesn't help because then the car becomes even worse going round corners.-impossible to control any skidding/drifting.-most cars struggle to get out of 1st gear when going up  a hill.-annoying external camera, shifting alongside the car when turning a corner.-1st person view not bad but the steering wheel is annoying because its impossible to adjust the steering sensitivity so the steering is actually good.-no reverse gears.absolute disgrace of a driving game. ToCa Racedriver 3 is a better racing game than this.Never trusting the Steam Community reviews again.update to my review:Controlls are still♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ camera angle getting used to, but still the dynamics are not ideal.The problems with the controls are simple, but difficult to get rid of, you either steer too fast into the corner and steer too slow out of it, or you steer too slow into it, and too fast out of it.Ideally, id like to stear slow enough so im not understeering, but change my exit steering speed by pushing the joystick on the controller in the opposite direction.ie: controlls are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,244210,20729350,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,TSC Aleksandrov,"Wow. This game feels like it's only 30% finished. AVOID. If you want a good racing game, get Project CARS.The menus and UI don't even have controller support..."
76561198032733660,Not Recommended,244210,23849731,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Hingle McCringleberry,"Purchased this at the Summer Sale after months of anticipation...  Fired it up and come to realize that the menus require mouse input to be usable, there is no workaround to use a controller or the D pad of a wheel like the G27 to control the menus.I have a cockpit with my wheel and pedals mounted and it doesn't feature a mouse.  My desk is several feet from where my rig is so this means getting up every time the menu needs input.I cannot comment on the actual gameplay which I'm sure is as excellent as I've read it is but not being able to sit in my rig and start a race makes the game unplayable, be mindful of this if you're thinking of purchasing..."
76561198045140365,Not Recommended,244210,20833514,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,K4T,Not only is this game not modding friendly it also limits the different ways you can set up a car.For most cars the tuning options are non existent. Changing gear ratios to suit the track? Forget about it. Different tyre compounds? Who needs it? More horsepower for the ring? Are you crazy?! /sThis is weird because there is a save slot available for every track and car in the game. This also means u default to the standard setup every time you change track or car (this includes the POV setting).I can't recommend this game because having arcade levels of tuning in a simulation game is unacceptable.
76561198199159411,Not Recommended,244210,31295975,Posted: 22 April,all,stakker17,"Can't start the game, none of the publicly available guides help me fix the issues, forum rejected my application for an account. If you have permission issues like these and find a way to fix them, please post them public and save others from my destiny. Steam says even that I've played the game for 55mins. except that I haven't seen a glimpse of the game in action.Errors I got:1st message:""Error setting up user foldersAccess to the path 'C:\Users\<MyUserName>\Documents\Assetto Corsa\' is denied""2nd message:""Access to the path 'C:\Users\<MyUserName>\Documents\Assetto Corsa\\cfg' is denied.""I would loved to play this game, but can't. Thus the only option is to refund. Seems I have to get a PS3 and Gran Turismo 5&6 to play a proper racing game again."
76561198155095508,Recommended,244210,25053265,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,iOne,Amazing Graphics !
76561198070413217,Not Recommended,244210,18229622,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Neat 1.3,This game is not Forza. I was lied to. L
76561197969360282,Not Recommended,244210,22485130,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,cosmicvisitor,"Very nice racing sim, runs out of steam quickly though."
,Recommended,244210,15567215,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Johnny,"The best car racing game so far i have every played. Great graphics, physics, handling, sounds. The only problem is the mod support, many mod does not working due to the new patches."
,Recommended,244210,22181124,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,bocieque,Best simgame on the market. The best driving model. Many great racing and road cars.
,Recommended,244210,18391472,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,imbamakaber,"The very best driving sim. Add some mods and you will be driving around in a Formula 1 car from 2009 with excellent force feedback, the sound we miss and a new earned respect for what those real life race drivers actually are capable of. The guys behind Assetto Corsa also just upgraded their physics engine again!It is nothing like other ""fake sims"" (eg. Project CARS)"
11262112621126211,Not Recommended,244210,33252751,Posted: 4 July,all,JeefCake,i crashed an f1 car at 300kph into a wallit was dissapointing
,Recommended,244210,22035427,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Mithras,"MARK WEBBER, I AM COMING FOR YOU!"
,Not Recommended,244210,31347098,Posted: 24 April,all,zc0tt777,"No gamepad support infact I can't get a keyboard to work in any race either. Useless game, no support, I wish I could return it."
76561198218566817,Recommended,244210,31327106,Posted: 23 April,all,✪ Potit 111,it god
76561198091248038,Not Recommended,244210,30179130,Posted: 25 February,all,Max Power,"2nd time i purchased, want a refund... again.how does this game get goo reviews? waste of time in menus, cant calibrate wheel properly, confusing as i wasted 45minutes on game setup to get 5 mins of track time.this game is terrible, not sure how people give it a positive reveiw, its like an atari game. its not a sim game, not even close. can't even setup my wheel correctly. 900, 180 even 90 degrees dont work the whell turns 3x when im at 90 degrees. graphics are junk, the trees off to the side look like atari 2d. cars and track look like a ps1 game.i've played lots of racing games that all i play, project cars is way better and has more car setup options. its more sim than this junk. yes force feedback needs to be setup in project cars but atleaqst you can set it up.VR- terrible, you need to reset your rift every time you load into a track, warning page again and again for setup. menus are hard to read, handeling is worse than arcade.just terrible. dont waste your money."
76561198131192075,Recommended,244210,9711750,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,RadioHead,it dosent work
,Recommended,244210,28424433,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Burky,Playing this game with m g27.its awesome you can download so many mods that will keep you busy for hours and hours :P
,Not Recommended,244210,29100296,Posted: 7 January,all,My Life is already END,"i just buy this like 2 hour ago after i start gamei try to understand how to play, i find a car that i want to play iwant to drive mazda rx-5/rx-7 so i have to buy dlc for thatit ok i buy japan pack i got mazdaBUT WHAT I DONT KNOW IS I CANT DO ANYTHING ON THIS CAR - NO CUSTOMAND WHEN I FIND A SERVER THERE ARE NO SERVER THAT ALLOW ME TO DRIVE MAZDAVERY SHAME MONEY IS NOT PROBLEM FOR MEBUT IM SAD . I HAVE TO BUY DLC FOR A CAR THAT I CANT DO ANYTHING AND I CANT EVEN PLAY A CAR I BUY DLC FOR IT37 MIN OF PLAYTIME I REQUEST A REFUNDTHIS GAME IS VERY BAD AND THIER DEVELOPMENT SHOULD HAVE SOME SHAMEALL I SEE A REVIEW ON YOUTUBE IS LIETHIS GAME IS LIEI WANT MY MONEY BACK THIS IS NOT A GOOD GAME FOR ME"
76561198062466235,Not Recommended,244210,32022090,Posted: 28 May,all,K-POP Power,"Most of the cars are locked behind paywall. The original roster is really small, everything else is behind DLC wall. Even some maps are DLC only, too. I don't think that the base game is worth the 30 euros, so I can't recommend it. Instantly refunded."
76561198078022970,Not Recommended,244210,17317684,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,ZeroFun o7o7o7,"I listened to the community, saying ""It has realistic physics"" And ""The physics are so great""..  So is that why grass behaves like ice? Why cars bounce uncontrollably when only hitting minor bumps? Why your car stops instantly when you grind a barrier? Why your car goes skidding for miles when you get bumped by someone else?You can either listen to the troll community and buy this crap, or use £35 to buy project cars.-Graphics are sh*t-Barely any content-Overpriced DLC which should have been in the game already-Laughable physicsBut what can you expect from an indi game eh"
76561198285612769,Not Recommended,244210,31288234,Posted: 21 April,all,2B,"Asseto Corsa forced me to ask for a refund today due to the simple fact, the mulipayer is unfair. If you buy this game expecting to be able to play the mulitplayer without having to buy any of the DLC`s don`t, the only way you`ll be able to play online is if you have the ""car packs"" otherwise it will lock you out. Also a good amount of the servers were about 150+ ping which isn`t a big deal to me compared to the massive requirement of extra paid content. If i were to reccomend this game it would be for just single player because i do like the way the game handles but the online play just forced me to give up on it."
,Not Recommended,244210,31334430,Posted: 23 April,all,Spooky Sterly,Get Project Cars its better well at least as better as it can get like actually weather and better DLC model an actual quick MP setup for friends wanting to play by themseleves.
,Not Recommended,244210,28222532,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Don Vincenzoo 57,No HTC vive support ....... prefer money over anything else ......so you have low content with teh game and need to pay tons of DLC to add few content .....ban without good reason people and post on the forum (not me). ..and this is the racing game with the worst sound design i ever try !!!!!!!RRRE for example have a good sound designrun away
,Not Recommended,244210,31338031,Posted: 24 April,all,RoboBitch,"The most disgusting menu EVER, like the server configurator too.In a distant distant galaxy, many many years ago (2005), the creators of the Factor thought of making a headmotion (and oh god it works perfectly!), but the Italian geniuses from KUNOS can not come to this brilliant decision. Yes, the physics is excellent, the graphics are more or less pleasant, I was ready to put up with this terrible menu, the lack of weather conditions and time of day, but it's time and Assetto Corsa begins to annoy, with no joke. You are great fellows in terms of physics, but everything else in this game is simply unforgivable."
,Not Recommended,244210,31307519,Posted: 22 April,all,Magischer Dünnschiss,"So first up, the game is realistic and evrything works verry good but there are some negatives points.I´ll just do a pro and contra list :DPro:+a really high realism factor and verry good graphics+runs good, you dont have to have a beast pc+the included cars are cool and are really like the real ones+support for controllers+different driveassits, for beginner, pros etc.Contra:-the difficulty is way too high, beginners have no chance against the ai-the cars that are included are cool, but there way too many dlc´s-controllers (racingwheels) are supporter, but the configuration is hard-the price for the game is...meh, now it´s in sale but i think that 30€ are a little much-playing with a keyboard is a**s, you can´t steer ""softly"", there´s only left or right XdAll in all I don´t really like the game, like I said it´s way too hard against the Ai and playing with the keyboard is a**s, you are basically forced to buy a racingwheel. But for people that have one and can play with it, this game would be perfect for them."
76561198166529613,Not Recommended,244210,15990967,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Rincoglionello,Buggy game. Actually very bad!
76561198015142216,Not Recommended,244210,31340668,Posted: 24 April,all,✪ G3rs3l,Worst racing game ever - seems developers has no idea how cars work.. understearing like crazy @ 30 Km/h??
76561198110564677,Not Recommended,244210,15601931,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Praise Lord Gaben,"Would buy again 9.1/10 Best game of the yearPSYCHEBought this game in Early Access. I thought I would wait until they added better cars, since thier variety was really limited. Waited, then DLC came out with cars that should be in the normal full version. This is not acceptable. I rarely spend 50$ on a game, and I saw that this game has potential.  Also, graphics don't really push my system and are not the greatest. Also, my fps gets capped at 30fps when I turn at corners, causing lag and stutters. With all this aside, I truly believe this is one of the best simulators out there.Conclusion:Wish the car choices were better at start, because no one likes DLC, and fps related issues were fixed.Would play this game more if there was more then 3 cars I liked."
76561198124543322,Not Recommended,244210,16864901,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,GoatMaaan,Feels like an ice skating simulator if you try using an Xbox 360 controller.DLC for a game that felt like Early Access is lame too.
,Not Recommended,244210,20913701,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,sawier‾‾,This game is just fail. Physics is nice but lack of cars and tracks makes it boring very fast.Wish I bought project CARS instead...
,Not Recommended,244210,22258698,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,KakerMix,"The developers have stated directly that they aren't interested in VR for Assetto Corsa, and that was the whole reason I bought this game.They can do whatever they wish of course, but I can not reccomend this game if they are going to ignore the die-hard sim people, especially for something as excellent as VR."
,Not Recommended,244210,20999819,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Ouroboros,"I dunno if im playing a different game to everyone else but this is awful, bad physics, terrible ai, graphics that wouldnt look out of place on a ps2, barely any cars or tracks, most mods dont even work properly, terrible sound effects, complicated menus,glitches galore and its extreamly boring i was expecting much more with such good reviews."
76561198338850139,Not Recommended,244210,29930526,Posted: 14 February,all,m15010118763,我为什么下载之后玩不了？why i can not play after buy
,Not Recommended,244210,34419603,Posted: 22 August,all,Ruddi,"So, why do I not like this game?Well, coming from Project CARS having heard a lot of good things about the game, I decided to buy it as it went on sale in August. I even bought all the DLC because of some the cars, like the Porsches and Ferraris, were something I missed in Project CARS, plus some of the tracks like Old Monza. So I plugged in my G27, set up the settings, selected a car and track and then drive. At first, I was frustrated about the gearbox being automatic, the clutch not working and my H-Shifter not working. Fine, I thought. It's just some settings. So I went in the settings and couldn't find anything about automatic gears and such. So I found out eventually, got into another practice session, and drove away.First of all, I know graphics might not be important to you when playing racing games, but going from Project CARS, man there was a difference. Even though I had all the graphics settings turned up, there was a notable difference, it was a lot blockier and mushier. I also found the sound a lot less rewarding than Project CARS's for some reason. Plus the HUD looked really ugly in my opinion. So after some time playing around with the settings, playing a few races, I just gave up and decided to refund it. Again, coming from Project CARS, I was looking forward to playing this game a lot. The cars, the tracks and of cause the mods. But I was really disappointed. It was not nearly as rewarding for me as Project CARS.This might just have been because I was spoiled from the pretty graphics and slick UIs in Project CARS, but if I was spoiled from that game, then that must have meant that it was better in some way.So in the end, I'd recommend Project CARS over Assetto Corsa if you just want to get into it and drive, have prettier graphics, nicer UI and all that stuff. If you want Assetto Corsa then do it for the mods, the cars and the tracks.And please remember, this is just my opinion, go ahead and buy Assetto Corsa if you want to. I don't really care, I just wanted to give my experience with the game compared to what I was expecting. And sorry if you think I'm some kind of Project CARS fanboy because I use that comparison. I'm just saying that Project CARS is probably the closest game the Assetto Corsa at the moment and their main competitor, so that's why I'm using that comparison. And yes, I know that there are a lot of flaws in Project CARS, I'm just giving my opinion.So TL;DR:Project CARS over Assetto Corsa if you just want to get into it and drive, have prettier graphics, nicer UI and all that stuff. If you want Assetto Corsa then do it for the mods, the cars and the tracks.(Sorry for the paragraph, didn't realise I wrote so much.)"
76561197972422068,Not Recommended,244210,15736804,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Maximumidiot,"Dissapointing handling, could do better."
,Not Recommended,244210,15934168,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Sanny,"Looks and plays nothing like advertised. Textures are bad, AA non-existent, sound quality poor, and the UI is a mess. The fact that the game relies on filters to make the game look pretty is shocking. This should of stayed in Early Access where it belongs.Played on an i7 4770k @3.5Ghz with a GTX 780.I'm happy that Steam have refunded me full credit. You have been warned!"
76561198171023941,Not Recommended,244210,19093383,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,dennismorgan82,Does not play in windows 10. Wasted my money
76561198165514461,Not Recommended,244210,21525047,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,metallicblast,cant use my wheel
,Not Recommended,244210,31331373,Posted: 23 April,all,The Coolest Doge | CSOFFER.ME,"It was great the first 2 races I played, then decided to return me to the menu when I launched another. Nothing worked when trying to fix this issue so refund was my only option."
76561198012414707,Not Recommended,244210,21052853,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Kane,"When I first experiense this, It was an Early acces.1 Month later it was call a full game and you have to pay for every update. EVERY. UPDATE.Yes it is F*******g good and realistic.Am I going to continu supporting this fashion of ''let call this game done and charge for every content we originaly plan to put in'' ? Absolutly Not."
76561198007245686,Not Recommended,244210,22288302,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Frankbrodie,"It's not a casual racer.So if that's your bag, I couldn't recommend this game to you.On a brand spanking new machine made by the lord of PC gaming himself, this game looks FANTASTIC.And if you like driving around doing time trials or just watching the world go by, it is excellent.But if you're anything other than a hardcore sim racer, you're going to have a real hard time with the career mode.It starts off stupidly hard. And by about half-way through, even with settings set as easy as they go (which isn't far btw) you will struggle to keep up with the last placed car by the end of the 1st lap of any race.+ Looks fantastic. Buy it to impress your friends and family with that new PC of yours.- Not so much a game, as a visual display of racing."
,Not Recommended,244210,15908942,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Guy Fieri,Cancer of the♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,244210,29912161,Posted: 13 February,all,Darkskythe,"As a driving 'simulator' it is rather poor. Way better 'simulators' out there for a lot less money. Now, if they changed the cars into hovercrafts it would be a fantastic hovercraft simulator. Yes it looks pretty, yes it has a lot of nice car licenses and decent laser scanned tracks but thats where the good ends.Apparently from what i have read the developer seems to take feedback rather poorly as well and decides to insult the people who have lined their pockets and spent time playing and enjoying the game. Way to go."
76561198106852518,Not Recommended,244210,23477227,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,khoods2574,can i get my money back
76561197970466389,Not Recommended,244210,30134829,Posted: 23 February,all,Major_Jackazz,"I thought this game was alright, but then I played project cars and realized how ♥♥♥♥♥♥ it is, its pretty i give it that, but the handling sucks, why does my car swerve side to side on a straight away at the slightest touch of the wheel, this game has the worst control setup EVER, setting things up is an annoyance trail and error to get♥♥♥♥♥♥right, Project cars it just works, very minimal keybinding.regret buying the DLC for this game, plus side is Im going to save 30 gigs by uninstalling.Get Project cars instead."
,Not Recommended,244210,10947277,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Razmataz,"Don't buy this game if you don't have a FFB steering wheel that can rotate 900 degrees! I have 245 maximum rotation and the game insists that I map it all to 900. Therefore the steering is way too sensitive and I use only about 10% rotation on a typical track lap. The FFB is also messed up because of this (very strong and highly unrealistic). There is a setting that can improve sensitivity in the middle area and another that change this based on the car speed, but using these create an extremely artificial feel. I own Race07 + all mods, rFactor 1 and played some iRacing and RaceRoom. For playing with my Thrustmaster F430 this is the worst racing simulation so far."
,Not Recommended,244210,20581032,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Cen7raL,DLC Simulator 2016
76561198159232263,Not Recommended,244210,18440753,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,xiaxix,"This game is so Bad,cant belive i payed for this crap."
,Not Recommended,244210,25196639,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,GraveUypo,"this♥♥♥♥♥♥feels like it's still in ♥♥♥♥ing beta.hosting a multiplayer game takes an external DOS executable and configurations to be made via editing a cfg file. what is this, 1993?it's also barren. not a lot of content. not to mention fugly as hell, but that's a minor complaint.anyway, get automobilista instead. if stock car extreme is anything to go by, it's probably a better buy."
,Not Recommended,244210,29664722,Posted: 3 February,all,FRAPPATTACK,"A half finished and overated game.It sucks that they make you pay extra for cars and tracks that should be included for the main game price. Of course there is a lot of mod support adding cars and tracks, but a lot of that should have been in the game to begin with.Not worth full price, but if it's on sale and you don't mind the lack of cars then buy it."
,Not Recommended,244210,13773996,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,[NFFA] Lazarix,"Sorry guys, but from the looks of all the reviews that I've seen of the game, and after playing it myself, they don't match up at all.I felt strongly enough about this game to post a review, which I practically never do.This is not Gran Turismo. This is more like Live for Speed, and an unfinished one at that.Car sounds (The Fiat 500 Abarth that I tried) are tinnyXbox 360 controller steering is cartoonish at best (very digital. Turn right, it's immediate right, no give, no play on the steering rack, just immediate right.)No menu musicNo atmosphereThe main game switches from an almost website-like feeling menu system where you go through the career and choose your track / objective etc, and does a distinct directx window switch into ""the game"", which is even a seperate executable (acs.exe). No game does this any more; and if they do, they hide it with menu music or similar.The AI are unrealistically impossible. They make no mistakes, they follow the perfect line at the perfect speed and it's impossible to catch them if you make a single mistake.There is no track directional audio, no pit-side audio telling you where everyone else is on the track, how well or bad you're doing.No mid-lap time notifications to tell you how far behind or ahead you are compared to the next car.Am I asking for a lot? Yes.Is it unreasonable? No."
,Not Recommended,244210,13483738,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,| roguetrdr,"I came back to this game after putting it down for a while when it was on early access. Picked it back up again after they added carer mode, then put it back down again due to the over the top dificulty level. I have completed precicely one time attack, that's it. You have to be a god dam pro racing driver to be able to complete anything on this game."
,Not Recommended,244210,13446875,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Hardwick,A less than desirable rate of release on updates compared to what was expected and comapared to current market competitiors.Also the updates you have change menial stuff to do with the single player or adding more cars so the multiplayer functionality is still hideously limited. Also the fact AC is on steam means when MP does work long enough to complete a race you get smashed off in turn one by some moron keyboard jockey.AC looks pretty and runs well. The cars feel off and the tracks are laser scanned in the very loosest sense of the word.If you want a serious sim to race in go to iRacing or rFactor 2. If you just want to muck around with some morons on a (just about) working multiplayer then get AC... but on offer because £30 for what you get now is laughable.
,Not Recommended,244210,13506977,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Mckladd,"i was not very impressed.. its no good unless you#ve go a steering wheel. and there are way too few cars and tracks.also i tried some custom key binding and saved it so, but it did not function properly.but the graphics and style of the game was cool and an interessting idea."
,Not Recommended,244210,33432380,Posted: 10 July,all,dmayan,"Nice graphics. Worst physics ever. Grip modeling is ♥♥♥♥♥♥ as best, with the rear end feeling like soap even on low powered cars. Tried it with G29. Msg for the devs ""If you lift the throttle, is pretty common to the rear end to regain grip"" Oh, also AI is useless.Edit: Oh 2, If you go outside the track, your are NOT GAINING TIME, so the ""CUT"" notifications are not useful.Sorry for bad english"
76561198000485037,Not Recommended,244210,17370507,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,[ATGC] Samsquanch,"Career mode seemed to be incredibly limited. No feeling of accomplishment or advancement at all. Dated graphics looked more akin to a late PS2 title than a recent PC title. AI was terrible. Vehicle physics felt like every other recent racing title.Overall this game does not feel anywhere close to being finished, let alone justifying DLC already."
76561198078479376,Recommended,244210,13189887,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Talkie Toaster,Help me.
,Not Recommended,244210,33397617,Posted: 9 July,all,fireworksheavens,"I tried this game out, and I was extremely disappointed in the computer opponent AI (Career Mode).I've played Gran Turismo 3 & 4, and Total Immersion Racing, so when it comes to racing against the AI in a career, I do know what I'm talking about.The AI in Assetto Corsa drives flawlessly, even if you reduce its difficulty down to 80%. The AI cars follow a perfect line and hit the apex every time, and for the very first ""Novice (N1)"" race, against the AI (not the time attack), after about a dozen or so attempts, it was IMPOSSIBLE to gain more than one or two positions during the race. In the main menu, I even adjusted the primary difficulty setting to ""Gamer"", to see if giving myself an unfair handicap would help me win. It didn't.Now, I don't know if I downloaded and tried this game out at the wrong time when an update patch bugged it, but for a beginner race, I should have no problem getting to the front of the pack after 2 laps.Valve has already approved and issued me a refund, so this is one game that I'll gladly put behind me and never pick up again.Cons: Bugged AI, ""Novice"" races should be reclassed as ""Pro"" races.Pros: Looks pretty, Accurate Real-World Courses"
,Not Recommended,244210,17183995,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,A5lipperyGyp5y,"Nice sounds and nice graphics, if you like cars because of the looks or sound..Great this game is for you. If u want a great all-rounded racing game, look else where, in short; This is a Dad game."
76561198027223497,Not Recommended,244210,11464338,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,DORSAL_FIN,"Assetto Corsa is a great driving simulator. It sports beautiful graphics and scenery, astounding vehicle sound effects, and driving physics that will knock your socks off. Besides the in-game beauty, the menu is confusing and hard to navigate, the game often crashes while restarting or exiting an event, and the controller mapping options are an absolute joke. After setting up my keyboard as I liked it, the new mapping didn't work at all in-game, the same for my xbox controller. To all prospective buyers, ASSETTO CORSA IS A SIMULATOR!!! Not an easy sit around and have fun kind of racing game. When I made my purchase, I was looking for a game to pass time during the day, play a race every now and then. Assetto Corsa is not that kind of game, it requires a full investment of your time and attention. Also, Do Not even bother purchasing if you do not already own, or plan to purchase a good racing wheel that is compatible with your system. The keyboard and xbox controls are glitchy and painful to use. All in all, Assetto Corsa was not what I was looking for in a racing game, that does not mean it won't be what you are looking for. I would have been much more happy if I had purchased a EA Need For Speed title or Dirt 2/3."
76561198013744831,Not Recommended,244210,15759909,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Fox560,"Should have done a bit more research into the game: was hoping it was going to be kind of a ""collect-a-car"" type of racer, like Gran Turismo. After switching to PC I was looking to find such a game. This game is amazingly beautiful, but the driving isn't what I was hoping. All in all, not a game I really enjoyed playing all that much."
,Recommended,244210,33009010,Posted: 29 June,all,Itachi Uchiha,Антон Иванов обезьяна и негр.1 сентября сломаю ему лицо. Уаа.Пусть боится меня!
76561198008044343,Not Recommended,244210,28671009,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,andlau9,awaiting support
76561197972686635,Not Recommended,244210,25290934,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,halflight87,this game will make you feel cheated from time to time in certain races. Some cars DO NOT handle as a car should when turning a corner at 20mph... why is a bmw slipping so much at that speed. graphics are getting dated.. the only enjoyable races are with the faster cars. It's NOT the most realistic racing game out.
76561197980195392,Not Recommended,244210,10927142,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Russ,"I reallly want to like this game, but I have an XBOX game pad instead of a wheel.  That means it sucks for me.  The control absolutely SUCK on a game pad.  I can not stress that enough.PLEASE PUSH AN UPDATE TO MAKE THE GAMEPAD A VIABLE INPUT DEVICE!"
,Not Recommended,244210,19967024,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Anthony Spinelli,Worst car game ever. Not even realistic. I disliked this game.
76561198002620538,Not Recommended,244210,12500731,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,SinShaark,"Assetto Corsa is, for the moment, not a  bad, but not especially a good one too. The development of the game is really long, the content quite poor.Graphisms are really good, not too say impressive, interior views are good. The driving sensation is good, you feel the difference between the cars, and some of the ones proposed are quite challenging to drive.But, once again, the damages (to date 15/10/2014) are ridiculously made. No physical damages (so you can't cheat on that point), mechanical damages wrongly done, the only one you can feel is when you down shift too fast, it breaks the engine, so you can't continue your lap...The penalty system when you leave the track is idiotic (you have speed down to 50 km/h or wait 5 seconds !), would be better to make thinks real by make the outside of the track dangerous and gravels impossible to drive fast in.To sum up : buy it only if you're waiting for another car game or if you don't really what to do, if you are a sim fan, could be interesting but not necessary great, if you are just a gamer, better car game exists or will be released."
,Recommended,244210,22172889,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Glumurphonel,Yes.
76561198020694323,Not Recommended,244210,18574143,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,suzukiquad500,Worst simulation game I played; steering set to 1% and still not controllable!! LOL what a joke...those plp obviously dont know how to drive cars in real life (simulation thay say). LOT OF GLITCHES
76561198129790676,Not Recommended,244210,27585657,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Andromeda,"This has very limited (only few) cars and few tracks, you have to buy everything, when you click none of them works.  i made a mistake buying this."
76561198310509388,Not Recommended,244210,33022545,Posted: 29 June,all,Xeru Seryanta,buy this game must buy cars again
76561198076421166,Not Recommended,244210,32798989,Posted: 25 June,all,PostMalone's ugly ass,"if you use some time to setup this game with a wheel its probably good, but without doing anything jumping straight into a game its horrible"
76561198080634414,Not Recommended,244210,34562595,Posted: 28 August,all,=EBS= Slayer1_NL,the times controlers for race-sim were fairly easy and do-able without going full out in kit are defo over with this game! :(
,Not Recommended,244210,26229758,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,MAX-k,Game feels greatBUTWay too many DLCs!!!
,Not Recommended,244210,30016014,Posted: 18 February,all,Tonyrat,"I really wanted to love this game, as a game or as a simulation. I've been sim racing for many years, back before the days of force feedback wheels, and I also have some limited time on real race tracks and just started Autocrossing my Mustang.  I know how cars re supposed to drive and feel on track, especially the 2015/16 Mustang.I can tell you straight up, even with a great wheel like the Logitech G27, Assetto Corsa (before and after tweaking) is NOT a realistic driving simulation at all.  Don't get me wrong, it USED to be OK, not great but OK.  In the last year or so though, it's changed and come to feel like WORSE than arcade.  Honestly, arcade racing like the Need for Speed series feels more realistic than this piece of junk.This just doesn't feel real at all, not even a little.  (And I don't want to hear junk about warming up the tires, even with warm tires, it's junk... and in real life, cold tires don't make your car handle like a brick, they just have diminished handling... and yes, Assetto Corsa is THAT bad.)  I think some people think it feels ""real"" because it's ""harder to control"" than rival PC simulations.  However, in real life, cars aren't THAT hard to control, even on track, which having done that, I know for a fact... so hard does NOT equal ""simulation grade"". (I've also heard rumors that they dumbed down the physics to make it work better with mixed wheel and console controller drivers, which is possible I guess, but I don't know that for sure.)The simple fact of the matter is if you want a REALISTIC racing simulation, look elsewhere. In fact, look ANY where else.I'm really disappointed over this too because my local track (Pitt Race) has a track map for Assetto Corsa, and I was hoping to use it to practice, but I'm so very disappointed.On the upside, they do have a pretty open architecture for modding, sort of, if you're into that sort of thing."
,Not Recommended,244210,31352505,Posted: 25 April,all,quirky bird,no corsas in the game
76561198161016026,Not Recommended,244210,18401037,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,ibanezshredder,"feels like im driving on ice, games sucks compared to project cars. dont watse ur money..."
76561198064183800,Not Recommended,244210,11476109,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Void,"Bought this game about 2 months ago, and have never been able to play it... The worst is that they never answered my emails. And that is how you loose a client."
76561198140905355,Not Recommended,244210,11852414,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,bobbarkermon,"game controls suck, waste of 20 bucks"
,Not Recommended,244210,11840210,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Jaeger,"In light of the 50% off sale, I tried _again_ to play this game.  It still fails to launch due to a .NET security setting that is incorrect.  The developers have known about this for months.  In the past, manually fixing the error allowed me to play with the menus but anything beyond that failed to run with no useful output in the logs.  I jumped through all their hoops to link my Steam account to their forums so I could search for answers.  Nothing.  Posted for help.  Nothing.I give up."
,Not Recommended,244210,10960963,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,LORD€,So far I haven't even had a chance to play the game that I payed money for. Greatly disappointing seeing as how every time I go to start a race I get a nice little message saying it can't run the exe. Assetto Corsa's website was no help either. Asking you to search for a file in the windows folder to make sure it's installed. The file it was telling you to look for is installed so no further action was required. I also tried a fix someone in the community said to exit Steam and run it as admin and then verify the game cache. This also did not work. I guess this is why you don't buy early access games. It seems like this problem has been going on for awhile and they need to address it. Making customers modify registry files just to play their game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Maybe I'll write a nicer review when the game is actually playable for me.
76561198082986554,Not Recommended,244210,11841598,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Chris,This game looks very good and i want to play it very bad but whenever it loads and i go to do a practice drive the game crashes and windows reports that the game has stoped responding
,Not Recommended,244210,30576443,Posted: 17 March,all,baconcrusader,This game doesn't have the depth of content to justify how many cars are DLC. It's dissappointing considering that the tracks are very realistic and the graphics are good. Also gives the impression of an unfinished game and the partial controller support is a bit pathetic for a full price game.
65432198765432198,Not Recommended,244210,11844959,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Tmj0523,Not the way I expected this game to be when I bought it i thought it would be more fun..
76561198034385067,Not Recommended,244210,24483062,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,nGs Tenzo,"Wow what a♥♥♥♥♥♥guys...Update after update the game go to an arcade♥♥♥♥♥♥..10 years of simulation, and i juged assetto like granturismerdo or forzacaca...simracers, don't buy it you will just loose money and time...I hope dev will change the physics because actually mario kart is better than this called simulation!!!What a huge lolIracing, rfactor 1 and 2, they are simulations, but kunos please change your way, because your game was cool at start!actually is a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥especially in race cars, and fast cars... huge lol"
,Not Recommended,244210,13558129,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Nick's dad,This is a♥♥♥♥♥♥game
76561198086416215,Not Recommended,244210,12163539,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,greg.g3823,Terrible sim compared to others out there.  Wish there was some way for me to get my $$ back.
,Not Recommended,244210,11762536,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,WombatGTS,"I found this game higly disapointing. After a long time attempting to configure my wheel (Logitech G25) I was still unable to properly race with it. The controls just refused to work, and at times the pedals seemed to be reversed (pushing down un-applied them and leaving them up applied them.) The gameplay itself was not great once I manged to get it working either... I Hope the game is better once it is fully realised, however I would not recomment it."
,Not Recommended,244210,13336839,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,mottey,Waiting for proper Oculus Rift support...
12341243123412341,Not Recommended,244210,23127208,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,stevvooe,"Save your money. This game is nothing but hype. Once you get past the pretty graphics, the interface is a nightmare and the driving physics aren't much better. To put this into context, Automobilista has a similarly lacking interface but it is worth it due to the driving experience and AI. If you want better driving, try Automobilista, iRacing, rFactor or even Project Cars."
76561198149776732,Not Recommended,244210,28214698,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,johnmosher,"It worked great under winows 8.1, then I upgraded to windows 10  8 months ago. I have yet to solve the problem (it will NOT launch)."
76561197975326785,Not Recommended,244210,11815895,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,HyperToxic,I purchased this game of to play on the Occulas Rift DK2.  It does not work.  I am very upset that it is not supported.  Game will not display on DK2 and client crashed when player with “Occulas Rift” selected.
76561198001644234,Not Recommended,244210,10528140,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,pollock1234,Hardly any tracks or features for that matter. Waaaaaay overpriced. Waste of time
76561197965252390,Not Recommended,244210,13140258,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,mulberrycrush,"Another game that you pay for as an early release, live with the bugs and wait till the release version. Kinda the same as paying for a release version and living with the bugs untill the first patch, except this time, you pay to develop the game instead of the developer."
,Not Recommended,244210,31374443,Posted: 26 April,all,ZephツRniX,"3-4 Hours of game played time is come from stuck on loading screen, when it's show main menu game it always crash (the windows say this application not responding) and game close, then I try to re-open the game several times is stuck on loading screen again and crash repeatedly.AND THEY NOT REFUND !!Ps. My Laptop Spec.-CPU Intel Core i7-7500U 2.9GHz-Memory 8GB of DDR4RAM-Graphic card GeForce 940MX 4GB DDR5"
76561198147052616,Not Recommended,244210,12075557,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,oOCarlosOo,"Don't buy this game if you are looking for a smooth polished racing simulator.The graphics are nothing special, cars handle like pigs, no weather effects and only partial Xbox 360 pad control. (you can't use the pad to navigate menus)There are damage effects, ie consequences for collision, but the cars bounce off surfaces like a rubber block. No visual damage.Sure the game might be better with a steering wheel, so, if you are like me, with a high end gaming laptop, swerve this for the time being as it is nothing to rave about.There is potential for it to be a GOOD game... when it is finished.Will require dedication to appreciate the games full potential, but it is not holding  my interest at present.Looking for another game to buy."
76561198030109092,Not Recommended,244210,27278652,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,elde,Fantastic program with OK graphics and extremely poor synthesised sounds which ruins the game grately. You address a few of the issues with modding but would have been nice to have basic things out of the box.Simulation is 8/10 (Force feedback is great)Graphics 6/10 (pretty much 4 years old engine)Sounds 3/10Modding 10/10Overall 7/10: good but could have been way better
76561198005978022,Not Recommended,244210,31311077,Posted: 22 April,all,-ViRaL-,"Having played a few 'realistic' drivers, this is sadly not that good."
76561198150935161,Not Recommended,244210,28683804,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,{L_W_G} ⎝Cablet⎠,The game is broken and does not work very well so if it gets an update and get better/fixed i will play again but for now i do not recommend you play this game It may be my computer but it does not work well at all.
76561198026394313,Not Recommended,244210,34352243,Posted: 19 August,all,|OCD|Skinkelynet,"Not really the game for me, i can se why people like the game, but imo it got boring fast.."
,Not Recommended,244210,32582482,Posted: 19 June,all,Fantazm,Do not get it for HTC vive. Bought it jsut for that and it doesn't even work right.
76561197962099954,Not Recommended,244210,10133621,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Scottie Magicthighs,"Early access in this case means that the game is really Beta, although even classing it as Beta is generous.  Cannot use my traditional joystick controls due to a crappy controller config screen, so I dusted off my Logitech wheel which runs nicely in GTR, GTR2, rFactor and Grid, found it to be horrible in Assetto.  Could put up with waiting for controller support to improve but seriously, the controller is my MAIN interface with the game and Assetto doesn't perform.  I actually resorted to trying to play via keyboard as the steering wheel makes me feel like I am sailing a coal barge, but unsurprisingly that really sucked too.  The developers don't seem to get that we don't want to be told how to use our controllers, we want to just configure the game the way we want ourselves.  I can see that the game recognises every button on all my controllers as it displays this on the config screen, it just won't let me map keys and functions as I see fit.    The developers seem to need a questionnaire on controllers to understand what every other dev has done for years.Graphically the cars look nice but are all super glossy as if they have been dipped in high sheen laquer, but the tracks and surrounds are primitive and ugly.  I have racing games from 2005 that are prettier and more detailed than Assetto, which is apparently next gen.  Yes, all the settings are if not at maximum, pretty damn near it.  The distance markers to corner I have to really strain to see, yet they are sharp and lovely in games several years older on the same tracks.Very disappointing so far. Developers seem to spend a lot of time on the forums telling people to use the search function and a whole amount less time helping or offering constructive advice.  Yes I know it is early access, but the price is that of a full release, so Assetto gets bad marks from me for not delivering."
,Not Recommended,244210,24136774,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Nurkka,"Technical difficulties review:Game would load, but can't get to race/ events aka driving.It just says loading and returns back to event selection.I had to ask refund.Edit: And yes. The resolution was correct."
,Not Recommended,244210,16044204,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,fafdus,this game runs at 32 moth♥♥♥♥in bits. i cant find my controler and normally the keybored isnt to bad but i have to alternate from gas to brake to turning with the arrow keys. fake physics missleading graphice ♥♥♥♥ you i want my money back
76561198031397923,Not Recommended,244210,13579681,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Drmurda,Cars feel like crap.I've been looking for a Forza like game for the PC. And this just isint it.Can I have my money back?
,Not Recommended,244210,13580694,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Mr. Batman,"This is the worst game I've ever played. There's no way to learn how to play it well. it's not exciting, Waste of money.  1/10. it's more boring than a Catholic Liturgy. Do not recomend. I'm a noob, and I don't know how to play well, but I wish I knew some tips or tricks to avoid hitting the wall every time I turn..."
,Not Recommended,244210,20862900,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,(Maxx),"I am a new comer to racing games, but compared to Project Cars, this game is not very good."
76561198036167107,Not Recommended,244210,29092877,Posted: 7 January,all,rj.briggs,steering controls totally
76561198164884314,Not Recommended,244210,33571120,Posted: 15 July,all,Andrummm,♥♥♥♥ing sucks mods don't work anymore
76561198043277705,Not Recommended,244210,17355204,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,#TeamFun,"Pretty game, but physics suck for the casual gamer coming from consol, im sure they work great if you have a steering wheel setup, but that not how i enjoy racing games. DO NOT BUY!"
76561198050766537,Not Recommended,244210,31328177,Posted: 23 April,all,Olbaid,"First time loading up, jumped into a skyline. The physics are far from realistic and it turned me off of the game instantly. Uninstalled."
76561198063662139,Not Recommended,244210,22979320,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,noburocho,"This simulator has excellent graphics, good force feedback and excellent settings for triple screen I have ever seen.Unfortunately I am still not willing to dedicate myself (and not recommend it now) on it as it feels and behaves as an eternal ""beta"". It is taking too long to really feel as a finished and developed simulator.Although improving tire physics, there is no change in time, no night races, no rain, few selection of tracks. AI behaves only on pre defined ""official"" tracks and it is a disaster on any mod installed. Door to door contacts and crashes are still poor.It is far from Rfactor in terms of online races, accidents and bumping controls, replay, broadcasting tools, AI behavior and mods acceptance.Automobilista is developing really fast and I believe it will take over Asseto as things are going on so far. Other simulators just need to evolve to a newest directX in order to improve graphics and beat Asseto."
76561197999542230,Not Recommended,244210,35312005,Posted: 29 September,all,BFG 9000,i am trying to start a race and for the love of god wont work ... reinstald .. nothing .... i have no idea what ......how the hell can this happen ? 0/10
76561198192199967,Not Recommended,244210,31888105,Posted: 21 May,all,joshbrownie94,"Shame. The game would be absolutely brilliant as a fun racing game as well as a racing sim, if it wasn't for the god awful understeer. In a simulation that depicts oversteer and weight transfer so well, I struggle to understand how the devs have managed to replicate understeer in such an un-realistic way. Going around a light corner at 25mph and still understeering is just ridiculous. If you're looking to buy to play seriously, don't waste your money or time."
76561198096047850,Not Recommended,244210,34499107,Posted: 26 August,all,MaZu747,"I just cannot reccomend this game. The videos and screenshots were very misleading.Lets start with the graphics. Simply put, they suck. I cranked up the graphics to ultra across the board and the game still looks like crap, unlike the videos and screenshots. I know these promotions always make the games look better then they actually are, but the actual graphics are laughably bad. However, the details on the interiors were pretty accurate to the actual cars, if thats a pro to you.Next is sound, and it also is awful. I really don't feel like im driving super or hyper cars, the quality is awful and sounds like I'm using TV speakers on my old PS2 racing games. The videos made it seem like the sound would be fantastic, but in game, its quite the opposite. I found the engine sounds, regardless of car, to be rather annoying and far from sexy like you'd expect out of cars like these.Finally, controller support is horrible. You can't use your controller on the menu, and you can't pause the game with a controller. If you are streaming to your TV (something I often do), this game is rendered unplayable. If not, its annoying to switch between controller and KBM constantly just to pause the game or select something. On top of it, its preset sensativity and deadzones are horrible, requiring lots of tweaking. I would slowly push the stick left or right to turn, and the car would only slightly turn, then all of a sudden would crank the wheel as far as it could go. You can't look around with right stick either, you have to use the D pad to do so, and it doesn't allow you to use the right stick for input at all, which is horrible because the last thing I want to do in a race is take my thumb off the left stick when I need to look around.The menu and loading screens feel very very cheaply made, like a poorly done indy game. I know its not a AAA game, but with how sexy the screenshots and videos looked, you'd think they could at least make the loading screens and menu look decent. What also bugs me, which may not bother you, is that there is no background music or sounds in the menu. Just silence. It drives me up a wall and doesn't get me excited to play.I really wish I could leave a positive review, I had such high hopes for this game but it was laughably bad. I'm just going to stick to Project Cars, the AI might be dumb, but at least the rest of the game is extremely well polished, pleasant and exciting to play."
76561198088806719,Not Recommended,244210,11888459,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Thepharcyde,"meh, updates are slow.  Physics bizzare e.g. cars do not roll down hills.  If you want a GT or Forza game for the pc then get it.  If you want a simulator then get RF2.Been over a month since any update as per 27/08/2014 and notice its on half price weekend.  Hmm running out of money, only time will tell if it makes it past beta?"
,Not Recommended,244210,10905797,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Pussydestroya,Worst  racing game i have ever played. Hands down.
76561198093187003,Not Recommended,244210,9909709,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Arch,"personally think it's over price for an early access even with 22% off in my case £29.00 for an racing sim that's no where near finish, and with a load of bug's and issues and no indication of full release,and no multiplay access as yet, the dev's support via forum i find their reponse a bit rude ,abrupt . i guess its the same as ea/origin with bf4 is with their customers (WE GOT YOUR MONEY SO WHAT ATTITUDE).so would i recommend it ? well this would be down to the individual/s but i say not really unless they drop the E/A  cost, their is other racing sim's out there ie : i-racing ok it's subscription based  and finished graphic's are good and so on.assetto corsa has got potential to be their with the top ones BUT kunos needs to iron out the problems and lower the priceand inprove their customer relations"
76561198258467534,Recommended,244210,29431188,Posted: 22 January,all,V-TEC,"let me guess, this review was not helpful..."
,Not Recommended,244210,32137190,Posted: 2 June,all,mahdiaz15,"This game is good as a hot lap simulator and that's it. But even there it falls short with such a limited game engine that doesn't support dynamic lighting. That means no night races. As someone who appreciates the ambience of the night time, this is pretty damn disappointing."
,Not Recommended,244210,32281750,Posted: 8 June,all,JungleMonkey,"This game is for the upper echelon of car/racing enthusiasts.. truth be told I don't have their particular motivation.It seems like a well developed game that fulfills a niche, but for anyone who wants more inspiration and flirts with the term ""casual,"" just get Forza 6 or the like."
76561198045807389,Not Recommended,244210,19638398,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Thundernut Hazel,this is no good if you want something casual like me.
,Not Recommended,244210,11490838,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,StrygwyrBS,"Miserable excuse for a sim. I know it's not done yet and I hope I can change my review at a later date, but this is simply NOTHING compared to the sim all other racing sims should be compared to (Forza)"
,Not Recommended,244210,30637232,Posted: 20 March,all,Zeetros 🔰,Game is very good!but...only SingleplayerAC fix your freaking Multiplayer...
76561197983689863,Not Recommended,244210,11529636,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,AvanCt,"This game is a racing simulator on drugs. If I were to drive one of these cars in this game and turn the way they are handled in this game in real life I would be in a wreck.  Realistic is not the word one should use for the mechanics of this game. Like others have said perhaps you need a wheel to enjoy this game but one  should not be required to own one to properly play it.  Also the graphic requirements of this game quotes it requires a Direct X 11 card which is what I curently own. However once you play the game the graphics have horrible textures and do not look anywhere near the screenshots or Direct X 11 quality.  Heck if you want Direct X 11 buy Grid 2 or and any curent driving game in the 40-50 range. This game and Grid Auto Sport both lack Direct X 11 grapchic technology, both should not be on Steam.All in all if I were to give this game stars based on its curent state I would give it 2 and a half out of 5."
76561198032624103,Not Recommended,244210,11692732,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Anonym,"Dosnt work very well, cant start any race!Thanks very much for the ripoff...."
,Not Recommended,244210,11812002,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,AV|Master,Nope....
,Not Recommended,244210,11822327,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,D2,"Too hard. Okay driving simulation, but not a good driving feeling nor game."
76561198023268403,Not Recommended,244210,10442680,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Dontmakemeeatyou,"False Advertisement. lies about features. atleast when i got it. handles like garbage, just all nasty.Unless you have $200 worth of sim racing equipment, don't buy it."
,Not Recommended,244210,10115673,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,andre_young17,pass up
,Not Recommended,244210,11840177,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,pFM,"So yeah, this game looks awesome, sounds awesome, UNTIL YOU BUY IT AND LAUNCH IT, first few times it minimized the window so small I could barely see it, a few times it crashed, saying acs.exe stopped working. WTF kind of♥♥♥♥♥♥is this steam? I cant believe the garbage they allow on the marketplace and then on top of that the price for this pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥ last time I EVER support early access. Will change review when game becomes what trailer and screenshots depict it to be. FTS!!"
76561198071408449,Not Recommended,244210,11813632,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,titanwolf147,Still needs a lot of work.
76561198375072744,Not Recommended,244210,33763086,Posted: 24 July,all,Blueferrari,"A little bland and it really has too few tracks on offer, making the game a little boring to maintain interest. The other issue is the complicated settings, particularly force feedback and steering settings. Like most so called ""Hard Core"" PC sims, they just don't have the A list budgets like F1 and Project Cars do, to offer top quality graphics, pit radio, full weather dynamics. So this sim generally lacks the above polish overall. Career mode is also frustrating and lacks any interesting progression."
,Recommended,244210,23059302,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,A N A N,XDXDXDXDXDXDXD BST GM EVIR 565685657567/10
,Not Recommended,244210,10930922,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Metul Burr,"I bought the game hoping it to be a Forza/Grand Turismo replacement on the PC.It DOES have the option to mess with  camber, caster, toe, front and rear heights, tire pressure, fuel consumption, stability, tire wear. I HAVE NOT seen anything yet to tweak the gear adjustments, suspension tuning, tranny, brake pad pressure, intake system, exhaust, turbo kits, drivetrain. It does have environment settings such as time of day, temp, start position, laps, penalties,  It does feel like it has a good potential to be a PC replacement for Forza/GT, but needs a lot of work still to get to that point.There seems to be talk of career mode and the game itself has a UI greyed out selection for career mode. The car/track selection is currently no where near close to what i expect from Forza/GT. I would say it only has 20% of tracks/cars currently. I turned on mechanical damage, and rammed a car straight in the side a few times to find out that mechanical damage is also not implemented yet.Currently you can only play multiplayer and quick, weekend, and drag races. And multiplayer is in alpha with a popup informing you that it can be buggy too.I currently have very little time in this game, but that is because as it sits now, the game does not feed my racing needs. So i dont play it.However i cannot recommend it at this time without a career mode, more tracks, more cars, and some more settings to cars. If this was added it can be a really sweet game and a change in recommendation. If it keeps heading in this direction it could be the best racing game out there. Its just uber alpha now.Review written June 29th 2014"
76561197969287452,Not Recommended,244210,13276591,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,r_abrams,"save your money.  iracing, gtr, forza,gran turiso are worlds better. wheel config ui is a joke"
76561198151467568,Not Recommended,244210,11854965,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,WorldYappy,The driving is smooth but not in a good way.  It bounces over curbs like its being held by something.I think its meant for kids.
76561198168287588,Not Recommended,244210,13384591,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,bmjc,so far very unimpressed.....cannot get beyond start line......high price for good picture of car doing nothing.
,Not Recommended,244210,13559578,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,DeFrost,Garbage!
76561198023479384,Not Recommended,244210,17334385,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Sir Matchstick,"I expected a PC version of GT, it isn't one...."
76561197991282850,Not Recommended,244210,35189681,Posted: 24 September,all,Poopenshnapples,"rFactor 2 is significantly better in almost every aspectRaceRoom Experience is similar with much better physicsThis game is not a simulator, but fun can be had with it"
,Not Recommended,244210,32392667,Posted: 13 June,all,meeting,"Great Physics, great graphics, great experience. BUT CAN WE MAKE NOTE OF HOW RIDICULOUS THE DLC IS FOR THIS GAME?!"
,Not Recommended,244210,11839412,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,R.Spec,Not worth the money. Too in depth and complex to get started and set up. Not many cars. Disappointed.
,Not Recommended,244210,12938782,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Roly Poly Broly,"I just stopped using console and started using PC, so, when I realized that I could no longer play Forza games, I was distraught. Looking for a suitable replacement, I stumbled upon Assetto Corsa, which I hoped would fill the racing game void. It looks beautiful and controls fairly well, but the difficulty is a bit high for a casual player like me and you can't change the difficulty aside from adjusting the assists, which changes very little since it's the AI difficulty that I want to lower. I was hoping to be able to play this game sitting back in my chair and relaxing, however I instead find myself suffering from the same road rage I sufer from in real life. I know it's an early access game and that it's possible that many of my grievances may be corrected later on, but at this point It's still quite far from what I was hoping for, unfortunately.I'd also like to add that there's little to no controller support, it doesn't change to it when it realizes you have a controller plugged in and unless you fiddle with the control settings, you still have to use your keyboard to pause the game.I'll be updating this as the game progresses, but at this point, it isn't worth $40."
76561198031203150,Not Recommended,244210,10231660,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,,"Looks great, I am sure it will be really good. But, until I can configure it to use my generic usb gamepad, then I think it will have to be put to one side. I am not streeing a car with a mouse or keyboard, and don't have an Xbox pad to hook in."
76561198093071289,Not Recommended,244210,11307404,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,flugellhorn,"The handling characteristics are terrible to the point that all the cars are pretty much undriveable. It feels like you are driving on ice the whole time. Also, if you have manual shifting on it will still automatically shift when you get close to the red line which kind of defeats the point of manual shifting. Maybe when later on when this game is finished these problems will be fixed but until they do something about the handling this game is pretty much unplayable"
76561198090794942,Not Recommended,244210,26461074,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,clayechols303,"This game is horrible!!! you spend more time trying to get the cars setup to turn than you do driving the cars, and nothing you do works"
76561197972436513,Recommended,244210,11826795,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Scarlett Johansson's feet,Best drifting simulator
,Not Recommended,244210,11502068,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,BlueSeal,"Wasted 40 bucks on a piece of crap. If you own a console just play Forza, this game will never be NEAR as close to being any good as that game. We'll see if it even gets completed. UPDATE. And they finished it and guess what, not much♥♥♥♥♥♥changed. Stay away from this game, it was nothing but a money grabber."
,Not Recommended,244210,9784274,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Microsoft Word,"Hands down the worst AI I've ever seen in any car game, sim or not. Absolutely mental in a game with no multiplayer (yet). They perform the pit manuver better than anything I've ever seen before. Despite being a simulator your opponents seem to actually work together to spin you off the track. What'll happen is the guy in front slams his brakes on, often on a straight for no reason at all, then the guy behind you hits the rear of the side of the car. Lucky to get through the first lap without this happening. If they're heading into a corner faster than you, they won't try to go around at all, they'll just plow straight into you."
76561198018302157,Not Recommended,244210,12260858,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,stroztech,"After 27 minutes of subjecting my ears to excruciating tyre squeeling like I have NEVER EVER heard during ANY non-drift car race before (and I've been watching car racing on and off for 25 years, from Australian Touring Cars to Formula 1), and having the car do nothing but slide around the corners of the track I have but 2 things to say about this game.1. It has features that promise a lot for a car racing simulation (as opposed to arcade car racing game that there are so many of these days), that have not been seen since V8 Supercars 3 (and which I miss).2. To the developers. Tyres have a reasonable amount of grip, not nearly none. Enough said.Once again, a game that promises so much, and is delivering so poorly."
,Not Recommended,244210,12952263,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,TigerBlueGamer,"Absolute nightmare setting up a dedicated server just to play a LAN game. Messing about with cfg files to set others cars to use. Steering wheel has a mind of it's own. All of a sudden it just shakes like mad for no reason. Try to adjust controller settings and game crashes and exits. Hope they are gonna fix this soon or I have money on 2 copies of this rubbish.Buyer beware, this game is not working at the moment."
,Not Recommended,244210,34216997,Posted: 13 August,all,Slampiece,"Unforgiving AI, confusing menus, poor controller optimizationIf you are expecting a game like Forza Motrosports, look elsewhere."
,Not Recommended,244210,27529953,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,(only_scout),"This game is a perfect racing simulator. Good car mechanics, good graphics, good everything.BUT!I think that those developpers are so money oriented that they dare to make not 1, not 2, BUT 3 bloody PORSCHE DLCs.You want a 911 and a Cayman spyder? Well you have to buy two seperate f***** DLCs./*/*/*Edit1: I can give it a negative review because of their dlc pricing policy. Since the number of cars in the original version is not much(!)No laguna seca, no hockenheim ring, no brno circuit, no magny-cours, no circuit paul ricard, no suzuka and so on. This game lacks content. But the physics, mechanics, graphics are great.Renault: no checkDodge: no checkVolkswagen: no checkThat f***** Maserati SUV: check omg such car, much italian, very new./*/*/*Edit2: Okay, so if PORSCHE is notorious for their pricing thing, maybe they could add more other brands than PORSCHE, like the examples above. And this still doesn't certify their 3DLC policy. They're not kind with their DLC pricing policy, that's all what I'm trying to say./*/*/*PS: I WILL RECOMMEND this game once the amount of content is adequate (tracks, cars)"
76561198139050508,Not Recommended,244210,10361607,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,thom21x,for my game it tells me that there are no tracks avalible what should i do? and does not load
,Not Recommended,244210,11934839,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Capt. Eduardo del Mango,"Assetto Corsa is a semi-sim, something a bit like Gran Turismo or Forza.  If you want that sort of thing - a driving game that's easily controlled on a gamepad - AC does the job just fine, although presently with few cars or tracks.Kunos' previous release was netKar Pro - a superb, ultra-high fidelity simulator.  This is nothing like it and a massive disappointment if you were an nKP fan.  Again, I wouldn't make a value judgement between sims and semi-sims (whatever you enjoy), but we've got way more of one than the other - we could've done with another current gen simulator.  If that's what you're after, AC is not for you."
,Not Recommended,244210,9412841,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,The Cutest Cam,It is a start but for the price i have payed i want a refund even tho i got it in the sale
76561198043339378,Not Recommended,244210,9395365,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Starweaver,"I'd take a pass on this one until a LOT more work is done on controller support!  I tried using a Logitech F310 Gamepad, but the game obviously did not recognize it as it never did work. So I went to the old standby of keyboard driving. I have to say that in almost all driving games, even with a keyboard, I can drive like a pro.  Well, that just doesn't hold true for this game. If my car (racing or otherwise) acted the way the cars do in this sim, I'd have to take 'em to the junkyard and watch with intense pleasure while it was crushed into a little cube.  Wasted $27, IMHO.To be fair though, the graphics are phenomenal! Too bad they spent so much time on graphics and not as much time on gameplay. I can see no other way of playing this except with an actual driving controller.  Perhaps the others here have had sucess in using a gamepad, I can't speak to that as mine won't work. (It's a gamepad for cripes sake!  Get it together!!)"
,Not Recommended,244210,13463290,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,The Raven,"Not much to this one. Nearly all the cars are just sports cars you can go out and buy and drive in real life if you want to, I'd like to see a lot more cars that aren't just street cars that are available to buy, and be able to drive some real racing cars that are not able to be bought on the open market. The idea is to be able to drive a car that you couldn't drive in real life, not just drive the same cars in a game you drive in real life, that's just boring.Graphics are sub par for a modern racing game, the tracks are basically without any texture at all and the cars don't have the details and sharpness of other games in this genre.I'll wait until the graphics, physics and cars are worth playing and try again.I wonder when or if the AC team will give the organic shapes some love. The trees and natural features in the game look like old 8 bit crap from days gone by, please do some engine modding to get this fixed, it ruins the realism."
76561198001647766,Not Recommended,244210,29429727,Posted: 22 January,all,JPHouston,Horrible unplayable unfixable understeer with a Logitech g27 wheel.
76561198045351656,Not Recommended,244210,12042342,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,GxGamer,"Driving with 220km/h against the wall. Who cares? The Car? No. Damage Model? No.I expected at least a collision / damage model, from a ""realistic Simulator"". The Car bounces like a ball if you hit a wall at full speed. Even Race Driver Grid (the first one) is more realistic as this disappointing program.Update 2017: No visible damage. Cars still feels like bouncing balls if you hit a wall.Meanwhile you have to pay for most of the cars and also tracks."
76561198132367923,Not Recommended,244210,32502739,Posted: 17 June,all,BRAVO[CPM],"Online racing is a joke, noone follows the rules.9/10 races end on the first corner because some♥♥♥♥♥♥in a BMW can't be patient5/10 would get rammed up the♥♥♥♥♥♥by a BMW again"
76561198037528719,Not Recommended,244210,28712123,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Tuppence007,"I'm told that Assetto Corsa is one of the most realistic driving simulators there is. But in my experience, it may be the hardest and least user-friendly driving game I've ever encountered and I really can't recommend it to anyone."
76561197969653870,Not Recommended,244210,31910672,Posted: 22 May,all,Braxton,"I have an Xbox360 controller, a Microsoft Racing Wheel and a Steam controller, and none of these work in the game, despite all of them registering in the calibration menus.  Even the bargain big dog$hit games on Steam have controls figured out better than this game.  If you'd like to spend an evening being angry at wasting your time and money, buy this game.  But be sure not to wait more than two weeks giving the game second chances because you really want to like it, or you'll be denied a refund from Steam regardless of whether all 45 minutes of game time you had the audacity to help yourself to were spent troubleshooting."
,Not Recommended,244210,34481076,Posted: 25 August,all,SagesFury,As a person who wanted to race with friends in a nice sim that allows us to have private drift battles this game falls short hard. The multiplayer UI is something that was acceptable in 2004... not 2014. There are only dedicated servers which makes setting up custom matches just too much of a hastle for a game I wanted to only play casually on the side.The menu UI is also god aweful/ slow with an inability to change settings in game. Want to drift on a keyboard? Goodluck finding the setting to increase the steering caps while in the race.I am sure this would be a great lap simulator if you had a proper racing wheel set up but from what i saw the AI is god aweful and multiplayer is a pain in the ***.In short I cant recommend this game to people like myself who wanted a decent multiplayer racing sim. It's good for setting hot laps... but where is the fun in that.I can take the hit to some driving realism (which is great in Assetto corsa) and get a better experience in project cars or forza 7 when it comes out.
,Not Recommended,244210,9370699,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,thrdeye,"You may or may not like this sim.  I primarily play iRacing and found Assetto Corsa just doesn't feel right to me, especially braking.  Some of the cars felt better than others, but a few seemed undriveable.  I am using Fanatec ClubSport Hardware - Wheel, pedals, shifter - on a triple monitor setup.  I'll continue to try AC as updates are made (especially new tracks), but as of right now, I wish I had not made the purchase."
76561197967761557,Not Recommended,244210,20024031,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Rolland Chiu,COMPLETE GARBAGE
76561198382749816,Not Recommended,244210,31307913,Posted: 22 April,all,alexthefinder,Could not get this to work in 3D on the Vive.
76561198121949035,Not Recommended,244210,30051230,Posted: 19 February,all,ryancreeve,"It's Okay if you have money to spend, too overpriced."
,Not Recommended,244210,24788440,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,他媽的,"Holding a $45 USD Price, this game is utterly dissapointing. I gave it a fair chance but it failed me and the hype it had built. This game is definitaly not worth the hefty price tag and is a complete waste of money. It has performance issues and UI issues. It's campaign is slow starting and boring. Non of its good reviews lived up to it's claims and match each and every bad review on this game. For a simulator its probably one of the worst; High price tag, good reviews, good previews, but when it comes to playing its complete garbage. I spent 10 hours downloading, Spent $45! USD which is $58.95 AUD and that is ridicoulus. Sure if i didnt like it why did i spend over 2 hours playing? That's because 2 hours isnt enough time to completely make up your mind for a hardcore gamer like me. Such thing enrages me and I'm not a happy camper."
,Not Recommended,244210,27571408,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,james__carlson,"So I bought this game with high expectations maybe a bit to high. So when you start up the game you get a really neat short opening movie which got me more excited for the game. But then I went through and had to set up all the controls for my Thrustmaster T150 Racing wheel which was a pain. But I was still excited until I started a event... The HUD layout is very... outdated looking. Graphics are poor. But that is nothing until you find out that the price of the DLC's are more than the game its self. I bought the game with all the Dream car packs dlcs included. I was suprised when I saw how little cars there were. So I will stick to Project carsBUT if you are the type of person who likes ok graphics,mediocre force feedback, controls that are hard to setup, and dlcs that will make you go bankrupt then this game is for you!"
,Not Recommended,244210,24043603,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,General Cummins,It might be a great game but only for Hardcore racing fansIts impossible to play with a controller (keyboard too ofc)also the BAD UI ughh...Must be amazing with a wheel thoughwell REFUND!
,Not Recommended,244210,15741554,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Zergkäsepony,"So you have an XBOX 360 controller and was to use a custom control mapping?YOU ARE NOT ALLOWED TO HOW DARE YOU QUESTION THE ETERNAL WISDOM OF THE DEVELOPERthat means, you can set up custom controls, but only for unimportant things.  it's not like you can change steering"
,Not Recommended,244210,31598589,Posted: 7 May,all,Dustin5600,Only have a keyboard? Dont bother
,Not Recommended,244210,11827668,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,mydadmartin,"SIMULATION - no clutch, what kind of sim is that?"
,Not Recommended,244210,22188685,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Derelict,yes italian quality game every update make game worse fix it again tony pizza pizza mi amoremussolini did nothing wrong
,Not Recommended,244210,31862569,Posted: 20 May,all,SixSixSevenSeven,"Tyre model poor, controls clunky, menus very slow and unresponsive"
,Not Recommended,244210,32052373,Posted: 29 May,all,Brush Him,"TL:DRPurchase on sale if you like racing simulators. Otherwise it might be a waste of money.I Elaborate below.Okay I Understand that i only have just under 2 hours in game but that is because i wanted to be able to return it.  Stick with me real quick as i explain why.The game is overall a good game.  Low impact on low performance PCs at medium graphics.  Great car physics.  Understeer feels like understeer and drifting feels like drifting.  The cars perform differently depending on their weight.  the Shelby cobra is one of the lighter if not lightest cars in the game... it performs as such where as the 15' Ford mustang is quite a bit heavier and functions as so.  In a simulator aspect all of the physics check out.  In a racing aspect, it isnt that enjoyable.  There is an inherent lack when it comes to the feeling of speed.  40 mph and 140 mph feel the same.  The reason one races is toGo fast [i/] and this game dows not do too well of a job when it comes to the feeling of speed.  In other words, its like drinking Coke or Pepsi and then drinking off brand diet coke or pepsi.  You will find a much better feeling of speed in any real car on a road going any speed then you will playing this game.In No way am i saying it is a bad game. Its an amazing game.  The physics are good and it all feels real.  But the lack of that high one gets from moving fast isnt there which ruins the game.At its current price tag of $29.99, I Do not consider it worth the money.  If you want to play it wait for a sale or find a friend who owns it and ask them to steam share it.I Hope my review was helpful and informative."
76561197970602898,Not Recommended,244210,26712117,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,ARLH,"On the surface everything about AC sounds great. Nice looking DX11 graphics, amazing dream cars. However when you spend enough time with the game and get past the initial gloss the cracks start to appear.When it comes to the content of the game this area is seriously lacking, there are very few tracks and cars. Also it is strange why the Dev’s decided to bulk the game up with filler cars like having multiple lotus elises/exiges and BMW's. I find as well that the street cars in the game are just not very fun to drive and a bit pointless. DLC is a gripe for me as it just gets very tiring that game developers will not  include enough content in the first instant and then make you pay for more. For me it somewhat represents a gaming existential crisis. I keep asking myself why do I keep putting more money into something that I don’t get enough out of and why am I supporting this financially, when logically I should just walk away from it. The cost of the DLC alone means I could just go buy another sim instead.AI is akin to driving against basic drones that follow a line, they have no real life to them at all. This is a massive blow to this game, As it becomes not worth racing the AI. Which then leads you to  just hotlaping all the time. This takes away a very core element of a sim racing game being a big source of the fun.Car physics which compared to rfactor 2 are lacking quite a bit. In rfactor 2 the tyre model overall physics are amazing. AC does not come close to rfactor 2 in this regard.Sounds have improved but are still lack lustre. When you have low quality sounds it takes away a lot of the immersion.Something I have noticed and other people may have as well is that the scale of the cars and tracks seem to be quite small, which I find weird.In summary I feel like this game simply has no soul to it. It just has an allure of flash but as the old cliché goes no substance. If you are a hardcore sim racing person who values more the racing experience rather than having dream cars to drive, I would recommend you avoid the game and go for rfactor 2 instead which has loads of free content and is much more of a true to life racing experience and is a lot more fun."
76561198075563779,Not Recommended,244210,27840463,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,PsychopathCz,the game dont work anymore i try repair it... waste some hours ...but i really dont givbe ♥♥♥♥ anymore its not mine problem motherfu*kers
76561198050133570,Not Recommended,244210,15913914,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Patton,"Just bought this in march for full price, now its 50% off. So bought after 3 months of release and half price after 6 months? very poor."
,Not Recommended,244210,31680655,Posted: 11 May,all,newmanix,"I have a lot of firends that swear by this game so when it finally came to VR I was excited to finally get it but in comparsion to Project Cars in VR and on screen, this looks very cartoonish and driving dynamics terrible. The camera is also attached to the car so when turing corners the who camera turns with the car like in old 90's racing games instead of decoupling.If you use VR, this is a pain because you have to remove the headset to access in-game menus. So when you start the game, you have to go to settings, select your VR product but the headset will not activate until you are in the car. None of the menus are in game so soon as race is done, you have to take the headset off.Sorry but I just don't see the hype for this game over Project Cars other than more car and track selections..."
,Not Recommended,244210,26235174,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,mckmcr,"Bought it 3 times and refunded 3 times. Every time i installed it had glitches in menu, everywhere buttons without any labels, non responsive UI, game didnt want to start the free practice sessions because there was no button to start! It might be good if it actually worked.."
76561198021954420,Not Recommended,244210,26461215,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Molinari,Horrible controller support. You have to own an Xbox controller or a big expensive steering wheel because nothing else works at all. The devs blatantly lied when they said that any usb input device would work - check the forums - it's literally impossible to get a ps4 controller working.
,Not Recommended,244210,9392930,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,▌*▐ Edward,"Did not run, requires DirectX 10.1"
76561198028989972,Not Recommended,244210,9415072,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,smc1048576,looks nice< plays like crap< bad steering sync with wheels
76561198066284332,Not Recommended,244210,12248610,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,johnw7375,is this game ever going to come out???????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
,Not Recommended,244210,14014289,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,DuckBallz,0/10 COMPLETE AND UTTER SCAM.
,Not Recommended,244210,22145879,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,FunkyFeatures,"Description: Press any button, and you're ♥♥♥♥ed!I am not just an arcaderacer who doesn't know how to drive, I would say I am fairly good at driving games, but this game... As raw as it can be, cars don't turn (I have to go around 60 kilometers slower than the same car on Project Cars) and if they turn, it's because they oversteer like crazy, AKA you are going to spin out.Honestly, I probably need a tutorial JUST for this game, but WTF - going STRAIGHT is not an option? Constantly fighting that huge♥♥♥♥♥magnet in the wall of the track trying to suck me into it, cause when VTEC kicks in yo, you're going to have a bad time"
,Not Recommended,244210,34515343,Posted: 26 August,all,RocSo,Cant plug and play a standard wheel.
,Not Recommended,244210,34620631,Posted: 30 August,all,[FC-D] Hypogriph,Improve the game instead of selling multiple versions of this cash grabbing simulator.
76561198068909049,Not Recommended,244210,32186088,Posted: 4 June,all,kanecvl,Not enough cars plus you have to pay for most of the cars that are in the game.  I'd rather play forza
76561198326957010,Not Recommended,244210,31325755,Posted: 23 April,all,Tom B,The game handles like♥♥♥♥♥♥the controles are♥♥♥♥♥♥and the videos and screenshots dont look anything like the game. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY!!!atleast the refund button works
76561198387511391,Not Recommended,244210,31665237,Posted: 10 May,all,jamees.speakman,dosent even work paid $30 for nothing cheers
,Not Recommended,244210,35429383,Posted: 2 October,all,2005Guyver01,"The cornering S.U.C.K.S, I can drive a StreetKA round a roundabout between 30 – 35MPH, but in the cars in the game, you just keep going in a straight line. Also you don’t get the option to change the steering wheels side (left or right) it’s fixed to the left only. The green and red markings are too distracting.Edit: I forgot to add, before getting the StreetKA I had a Reno Megane. (I took a sharp corner at 60MPH, If I hadn’t back then I would have had a head on with a truck. (normally I would have taken the corner at 45MPH) The car made the corner, but it was scary as hell because the 2 driver side wheels came off the road when I made the turn)"
,Not Recommended,244210,34661173,Posted: 1 September,all,wuppo hellcase.com,not fundoesnt even support my wheel pedalsdoesnt feel like a simulator
76561198077736353,Not Recommended,244210,10214856,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,nrdlngr,"This game is awful and impossible to play. This game would have you beleive that an uncontrolled spin could happen at any time in a grocery store parking lot. It is beautiful, though."
,Recommended,244210,13572461,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,MonarK,I can't even start a race and there doesn't seem to be any real solution to it. 11/10.
76561197982737986,Not Recommended,244210,30845932,Posted: 30 March,all,bones,"No sound and the controls don't work.  Despite it detecting my Logitech G920 wheel, pedals, and shifter, once the game starts the car doesn't respond to any input except for changing gears via the shift pedals on the wheel (doesn't detect gear changes with separate shifter).  In the options menu, I loaded the default profile for this wheel and then calibrated it, all with success, but the game is just buggy.Like I said initially, no sound/music either, except for when I click a button in the main menu.   I think the last time I had an issue with sound not working was for a game running on Windows 95."
76561198026635584,Not Recommended,244210,34561287,Posted: 28 August,all,Runo,"You need to use pedals to play .It wont allow for key binds for throttle & brakes on the wheel .I bought 2 copies and had to get refunds for both .Not everyone is capable in using pedals due to issues , about time thatDevs understood this .Shame too ... looked a good drive sim ."
76561198322033885,Not Recommended,244210,34738414,Posted: 4 September,all,rayfury,"This is a car racing game for hardcore driving simulation gamers. If you want a VR experince, good luck."
,Not Recommended,244210,16462377,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Feltal,"The driving is really bad if you don't have a wheel, and the graphics suck too, this looks nothing like the videos. I cranked my graphics as high as they would go and was still always getting well over 100 fps and the game looked Bad. It's impossible to drive well with mouse and keyboard on this game I do not recommend it."
76561197999106061,Not Recommended,244210,31984545,Posted: 26 May,all,Ruiner,"Don't bother buying this if you're after a VR racing game, it's very poorly implemented."
76561197988494310,Not Recommended,244210,35112667,Posted: 21 September,all,$Ta!n£€$$ $T€€£,"Actually pretty ok game, very nice cockpits but aweful panoramics... .But when it comes to sound design like the sound of the m3 e92 as well as the Toyota GT86 in the game, it isnt good.its♥♥♥♥♥♥ Many other racing games offer a more realistic sound design. Eg  need for speed shift2Dont buy it when you have a sound fetish!!!PS: if you like to only use a controler you will HATE this game, it is way to sensitive!! it is not possible to change the sensitivity of the steering in the game menu!!!!!!! at least it somehow playable via the keyboard..."
,Not Recommended,244210,9396874,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Conza,"Complete waste of time, requires huge back end settings changes by users to even get working, Test Drive 5 was a better game in the early 00s, I don't care that its beta, its a piece of s*** wouldn't buy it for 1 cent, wasted 30 dollars, wouldn't even gift it to someone, terrible terrible game, not worth looking at."
76561198023521605,Not Recommended,244210,33964274,Posted: 1 August,all,Mr. SpeetTech 8808,"laggy game, not enough feel in the wheel....if you want something cheaper and more realistic go with rfactor2.....if you want good mx5 racing go with iracing."
76561198023932335,Not Recommended,244210,10615486,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,$urprisingly moist,thanks for all the good reviews on this pos geme that feels like im driving my grandmas car on ice in every corner unless im doing 7 yes 7 mph because if you go eny faster the poc front end pushes off the trac this game was a huge waste of my money  unless u like overpowered pianos that u cant turn DONTbuy this game it sucks !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198015375158,Not Recommended,244210,22790264,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Duncles253,"The raceing lines arnt dynamic, the controls are sloppy, the UI is clunky and looks bad.  And to top it off it's just not fun.With all the tracks and cars already unlocked Its a driveing around in circles simulator. Just not a game for me."
76561198014740723,Not Recommended,244210,10882075,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,ron,i' INSTALLED AND HAVE REINTALLED 4 TIME AND NOW WHAT IT OFF MY COMPUTER!  IT WILL NOT WORK AND ALL I GET IS A BLINKING BLACK MONITOR!  A REAL BIG WASTE OF MONEY!
76561197993201825,Not Recommended,244210,9393869,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,BOX,"Fun game, but needs proper mouse steering like Live For Speed has."
76561198035301364,Not Recommended,244210,9445003,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,금수저 지망생,something wrong..crick a main menuI can see a white screen..no more..nohting...$ 39.99 a white screen.....jejus..my money...Sorry I'm poor at English..
,Not Recommended,244210,13569009,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Sohberson,What the heck is this garbage engine sound? Literally unplayable
76561197989931560,Not Recommended,244210,33865306,Posted: 28 July,all,vomfell,This game sucks.  Vehicle control is awful.
76561198041332299,Not Recommended,244210,32325414,Posted: 10 June,all,shakysurgeon,"4.5 out of 10. Been out for years and still no controller support (undrivable with a controller, still have to use the d-pad to look around). Not much to the base game, Carreer is way short, races are only a couple laps long. There should be a note on the steam page and when you open the game that if you dont have a wheel then just close the game. Project Cars 1 and probably 2 is gonna be a better choice in my opnion."
76561198076205701,Not Recommended,244210,29571291,Posted: 29 January,all,Ron Swanson,craP!
,Not Recommended,244210,23838900,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Purging_Flame,"The reason I bought this game is because I heard it was similar to Project Cars. They are often compared and sometimes PC comes out as a winner, sometimes AC. So I decided to give Assetto Corsa a shot after having played Project Cars.Now I am really dissapointed.The game just seems amateuristic, menus aren't nice, no controller support in the menus, there's no background music and the graphics (unlike what some people may think) are not good in my opinion. At least not good compared to Project cars. The car models are good, but the environments look really dated, and even with the highest AA settings, there are still quite some jaggies. Also the lighting is better in PC in my opinion.I did quit the game after 2 races, so maybe I should have given it a little more time, but the races, the career, it all seems so bland and uninteresting.The gameplay, physics, etc. may be good, but these things really bother me. It looks and feels like an early access racing game from a small, new developer.Maybe I'm just too spoiled with Project Cars."
,Not Recommended,244210,27815931,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Hawkchanskiy,"well... I tried to find something good in this game comparing to iracing, rFactor, f1 2016 and project cars and i literally failed.-graphics (on my taste even iRacing have better graphics)-damage model (hit the wall on 300 kmph and yeah ull get a scratch on ur bumper)-interface (its like the ♥♥♥♥♥iest i ever experienced)-Singleplaer Career (what? I need to get enough points to switch to another ""series""? Lol ok. worst campaign ever)-suspension work+- Physics are ok. Sometimes weird sometimes bad sometimes good. Bad when it comes to bumps and suspension work good when it comes to slides. FFB helps to feel it but i had MUCH BETTER FFB experience in iRacing FULL MONZA Course for example)+ yeah its cheap. U dont have to pay subscription fee as in iRacing but  u still have DLC's to buy.+ tracks looks legitoverally i would give 6.5/10. When 10 is unreachable at the corrent state of racing sims 8 is a stronk sims like iracing and 4 is a good arcades.History: i bought this game once and requested refund. Then i decided to give it another try and i really did but still i dont like it and probably wont play it much"
,Not Recommended,244210,34374376,Posted: 20 August,all,JustMyBanana,I payed 40 euros for this game where I need to be clean driver so I can join to half of all servers ( ABC classes ) available because I'm not the best driver in the world
76561198089342443,Not Recommended,244210,34672196,Posted: 1 September,all,Aldrino12343,Game dosen´t start just a loss of money. Im ANGRY!!!!!
76561198058631018,Not Recommended,244210,31941235,Posted: 24 May,all,dvdblueray,"I have an oculus rift and steam says this game is not vr compatible, even though it says it has support for oculus rift, htc vive and osvr. Other than that the game works well with logitech g27 wheel. I will change my review when vr works."
76561198001744542,Not Recommended,244210,10144917,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,TheonlyReaper,"DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY!!plenty of other PC driving games out there that are MUCH better. unfortunatly my hoped for this game were to be basically a pc version of forza. THERE ARE NO PC RACING SIMS! they all are verry unrealistic and handling models are whak!pitty cant get a refund, will continuie playing nfs: shift"
,Not Recommended,244210,11580416,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Cpt CoolVille,I can not believe i payed full price for this game..Where do i begin? when the game released it was playable.. but not in its current state would i ever recomend this game to anyone! cars handle like bricks every vehicle understears drifting feels like you are loosing control on ice. the only thing that is nice about this game is the looks and even then half the time the textures don't full load and im looking at a blurry mess. i really hop at some point this game is fixed but till then this is going in the garbage folder.
,Not Recommended,244210,33071546,Posted: 1 July,all,Jeff n Sons Quick Lube,♥♥♥♥♥game
,Not Recommended,244210,24064583,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Acorn1010,A disappointing and difficult to navigate UI makes this game leave a bad taste in my mouth.
76561197973309155,Not Recommended,244210,29915185,Posted: 13 February,all,"Hey, Vsauce",What a waste of money.
76561198056104559,Not Recommended,244210,9974130,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,XxTOMxX94,dO NOT BUY THIS GAME IT IS NOT VERY GOOD AT ALL
,Not Recommended,244210,9384621,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Pasha,my all dream is dead after play :(
76561198158387858,Not Recommended,244210,24578982,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,tylerpursley3,"If you are a fan of iracing, this is not the game for you. Keep paing the montly subscriptrion, it is worth it compared to this games limited content and poor driving feel."
76561198036180635,Not Recommended,244210,9716958,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,trimm_11,"Worst driving game I have ever played. Seems to be riding the Project Cars buzz but it's clearly not a good racing game. The cars slide around corners at 45 miles an hour, The AI treats you like your not even on the track and the options are lackluster. I enjoy sim racing games but I never know what my car is doing in this game. My G27 Race wheel freaks out and rotates for no reason. Stay away from this game at all cost and just wait for project cars."
,Not Recommended,244210,35203450,Posted: 25 September,all,⎝Jon⎠,♥♥♥♥ing terrible
76561198057659044,Not Recommended,244210,23348843,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,lurch1066,"Prosamazing support for wheel and all accessories inc 3 pedals and shifter.looks goodcareer seem bigConsA.I is hardA.I is better than youA.I cant be turned down unless using file manipulationi played this game for an hour. setting up wheel, gear shifter and pedals took 10 mins.i spent a bit of time in time trial getting use to the cars. i bought the dlc just to get my fave car The AE86.Once i'd done in time trial i moved over to career and thats where everything fell to♥♥♥♥♥♥The A.I is amazing. I cant keep up i did 3 races coming 8th twice and quit once i got lapped in the last one. With no way to turn A.I down a few pegs to make it fun i gave up."
,Not Recommended,244210,24564614,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Crownasaurus,"In short - if you want a game which is realistic in almost every regard, this is for you. If you want a 'racing game' you will be disappointed, as it's truly awful for the casual user.There's no denying that this game looks amazing. Running at maximum resolution and detail the cars look absolutely stunning and with some screenshots you'd be hard pushed to decide whether it was the real thing under some artsy camera filter.I am a huge car fan, and after getting a taste for it in NFSU2 more than a decade ago, I've been searching for a game where it was possible to customise your car. Modify, upgrade and tweak and then test the difference on the track. This game allows you to adjust practically any feature of your car you could in real life, and the descriptions of what you're altering (camber, return rates etc) will be handy for anyone who's not as into cars.However it falls into the same trap that all 'technically correct' racing games do. They forget that when you're driving a car through a pad, or through a keyboard there is no feel. You can't feel the back end slipping, the suspension doing it's job or any number of other cues that you'd get driving in real life. This game tries to faithfully recreate real life handling, but seems to forget in doing so that it's supposed to be a game. I don't want complete clown, cartoon handling but at the same time I don't want to learn to drive over again except this time without the aid of any feedback from the vehicle and based on what some programmer thinks physics is like. It's simply not enjoyable - I haven't got hours upon hours to practice getting a feel for it. I just wanted some a game with excellent graphics and lots of cars to play around with - not someone's attempt at creating the worlds most beautiful, technically accurate but fundamentally dull physics simulator."
76561198089384978,Not Recommended,244210,25673041,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,arup_taluk,MOST BOGUS. AFTER SPENDING LOT OF MONEY GAME DOES NOT START.  CAN ANY ONE HELP
76561198037686956,Not Recommended,244210,15918892,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,oO AC3UK Oo,sucks big time enough said!!!!
,Not Recommended,244210,31329902,Posted: 23 April,all,Grimm Reaper,"I'll tell you what I told Steam Refunds: ""I would rather stab myself in the eyes with bamboo skewers than play this game.""The simulation is awful and the graphics are surprisingly worse than Project Cars."
,Not Recommended,244210,18471828,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Officer Bongbrady,"Terrible. Absolutely terrible, graphics are bad, physics are bad, rough translations are bad, car selection is bad, user interface is bad and what is it with every car bouncing around for no reason?"
76561197970917611,Not Recommended,244210,23145737,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Mort.!,"Would love to say this game is worth every penny, and it used to be but since the last update its worth it if you like playing with menus because thats all you get , the actual racing wont load"
,Not Recommended,244210,32326381,Posted: 10 June,all,vpd,its♥♥♥♥♥
76561198071462402,Not Recommended,244210,34406182,Posted: 21 August,all,Tom,Large portion of game is DLC content that needs to be bought separately.
,Not Recommended,244210,26293057,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,The Cilit Bang Man with the Plan,Payed quite abit for this boring piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Very limited amount of cars and maps to play...of course unless you give more money to the devs to drive some♥♥♥♥♥♥cars for a couple minutes.
76561198023477784,Not Recommended,244210,34400390,Posted: 21 August,all,SuprèmeBootyGod,"great driving experience ( only with a nice gaming wheel )lacks of environment graphicssounds are ♥♥♥♥♥♥cars dont break, bend or loose its partscheap quality DLC's for a high price ( Supra sounds like a Yaris )cars are boring ( ferrari,lambo and so on, needs jdm,german cars )"
76561198038916718,Not Recommended,244210,25967181,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Zielony nowicjusz,"lack of cars, lack of tracksnurburgring as paid dlci'd rather play GT6 or Dirt Rally"
76561198392718475,Not Recommended,244210,34226313,Posted: 13 August,all,jau001,"Definitely displeased with this game and wish I could get my money back. Horrible handling, physics are way off and drive you nuts trying to steer through corners. The drift section of the game is what has me most dissapointed. Expected an actual drift experience, but the tires stay gripped to the road like regular racing and have no steering capabilities. Stick to Forza and Need For Speed everyone!!"
,Not Recommended,244210,28367043,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,AlienRacing,"If you play Dirt Rally and want to keep your settings, don't play this game.  I installed it and set up the wheel settings to get it working and it completely destroyed months of tunig for Dirt Rally.  The game was OK but again I am back to Dirt Rally.NOT RECOMMENDED"
,Recommended,244210,8035628,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,dubbsta78,"so far its ok i was despereate for a sim with gt6 coming out and on reseve and happed to buy a new rig i started looking for pc sims r3e was pretty impressive to visually stunning great sounds but bad pricing so i found this, jumping at the chance to get a pc sim at a great price i gave them my money and ditched my old friend gt6. ac looks a hell of a lot better than any gt title thats a given but not as good as r3e imo nor the sounds. game play wise i dont feel the speed so much maybe due to openess of the tracks (would like to see some city tracks too) but turn into corners seem impossible unless your driving at 20 mph this game makes me feel like i dont know how to drive. even at 50 mph im skidding out. well its still beta and theres lots of improvements to be made and i already put my money and faith in them so i hope it shapes up damn i want my gt6 nowas of right now i dont recomend it unless you wanna get frustratedupdate:well i gotta say, i take everything negative i said back, this is the best game hands down ive ever played, thanks to alot of important tweeking the game feels amazing nothing compares. the biggest tweek was unchecking lock to horizon that was a huge one for me. i cranked up all 3 gforce settings, camera shake, ffb gain, and some others but man... huge improvement better judgement and more realistic this game is unbelievable!!!!"
76561198143070435,Not Recommended,244210,12593611,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,gbkelsey,"Kinda lost with this, I'm in the online simrace crowd so simulators is what I'm after, but for some reason despite the smooth pretty graphics I get no sensation of speed in Assetto Corsa?Driving along I almost fall asleep at the wheel.......so boring :(Early access so I'll give it every chance to improve."
,Not Recommended,244210,28841233,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Simonhez,"good racing game... a RWD having bad understeer and a AWD behaving like a RWD with a very lively rear end.My only point of reference is my driving experience and my years of playing Grand Turismo. By that view I would say the simulation isn't quite on point with that I was expecting and as such, I cannot recommend it as a Racing Sim."
,Not Recommended,244210,32175470,Posted: 4 June,all,FreddieFrancas,"I have ran two circuits (Monza and SPA) but that was enough to make my mind up. Cars are floating. There is no sense of handling, nor speed. It is simply horrible, no joy! Aaaa! Help!This is nowhere close to DriveClub, Forza or Project Cars."
76561198052347334,Not Recommended,244210,23924367,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,ncoe51048,"I find this game frustrating, being rammed off the road in a simulation game just seems far to 'arcady' to me. Very irritating."
,Not Recommended,244210,31835316,Posted: 18 May,all,Ketsa,"If you are buying this for VR, have a wheel because controllers aren't natively supported in the main menu or sub menus in the races.I bought this for VR and I'm dissapointed, my xbox controller doesn't function in the menus, it makes racing in VR impossible as I have to take my headset off and walk over to my mouse every time. First I have to reset seat position so that I can see the menus. By the time I get back to my chair in the middle of my room everyone has taken off and I'm in last place. It's fun outside of VR but whats even the point? Once you go VR its hard to go back to regular non vr games, especially when its very good. Such a shame, why cant controllers just work? I'm not mad I'm just dissapointed. Maybe if its fixed I will give it another shot."
,Not Recommended,244210,24052714,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,TheeMrPatrick,"No HTC Vive support. Got my HTC Vive and G27 sitting here, can't make use of it.There may be many positive things about this game, but for me personally, no proper VR support kills the game and I thus do not recommend this game to anyone else who has the HTC Vive."
,Recommended,244210,8761488,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Trotskiii3,"~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~#SCRAP PREVIOUS COMMENTS~#~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~You dont even want to see my last commentsanyway. Assetto corsa. Is Brilliant. To really appreciate this game you MUST get a steering wheel. in fact after getting my steering wheel. A Logitec Driving Force GT wheel. i have to say. every racing game needs a wheel. especially sim racers. i was one of thsoe who played everything with my xbox360 controller. and with racing games you never get a true excitign experience with your xbox360 controller. You really need a steering wheel. i cant express how much i mean that. assetto corsa is best played with a steering wheel. and once you play it this way you wont go back to using controller ever agian. if only i could use my steering wheel in the shooters. lol. obviously not. but, when you experience a reallyy good steering wheel, it just shows you how far on games have come. You really must play the game with a wheel. i played it before and i hated it. that was because my controller just wasnt good enough. Get a wheel and really experience driving. with this brilliant simulation racing game Asetto corsa. Great game,"
76561198121706581,Not Recommended,244210,12424971,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,TomJhPage,"for some reason this game just wont start up. no error message, i just press play and nothing happens"
76561198213137371,Not Recommended,244210,25937847,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Alan Lau,"I've played iRacing, bought AC and Dirty Rally and now pCars. Initially I was put off by the negative reviews of pCars and bought AC and later DR. Dissappointed with the adapted Vive experience of these two sims, I bought pCars yesterday with native Vive support. Purely with the Vive mind, I was totally surprised by pCars. It feels and plays great in VR. AC and others should be ashamed of themselves for siding with Rift. Great job, pCars! You gave me my best VR sim driving experience on my Vive. If you're like me looking for the best VR racing sim on the Vive, I do not recommend AC."
76561198042913113,Not Recommended,244210,23059198,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,caidicus,"While this game seems to have an avid fanbase, and lots of people who swear by it, I can only speak for my own experience.I bought this game a long time ago, and I bought it because it had VR support. Imagine, a beautiful racing game with VR support. At the time, that was fascinating.What I didn't know was that they had ""temporarily"" removed VR support from the game, in the same week that I'd bought it. This meant that I would never get the chance to try it in VR, as they never added it back in, even months and months later.I can't tell you how the game works, how pretty it is, or how great the physics are, I've never actually played it.My ""not recommended"" is simply because they advertized it as ""SteamVR"" when I bought it, and it's never actually worked for me.Is the game good? I've heard it is. But, for me, this will remain on my library list as a sad reminder of a VR experience I was so excited to try, and never got the opportunity to.:*("
,Not Recommended,244210,26174208,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,next person to mention victoria,This game honestly feels like it should still be in early access. Vehicle models are nice but sounds are messed up. Plays absolutely horrible on a controller (plays kinda ok but who have to spend waaay too much time finding what works) if you don't feel like hooking up a wheel (making it pretty much necessary). Lack of music really makes the game seem stale. Car roster is very limited same with the tracks. Overall i would say buying this on sale of less than 60% is a waste of your money. I'm going back to Gran Turismo.
76561198192716381,Not Recommended,244210,30221845,Posted: 27 February,all,Will Scarlett,"Arcade race game, The developers of this wouldn`t know how a tire is changed let alone a tire model. Console arcade racing game and nothing more."
76561198387882119,Not Recommended,244210,32593189,Posted: 20 June,all,Mr Laff,"Experts only... i have tried every which way to take a corner but just spin off... I know this has had very good reviews, but should have said it is for experts only as this is awful for a gamer"
,Not Recommended,244210,13475710,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Da_Bradler,"Not arcadey enough, takes too much time to learn."
76561197970781512,Not Recommended,244210,24018538,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,*SAS* Silent Killer,"I Wasted £15 buying this garbage, career mode i absolute s**t and it is not good with a gamepad at all. AI is terrible they just smash into you and you lose control of the car, then they speed off with no way of catching them and they take the corners perfectly without any mistakes. I will not be buying this for console either. Save your money and dont waste it on this rubbish like i did."
76561198085747497,Not Recommended,244210,34431913,Posted: 23 August,all,KingDoro,Worst game i ever bought!!
,Not Recommended,244210,25181222,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Xyloritus,"When Forza Apex gets wheel support on pc this game will be obsolete. Low detail tracks (even after they improved them), screenshots look better than the game itself, many car variants are just copies so not many cars overall, no fun in career mode, the game is just a big practice mode without real racing feeling.If you want a complete racing game get Project CARS, Automobilista or Forza rather than this expensive physics simulator.edit:The game still sucks. Still low detail tracks, lighting on grass is unacceptable, copy pasted clouds are terrible."
,Not Recommended,244210,8769405,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,STOIC2,"I would not recommend this game.  The graphics and realism is great however for the price even though its a early access game is limited to little to no cars...supports drifting however none of the cars provided get the job done.  Where is all the actually good makes like Ford, Subaru, Nissan, Toyota....and so on this game does not really put the pedal to the floor board when it comes to actually worth the value.Maybe if they pushed more patches with more access to cars than showing they are not neglecting the game.  I have a feeling when this fully releases they will just let us have the current cars provided and have to buy all the other cars.  Try to make more out of a game that won't succeed at that point I will refuse."
,Not Recommended,244210,34870560,Posted: 10 September,all,Russ,"I tried, I really did, but this game has so many problems, and they are all the worst kind of lack of polish that ruins a game.1. I have to remove my Vive to use menus, then put it on again to race, then the Vive has to be recentered because every race is a new Vive session. That's probably 20 times in a couple hours of playing. You couldn't have made that clunkier.2. I can't assign racing wheel buttons. Want to pause the game, hide the UI, or reset the Vive's center? All undocumented, unchangeable keyboard bindings.3. Racing lines are useless. The AI doesn't follow them, and will beat you if you do. Learning the lines isn't going to earn you any wins.4. With default settings in the lowest difficulty, the AI is faster than you in straights and in corners. You can't ever catch up with driving assists on. What kind of beginner experience is that?After 300+ hours and 100% completion in Project Cars, I wanted to give this a try, and I can't even play it. They did a great job at making this NOT FUN."
,Not Recommended,244210,35232872,Posted: 26 September,all,babosos babooobjabob,"Overrated glitchy pile of steaming crap. Bad physics, weird force feedback, glitchy menus that don't save your settings half the time. The game and the menu are two different executables so one is likely broken. Weird resolution problems, Bad sound design, where all the cars sound terrible because they sound nothing like their real life counterparts. Way too many DLC cars, especially the cool and or drifty cars. Bad maps, bad developers that don't listen to their playerbase. If you're looking for a racing simulation game, buy dirt rally."
,Not Recommended,244210,8920682,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,chrizb,"ok, so time has passed, I have an i7 now, graphics card is a G980 and everything looks great(ish). Development has progressed and the game is GA. So I thought why not take another look. I failed to configure the G25 steering wheel properly (so input of 30 degree gets interpreted as 360 degree, I got interrupted in my off-line practice session by the game trying to connect to the internet after running for 15 minutes (no, not steem, that game did) and ontop of that I had 0 fun.I am not sure if its fair to call this a real issue (although these are issues for me), but I can't be asked with it. The menus are badly organised and poorly implemented, the automatic steering configuration stops working when I try to center the wheel, The driving is completly unrealistic (I can drive a lotus elise around Imola for real, but fail to do so in the game) and I have come to the conclusion it is just nmot for me.I am sure someone will point out something obvious like steering calibration, but I tried that in the game and it failed. No doubt this is all my fault again, but I am a user who paid money for this. I wish i hadn't.----original reviewIt seems that the trend of early releases continues, in line with other toxic internet trends. If you are looking for an enjoyable experience this game is n0t it. If you are looking for quality, look somewhere else. Aparently releasing limited, buggy code is ok. Asking for money for this is just laughable, yet I fell for it. Simply put, stay away unless you want to pay for testing privaledges, because that is what you are becoming, a paying tester. The driving is sluggish, the code is buggy as hell (I keep getting video setting alert from windows, that interfere with the code so everything stops working, there is no code optimisation to create a high performance race game - at least my 8 core computer, NVDIA 2GB, 8GB of RAM are not fast enough to make it past basic settings). To boot there is no racing, just trying to get good lap times. It is still a mess, and that is ok for a .5 version, but pleease don't make people pay for playing it. If you can't fund a development program, don't start it."
76561198002354981,Not Recommended,244210,8466848,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,DuctTapeNinja,"As it is right now, (Early Access Beta version 0.4) Assetto Corsa is not worth $2, much less the $30 I paid on the Winter Sale. Maybe when it's finally released it'll be playable, but as it is right now it's worthless. If you set it to any other resolution than your monitor's native resolution, it doesn't scale to fit the monitor, it simply covers less of the screen and no option/setting I've found (including a checkbox marked 'fullscreen') will change that. At least with the official Microshaft xbox 360 wired controller, the stock control presets don't work on it, and it won't let me set my own. The game also keeps forgetting my controller's even connected (I did boot up another game and play for a little while with my controller to make sure it wasn't the controller dying, and that game worked perfect with the controller). The assists settings don't work (Example - Turn off ABS, get onto the track and ABS is back on). The graphics are lackluster (Forza 3 level at best, even with the resolution in Assetto Corsa set to 1080p and all the goodies turned up) and the cars handle unrealistically. If they had this labeled as an arcade racer in alpha testing phase for <$1, it might be worth a try, but as it is, steer clear."
,Not Recommended,244210,34490621,Posted: 25 August,all,The Knife of Dunwall,Pathetic.
76561198024408391,Not Recommended,244210,16397718,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,soldierPC,Bad...really bad.
,Not Recommended,244210,12667010,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Go-Suzaku,"The game is beautiful and realistic concerning car handling and sound, but there is some flaws:- The time attack system is stupid, since when time attack is a matter of point ?- The IA are sometime super slow, and sometime super fast, even in the same race.- The penalties are non-sense, you miss your turn, get out of the track and got slow down by a penalty.I put a thumb down for these reasons."
,Not Recommended,244210,23157316,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Xarazych,"This game may be realistic if you have a racing wheel and pedals setup. Having only a controller, this game was impossible to control and was therefore not an enjoyable experience."
76561198080198010,Not Recommended,244210,30344986,Posted: 5 March,all,Pure_Genetic,absolute junk for controller if it ever got fixed i may be able to enjoy otherwise id like my money back. ive spent a lot of time trying to tune cars so they would steer but its just instant understeer. ive changed controller setting and still just useless. not looking to waste money on a wheel to make this game work
76561198052382995,Not Recommended,244210,8815662,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,foller123,"This game lacks any features this early in development the fact that it is 40 dollars disgusts me. I purchased this expecting an almost functional game, however the only things currently available are time trials with a few cars."
76561197967365181,Not Recommended,244210,23605669,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Aarthorn,"Awful game and complete waste of money. It's that bad I wouldn't even bother giving it to my son to play.The menu's are like an early alpha game that doesn't even have controller support.Once in a race it doesn't have the right feel. It's like your not really connected with the car.Very disappointed.But that all said, they have got the graphics and sound working really well."
,Not Recommended,244210,7724168,"Posted: 23 November, 2013",all,WüzzarD,"English Version:Hello Guys, Wüzzard here once more to show my, personal, point of view about this early acess game from Kunos Simulazioni.Let me state that i've personally vote yes for this game o Greenlight, and as soon as this got up i bought it. When i first bought this, i was really looking forward on this title, even tho i've paid the full US$ 40,00 on this and it only had 8 cars and 4 tracks. I must admitt i was a little disapointed by the quantity of cars in this game and the fact that they show screenshots, on the steam store, of cars that are not even in the game yet.I felt a little bit cheated because the cars i thought that they were cool enough for me to pay full price were not in the game, but i know it's an early acess and it will improve. But week over week Kunos is proving that we, as a comunity, should not buy games at early acess. They have realeased two patches since 11/23, date when i bought the game. Yes, they launched a bunch of cars in these two Updates. But they still took 2 weeks to release a small update as these two were. At this rate the game won't be complete as they promised until 2015, or worse.I'm not even mentioning the fact that you can only do hot laps on the game. I think a fair deal would be if this game had at LEAST a multiplayer. Who wants to run in circles with the same car for 2 hours without any competition, not even a leaderboard for you steam friends so you can ""compete"" with them, nothing.I trully believe that this game won't be as complete as it was said on ""kickstarter"" or wherever they sold this game as the best racing simulator for PC. What surprised me the most when I bought this title is that i believed in VVV and many other youtubers stating this was in fact the best Racing Simulator of today. They graded this as better then Forza 5. COME ON!!!If you don't know me i've played Forza 4, for a top leaderboard team. I've played forza 3 for months, played Gran Turismo 2 to 4, played all kinds of NFS, I have played the original Need For Speed from Road and Track and so on and I love this kind of ""simulation"" game. But this one as it stands don't deserve a spot in the sun. I hope you guys understand what I said and avoid this game. They don't deserve your money!Versão em Portugês:Fala galera do Hue, Wüzzard aqui mais uma vez para mostrar minha opnião, pessoal, sobre jogo de acesso antecipado que está sendo desenvolvido pela Kunos Simulazioni.Deixa eu deixar bem claro que eu fui um dos que votou positivamente para esse jogo no steam Greenlight, e assim que ele saiu eu o comprei. Assim que eu comprei esse jogo, eu estava com uma expectativa muito alta em cima desse titulo, embora eu tenha pago o preço full dele, R$ 77,99 e o jogo só tinha 8 carros e 4 pistas. Eu preciso admitir que eu fiquei um pouco decepcionado com a quantidade de carros disponíveis no jogo e pelo fato de que eles mostram Screenshots, na loja do steam, de carros que até hoje não estão no jogo.Eu me senti traído no inicio por que exatamente os carros que eu tinha achado interessante e que me fizeram pagar o preço full por esse título não estavam no jogo, mas eu sabia que era um jogo de acesso antecipado e que ele melhoraria com as atualizações. Mas semana após semana a Kunos está me mostrando que nós, a comunidade, não devemos comprar jogos em acesso antecipado. Depois que eu comprei o jogo em 23 de Novembro, eles liberaram dois patches. Tudo bem que eles liberaram um monte de carros nesses dois updates. Mas com uma expectativa de serem lançados patches a cada duas semanas e os poucos updates reais no jogo que cada update propociona, eu não espero que esse jogo esteja pronto antes de 2015, ou pior que o jogo não seja o que foi prometido, o que eu acho mais provável.Eu nem vou criticar muito o fato de o jogo só ter o modo hot lap, aquele que você sai em um circuito sozinho e tenta dar a volta mais rápida que conseguir. Eu acredito que o justo seria que esse jogo tivesse no MÍNIMO um modo multiplayer. Quem de verdade que ficar dando voltas a esmo com o mesmo carro por duas horas sem qualquer competição, nem ao menos uma leaderboard com os seus amigos do Steam para que você possa ""competir"" com eles, não tem nada disso.Eu realmente acredito que esse jogo não vai ser tão completo e perfeito como foi vendido por eles no ""kickstarter"" ou em qualquer lugar que eles tenham vendido esse produto como o melhor simulador de carros para PC. O que mais me surpreendeu quando eu comprei esse jogo é que eu realmente acreditei no VVV e vários outros youtubers que garantiram que esse era o melhor simulador de carros da atualidade. Que esse jogo seria inclusive melhor que o Forza 5. FALA SÈRIO!!!Se você não me conhece eu joguei Forza 4 por uma equipe TOP de leadorboard, sempre estivemos entre as 5 melhores da Leaderboard do jogo. Eu joguei o Forza 2 e 3 por muitos meses, joguei os Gran Turismo de 2 a 4, joguei quase todos os tipos de NFS, incluindo o título original ""Road and Track presents The need for speed"" e dai por diante. Eu gosto muito desse tipo de jogo de ""Simulação"". Mas esse jogo da maneira como está hoje e pelo prognóstico, sério, de que eu acredito que esse jogo não vai ser tão completo como eles prometeram, eu fico inclinado a dizer pra vocês que esse jogo não merece um lugar ao sol, muito menos sua vaga na Steam Store. Eu sinceramente espero que vocês entendam o motivo de eu ter perdido esse tempo todo para escrever isso aqui. E fiquem longe desse jogo por enquanto. A Kunos não merecem o seu dinheiro. Se um dia esse jogo melhorar eu certamente virei aqui e mudarei minha recomendação.NÃO COMPRE ESSA♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198015325080,Not Recommended,244210,9022685,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Typical Korean Gamer,"Gotta go slow,should be the motto of this game.I know it's a sim racing game...but damn it's so slow and boring.I tried all kinds of different set ups with this game (g 27 wheel) and it feels like you have to really  baby the car too much in turns.I wish this game had some sense of speed to it.Strange how the Race Room game has a much better sense of car speed then this game has.Racing games are hard to discribe the feel of a good game (it differs from person to person) but this game as of now,just does not have that feel of a good racing game imo."
76561197984935374,Not Recommended,244210,32593760,Posted: 20 June,all,superchicken,"Menu has no music, UI is confusing, most of the cars and tracks are DLC. The only thing that redeems this game is the graphics. Totally not worth your money."
,Not Recommended,244210,8587796,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,sarahlorienfarris,"Would I recommend this? No, not really. There isn't a huge variety of cars (if you're ok with that be my guest), the multiplayer and career mode is blocked out even though I purchased the full game, and only a few tracks. It has good graphics I'll give them that, but I was really expecting more. Not worth the full price of $39.99."
76561198041796005,Not Recommended,244210,9166530,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,[RNA] Nymann 1st/ Leader,DO NEVER EVER BUY THIS GAME ITS THE WORST NIGHTMARE I EVER GOT. DONT MAKE THE SAME FAIL JUST AS ME. ITS NOT EVEN RACING ITS A TERRORISM AND NOT THE WORLDST MOST REALISTIC DRIVING SIMULATOR. ITS 100%♥♥♥♥♥♥ 35 EURO'S FOR THIS GAME ITS ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T U CANT EVEN PLAY CARRER CANT USE ANYTHING DONT MAKE THE SAME MISTAKE DO NEVER EVER BUY IT I DONT KNOW IF I CAN GET THE MONEY BACK!
76561198131747296,Not Recommended,244210,17324384,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,panatha24,WITH ONE WORD!!!!PATHETIC!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!WORST DRIVING GAME EVER!!!!what you expected???because italians make some of the best cars in the world means that they can make a driving game too???the answer is a huge NOOOO!!!!do not spend your money here if you want to play a game with cars!!!!its almost impossible to play with joystick!!!!so if you are looking for a game like need for speed gran turismo or wrc or grid or something with cars do not buy this game!!!!buy a ps and buy gran turismo!!!!
,Not Recommended,244210,8682097,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Dennis Wreckahorse,there is no career and no multiplayer
76561198031634512,Not Recommended,244210,12621491,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,texasrangersUK,Rubbish AI.  Not a patch on forza and GT.If the AI improves then I will recommend the game. The AI at the moment makes this game unplayable for me. Its a shame because the graphics and the physics are really good.
76561198039308770,Not Recommended,244210,8896184,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Dimylame,"Good graphics, Other than that not worth the money. I wish i could be refunded. Need for speed shift 2 is a better game."
76561197997444898,Not Recommended,244210,12674159,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Falcon10275,...
76561197975189585,Not Recommended,244210,25700298,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,lockinvar,"Can't see why this is getting any positive reviews, the setup & gameplay are terrible, even RF1 is better, tried a race adainst AI's the stutter made it almost unplayable, couldn't find a setting to stop the game from auto shifting. they concentrated too much on asthesiatics rather the on gameplay."
,Not Recommended,244210,31313983,Posted: 23 April,all,Popeye The Sailor,"I Dont like this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ thing... It took me 15 minutes to figure out how to start a race, you need to spend money for steering wheel, your mouse is at the screen the whole time you race,  controls = S H I T, also the first time i started a race i fell under a map GG. I dont reccomend this game. Every time a game is not good reviews are like BLOWING of positivity ... LIke WTF ? This game is not fkin good...."
76561198325362581,Not Recommended,244210,25154595,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Djrj121400,♥♥♥♥ing bull♥♥♥♥♥♥i downloaded this game twice it wont open the game downloaded everything it needs and it wont run the game when i click play it says running syncing and then doesnt do anything and im♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off
76561198117009622,Not Recommended,244210,26470292,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,mugetsu88,"I played and loved driveclub, then i tried this and project cars both on pc and hated them both."
76561198070537513,Not Recommended,244210,12635412,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,tothewastelands,"I have be Honest if I only got this Game to drive the lotus_49 and the Ferrari's as they are not in my other Race Sims and this Game has a long way to go as it has a lot of flaws in it, it feels and drives like GTR and GT Legends and is Graphically behind GTR 2 after I got the Game I went to Spa My favorite Track and compared it with Shift Unlashed and Shift 2 wins hands down and is still still my favorite and if I could only have one it would be Shift 2 Unleashed ,Most people are not going to enjoy it as it is unfriendly to game pads as well as AI Cars that will Knock them of the track and cause them penalty's or even get them disqualified ,I have raced in the real world and my car never behaved this sloppy it pulled 180 and change on I-95 and broke traction at 100 mpr in 5th gear if You have not tried Shift 2 You should as it has it al over this Sim endless Cars and Beautiful tracks I wish I could get my money back as this Game is not what it climes to be it is old news and not worth the price"
,Not Recommended,244210,34423536,Posted: 22 August,all,Crazyish,"I will never start up this game again.. -.-Looks fine enough with VR... Just not the slightest bit enjoyable..The controllers are horrid both on keyboard and xbox controller.And on top of that, the cars will do things a real car could not, like ""straighten"" it self out in a completely impossible dir, while being purposely turned around.. etc.And to top that off, there are no Volvo brand cars :("
76561198110843706,Not Recommended,244210,13560466,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,player_867,you can't customize the controls
,Not Recommended,244210,28397959,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,к͒н͊,"Lacks content, refunding."
,Not Recommended,244210,23897680,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,FunkyWhenImHigh,"wow if you like real racing games dont buy this, its trash, worst so called sim, ive ever played, makes gran turismo 3 look awesome, and well thats a real bad racing game so damn even the first forza it 500time better then this.... how do i get a refund??????????????????"
,Not Recommended,244210,25648789,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Nebby,"Tried the VR support again, for the first time in a long time. It's the main reason I bought his game. It still doesn't work at all on my DK2. The game took about 8 minutes to load a race and then crashed my video driver and I had to kill the task.Don't buy it for VR on the expectation that VR support is ""WIP"" as there doesn't seem to have been any progress in a long time. Can't speak to the rest of the game."
76561198060690032,Not Recommended,244210,27990494,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,xXxSm0K3W33dALLD4YxXx,"Years later and still no console friendly UI and still feels like a sketchup of a game.Please, import console UI so it's more controller friendly."
76561197972037615,Not Recommended,244210,33205356,Posted: 3 July,all,ryansl,Game controls suck with the keyboard.  Most other driving games are great.   Whatever they did to this one didn't follow the norm.
76561198026819102,Not Recommended,244210,30363385,Posted: 6 March,all,Skarred,"the game is advertised as vr, its not. its just an ordinary 2d game displayed on a cinema screen"
,Not Recommended,244210,26564212,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,FAKE NEWS,this si a very bad game
76561198036509553,Not Recommended,244210,33891273,Posted: 29 July,all,roverpirate,really crap. waste of money. project cars is much better!
,Not Recommended,244210,35066503,Posted: 19 September,all,Sean,decent but hard with controller
,Not Recommended,244210,24017999,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,DanAllenGaming,WTF
,Not Recommended,244210,32098152,Posted: 31 May,all,Unknown,Bad
,Not Recommended,244210,8533560,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Россия сосать,"No ocuslus rigfy supert, no(/10 do nty vbuy"
76561198141407729,Not Recommended,244210,25804510,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,....,"After playing the game for over an hour, I personally think that some of the cars don't handle like they should and it makes the game very difficult to play.When I bought the game, it cost £29.99, which I think is too much for what it is. I am aware the price has now gone down but even now I think it is still too much.However, the graphics are pretty good but overall I just feel it isn't worth the money it asks for, mainly due to the fact that some cars are pratically uncontrollable with my G27 and the game is just the same thing over and over again.Tried to refund this game but steam decided not to let me.... :("
76561198052734764,Not Recommended,244210,24048981,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,带带大师兄,"Worst ""Racing Game"" I have ever played, more like a Driving simulator not a racing game, also is unuseable without owning a £200+ sterring wheel, TERRIBLE!"
,Not Recommended,244210,32724203,Posted: 24 June,all,Kalden,Unplayable without a very expensive racing wheel. A bad sim!
76561198198886118,Not Recommended,244210,25982790,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,A Blue Squishy Thing,Worst driving game i have ever played...0/10
76561198006301035,Not Recommended,244210,28818394,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Cryotitan,no.better you try and lose weight eating at McDonalds.
,Not Recommended,244210,25671331,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,FlammbleDuck,this game is♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,244210,23210708,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Boizez,♥♥♥♥♥
76561198268167174,Not Recommended,244210,32118785,Posted: 1 June,all,ronbruewer,"Not a good game. Do not bother. One of the worst racing games I have ever played.  I am an avid iracer. Everything about it sucks. Please do not buy. Total garbage. The ""menu"" if you can call it that is bad, car handling is bad, no sense of speed at all.  If you thought project cars sucked try this out!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,244210,35088621,Posted: 20 September,all,Captain W0W,"I can't recommend this. Yes it's very moddable, yes it runs on potatoes, yes it probably has really realistic handling, but as someone who has enjoyed racing games pretty much since birth and doesn't have a wheel set yet, I didn't have fun with this.I really wanted to like this too, after seeing videos on how good the game looked and supposedly how realistic it was, I was excited to get my hands on it. I was so confident that it was going to be good I bought the ""dream packs"" or whatever with it (I see the McLaren F1 and I cream, what can I say?) but I found the payoff for fun in this game is probably long after my attention span. I had the feeling that this was going to be a nice mesh between Gran Turismo and Project Cars with the mod support of a GTA game, so I was excited to jump into it.So as you can imagine the game didn't set a good first impression. Ugly, complicated and unresponsive UI, DLC baiting for cars aside (which I'll get onto), I eventually jumped into a track and a car and I was off. Although to word it better, I was off into a wall.There is little to no feel of the cars in the game, the only sense it did right was speed, which is very good, but there's literally nothing in the cornering. Steering is either way too floaty or way too quick no matter how you fiddle with the settings. That's another problem with Assetto Corsa, it feels like you need to spend way too much time setting this game up to enjoy it. The layout of the UI looks like a deep fried♥♥♥♥♥♥and feels like it too, with menus floating and moving slowly when you want to change anything really. I couldn't tell where anything was or how anything worked either adds insult to injury. If you can't tell from my play time it really didn't take me too long to figure this out and if it wasn’t as half-baked I probably would have taken more time on it. I spent enough time building my own PC to play games, I don't want to sit around for too long to make a game work. I understand that working on games when you install them is a given for PC games and I honestly don't mind putting some time into them if they pay off, but from my setup it didn't work well. I use an Xbox One controller for anything that doesn't involve shooting, so don't go off and tell me I need a wheel and a VR headset to fully enjoy it or I'm an idiot for using a controller. Games should be accessible for all people no matter what they have, it's what makes them fun. I shouldn't need to sink hundreds of pounds on extra peripherals for a game to fully enjoy it, especially if it's already over £20 and still wants you to buy loads of DLC.What's sad is that I can tell a lot of effort was put into this. The graphics looked really nice and everything that isn't a menu is dripping with detail, from car interiors to billboards and, well, any texture really. Cars have their own little biographies, and for the cars I drove none of them fall short in quality to another, which is something many racing games don't do nowadays.If you want moddablility with a realistic physics engine and don't have a wheel, I would recommend Beam.ng Drive, it's cheaper and has soft-body crash physics. That game is more of a physics sandbox with cars but it still has a nice choice of toys and entertainment to let you mess about with in the sandbox as soon as you jump into the game, so much so that I even forgot there were little missions and scenarios to do. Beam's UI isn’t perfect either but at least I can tell what everything is. The cars there aren't licenced (not that it's a problem) but they feel believable in handling, even if they don't turn on a dime and have short brake distances like other racing games portray them to. It also has a huge, semi-serious modding community, as some people aren't just there for the car crash porn."
76561198011612556,Not Recommended,244210,7932538,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,WhoDat,"The game is bad, the FFB is awful.  The AI has to be the worst I've ever tried in a racing game.  Horrible.Found out there will be no dynamic lighting and NO nightracing.Some cars feel like they turn on a centre axis and have zero feeling from the front of the car.  Like the car doesn't have any weight on the front tires.  The tire model is from the old generation racing sims.The UI for changing the car setup is awful.   Landmines that make the car flip over for no reason.  When the AI touches you you go flying off the track.  Updates that aren't updates at all.  Just a bunch of fluff.  Save your money and buy something else.It's Forza for the PC but with alot less cars, buggy AI and a crap load of other bugs mixed in.   Save your money."
76561198341970846,Not Recommended,244210,28511905,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,joemc515,"Will not install on two pc's i have, tried for over a week. error 1008 etc etc etc...save your money. Bag of snakes."
,Recommended,244210,7768284,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,calderracrusade,"Yesterday I hopped in a car and hit the track, and next time I looked up to check the lap board and see how I was doing I was fifteen laps into a run and ready for another set. That is driving zen. The physics are great, and content is constantly updating, so this look like a strong contender in the next generation of racing sims. Right now content focuses a little too heavily on Italian cars and Italian tracks, which makes sense since this is an Italian developer, but I'm sure things will branch out soon, and the developers seem very friendly to modded content.Editing previous review: When this game first hit Steam, the throttle mappings for the cars were awful and this made it very difficult to get a feel for the cars. At that time, I gave the game a negative review. As this issue has been resolved, I'm changing my vote. If you were holding off on playing or buying because of this issue, it's time to pull the trigger."
,Not Recommended,244210,34417951,Posted: 22 August,all,BRRAAAP,Waste of money. You pay 30 dollars for this game just ro realize that almost every single car is a dlc and they  arent even cheap dlc's. Theres like 10 cars you have and the 100 others are dlc. Waste of money...
,Not Recommended,244210,28753276,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,SEND NUDES,IT SUCKS
76561198018138265,Not Recommended,244210,8062090,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Crazy Polar Squirrel,the game is pretty bad right now
,Not Recommended,244210,12724615,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Alex Terrible,Im just saying this game... sucks donkey♥♥♥♥♥♥♥edit: I KNOW i may been a little harsh..so i will try it again
76561198064819592,Not Recommended,244210,7835005,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,[FR] Ride the Lightning,"A mis du sport auto passez votre chemin ... le jeu est certe beau, mais vraiment mal foutu au niveau de la maniabilité, impossibilité de regler la sensibilité de braquage, rapport ""semi"" manuel et j'en passe . Reaction des voitures surrealiste a croire que les concepteur ne sont jamais monté dans une vrai voiture ...Bref pour resumé, un jeu moisi qui ne vaut pas la peine de debourser 24 e !!!"
76561197961372384,Not Recommended,244210,8124483,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Saint 1.0,"This is not a very good racing sim even for an early beta version. not impressed, wish i had never spent my money on this garbage"
76561198204068665,Not Recommended,244210,25125161,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,null,I want a refund
,Not Recommended,244210,32710316,Posted: 23 June,all,kemiikaziiq8-,horable game
76561198056974544,Not Recommended,244210,15440069,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,fishmilkshake,"Terrible game, save your money, totally unrealistic physics...I regret buying it, in fact the worse purchase of any pc game I've ever played, I say game because its certainly not a simulation."
,Not Recommended,244210,28548090,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,ORC4FI5H,bad
,Not Recommended,244210,34408728,Posted: 21 August,all,World Peace ☮,yo this  game succs like a craiglist hoker ayyyy♥♥♥♥♥♥sound grpahics n gameplay n ui its gay for homersexuals
,Recommended,244210,9376805,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,HS[Linux],Great simulator. With every update it gets even more realistic.
,Recommended,244210,10264383,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Friedrich,"Not even finished yet and it's still the best racing simulation I've ever played. The incredible physics mean the cars handle like you expect them to. To top it off, I cannot commend the devs enough for leaving it open to the modding community."
,Recommended,244210,7643906,"Posted: 12 November, 2013",all,joblodorifto,"For when you want something more realistic than Gran Turismo, but can't quite handle iRacing yet."
76561198129250224,Recommended,244210,9683551,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Munch517,"After the recent updates I'd say this game is finally worth the price tag. It's still lacking in car and track selection and the graphics on things other that cars are still subpar. Also, anyone playing with a 360 controller will have a difficult time. The physics and car models are great though, and I think the developers can be trusted to continue to improve the game."
76561198136788633,Recommended,244210,10322142,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,kfm_,"The hype isn't just.. hype.  This sim is fantastic, the physics are as good as everyone says.  I was on the fence about this one for a while, but it seemed like every single review I looked it, it was being highly praised, even from people who were skeptical at first.  The common theme seems to be that if you pull the trigger, you won't regret it, and I agree.  Racing with the F40 with custom sounds on a user created Nordschleife just felt right, and scared the crap out of me, which is something a ""game"" hasn't done for me in a long time.Two thumbs way up for this one, I guarantee that if you buy it you won't regret it."
76561198116571150,Recommended,244210,10309063,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Gdub367,awesome game
,Recommended,244210,30397200,Posted: 8 March,all,todestool 31,"When i try to go into a practice session or all of the modes for that fact i cant get into them, they all just kick me back to the previous scree. Someone tell me how to fix it"
76561198040173313,Recommended,244210,9308634,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Dead_eye,A racing simulator that will be a talking point in the future! Great product by Kunos
76561198073626336,Recommended,244210,10115308,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,skyrunr10k,"One of the best interfaces around, but there is a lot of duplication and it could be a lot more simple.  The variety is nice, the cars look great, and the cars sound pretty good.It is a lot of fun but I just can't get past the 30mph penalties after you go off course or getting spun out by the AI.  You already lose speed by going off course.  Sometimes I even get tapped off the course by the AI and lose 6 places or more.  Other times I might intentionally dip a tire keeping two on the track and get a penalty.  Without some real magic you're not likely to get on the podium.  I'm all for realism, but I don't recall real cars slowing down after they get back on the track.  The rumble strips seem a bit too violent/high in some places.  ADD AN OPTION TO DISABLE THE PENALTIES!  I only race with good players so I'm not worried about people cutting.  Or at least make them less annoying.I have to rate this positive, but in all honesty I'll be playing something else.I couldn't find the option for a virtual rearview mirror, but that is absolutely necessary for clean online racing.  The indicator triangles are a neat idea but no replacement for a mirror because you can't see the line or rate of approach."
76561197992424843,Recommended,244210,10062852,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Dan Minton,The Daddy ..for now.
,Recommended,244210,10079015,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,neopheX,"A great sim, early access so expect some issues though the dev team are very informative and active on their forums. Can't wait till it get's a lot more refined (i use the word a lot loosely) and polished."
76561198007277925,Recommended,244210,8647251,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Rono190,Awesome Sim So far...
76561198078756225,Recommended,244210,8034504,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,tomfasano1998,"anyone knows why ever time i enter in the game, and click to play, a white screen appears????"
76561198095603155,Recommended,244210,8050164,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,timbo,Most realistic racer FACT   This is how cars should handle not like the main console efforts
76561198008194547,Recommended,244210,8064912,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,JughedJones,Incredible stuff
,Recommended,244210,8124465,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Mk4UmHa,Buy Buy Buy!
76561198106667500,Recommended,244210,8410886,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,BACONOCUS PRIME,"The physics in this game are crazy, you actually feel the character of each car while racing in comparison to the forza series where a lot of cars seem very similar. Even though this is an early access game, it is very fun to race and drift with the available cars. Can't wait to see what the next updates bring!"
76561197972077216,Recommended,244210,8411004,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,bbman,"I have bought pretty much every racing sim out there. This is one sim on a very short list that feels right to me, and that at such an early stage! The handling is like you would expect a car to be: easy to drive under the limit, but very challenging to find the last tenths, hundreths and thousandths. If they can iron out the last few kinks and add the missing features in the quality they showed up until now, this truly will be the benchmark to beat."
76561198000292993,Recommended,244210,8412457,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Hugapug,The best.
76561198063042991,Recommended,244210,8431810,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,madmecca,great game cant wait for the full game to come out but if this is anything to go by its good to be superb
76561197996778267,Recommended,244210,8433043,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Love Story,Nice FFB!
76561198113683812,Recommended,244210,8436434,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,gary500001,"I can't get my thrustmaster shifter to work properly, I can get the paddle shifters to work? It recognized the shifter and allowed the programming of each gear, but it would not shift properly on the car, also, I don't like how car shifts for you when you redline, it should just stay red lined until you shift. I don't wan't to give a bad review because this game is still in the building stage."
,Recommended,244210,8441193,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,SkillWorks,Worth to buy!
,Recommended,244210,8442988,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Prosiris,"I'd like to add a bit of a warning with this game. I got it during a Steam sale for pretty cheap, so I really don't mind, but the ""Final Release"" of this game is pretty limited. Only a handful of tracks and cars with DLC already planned for additional cars and tracks. You can go to their website for a list of cars and tracks included in the final version. Just wish Steam would have had more of a disclaimer for what was included in final version.Other than that game is pretty awesome. Great physics and what not. Works excellent with G27 wheel."
76561198039685194,Recommended,244210,8494150,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,pkambhampati,"AC is *by far* the best racing sim I have tried so far. My points of compariison are: Need for Speed regular series, NFS Shift series, Simraceway, GTR Evolution, F1 2012.F1 2012 and the regular NFS series are the entry level. The NFS series is very good and is under rated due to the assumption of it being similar to their ""Chase"" or whatever arcade type games. But NFS Shift 2 is great. GTR is fine but old. I have not tried Forza or Gran Tourismo but I figure each of the major players are more or less the same: NFS Shift 2, Forza, GT.Simraceway is supposed to be for racers and some model like iRacing. The physics is probably more realistic than NFS Shift. But the driving is less satisfying. It is hard to drive Simraceway  but it feels off.But Assetto Corsa is so much better than anything else I have tried so far. It offer so much more realism than every platform noted above. It works because it does few cars and few tracks but does each spectacularly well. Moreover it spends processor speed on physics and not appearance. Meaning, it looks pretty good. But no better than NFS Shift 2 which is not new. But the physics is so much more advanced. This is where they spend processor resources. And man does it work.The cars feel wonderfully realistic and rich. This is the best money you will spend on a racing sim!!!"
76561198042184342,Recommended,244210,8495447,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Special K,One of the first racing simulators in a long time to give the same feel as iRacing for me. The feel of the cars and tracks is amazing and the feeling of speed and distance is fantastic.
76561197970797763,Recommended,244210,8516079,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Gurpster,"Never thought this was going to be as good as it is.  This was a first time buy under greenlight and to see this game grow over the weeks i have had it is just amazing. I'm using a G25 and the game makes very good use of it better then any console has even GT6.Can't wait to see what in store as this game goes into the final release over the next few months, drag racingis just to hard at the moment but hopefully this will improve with time."
76561197987256386,Recommended,244210,8517941,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Herr-Konzept,"Assetto Corsa is the first racing simulation game, that I find very accurate to real life (only missing G-forces). For a petrolhead like me, it is a blast to drive around circuts in this game. I highly recommend Assetto Corsa for a person who values realism in a racing game and plays with a steering wheel."
,Recommended,244210,8519523,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,SlickMoney,"Beautiful, fast, and from an excellent developer. If you want realism, this will be the place to get it."
76561198106577546,Recommended,244210,8520314,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,maxmartin334,the view it stays the same every time
76561197961357604,Recommended,244210,7622807,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,GuileSN,"Best driving simulation ever, period !!"
,Recommended,244210,8539233,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,ZenNinja,"Amazing simulator, cutting edge.Never had so much fun with my G27 since.....ever.Reccomend to anyone with a wheel!"
76561198000714979,Recommended,244210,8539853,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Butters Stotch,"The best driving simulator I've ever seen. It gives you a real sense of the track and the car. The graphics and audio are excellent. Each car has it's own distinct feel and sound and each track has it's own character. And by the way, I like that you can simply pick a car and track and hit the road. The fully customizable HUD is ingenious, you can pick the overlays you want and position them wherever you want on the screen. I'm looking forward to the full release."
76561197997536317,Recommended,244210,8544219,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Marty Pierce,Love this game!
,Recommended,244210,8552679,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Mikachu42,"Wow, but this is realistic!! Fantastic!"
76561197994544461,Recommended,244210,8558317,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,JT™,"If you like casual arcade racers then forget this.Currently early access, it is at present essentially you racing ALONE. There is no AI or human opposition to compete against...Having said that - there will be in the future.So for now what will you get for your money? Quite possibly the most realistic and rewarding driving experience to date on PC, the physics are spot on, it sounds awesome and theres even an e30 BMW to drift around in!No doubt this highly moddable sim has tons of potential.The future is bright, the future is Asssetto Corsa"
,Recommended,244210,8279059,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Conan,"This is a driving simulator created by enthusiasts. At the heart there is a love of car that is shared around the world, like Top Gear. The graphics/engine sounds aren't perfect, but the feel and the ability to mod it freely make for an experience I would reccomend."
,Recommended,244210,8282855,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,whyFox,"Awesome game, even when you play with the keyboard you feel the car, it's obviously meant to be played with a steering wheel or a joystick, but you can play normally with any. Really liking the way it is going, and I hope the complete version goes to its finish lap asap. Great experience."
76561197998661785,Recommended,244210,8303559,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Oblivion,This game has so much potential. Already superb with the limited content and unfinished work.
76561198071304435,Recommended,244210,8319595,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,tigagreen,"This is the best Sim produced in over 10 years.  The realism and dynamics are excellent.  Well worth the price for admission.  The level of features, even at a development stage just has me wanting more.  I'm in love with the BMW M3 E30."
76561198002963952,Recommended,244210,8321469,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,xo0,Really need a proper wheel to do this game justice.  360 controller is not quite sufficient.
,Recommended,244210,8343250,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,antidavid,This game is fantastic for a beta game. If you are any bit into sim racing this game will be a blast. Currently there aren't any actual races as it is beta but it is still well worth the money and will keep you real busy. And it's actually challenging for intermediate drivers.
,Recommended,244210,8352601,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Dam Tac,"I must say I'm truly impressed by this game. Everything from the physics, handling and unique feel of all the cars, and the engine sounds are awesome as well! I was skeptical at first spending my money on an unfinished game but since gran truism 6 left a bad taste in my mouth, I just had to buy this the moment I heard about this. This game has a lot of potential and I really hope that all the support it has that it will turn into the best driving sim out there. I've been a fan of the gran turismo series since the very 1st one came out, and lately, especially with gran truism 5 and now 6. I feel like the series has gotten stale and lost it's touch in the sim world. After experiencing Assetto Corsa on the PC, I can no longer go back to playing GT6 at all. It has ruined me. In a good way of course. I can recommend this to any hardcore car enthusiast or anyone who likes to drive. Definitely the most realistic car sim out there."
,Recommended,244210,8359607,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Naughty Pine Furniture,"I really liked the handling and the beautiful noise the cars make.  Can't wait for more. It was exhileraring to feel the car shake ,see the car dip or jump and make such noise when downshifting or upshifting- really makes you feel like you are there. It definitely needs more content to be finished and it certainly looks promising."
,Recommended,244210,8386715,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,elGuapo053,best race simulator out there!
,Recommended,244210,8391239,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Gunsargeramalls,"Stunning graphics and great physics makes Assetto Corsa a racing sim to watch.  While still in BETA, the most recent update to the game adds some great cars to the inventory as well as some well know tracks.  The physics are constantly being updated and the sims works really well with the most popular sim racing wheels.  Right now, there is a lack of AI racing or COOP racing, but I'd assume that they are working on that.  Can't wait for the full game to be released.  If they release an online racing mode of this game, GTR3, RFactor, and iRacing will have some definite competition."
76561198018443752,Recommended,244210,8159182,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Gwain,"This is an awesome car racing game/simulation during early access. It will be the game in this genre to have when it is finished!!!I was considering xbox one for Forza 5 and Playstation for Gran Turismo. NO MORE! I have found my jam right here with Assetto Corsa.Realistic and beautifully crafted.Even though I only have an xbox360 controller for my PC with vibration, I felt every bump, understear and jolt when the wheels finally gripped after spinning.Simply awesome."
,Recommended,244210,8160918,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,TB27,"This game is a Realistic, Fun and Beautiful simulator for people who like Driving and Racing and have decent computer, i would strongly reccomend Assetto Corsa to anyone who like racing and simulator"
,Recommended,244210,8162607,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,[SSD] - Diablo,This is already one of if not the best racing sim that I have played. Still on early access but it promises to become the best racing sim ever.Cars and tracks are laser scanner and the deveopers have access to the real car data to simulate the real thing as close as it can be in game.I'd recommend a wheel but you should have no problems playing with a controller. Epic game
76561197970944465,Recommended,244210,8166803,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Ghost134,Reasonable game with pad. Awesome Sim with force feedback wheel!
,Recommended,244210,8173228,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Stefan.RZ,"Best sim racing experience available, the complete package.I recommend !"
76561198030169009,Recommended,244210,8176602,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,no1copey,forza who?
76561198030052487,Recommended,244210,8181605,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,roadrunner_gs,"This game was a surprise to me. Even in its early development stage it surpasses standards experienced in sold games from major studios (like - say - F1 2013, that disappointed me, wasted money on that one...). Physics are as god as in racer. And it is even drivable via game pad or keyboard. Graphics are good, too. And every other week - three time up to the time i write this recomendation - the developers are releasing new conent on their way to completing the game. Can't wait on the completed game with races against AI/multiplayer."
,Recommended,244210,8185109,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Dirty Harry,"Sick game, pick it up if you have a racing wheel"
76561197970930999,Recommended,244210,8187313,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,[SOT]Kungfu,support this game if you like SCCA style racing
,Recommended,244210,8193329,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Dragarro,"Really awesome game, can't wait for the full version."
76561197966811196,Recommended,244210,7936983,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Mersch,So for an early release game I am already impressed. It is very fun as simulators go. I can't wait to see how it develops. This game has the potential to rise above the rest and they are already on their way as far as i'm concerned. I was skeptical about paying as much as it is for an early release game but the reviews made me want to check it out and it has definitely made an impression. Can't wait to see some American Muscle in there like some mustangs or corvettes. Great effort guys and keep up the good work!
,Recommended,244210,7939833,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Rickzasyam,"GREAT CAR SIIMULATOR, AS GREAT AS GT5 AND FORZA 4!"
76561197961734730,Recommended,244210,7943998,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,CZT | EKADDICt,Awesome!!!
,Recommended,244210,7948830,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Nuclear Spaghetti,"I always thought: Xbox has Forza, Playstation has Gran Turismo, but what do we have, the PC players, upon our glimmering throne high in the ivory tower? I'm not nearly an expert on cars or racing games, for that matter, but I've been looking for a game like this because true-to-life sims tend to spark my interest. I am thoroughly impressed. Kunos have put so much work into the details of the car physics and tracks that the overall experience is astonishing. It's actually FUN to take a spin around the track with all assists turned off while testing the limit of both your skills and the finely-tuned, realistic racing cars. Each car is exactly how it should be in real life: unique. Just like a real car, each has its own ""personality"" and quirks that take just minutes to get a handle on, and hours to even come close to mastery. There are some minor bugs, kinks, and engine issues that require sorting out, (AA and anisotropic filtering can be a bit dodgy) but above all, still a rock solid sim. Of course, the game is not finished, so the final product quality is anyone's guess, but I have a feeling it'll be a good one."
,Recommended,244210,7968471,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,cunt,"Really impressive! Ive been playing other sims such as rFactor, iRacing and netkarPRO and theyre all great in there own rights. But in my opinion, AC blows them out of the water! The cars feel sound and look great, the tracks feel fantastic with my G25's FFB (Which seemed to be just mindless wobbling in a lot of other sims) and you can feel the car great too.I also think that the time attack mode is brilliant! It forces you to get the best line and is a true adrenaline rush when the timer reaches 1 second just before the checkpoint!Finally, i like the fact that a proper racing sim has a true drift scoring mode. Its definately fun to slide around a realistic feeling E30 on a drift track and get judged on it!10/10, Now we just need multiplayer!"
,Recommended,244210,7968575,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,BaNdy,"Well, what a great sim! I purchased this after seeing the old lotus racing on 1966 monza track, had to have a look.Its not a finished product as yet, I dont suppose it ever will be a static release with all of the modding and updates that will be coming online with it.it played really nicely on the 360 controller, I havent tried the wheel yet, but all other reviews suggest a fantastic feedback experience with a wheel - so I cant wait.Visually the game does look lovely @1080p full details on (I7 @4ghz & a 7970) the replays look super, audio is great on the lotus, cant wait to hear the old ferraris and have a proper race online, as that isnt working as yet.looks very promising though, if you want a fab PC racing sim experience, watch this space."
76561198038650813,Recommended,244210,7976750,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,crmotocrosskid,"Love this game, amazing graphics and iRacing like Physics... AWESOME!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bmiBpjlAxhc"
,Recommended,244210,7988381,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,UberusGoatius,Assetto Corsa > GT > Forza
76561197997990303,Recommended,244210,7627453,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,-KGB-Calzone47,Daum... My♥♥♥♥♥♥are hard playing this game.. and i have gained 3 inches.
,Recommended,244210,7630615,"Posted: 11 November, 2013",all,parro,"Best racing sim ever, period."
,Recommended,244210,7638018,"Posted: 12 November, 2013",all,Surgeon,"Not a whole lot of content yet (game isn't complete), but this is an amazing driving simulator."
76561198067800169,Recommended,244210,7640619,"Posted: 12 November, 2013",all,El Kostiko,YaYa
76561197966718034,Recommended,244210,7652379,"Posted: 13 November, 2013",all,PickLock,One of the best racing sims I've experienced.
,Recommended,244210,7659726,"Posted: 14 November, 2013",all,Jvm,The new king of car sims. :)
76561198070822731,Recommended,244210,7663897,"Posted: 15 November, 2013",all,Son Goku,Great early build of a future winner
,Recommended,244210,7670040,"Posted: 16 November, 2013",all,PEPE: The Origin,one of the best racing simulator on pc!
,Recommended,244210,7683581,"Posted: 17 November, 2013",all,simewn,Φοβερό!!
76561198025991229,Recommended,244210,7731539,"Posted: 24 November, 2013",all,"[REDi]1R 2LT Pol Tuurd [A,D,ds]",so far so good with my fanatec gear and a good tune this is really going to be great..
76561198032450269,Recommended,244210,30464095,Posted: 11 March,all,Mechanic Andrew,"After quite a bit of doubts reading some bad reviews about this game I pulled the plug and decided to buy it anyway. I suspected that lots of people consider its physics being ""realistic"" just because cars made too hard to control (and some reviews mentioned that too). In fact it turned out exactly opposite: it is realistic because cars are actually controllable. Unlike in many other games where once it skids and spins you can't do anything to restore control, here, with certain skill and focus, you actually can! Force feedback is very convincing and responce doesn't seem to be having any noticeable delay. Having a lot of real cars driving experience and not so much sim racing experience, in this game cars are the easiest to drive for me.Visuals are not as good as in Project Cars but they are not painfully bad, just average (by modern standards). Mods are easy to install but so far I found quality of modded content being way below original one."
76561198040557124,Recommended,244210,10927987,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Lazero,"Game has what I always wanted in a race game (cept muscle cars) any kind of race type,excellent replay recording and cameras, garage alteration, and a mix of beautiful cars that all handle different and sweetly, oh so sweetly. I have a ancient 5in1 wheel and pedals, can custimize to content. real feel now, I am no car nut, but have driven for years, rl and other, this feels right, grabed me right away. yes has some bugs, but with what they are doing here like with shift is maybe why, you can have it set up anyway, and it is best to handle it manualy, drop the assists, learn the real experience here."
,Recommended,244210,10909241,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,potchaco,"Even as an early access product Assetto Corsa is well worth your money! I have more than 80 hours hot lapping, doing multi player races, installing custom tracks and cars! Any sim racing fan should own this, as a matter of fact they should buy it twice to support the amazing effort the developers (kunos) are doing!"
,Recommended,244210,10920669,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,MigGui,"I know this game is meant to be played with a steering wheel, but I don't like the feel I have right now with a xbox 360 controller. Forza does a better job on making it feel smooth enough on turns, AC made me feel I was using a keyboard instead of a controller. The driveline, copy/paste from Forza, is broken (it turns from green to red randomly, not where you're supposed to brake). But, aside from that, it is shaping to be a beautiful game, the cars are nicely rendered and the track variety is awesome. Keep it up."
76561197964658425,Recommended,244210,10909839,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Nastycivilian,"This is what i've been waiting for. Bought it last night. I am impressed. Buy it, def worth 20. Have not played the new grid yet and because of this sim doubt I ever will."
,Recommended,244210,10909843,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Lungwen,"really nice sim game, i highly recommend!"
,Recommended,244210,10912034,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,✡ Waffletime ✡,The game it self if great it could use more cars and a few more tracks but for now its sizeable the scenery is beautiful and everything runs on max in my above reccomended spec PC.But heres where the issues come in the game just wont work with a Xbox One controller plugged in via usb it will play for a little while but then the game says that the CPU is at 95% (and its not its at 30) and the game will start slowing down in frame rate and input from the controller.because I dont have $300 to drop on a racing wheel I was hoping the One controller would work instead needless to say I am dissapointed.Buy the game if you have a race wheel and such but dont expect to get compelling gameplay out of a mouse / keyboard or a XB1 controller.
,Recommended,244210,10914469,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,TURBO_SLUG,"Excellent game, and even better for an early access."
,Recommended,244210,10915342,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,JackHammerOfLawl,"It's a very promising game.  I'm playing with a game pad and it's a little too ""realistic"" for that.  It's tough to make subtle movements.  It also needs more cars and makes!  I want to see things like the Camaro, Corvette, Boxter, 911, 370Z, BRZ, and the GTR!"
76561198134410802,Recommended,244210,10916165,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,TheGermanPanzer,"this game is brilliant, forza and the rest forgoten when it comes to simulation. However, if you dont have a god raving wheel..Logitech... its gonna be a ruff time. keyboard controls are bad to undriveable and the 360 control is undriveable even with streering sensitivity all the was down. steering lag on the return side is very slow so you will be understeering with no under steer.9/10 with a wheel4/10 keyboard and 360"
,Recommended,244210,11342608,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,GordianZ,"Pros:Good physics and force feedbackGraphics are nice(not fantastic, but good enough)Modability(Nordschleife and Cobra 427)Cons:Not enough official tracks (Nordschleife and Spa are planned, no release date though)Penalty system is annoying, you can turn it off but no achivementsNo trading cards! (jk, but why not?)I've heard good words about it awhile ago, and I just bought it during summer sales for $20. What a bargin, top-tier racing sim out there. If you have a force feedback wheel and $40 to spare, you gotta try this, it's a no-brainer."
,Recommended,244210,11360125,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,LiamLimitless,"This game is solid, I don't drive in real life and I think that is why i find so difficult but will definitley be putting lot more hours into this when Oculus Rift is released."
,Recommended,244210,10940232,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,MikaXel,"Awesome game, but it needs more cars and rainy weather would be cool!"
,Recommended,244210,11352183,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,RedxDragon,one of the best sim racers out there! graphics are excellent and the race feel it excellent to!
,Recommended,244210,7670710,"Posted: 16 November, 2013",all,[WWN]_Bully,LOVE IT!
,Recommended,244210,10896656,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,El Jewbacabron,"I'm not sure wher to begin...there's more good than bad at this sim's current state but if you aren't into glitches then I'm not sure why you'd be reading this anyway.As far as driving goes, this is pretty close to the real thing. There are some things that need to be tweaked in the physics of braking but overall it's very good.I can't really give a solid review since it's in beta but know this: I'm an automotive engineer and this sim pretty much nails it true to life. My favorite part is how they handled the vehicle dynamics, how you drive and the inputs you make are exactly what I look for in my work.The only thing that really annoys me is that the entire world vibrates constantly.Otherwise, if you're looking for simulation, look no further.UPDATE: Look, I understand the game itself is in development but where are the new car releases? I figure at least one car with every major update would be a given but it's been a *long* time since a new vehicle was added. Not to mention this game should automatically have a Ford GT in it...and the SLS that is advertised on the store page in the game pictures."
,Recommended,244210,7687063,"Posted: 17 November, 2013",all,jpapex,"I believe AC will become the next great racing simulator. In all aspects, it is already well polished. Slick and easy to use UI, believable physics and photorealistic graphics. Just about anything can be configured to make AC play as you want it to. Mods are officially supported as well. Note: As of 11/17/2013, it's a time attack simulator, but AI, career mode, and multiplayer are in the pipeline. Monthly updates will add these features and more content."
,Recommended,244210,12169258,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Big Marky,"I hate early access BS, but I own this game now with the 50% off saleThis game, made me go 3screensIt became the original F355 3screen arcade at homeWith any decent wheel/pedal/shifter setup and 3 screens this is the king driving sim"
,Recommended,244210,12186370,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,asteroulis,"Quite promising racing title. The community hopes it will be one of the best big things in the sim world , with many mods and an advanced physics model. Cunos has a history with its previous title and fans expect a lot from the team.So far I have anjoyed racing single laps , but cannot really review more since its still an eatly release title."
76561197988699780,Recommended,244210,12189943,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,chrissmith,"[Review of Early Access version, Beta 0.22]I bought AC thinking it would be 'like a PC version of Gran Tourismo'.......In some ways it sort of is, in that its a graphically beautiful driving game.However in most other ways, this is a very different beast.Where GT is easy to pick up, but with some depth of play, AC is deep from the start.This is no 'pick up and play' game, and requires significant time invested to understand how to drive.I'm currently only a couple of hours in to the [beta] game, and and just about learning to keep the car on the track, and in a straight line (and watch despondantly as any competitors roar off in to the distance).This looks like it is going to be a wondeful simulation, however i'm yet to be convinced that it is going to be a fun game."
76561197996584389,Recommended,244210,11979841,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Pupi,"I love this game it looks good and drives good :) The multiplayer is not the best yet, but I hope they will improve the net code soon."
,Recommended,244210,11981894,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Ricsop,"Looks great, drives better!"
,Recommended,244210,10558338,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,bizology,"Subjectively, this is the best car/racing sim out there.If you're looking for accuracy, Assetto Corsa is your game. It's not perfect, apparently Kunos does not have a very advanced aero sim, but it's not something I particularly notice, nor does it ruin the game for me.The tire physics are awesome, some of the best out there -- if you have a decent wheel with force feedback you can feel each little laser-scanned bump on Nordschleife.Assetto Corsa works with most wheels and standard controllers. Playing with a gamepad will work, however you will really miss out on what makes this game great, the precision and feedback a wheel provides.If you have a racing wheel like a G27, DFGT, Thrustmaster or Fanatec, you need this game. Buy it now, you won't regret it. If you have an Xbox 360 controller and you are looking for a beefy career mode, Project Cars is probably a better choice.Runs fantastic (+60 fps on high) w/ an intel 2500K, 8GB RAM & an AMD 7870."
76561198008791621,Recommended,244210,15634771,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Kenbang,"Decided to change my review.  There has been free content update since and there is plenty of mods cropping up giving me far more to do in game.  As far as driving feel goes this game feels the best to me.  I often just practice with my favourite car sliding around corners.  Also the devs seem dedicated to  the game (rather than abandon and go make another game like some others).  It's up to you to decide if there's enough tracks and cars for you.  However, for what is there, is very good and all the cars feel distinct (unlike some other games as well)."
76561198151161443,Recommended,244210,13575862,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,robertedell,This is one the best auto racing game on Steam right now. The physics of the way the cars handle is just superb.  The detail and car graphics are good. This sim can be adjusted and customized in so many ways.The car selection is not a lot right now but it is ok and the track selection also is missing many iconic tracks and some more variety would be nice.The only downside is the tracks graphics which are rather average
76561198056106029,Recommended,244210,8317392,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,tsunami0ne,"If you don't have a steering wheel, do not bother with this game. Controller support is god-awful. All you will do is crash. The UI sucks, but whatever, this is a simulator. WIth the new update, you can now drive GT86, which gives you a slow, but decent handling.If this game did not have support for mods, I would not recommend it. Luckily, it does so you can download cars and tracks not included in the game. Driving on a mountain road in the game with RWD car is fun."
76561198022022948,Recommended,244210,13532992,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Jeeve79,"Looks amazing. The drive is wonderfull. Force Feedback feels good and realistic on a G25.Still some small issues here and there but overall this is an amazing sim.Open mod community makes this game even better.Recommend?  yes!Note that this is not supposed to be a arcade basher game.It's about challenging yourself with the car, the setup and the track.Stay on the black stuff, race like a gentleman, and u will have loads of fun.Trolls can be kicked but i recommend joining a group like racing leagues."
76561198001462961,Recommended,244210,10890323,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Hoogs,"Kuno Simulazioni has knocked this one outta the park and it aint even finished yet. Amazing content thus far, oodles of mods already being released and in the works. Laser scanned tracks and cars are very detailed. The tracks are not as good as iRacing, but no ones tracks are as good as iRacings. Regardless, IF you are a sim racer then this one needs to be in your garage.Graphics are very good and getting improved! Physics are excellent. Good FFB. The community is getting behind this simulation.EDIT:Well, 240+ hours later and many changes; This is the best driving simulators you can buy on Steam. Racing is done better by titles such as iRacing and rFactor 2 * not yet on Steam. However when you consider the cost, graphics, FFB, content available, and quality of the entire package AC is a WINNER!Some people prefer pCARS <--- This is a game. This is a simulator ---> Assetto CorsaFuture DLC content includes Lamborgini's, a laser scanned Brands Hatch and I'm guessing weather *and I don't just mean fog and clouds; I'm talking about rain.This sim is a work of art. Pure, simple, sensational and deep. Getting within a couple seconds of a fast lap is simple enough. But finding those last couple tenths of a second are going to require all your focus, attention to detail, and silky smooth control. DON'T PLAY THIS WITH A CONTROLLER. That would be like trying to ♥♥♥♥ without a hard on.If you love to drive, if you love to race, and you love to getting your monies worth, I highy recommend this simulation."
,Recommended,244210,16497445,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Pactalit,"Eine Simulation, die mir viel Spaß macht."
,Recommended,244210,14075325,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Otter BTW,This is an awesome game 10/10 cant stop playing.
,Recommended,244210,14988322,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,dickspoon,"Assetto Corsa is a beautifuly crafted racing simulator. Driving feels realistic and fun. You can not jump into a car and expect to know the nuances without test driving first. Car's are different weights, sizes, strengths, torques, suspensions, grips, downforce, andhundredsother customizable settings. Presets are available for every car. Graphics are georgeous."
76561198163904571,Recommended,244210,13102300,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,BRANDO302,"Quality game and I can't wait to see the finished product. A bit buggy in some places and crashes every now and again (that might just be my PC though) but not bad for the money. I don't know if it's just me but it can get really hard, some of the time trials in career mode are impossible! I can't even get past the third event! Also, the steering is really sensitive and turning it down doesn't do all that much. I turned it down from 50% to 20% and its hardly made a difference. Overall, a really fun, realistic racing sim, one of the most realistic for me, but its not as much fun as Forza 4 (my current favourite game) its way better than Gran Turismo though and definately worth the money. I recommend getting a racing wheel or at least some sort of controller for this game though."
,Recommended,244210,26193060,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,017,"445 Hours, and probably no more. I installed the Live for Speed demo and played that for about 4 hours straight.Feel so dead no matter how much I mess with FFB settings. LFS feels so much better, actually has feeling. Like if a rear slides out you feel the front wheels trying to turn to their path of least resistance, as well as bumps, getting a kick from the wheel if you hit something, things like that. Doesn't happen for me no matter what I mess with in AC. Out of the box even in demo format was so incredible that I'll probably only ever fire up AC for taking screenshots or something. I have 0 desire to even try drive in this now, Feels like I'm in the passenger seat telling someone what to do with the wheel.It's still a great game, I'd not have 445 hours if it wasn't. But I may as well play with a controller or an xbox 360 wheel or something for all the FFB is worth on my G27."
76561197967228796,Recommended,244210,16665092,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,c : \b1tchmaker.exe,Excellent sound and graphicsExcellent physicsIt makes driving a real car feel unrealisticGood track detailCould use more tracks though.
76561198000353927,Recommended,244210,16675480,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,20t,best racing game ever made in my humble opinion. There are not enough cars to drive around though.
76561198037395547,Recommended,244210,16710592,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,.:.N.E.V.O.LJ.A.,Currently the best track racing simulation.Physics and FFB even better than LFS.
76561197971748298,Recommended,244210,16581395,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,UtterNutter,Great game
76561198150051847,Recommended,244210,16586652,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,staaaaaaan,"Coming from Gran Turismo, this is really nice racing simulation.50% off is a bargain."
76561198019691962,Recommended,244210,16764560,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Wolfenmark,"Great game and fair development company. Definitely a must for every simracer fan.Early access or buy the game, play some, get some patches, paid dlc at reasonable price, get some more content free with upcoming free dlc...you know, that sort of things that make you want to give them money to get some more content in ASAP :)Overall standard quality of official content is amazing: official licences, models, sounds, physics, track accuracy (visual and feedback while driving). Simply amazing for a consumer simulator at such a price tag. The content you get is well worth the money you spend. If you buy at a discount feel guilty for fraud towards the developers!!! Once in a while this happens :DPros: great simulation, great graphics, very good FFB, not necessarily in that particular order. Very nice triple screen support for dedicated simracers (ingame bezel correction, triple angle rendering reducing distortion, ingame utility to setup fov based on screen size and position). Good SLI support though some micro stuttering must be handled with lower framerate caps to ensure smoothness in crowded conditions.What to add? Great modding support (tracks like blackwood 2.0, from ""Live fo Speed"", have been added with permission from original owners, just to mention something unusual).As a last note I have to properly check some misleading information on online player count, thought it was around 1000 on average, so quite good if you compare to let's say RRRE, but I realized some of the league servers in booking mode were showing online people that were just booked for the session, thus allowed to enter the server, not those actually racing or on the server.My iRacing/rFactor2 online licenses expired so I cannot check the state of those in terms of online players and availability of competitive fields in different classes/series/tracks but I could bet that rFactor 2 is actually in the same boat as RRRE and iRacing still tops at 20/30k online users, anyone with good info on that can confirm so I can update the review accordingly?"
76561198069965358,Recommended,244210,16768167,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Jmasta7,"Outstanding!This game is an absolute blast to play!  It is very hard to play as well -- I don't think any other game has a handling model as accurate.  This game will be very challenging at first, I spun out all the time and smashed into countless walls.  But, once you learn how to drive properly, you feel like a champion.  No assists, no inhibitions, just you doing laps and relying on pure car control.  I just smile as I do laps sometimes because you feel like a real racing driver working with some awesome cars.  I am playing on an xbox controller as well, and still this game is a blast.  But a wheel is a must have -- I am working to get one for myself as soon as possible.  If you already have a wheel, get this game ASAP!"
76561198066175342,Not Recommended,244210,16371989,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,herr.maas,hate it
76561198117435578,Recommended,244210,15941800,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Mount Kushmore,"(As you can see I only have 90 minutes into this game,but that's only because I couldn't figure out a way to make it work in that time I tried reinstalling and all the stuff what you can find here on the support site and in the FAQs on their site.I just sent an email hoping for a solution.I will update this review if I get any answers.)I did get a fast response to my email,and after I posted my problems at the forums I've got help from the developers and the game is now working fine.After just a few minutes of play(only in practice mode)I quiet like it.I will uptdate this review when I've more hours in it."
,Recommended,244210,8128989,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Mascalzone,"Exceptional race sim, still more to come, but it is already worth the price!"
76561198044052440,Recommended,244210,10984195,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Dice,GOOD graphic
,Not Recommended,244210,15729102,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Engyne,"I do not think this is a good game. I do not consider it as a simulator, it does not has race flags, you can't start in first gear, the UI  is horrendous, and the pitstop is more than worst. The AI is really bad and both circuits and cars are few.They started to launch DLC to cost the console version, and doesn't look like they will add more content. The current price of 45€ It's a steal.Worth 10€ if you need to purchase heach DLC at 8€, don't pay more."
76561198117042418,Recommended,244210,17596992,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,vior wolfkin,THIS GAME HAS THE BEST CAR FEEL OF ANY RACING GAME IVE PLAYED ! ..... THE AI HAS PROBLEMS ....ONLINE RACING SEEMS TO BE AWKWARD TO SAY THE LEAST < i havent managed an online race yet but iam not too worried yet > with a few details such as the demolition derby ai sorting out this could easily be the best racing sim out there ......i have had numerous problems with the game but i did get early access so its only to be expected .... i also seem to have had numerous wheel and controler problems NOT THE GAMES FAULT neccessarily . career mode realy would benefit from practice laps to set the car up and qualifying to set your grid position ... IN MY HONEST OPINION !!!!! disagree if you like ! as that is the point of discussion .......and if its done honestly may help the devs to make us better games ......... or better options .... we arent all lewis hamiltons or even sebastian vettels ..... we are all different but the devs want our money and we want good games
76561198097443549,Recommended,244210,30585291,Posted: 18 March,all,Teks Willer,"Good simulation. Campaign is disappointment but free hotlapping is nice with friends. If you are looking good racing game, you should buy project cars (or grid autosport). If you are looking maximum simulation, you should be fine with this."
76561198256272312,Recommended,244210,30569435,Posted: 17 March,all,RoyThaBeast,"Great racing game! the graphics are good, the game has a good realism and the cars sound al different en good compared to the cars in realtime. it is just a shame that there are many cars you only can use if you have bought the dlc's."
,Recommended,244210,30608927,Posted: 18 March,all,Dreadly,"Okay if it isn't obvious by my play time. I've done a ""little bit"" of driving in AC. I will recommend the game, but I'm not going to sugarcoat it at all. I'll start with the bad points (which there are far more and they outweigh the pros quite a bit, but can be overlooked since there's really nothing else to fit this role apart from rFactor which is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to set up)THE BAD:No day/night cycle, nor will there ever be. This means no 24 hour races, atleast not with realtime, along with this is no working headlights, nor will there ever be because their engine just wont support it.Damage is so♥♥♥♥♥♥ visually, and mechanically, that I kinda just wish they never even had visual damage in the first place. You can get the slightest of wall taps with the right corner of your rear bumper, and your entire rear end, windows, boot, full bumper, everything, will be damaged, and it looks like♥♥♥♥♥♥Tyres, or more specifically, their heat curve and temps in general. Rubber melts at 180 degrees Celcius. In Assetto corsa, Kunos thought it would be a smart idea to have your tyres capable of hitting 349 degrees celcius which is their limit and is when all tyres in game will pop. They will not pop from wear, and most cars can never get their tyre heat that high. I have done hours and hours of online drifting, ON THE SAME TYRES, and never been able to pop them unless I sit on the spot doing burnouts til they die. This has been a massive gripe for me from the beginning, and I am still more and more disappointed every time I see a ""tyre update"" and this simple issue has not been resolved.Physics, are questionable. While they might feel good, the way some cars behave is clearly not right. This isn't a huge issue all the time but it is worth noting. Also suspension, while feeling really good, has some very weird behaviours if you go over any hard bumps on certain angles, and due to the lack of mechanical damage, you can literally grind along walls at over 300km/h and continue driving like nothing happened.There is so much wrong with this game, I'm actually surprised I'm recommending it at all, it frustrates me on a daily basis, and has done for a while now. However, I do still play it and there is reasons for that, which are about the only pros this game has going for it. They are:Graphics - while not best of the best, these are some really nice graphics considering the overall package you get with the game itself.Sounds-  once again, not the best of the best, but all in all it's hard to find a sim with such a diverse range of sounds and still have them of decent quality.Physics- while this can be a con too, this is the main reason people play this game. The physics, for the most part, are really good. There is so much to still be worked on, and I honestly dont think AC itself will ever fix most of its issues, rather, a successor should be built to address all the issues that can never be fixed in this due to the engine not being capable. But for right now, you'll be hard pressed to find a sim with licencing, good graphics, nice sounds, nice physics, and then such a wide range of cars that you can go from a 100bhp FWD, to a 1000+bhp aerodynamic monster, to a stock r34 GTR, to a full blown drift car, and this is only base content (plus some DLC but I personally am missing over 50% of the DLC, actually that's a con I forgot to list but I wont worry about it, Kunos are just money hungry grubs trying to get more cash with every update they can). Which leads me to my next and possibly last point.Mods- The game has an abundance of mods available. For cars and tracks. When you include user created content, the amount of tracks to drive on and cars to drive is absolutely astounding. I dont think you could physically have every mod out there installed on one game. I'm not sure the game would support it honestly, and this is the biggest reason I still play this game. I personally mod myself, I know a good deal of the modding community and we are constantly working on something new. But what keeps me around is the possibility to drive almost any track I want, in almost any car I want, and have it drive literally however I want it to as I mod physics. It's hard to look at another game when you hear a RB26DETT screaming at 8k revs, out of a tiny escort going sideways at 180+km/h.TLDR, I really hate this game, but certain features of it keep me from being able to leave as there is nothing else to replace it really. There is a lot to be questioned with this game, but if all you want to do is get in and drive, then the game can suffice there I suppose. However, it is far from a perfect game. These people praising this game most of the time have very little understanding of the way everything is working, and probably haven't seen the multiple occasions where the devs aren't afraid to shame you on a public forum for making a legitimate statement. Nor do I think most of them have even played a proper simulator before. I don't look at AC as a simulator, it is simcade, they don't simulate damage, nor even the effects of hitting a wall at a high speed even without visuals. The online is trash, a lot of the community is toxic, the devs are just as bad. But I can drive a skyline powered escort sideways down Akina, so I'll give the game a thumbs up. YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED.Oh and PS. This is about the only ""simulator"" I can think of that lets you turn off damage and tyre wear, which in my opinion is one of the most stupid things any company thinking of making a sim could ever think of doing. It's not a simulator if it's just NFS:Shift with better handling."
76561198268211363,Recommended,244210,30606383,Posted: 18 March,all,turtlewise08,"Assetto Corsa  is one of my favorite racing games for sure realistic cars and cockpits and tracks are great looking just wish there were more of the tracks we have in RF1,RF2,  ...Come on guys can we get some more tracks  . Thanks so much Kunos"
76561198012045738,Recommended,244210,17131126,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Literally Shaking,"The A.I. opponents can knock me out of track and ruin the match by just one hit from the rear, which makes the career match nearly unplayable if opponents strenght set to 100%. Funny thing is when I hit the A.I. , no matter in what speed, there is barely any impact on them.======================update==========================Looks like the issue is because me setting the car to 'Pro' mode. After I swtich to 'Racer', the A.I. can't knock me out so easily. Anyway this is a great driving simulator, very nice car physics !"
76561197960810145,Recommended,244210,16803752,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,HachiRokuMack,good
76561198045997040,Recommended,244210,16752213,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,BennyC_570,"I have to say this a generally great game to play, HOWEVER, the issue with lack of vehicles is rediculous.. I bought the ""finished"" game with DLC expecting there to be a slew of different cars to choose from, but to my dissapointment there are not enough to justify price with the additional $15 for the ""Dream Pack"". That being said, as far as physics and gameplay in general, it's the closest ""real feel"" simulator paired with the Logitech G27 I have ever experience.. I would really enjoy a North American Car Pack as well as more exotics but I'll take anything at this point!!"
76561198122448935,Recommended,244210,10941562,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Brain,"So one year ago I gave this game a bad review,I have come back to give it another try and I am glad I did.In my opinion this game went from a 5/10 to a 9/10Multiplayer works very well, the career mode is alot of fun and even though I am on a xbox controllerI'm still having a blast, the sounds... the sound of the turbo kicking in is amazing, the graphics... espeically in regards to 1st person view the mirror accuracy is amazingHighly recommended Pc racing game, you will not be dissapointedGame is €44 but you probaly need €100 wheel to fully enjoy it. But the game has convinced me I need a wheel"
76561198021203270,Recommended,244210,16681134,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Pinkflare,"As with most PC sim games menu/control/car setup is a bit fiddly.Braking is strange - like your tyres have half of grip.Apart from little niggles - great driving game, riding on curbs was never this satisfying.And you NEED wheels - gamepad won't cut it."
,Recommended,244210,16686293,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,bestmak,Assetto Corsa taught me the same thing my mother did years ago.Slow and steady wins the race.10/10 would brake before a corner again.
,Recommended,244210,13068734,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Harp907,"Very realistic game, and the sounds are great from Turbo spool in a F40 to the Zonda sounds amazing."
76561197968997161,Recommended,244210,16162771,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Goom,Everything they say about this game is true. Buy it.
76561198079650775,Recommended,244210,16177528,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,ッ shde,This is no doubt one of the best raceing sims out there right now i mean like mod support and you can easily play this game with a keyboard and mouse and also a gamepad
,Recommended,244210,16334587,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Tempest,"Assetto Corsa is a great simulator.  I use a Logitech G27 steering wheel with it, and it works perfectly.  I plan to spend many  more hours on this simulator once the Oculus Rift is released.  I highly recommend it for any racing enthusiast."
76561198053859329,Recommended,244210,16023155,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,farizmh2008,A definite must own racing game!
76561197972430972,Recommended,244210,16078974,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,TeknoBug,"I'm a long time video game racing veteran (20+ years of racing sims) and this is one of the top for me.Bad part is, Nurburgring is a DLC, wtf."
,Recommended,244210,16552569,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Pistol,"Oh Yeah, now this is Sim driving at its best. just took the Zonda around the Nordscleiffe then thought the Huyara might be nice to take for a spin too, and whoa that thing is FAST. The sense of speed is awesome now as well. ( it used to feel a little slow ).Do yourselves a favour! If you have a wheel, check out the youtube videos comparing this to the other racing games an then get this one. Forget the rest!, you will not regret it."
76561198071846552,Recommended,244210,16537168,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Stric,"Everything about this game is great.I love cars, because cars are great. This is why I love this game, because of cars.Cars are awesome, and you should buy a car, but Assetto Corsa will come in between as great substitute.CAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARS!!"
76561197996584111,Recommended,244210,16526828,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,IndianaSPEED,"Amazing racing simulation. Awesome Force Feedback for Thrustmaster T500RS Wheel. Keep up the amazing work. The game needs a tad more optimization on PC and the game needs a better ""game console"" like GUI in future updates."
76561198032231554,Recommended,244210,16273493,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,DeathEvil,"Absolutely amazing simulator.If you have a good wheel with pedals then this should be your number 1 pick! Don't get me wrong, I love project cars too, as well as grid autosport, but none of them behave as realistically as assetto corsa."
76561197970840172,Recommended,244210,13621567,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,tingley28,"Played many driving games and this rates very highly, Graphics, Sound & general gameplay is excellant and with new content being updated on a regular basis i think the game will only get better"
76561198083921508,Recommended,244210,13612365,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Arterius,"beautiful, i love this game... sorry this simulator. Good job for Kunos. Thank you"
76561197969811577,Recommended,244210,13619007,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,ĈŲŢĦßξЯŦ,"Finally a racing game that makes it worth owning a Logitech G27, or any other wheel for that matter. Wheel implementation was a priority, rather than an afterthought. Incredible game."
76561198106184208,Recommended,244210,13594969,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Prince_Shinigami,Really enjoying this game 100% But that doesnt mean it doesnt have problems for me. I wish the Multiplayer was a little better. thats my one big issue with the game. I also feel the game needs to be a little more polished up which im hoping an update will come soon even tho the game is fully out. Aside from that its a great game not a perfect game but a fun game indeed.I give this game an 8/10.Edit: This game needs better gamepad support. I want to navigate the menu with the controller not the keyboard. and my start button does not pull up anything. More controller support is needed! On the plus side this game CAN BE MODDED! so modders start modding! =D
76561197980513962,Recommended,244210,13611283,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,danny237,good game controls are bit hard wont let me set it up how i wont it but still good for £17 in sale but would not pay more it not that good
,Recommended,244210,13672628,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,K0L3N,"10/10 racing sim, gets better when you use a wheel."
,Recommended,244210,13651756,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Daegarn,"Super-realistic driving simulator that really plays good with mouse steering but for the ultimate experience, invest in a steering wheel. 10/10 would recommend, especially now that the online mode is added."
76561197996946424,Recommended,244210,13665566,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,mturk2100,i like this game but i think ai is a ver hard
,Recommended,244210,13666434,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Mr. Sentry,"Assetto Corsa is exactly how it is advertised; it's not your everyday racing game. Most racing games you find today are unrealistic in some aspect, whether you can drive the car into a wall going 60 and continue to drive, or flip 10 times without getting a scratch on you. Assetto Corsa is a racing simulator, which means that everything in it is as realistic as possible. I personally bought this game because my friend let me try out Forza 5 on his Xbox One, and I loved it right away. I don't have an Xbox One, and I looked to see if the game was available for PC. Turns out it's an Xbox One exclusive. So, I started looking for alternatives, and came across Assetto Corsa. At first I was sceptical because it was an early access game at that point, but I did my research, and it happened to go on sale a couple days later. I picked it up and was absolutely blown away by the game. It's even more realistic than Forza 5, the graphics aren't bad (especially if you turn them up), and there is already a huge selection of cars and tracks. Along with my first impressions with the game, I was happy knowing that it was early access, so they would be adding even more features. They release updates quite frequently, which include new cars, tracks, and modes.One thing to note about this game is, a racing wheel is HIGHLY reccomended. If you're like me and cannot get one of those, you should at least have a controller for your computer. I run a wireless Xbox 360 controller to my computer, and that is a billion times better than playing this game with a mouse and keyboard. For those who have a wheel and pedals, I've heard this game supports most of the racing simulator sets out there. For the people with the type of Xbox controller that is designed to work with the PC, this game will gladly accept that as a way to control the car.Overall, I feel that Assetto Corsa is already a great game, but it still has potential to go even further in future updates. If you enjoy racing sims and ESPECIALLY if you already own a racing wheel set, this game will amaze you. Even if you only have an Xbox controller, this game is still plenty of fun and definitely worth the price."
76561198049372495,Recommended,244210,13171795,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Lone_Wolf,"Very good game overall, nice graphics but ATM kind of limited in terms of what you can do (Not fully release game yet though)"
76561197986110542,Recommended,244210,13176258,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Kell ©,Built my first simulator with a G27 setup for this game and it was worth every penny! I'll never need to play any other racing simulator because of AC.
,Recommended,244210,16484989,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Formidable77,Graphics 7.5/10Physics 9.7/10Sounds 7/10Gameplay 8/10Superb game. The handling is spot-on. It's definetly worth a buy.
76561197992375841,Recommended,244210,16451976,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Undertaker,I like racing sims and therefor really love this game. It feels very realistic. The variety of cars may not be as vast as in Project Cars but it still has a lot to offer.
76561198042071917,Recommended,244210,16452358,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Aarongamma6,"If you like racing sims this is as good as they come. My only complaint is a lack of content which is filled to an extent by mods. It doesn't have the number of tracks or car as Project Cars nor does it's AI show any form of competence but the driving is superb. I can't think of a game with better physics. I can think of 1 that equals it but does not better.If you want the real deal racing sim but don't want to pay monthly for iRacing then this is your game. You're gonna need some friends to race with though. I have to say the online community isn't very skilled in this game. Good luck going into turn one on ANY track without getting rammed up the♥♥♥♥♥ or spun, or just wrecked in general."
76561198152897318,Recommended,244210,16454694,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,nickwizard60,the best game ever invented ever by anyone ever!
76561198034763839,Recommended,244210,16454874,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,MisfiringCookie,"This game is best racing sim I have ever played !..And pair it with G27, the real fun begins."
,Recommended,244210,16460648,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,❀NovemberZzZ❀,"To start off the review, the true cost of the game is $270 if you want to have the full experience, adding the cost of the G27 that's recommended to play it.Pros- Decent amount of cars with some of the most realistic physics you'll find in a game.Tracks are beautifully scannedUpdates used to happen fairly frequently but have slowed down by a lot, could also be a con.Cons- Huge cost of entry for the full experience, but that's the same with every simUpdates are relatively infrequent now, and may end up being even worse now due to the announcement of       consoleThe best cars in the game, are either modded or DLC, but that's just my opinion.Multiplayer is nearly useless and the AI isn't much better.Overall it's a great game that unfortuanately doesn't have a huge team behind it, and suffers from that. Content updates are infrequent at this point, but that could obviously change later. If you do buy it, and have a wheel I recommend going toassettocorsa.netorreddit.com/r/assettocorsato find the best mods. My favorite is the FF1 mod which is great."
76561198120332571,Recommended,244210,16619867,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,"not so bad, not so good","The feeling and satisfaction of making a perfect curve in this game is second to none, but the difficulty and high threshold for beginners is brutal. You have to practice a lot to just avoid finishing last in the races, knowing all the turns and how high speed you can hold when entering a curve without going off the road. Still all in all, it's a great game!"
,Recommended,244210,13626846,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,N2Oxid3,"One of the best racing sims that I have played! The physics and force feedback are the best that I've experienced in a sim/semi sim that I have played (LFS, RFactor, iRacing, Shift 2, GT, Forza, GTR)."
76561197996882164,Recommended,244210,13629297,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,TexRob,"I've been playing racing games since Stunts on PC, well really Pit Stop or Pole Position.  I have played most every one, and this is one of the finest racing simulators I've played.  I know you're looking forward to Project Cars, so am I, but this game is not to be overlooked.  If you're a stat tracker, an achievement and challenge type person, this is the game for you.  This game rewards people for finding that tenth here or there.  With games like the Forza series having a zillion cars, that is the only knock you could give against this but perhaps more will come.  It has a nice selection for sure, but it could always have more.  Controls are top notch, something you'd expect from a glowing review."
,Recommended,244210,13629957,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,hitch,Cool game but for some reason i can use my gear stick. It just seems to default using toggle gears rather than my H-Gearstick. Please help
,Recommended,244210,13630233,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,alpha_omega,Very realistic driving simulator and I highly recommended it for anyone with a wheel and wanting practice for the real world. The first time I tried it during the early access it had some quirks but I think now the developers have worked most of them out and this is one if not the favorite racing simulation out there. Why can't more racing SIMs be this good?? Well done!
76561198028433443,Recommended,244210,15918404,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,varmas_online,"Played gt6, project cars and this. This is clear winner. best physics and feel through wheel"
76561198080037970,Recommended,244210,15918434,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,dideldum,"Great racing sim! Realistic setup changes, to which the car reacts properly. I.e.: good insights in the art of race driving. Online competitions are - depending on the participants - real  fun. Boy, you really know what you are here for, when you have had your race on the Nordschleife (endurance layout) - exhausting, but satisfying. Imho: worth every penny u spent on it."
,Recommended,244210,15919318,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Hockquan,"Load up the 312T, set it to 100% boost, go out for a lap and just hang on and try not to pee your pants.  It's harder than you  might think, even if you aren't prone to incontinence.  The amount of concentration needed to complete a lap in anywhere near a decent time under such conditions is absolute concentration and nothing less.  I've never driven one of them in real life so I have no idea if it is realistic but it is certainly an experience I would recommend.One of the best looking racing sims I've played and, whilst not necessarily the nicest feeling, it is way up there with the best IMHO.  The physics never feel canned.  When you lose control it is because YOU lost control.  When your lap time is bad it is because YOU were too afraid to get on that throttle earlier.  This makes AC a great racing game as far as I'm concerned.And that is all."
76561198106818214,Recommended,244210,15992261,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Matt P.,"Great looking, Great physics, Great everything........ except the races are very race 1 woo wait what did that even do... besides do a lap. lot of cars and maps but not much story."
,Recommended,244210,13559581,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,The Haf,"Assetto Corsa. Why do you make me hate you. I've only made it to the first actual race with the Abarth, in which I have spent basically all of my time. I refuse to move on to the next event until I get gold. This game is beyond frustrating and yet still an amazing game. I come from Forza, in which I am a decent racer. This game makes me feel like I've never played a racing game before. Why so hard Assetto. Why so hard...Update:I came back after way too long not playing. PCars came out and instead of buying another sim I figured I would play the one I had. With much practice, a little frustration, and a change from the XB1 controller to the DS4, I have become a better racer and AC doesnt seem quiet as hard as in the past. Still an excellent game and worth it for those that enjoy sim racing. One day I will get a wheel and the learning curve will start anew."
,Recommended,244210,15994512,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Redline,great game
,Recommended,244210,16574074,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,bimaario,Fantastic racing simulation. Tons of mods online available for free. A definite must buy!
,Recommended,244210,16575727,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Prochyas,"+Best race simulator I ever played, awesome graphics, you must brake like in real life, not NFS.-few cars, you must buy DLC. Nothing I hate too much. :)"
,Recommended,244210,16575892,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,[AOD] Josh6499,Awesome!
,Recommended,244210,13884317,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Spooky Moose,"Updated May 3, 2015.Has improved significantly for those of us without wheels, still can be tricky, but is very manageable now.Beautiful game."
,Recommended,244210,15551348,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Wafu,it's a GG I enjoyed it
,Recommended,244210,15168663,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Lil Saint,Nice game   good graphics  not much cars but enough difference   the makers of the game are italian and you really can see that   almost all tracks and cars are italian
,Recommended,244210,15174839,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Al Pacino,nice game and a great simulator but it needs more cars
,Recommended,244210,15385908,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Chris Elliott,I absoloutley love this game. Since going over to triple scren setup i have been experiencing some problems thoughHeres my rigCPU: I5 4690k standardGPU: GTX 970 StandardRAM. 8G Kingston DDR3PSU: Corsair 750wMonitor: X3 23 inch AOC Full HD ISPWheel: Logitech G27Before i went to 3 screens this game would max out on 60+ fps.Now with all the graphics settings turned down after about an hour of playing my pc is just restarting itself. It only ever happens on this game and only ever really seems to be happening during a replay. Any help would be great.Besides that issue. This game is fantastic. Graphics are brilliant. Handelling of the cars are superb aswell. Not a single bad word to say about this game although some soft menu music might be nice :)
76561197993217855,Recommended,244210,15362289,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Magpij,"Before, it was GPL, Viper Racing, Live for Speed, GTR2. Now, it's Assetto Corsa, the masterpiece pilot simulator.Prepare yourself to learn how to set up a car, it' s a game changer."
76561198071138290,Recommended,244210,15364794,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,gazdapavo,One of the best implementations of Oculus Rift DK2 currently available.
76561198000483188,Recommended,244210,12935949,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Lance,"After some more play time. I've decided to give this Game the thumb up.I hope this game will continue to develop, and not end up in the grinder like many Early access Games do."
76561198089719123,Not Recommended,244210,14908883,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,HoneyBadgerFTW,"I expected so much about this game and it really disapointed me :(. Dont buy this game for 50 dollars, theres nothing much to do in it, rare updates, lots of buggs and small amount of cars..... If you like racing games definetly get The Crew...."
,Recommended,244210,15319287,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,wayne.m.young,Hands down the best racing sim I have played.The graphics are impressive but the sounds are incredible and really add an extra dimension to the game.Works great with my Fanatec CSR wheel. Would recommend.
76561198058781172,Recommended,244210,15308835,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,rmdkilla,"Awesome game to play in DK2 and that's why I even bought the game. Ever since that update though, I've been unable to play. Read and tried all discussions.. nothing. Kinda♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥actually."
76561198015426504,Recommended,244210,15327332,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,ca6,Best driving game available at the moment :)
76561197974621773,Recommended,244210,15012719,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,bld - f*ckerpuller,"Kudos to Kunos, 5 stars! Really great fun if you manage to set up your wheel properly! ;)"
76561198165335132,Recommended,244210,15013385,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,666DCon666,This game makes real life suck.
76561198029674002,Recommended,244210,10923155,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,4LT F4 Scatch1,"Very good game, I enjoy the physics and it plays well."
,Recommended,244210,15021675,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,HighJAHking,"JeuxActuMar 17, 201590Despite it's lack of official content and the dullness of the career mode, partly due to the sloppy AI, Assetto Corsa is simply the best racing sim ever developed. Everything smells the love of cars, from its jaw breaking physics to the amazing graphics, and just that feel of the car. A new benchmark for racing sims."
76561198215550176,Not Recommended,244210,15291210,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Jocko,"I have to give this game a thumbs down for the fact that it will not load regularly. Since purchasing the game on March 24, 2015, I have not been able to get the game to play consistently.  I have an open thread going on AC's support forum but nothing seems to work for my situation. I have reinstalled, updated, refreshed, and tried everything on their FAQ page and the issue still isn't corrected.http://www.assettocorsa.net/forum/index.php?threads/wont-start-through-steam-or-desktop.22672/"
76561198026983846,Recommended,244210,15551865,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Vanilla Thunder,A an addictive SIM racing game with heavy mod support!
76561197998671023,Not Recommended,244210,10912600,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,A_Adams,"I would give Asseto Corsa  a passing grade, the multi  player sever setup is a ♥♥♥♥ing joke. The days that you had to setup a server to game like this has long passed!!!! The menu's are setup poorly.THE BEST THING TO DO WITH THIS GAME IS TO DELETE IT !!!!!!!"
,Recommended,244210,10938558,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,MrC,"I highly recommend this game to other guys with a steering wheel.The physics in the game are so good, you can really feel the road or a curb. Don't play this with a controller, then the game will be boring.This is a nice game if you have a wheel, because it is so realistic. If you don't have a wheel, pass this game, the only thing you can do is drive in a car without a really competition."
,Recommended,244210,15332012,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Krase,A+++ Will buy from again...
76561198031233204,Recommended,244210,13560988,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,DieVideo,"Best racing simulator that I have ever played. If you like racing sims, do not hesitate to get this one! It does have a few things that need improving, but you are not getting any similar experience anywhere else. 100% recommended for any racing simulators fans!!!"
76561197972049243,Recommended,244210,15916055,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,sdtaylor_178,"Best car sim ever, by far.  Even at full price, this is great value - the sale price makes it ridiculously cheap.  If you haven't got it, get it now!  You won't get masses of cars and loads of tracks, but what you do get is so perfect: sound, graphics, handling and, above all, realism.  Check out the website and the reviews - you will be assured that every bump and turn in every track is as it is in real life and the attention to detail in the cars is mind-blowing.  Addictive and satisfying, nothing else comes close, not even the very good Project CARS, which trades volume for quality - Assetto Corsa will never do that.9.999 out of 10"
,Recommended,244210,14055823,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,amdathlonz24,Amazing racing simulation game!
,Recommended,244210,14122122,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,The White Wolf,"Best racing simulator ever made in terms of physics and graphics. Sound is great too. Can play using xbox 360 controller, steering wheel or even mouse steering. All controls, aids and settings are customisable. Career mode is fun. At each level of your career you get to drive a different car starting from small hatchbacks to supercars like the LaFerrari and Zonda R. Career mode is short about 6-8 hours to complete every level but its challenging so expect many more hours gameplay before getting gold in every race or time attack. Challenge mode also adds several hours more fun. Car and track selection is small but nearly every car is exciting to drive and amazingly detailed inside and out. All tracks are all real world tracks from Monza to Silverstone including variants. More content is coming so this game will grow. If you like Gran Turismo or Forza Horizon you will love Assetto Corsa. 9/10"
,Recommended,244210,13644547,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Kalamazoo,"Opinion: Assetto Corsa is the best sim-racing game you can get on PC today, without any of that 'subscription' bullzhit."
76561198150806582,Recommended,244210,14100702,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,k1w1-racer,Without a doubt one of the best racing simulators out there! Triple screen or Oculus Rift + G27 + racing seat! Amazing fun! Keep up the great work! Heaps of mods out there too! Cannot wait for DLC!
,Recommended,244210,14112105,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Nasterios,"For me, Assetto Corsa is simply the best car simulation ever made ! A big thanks to Kunos for their huge work on each car.Highly recommended !"
,Recommended,244210,14109741,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,The Milkman,"I must say, if you are looking for a realistic driving simulator, look no further, this is the game for you. With a wide range of cars as well as a massive variety of famous circuits round the globe, it is a fun game to get started in, and yet, there are frequent updates containing more and more content. This game is best played with a steering wheel, as you can get the real feel of racing a car. My only complaint is that it can be very hard to try to be a bit of a yobo in a car as unlike other simulators, it is not to forgiving when you mess up a corner, and you experience a lot of understeer and if you want to try drifing, you are in for a lot of stressful attempts to get the car of choice to go sideways. On the whole though, this is a game that is worth a try :)"
76561198139180231,Recommended,244210,14270141,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,"C,JQ",why i can't play
76561198014431700,Recommended,244210,14270766,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,dcnolde,very good game!
76561198045565035,Recommended,244210,13525730,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,styney72,"Previously had many issues with various errors causing the game to crash (asc.exe not working, device->CreateBuffer (index) failed) etc..).  However since coming back to the game after a month and re-downloading I'm having no more issues with this error.   Also I didn't like how you couldn't modify Xbox 360 controller settings to change which stick controls accelerate/brake (default it uses trigger buttons - I wanted to change this to Right Stick for accelarate and D pad for turn but can't.  However I've got used to using the triggers instead and it's not too bad.   Overall nice quality graphics and enjoying career mode.  I've had to turn down hardness settings as were too difficult, and I'm normally very good at racing games."
,Recommended,244210,14484130,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Orange - Satsuma Wrestler,"My go to racing game for the past few months: stunning visuals that don't break your PC, great sound, and most importantly, fantastic physics. This game is simply a joy to drive and is the first one to move me away from Simbin's excellent Race07 franchise.I play with a wheel (G27) and the force feedback is absolutely incredible. You can feel every slide, slip, bump and curb. It is also looking like one of the best games for Oculus. All I need now is the Rift...It is a simulation, so if you are looking for an easy to access game, this might not be the one for you. If you are looking for a game with all of the cars under the sun then again, this probably isn't for you. Whilst cars and manufacturers are still being added, the choice is somewhat limited. However, those that are included are of the highest quality visually, aurally and for drivability. You also have a nice mix of standard cars, supercars, drift cars and (my favorites) racing cars. In addition there is a vibrant and talented modding community. Its a similar story with circuits.So would I recommend it? Absolutely. If you want a challenging and rewarding simulation, I have not come accross anything better."
,Recommended,244210,14543802,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Nordlund,kasta skiten i backen
76561198089675056,Recommended,244210,14520502,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,tomallan32,seems ok dont like how the computer cars run you off the track.  How do you reverse?
,Recommended,244210,14521767,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,hopperLi,"best simulation racing game in the world, if u love racing car in realworld , just try this game"
,Recommended,244210,10889545,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,SimonC6R,"This is the most enjoyable racing title I've ever experienced. The physics feel just right, the visual fidelity of the game is superb and the game's audio is very good, with an updated sound engine in the works. There's a small but well-chosen selection of cars, which is now going to start growing due to modding support.If you own a good-quality racing wheel, you're doing yourself a disservice if you avoid this game. It's seriously that good."
,Recommended,244210,10892388,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Maximus Decimus Meridius,"Awesome physics! Awesome ""sim"", best racing gaming I've played and it still in alpha!"
76561198122433606,Recommended,244210,10895061,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,JSmooth,"So far Assetto Corsa has proven to be a pretty awesome race simulator for me. I play it on my logitech g27 and it works perfect. If you get the game try the drift cars and track, I only wish it had more japanese cars (Or really any). Over all I like it and would recommend it for anyone using a racing wheel."
,Recommended,244210,10895762,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,drewseph95,Best driving game I've played in a long time. Great realism. Makes me wish i had a G25 instead of my old Driving Force Pro.
,Recommended,244210,10896009,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Wabi,BEST. RACE. SIMULATION. EVER.
76561197990347712,Recommended,244210,10898106,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,fRAGMa/Psycho,"Pretty much worth the money people. Pure Simulation . Steering wheel Highly recommanded but with an xbox controller it does the trick aswell with ofc less feedback. Constant improvements , developpers really capable of understanding what has to be improve and hearing out the feedbacks!!! Part of the money is invested in new additionnal contents such as Corvette (coming soon right?), Alfa Romeo , RUF cars etc and it still in early access status. gogogo You won t be disapointed!!"
,Recommended,244210,10898543,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Robin,"One of the best car racing simulators out there. I would strongly suggest picking this up if you have a steering wheel, especially after multiplayer got implemented.Pros:- Multiplayer- Alot of cars/tracks- ModdingCons:- No pitstops (yet)- No pit limiter- No damage (yet)- Complicated multiplayer system (joining system)Overall I would recommend this game if this isn't your only simulator and you can afford buying it and letting it sit on the shelf till it gets better."
76561198047105621,Recommended,244210,10900132,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Agent K,Fantastic Game
,Recommended,244210,9605128,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Altix,Love this game!Best engine sound en physics a car sim will ever have
,Recommended,244210,10645545,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,ProFfe$soRr,"Interesting simulator, with Logitech G27 playing well. Trying to learh drifting and this is hard!"
,Recommended,244210,10607087,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,DreederUK,"Pretty much the best driving simulator currently available, benefits from using a good steering wheel and pedals as youd expect from a sim class game, but using the driving aids, ABS and TCS its equally fun and satisfying playing using a gamepad.  Graphically its awesome and sometimes I find myself driving quite slowly to take in the views around the wonderfully crafted tracks."
,Recommended,244210,10618227,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Yellow Square Sponge,Fun racing sim
76561198081348459,Recommended,244210,10562120,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Tom,"One of the best racing sims on PC, works great with steering wheels like the Thrustmaster T500 RS and also works fine with mouse and keyboard or the xbox 360 controller.The good Stuff:- great gameplay- beautifull cars with much detail- propper racing feelPoints to consider:- the game is not finishd yet, there are about 20-30 cars in the game at the moment, same goes for the tracks (about 10-20)"
,Recommended,244210,10570445,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Ventgas,Already excellent for an unfinished product. A wheel is a must. Anticipate a great modding scene as well.
,Recommended,244210,10573531,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,qperson,next generation of PC simraceing
76561198074778377,Recommended,244210,12560286,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,HD Road Glide,I have the Logitech G27 Racing wheel and loving this game the only problem i had was getting the game to recognize and keep my shifter settings but once it did i was off racing.
76561198063660903,Recommended,244210,12561503,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,BloodseekeR,this game is incredibleeverything about assetto corsa are great...+cars+graphic engine+sound+force feedback...if u guys like sim racing this is best buy!
76561198018042832,Recommended,244210,12501706,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,LorDrum,Great racing simulator created by KUNOS Simulazioni. I've tried all the simulators that exist and this is the best of all by far.       Graphics -9         Gameplay -10      Realism - 10      Entertainment - 9.      Thanks for this fantastic KUNOS Simulazioni simulator. Best of the best.
,Recommended,244210,12502789,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,APS,Best driving SIM on the market.100% recomended.
,Recommended,244210,12510209,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,akela91,Best driving simulator ever...
,Recommended,244210,12510977,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,gman,It has the LaFerrari... what more could you want? Best sim racing game I've played (having a steering wheel is essential).
76561197962773466,Recommended,244210,8582578,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Nomac55,"UPDATE!! version 1.0This game really is the best racing game out today IMO esp on pc which has never seen a game that is at this level. Physics are soooo close to life its almost better then the real thing. I recommend picking up a decent starter wheel like g27 and really feel what this game has to offer. blows my mind!!Favorite game of all tiem right here.Wow this game is exactly what i have been waiting for!This game has the driving feel of Forza 4 ....Maybe better even, and its on pc and is going to have MP. real world tracks and cars.I think with all the driving assist on even a controler gamer would find this game great fun.The graphics are say forza 3 or 4 which is great for a sim racer on PC.Drifting is just like forza 4 so if u can do it in that your good to go.There is already a MP mod for hotlaping times(not head to head just lap time) but its all real time updated times.You can really feel the road and tires as they loose grip and hit bumps.WOW A++"
,Recommended,244210,12517641,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Tmanning47,"PROS:Fantastic PhysicsDecent soundsGreat GraphicsDecent AIFantastic ForcefeedbackModabilityOnline is okayCons (As of 1.0 RC, subject to change ):Not so great damage modelCareer isn't greatAi can be dumb at timesOnline needs an overhallRequires more options and custimizable buttonsShould you buy it?YES. Absolutely, yes. By far the most realistic expierience available."
,Recommended,244210,12241986,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Mofo223,Great for Physics and Graphics... going to be the next rFactor for the modding community
76561197981802968,Recommended,244210,12501421,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,MOOONLord,"A great simulator, found it fun and a challenge, not for amateurs. A wheel is highly recommended, The devs put out some good updates."
,Recommended,244210,12501490,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,VILPAIN,"The best driving simulator ever created. Assetto Corsa is truly in a league of it's own, both in terms of physics and also visuals. It is a truly beautiful game. It may lack an adequate scaling system so those who have less powerful PCs may struggle to run it properly but otherwise, it's brilliant. Highly recommended!"
76561197960472799,Recommended,244210,12579667,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,plate,"I've dabbled with racing games and generally they fall into one of two categories, ultra-realistic to the point of frustration or arcade-like and boring.AC straddles the two perfectly for me purely because it is a simulator but accessible and well considered. The handling of the cars is absolutely unreal as the cars react realistically to your every move. Each car handles differently, some clinical, others like riding a wild bull. Worth noting I don't have a wheel and pedal setup but play instead on a 360 gamepad. A wheel would be better but the pad suffices.The graphics are great and never detract. A big point for me is the audio, some of the cars get you giddy with the power they elicit unlike alot of games which sound like you're driving a vacuum cleaner.Online was patched in recently and it works well. There are always a few players around but I find sometimes you have to delve into higher pings for the race which suits your taste.Highly recommend for racing fans or those looking to cut their teeth in the genre."
,Recommended,244210,12595722,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Fuxtier,"For me this game is the best race simulation on the market.It has great looking tracks, lots of great cars to drive, absolutely stunning graphics and the best physics I ever experienced in racing simulations.Definatley worth every cent !Come RACING :)"
76561198044918549,Recommended,244210,12587737,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,JackBauerCTU,"The most advanced physics model ever implemented mixed with the ability to mod in Pikes Peak and Transfaragaran Highway in a matter of minutes makes this the single best racing game I've ever had the pleasure of gracing my screen. Also, you can mod in a Reliant Robin. 10/10 would G27 this again."
76561198003154209,Recommended,244210,12587857,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,bassax,the computer handles it much nicer after 3.0 RC updategreat Race SIMULATORlives up to the expectation and more
76561197982567189,Recommended,244210,8528408,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,tmevol,Keeps getting better !!!
76561197982069273,Recommended,244210,12591909,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,{0}Salamander{0},Simply awesome. Best driving feel.
76561198137747190,Recommended,244210,12593250,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Sphinx,"The best sim racer out ther by miles!. I bought this game in its alpha stage and loved it, now with the new update it looks and feels amazing! strongly recommend this game to any xcar enthusiast"
76561198071017069,Recommended,244210,9404887,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,schummiking,Just changed a not recommended review to recommend. I bought a G27 for this game.So much improved graphic compare to the first time I bought this game! Impressive simulation!Need to be more realistic on clutch and force feedback on a straight road.
,Recommended,244210,13424421,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Yuri The Worst,Best simulator out there. Awesome graphics and physics as well as content.
76561197979312063,Recommended,244210,7603059,"Posted: 8 November, 2013",all,Seb Vettel٩(๏̯͡๏)۶,awe
,Recommended,244210,13744713,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,J U N G L A R,"I waited for this game for some while, got it in a sale though. The simulation of the cars is amazing however the game lacks content SO FAR. It has a few tracks, 10 maybe. Theres not many cars which is the only thing i dont like about this g ame so far, i dont need hundreds but 1 car of every known make would be nice and even more of the makes that do racing. Im a fan of audis but theyre going to include them later in the game. No volkswagens yet so sorry for the mk2 golf fans.  Multiplayer is about you getting crushed in a wall by a newbie or having 5 seconds penalty for you sliding off to grass. Challenges are impossible. The map design is bad, nothing to see else than road, grass and pit stop. Texture for the maps are realy simple, The cars look very nice though but more focus needs to be given to multiplayer, non dlc content and of course a steam workshop."
,Recommended,244210,13769643,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Nullbert,"The physics in this game are second to none. Plenty of tracks and cars to choose from, not including all the user-created ones. Career mode is a bit lacking, but that is a small con."
76561198078293195,Recommended,244210,13794410,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,EZ E,"My favourite Racing simulator, unless you can drive perfectly without making the back end of your car slide out you will need a steering wheel as its impossible to counter steer with a controller"
76561198059687296,Recommended,244210,13799810,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,pryere,This is a fantastic racer. I am as pleased with this as a was with the 1st Gran Turismo.I use a pad with a decent machine. A beat has not been missed form the get go.My jaw is stuck to the floor.Truly absorbing and challenging. I am half way into my career @ 80% AI.I love Monza 66 circuit.I love it all.Thank you. I am looking forward to the updates.
,Recommended,244210,13800151,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Neto,"Se você busca simulação, esse é um jogo para você.Aumente sua experiência com algum Volante, garanto que não irá se arrepender.Possuo o G27, ffb incrível e rápida resposta aos comandos.O que está faltando neste jogo, é apenas os desenvolveres optimizarem para Hardwares mais ""parrudos""."
76561198008998998,Recommended,244210,13790943,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,kkkkk1,"Hi folks,This is a great game. From the graphics to the sound it has all been beautifully recreated. The cars are a work of art and is especially brilliant when you rotate and zoom etc on any car in the game in real time. Like all games you're goining to need a pretty hefty PC or laptop to run it at it's best. I have a Core i7 4770K@4.4Ghz, 16 Gb RAM (the game will run fine with 4 but 8 recommended) and an HD7970Ghz video card with 3Gb on VRAM. I can run this game on high settings throughout with 4xaa @ 1080p but need to reduce the number of cars in the races to around 10 - 15 with my spec. Please invest in a steering wheel preferably with cluth brake accellerator and full H style gear box. I use a Logitech G25 and it's fabulous. I tried with the mouse and keyboard and to put it bluntly it's pants.You can play this game whatever your ability, as it has tons of systems such as traction control, automatic gears, racing line etc etc so anyone coming to the genre as a newbie will be able to get the car around the track in no time. You can obviously switch the systems off as you get better (my fav is the F40). My only gripe is that it doesn't support day-night cycle and weather. It would also be nice to add Aston Martin and Porsche to the car lineup. I know this is alot of work for the developer but I for one would be willing to pay extra, perhaps in the form of DLC upgrades etc. I have played many racing games but this is THE ONE. Go get it!!!!!"
76561198023043657,Recommended,244210,13780109,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,8tom,Love the physics
,Recommended,244210,13809238,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,YseBeeh [HI],This game is the best racing sim that is on the market. Sound is spot on. It even scared me the first time I jumped into a super car.I do recommend a stearing wheel. Or a gamepad at least.I use the Logitec G27 and have enjoyed this game a lot.A must have for car enthousiast!
76561198127452210,Recommended,244210,12955186,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Cptditch,"NOT HAPPYJust got the game, and having loads of problems!When i start a race then return to the main menu in crashes 'Assetto corsa launcher has stopped working'.Also I am running this on a 4k TV and the main menu is tiny?!help?"
,Recommended,244210,13813079,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Oxycodone,"This game makes you try really, really hard to get the most out of a car.Get in there, and choose a car. Don't like it? Choose another.You'll eventually find that one car that you can drive like a bat out of hell, and you'll then continue doing lap after lap after lap trying to cut your time down by fractions of a second. My favorite car thus far is the McLaren MP4-12C GT3, especially when i drive it around Spa Francorchamps. This game will continue to be a firm favorite of mine even when Project Cars comes out, this is a game you can love."
,Recommended,244210,13836926,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Udio_NT,"Assetto Corsa is the best racing simulator on the market:+ Excellent physics (the feeling of the car is great!!!)+ Good graphic (photorelistic graphic; laser scanned tracks; ...)+ Excellent car models (very detailed models; the parts of the cars that move according to the speed are reproduced; ...)+ Moddable (many many contents such us new tracks and cars are already available on the web and they are very good)Of course, the software is not perfect. The graphics can be improved (some particular of the tracks such us the details outside the circuit should be improved). The list of tracks is short at the moment but in the 2015 many new tracks will come. AI can be improved.Assetto Corsa is fantastic because it is able to bring a car simulation into your home pc! After one year of playing you feel as the first time that you started it...you continue to want to drive!"
,Recommended,244210,13839915,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,iGameOver,"Ok. This game is very good. A word of warning though, this handles pretty near how real cars handle and two things happen during and after your play:1. If you are used to the likes of NFS and such (which I did) then this is one hard to learn, especially with a keyboard.2. After you played for a while, you will never be able to come back to the usual Grid or NFS - the handling will feel slippery and you will suck at it.Saying that, if you want a beautiful game, with realistic handling, fantastic cars and real-world tracks, I would struggle to recommend anything else. Buy it!"
76561197984387305,Recommended,244210,10011800,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,formica45,Gamepad controls are CRAP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Update: 1/5/2015Controls good now.
76561197992985917,Recommended,244210,13842022,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,SmithDoc,"9/10I've been playing Assetto Corsa for a year now, watching it grow and flourish from Alpha to release. I'm not a proper sim gamer- I don't use a wheel, but a gamepad instead. And I have to say Assetto Corsa has improved radically to accomodate the xbox360 controller, which is fantastic.I find AC very challenging, and often frustrating -but I also understand that when I lose a race or fail to hit a goal, that it's probably my fault. AC is a game you have to learn how to play -every car is a little, or a lot different in terms of driving style, and they all need to be learned in order to win. The cars and tracks, all of which are phenomenally, technically detailed (the result of laser-scanning) take hours and hours to master -and if you want to get your money's worth with AC, you have to be quite dedicated. However, when you finally start to win races, there's such a rush of a payoff.The performance of the game has also been highly optimized over the last year -it used to be barely playable at higher settings on my macbook pro laptop, but now it plays at a crisp 30fps (a setting that I've locked into the game, although I know it can play at much, much higher framerates) with settings mostly on high or ultra.The developers are also very enagged with the public, and generous, too -sharing new car models every so often, and all free thus far. I understand there will be paid DLC soon, and I don't mind -they've delivered everything they've promised and more, and were very upfront about the Nordschleife track being paid DLC, announcing that more than a year ago."
,Recommended,244210,13846640,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Boohooimsad,"(1.0 REVIEW)A game with class leading graphics, physics and simulation, however lacks in the department of an established career mode that does not have any inbuilt economy system or full customization. It makes me feel like all the resources of the game are entirly devoted to the cars and their fine details, not the stuff that actually distinguishes racing games from each other. Still is a a very, very good purchase."
,Recommended,244210,13801199,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,turtlebasic,"This is just gaming porn. I have grown up around racing games, I have played every Gran Turismo, a majority of the Forza series and almost every Colin McRae game to date, plus a whole bunch more. I am a massive rev-head to summarise and this game is absolute god-tier. This is a work of art, it completely destroys any other racing game I have ever played, it is gorgeous, the tracks are immaculate representations of their real life counterparts, and... oh sweet Jesus... the cars. If you are someone who loves detail to perfection then this is just top, the interiors are beautifully rendered and the exteriors are just as amazing. I love this game, I honestly want to go out right now and purchase a $300 racing wheel just for this game. In conclusion, if you haven't already purchased this game... do it now. I recommend this game 100%.Additional Notes:- This game needs more vehicles! They are slowly adding more, but I need my fix damn it!- This game needs more tracks! They are, again, slowly adding more but I want my Nurburgring now!- This game needs an R18+ rating! I swear I get aroused every time I play this game."
,Not Recommended,244210,14556857,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,CoRe MPaluukA,"Somehow it's just feeling wrong for me, but I can't say why.Graphics and stuff are really good, but the gameplay could be just better."
76561198078927331,Recommended,244210,25164205,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,canadian.gtr,Great sim racer with good mod support and Rift compatibility.
76561197993434852,Recommended,244210,25165580,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Teeds,"Great racing simulator, fantastic physics, awesome feel (G27 wheel), lots of content and variety. Performs surprinsingly well on an older gaming system (2010-I7 930, Radeon HD 5850). Sometimes feel like its lacking in features and multiplayer could be better, but the experience keeps you coming for more and the dev keep making it better everytime."
,Recommended,244210,25104690,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Kuzumby,"Stunning game, was an early backer, I undersand why they did it but the DLCs killed it for me."
,Recommended,244210,25167209,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,backslash-f,"The near-perfect SIM. You won't regret it. (Wheel, shifter and pedals  are a must)."
76561198325898891,Recommended,244210,25415662,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,SoloArmdSoldier,Really good game. Love the cars. I think it needs more cars maybe add some BTCC cars in it.
76561198330096727,Recommended,244210,25419672,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,david.moore189,how do I verify  my video settings in order to play the game
,Recommended,244210,26304092,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Tiger_Jack,"Playing with g25 and logitech attack 3 as a handbrake + playseat evolution racing seat.Few hours in mostly drifting and formula f1 racing(feels better than in f1 2016 imo).driving feels like driving real car, probably slightly less grip, but i don't have experience at driving\drifting with race cars or drifters... so it's just my opinion.career mod isn't very interesting imo, but other aspects of game is very well done.I have readed that some people was having problems with multiplayer, but i personally haven't had any problems with it.nothing too negative to say about this game, overall pretty awesome simulatora and it reminds me about lfs somehow.9\10 Is this real life?"
,Recommended,244210,26313339,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,John Lifeann,It is absolutely fantastic !
,Recommended,244210,26314035,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Rens Hollanders,"For me Assetto Corsa is definetely the #1 racing sim in a long time. The fact that it works just like other framework games like rFactor makes it really worth the money. There is a great community built around it with tracks, cars and apps. This is a must have in any arcade and simracers steam inventory, esspecially when it's on sale, make sure you buy it next time, with all the DLC.Also the fact that the stuidio behind it continues to deliver support, updates and new dlc, just makes this my favorite racing game period."
76561197980299458,Recommended,244210,26296843,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,DwDrums321,This game has come a long way since early access. A+ Great Game. Hoping for more tracks and cars.
,Recommended,244210,26289834,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,|- MySTiK -|,"Assetto is a game i would truly recomend to any enthusiast.Its got good game play that keeps you engaged for hours.The game does lack cars and tracks (even with offical DLC) But there is a HUGE modding community avalible.Grip racing and drifting is fun. and will keep you playing until your leg cant push the clutch in anymore.However.The career mode is repeative and does not feel very rewarding.The physics are good. But LFS has better.The Customization is decent but RFactor was better.Although this game still lacks alot. It is still alot of fun and with abit of time the game is going to grow bigger, stronger, and better.ps. i still think this game is worth the money."
,Recommended,244210,25734288,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Bloodenguts,"I have played a LOT of good racing games since I was a kid, possibly all of them, and AC is in a league of its own. It's the one simulation that I always come away from completely exhausted because, like in real life, setting fast lap times and charging ahead of the pack requires quite a bit of hard work.Due to time constraints and other unfortunate life obstacles I have not resumed gameplay for some time, but I always return. It's been a fun ride watching this game take form and improve over the last few years; I am always impressed with how the title plays--along with how great it looks and sounds!If you have even the slightest interest in automotive culture/design or simulation gaming you should really dedicate at least a few hours of your life to this game. Plus, it's not likely that you're going to be able to drive a real F40 before they are extinct, so this is the next best thing!"
76561198162979268,Recommended,244210,25735109,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Nifty,"Hi there,Assetto Corsa as far as a keyboard base game ( for those who don't use controllers ) is not to bad ,it does take a little time to get the swing of it but I think it is very playable from my point of view,game play if good and graffics are pretty good also, overall I would rate this as a 7/10 for keyboard players."
,Recommended,244210,25728762,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Source & Davin,"There is so much to say about this game, but the most important thing is the fact that it will make you a better driver. You'll end putting so much hours playing it, and downloading hundreds of mods to enhance your experience, that any other racing game will seem ridiculous, boring, or just bad. The physics model is second-to-none, and is comparable to iRacing, but will leave your wallet full instead. The modding community is great for any kind of racing fan whether it be, F1, GT3, Rally, Drift, etc.  The only thing that AC is missing is the Oval track racing community, so that makes NR2003 the king of that still after thirteen years. My only complaint is that the wheel setup is a bit of a pain at first due to the weird UI, and this game isn't easy to pick up and play for beginners due to being so difficult. Once you learn to master your favorite motorsports, you'll feel like more like a racecar driver then ever before, instead of some guy on his couch playing Gran Turismo holding down the X button until he wins. All I have to say is that you NEED to get a racing wheel before you play this game, and not a particularly cheap one either. This game requires a willingness to learn, and a lot of free time to do it, but if you like racing JUST BUY IT, but if you're a casual then stick with your Need For Speed and Forza."
76561198156249753,Recommended,244210,25905930,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,ScReAmInG@TrEeS,"if you have a whee l buy this game, WORTH IT, i love this game so much. the fealing of the cars and the road is amazing. i also need to build a hand break for drifting but well get ther xD totally recomend it. lots of fun."
,Recommended,244210,24048510,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,@iamgingerbear,"The attention to detail is just... damn. Certainly get's my motor going.There is enough here for everyone that likes sim racing or even sim-cade racing, hot lapping is satisfying, races are amazing, cars all feel unique, tracks feel wonderful through the ffb. I am in love.After countless hours I've started learning how to control cars more reliably. Mainly because I decided to teach myself to drift  while I had no internet for a week. Feels good to start to get somewhere and I'd reccommend this for anyone who wants to get in to sim racing or is in to sim racing and playes occasionaly."
76561198233431228,Recommended,244210,19728414,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,vabeachWHIFFS,I just bought this and I am glad I did.  Ive been Iracing for a while which is still awesome online but I missed the Black Friday renew sale.  I have so many more cars and tracks in Assetto though and i think the sounds are amazing.  I love the BOV sounds.  The tires feel great and the skidding sounds are awesome.  I have only played practice for not more than an a half hour but I already know I love this game even if I just practice solo since I heard the AI was not the best.  I can't wait to try online out.  No matter what the solo practice more than satifies my desire to burn rubber.  I will update my review after I have played moreI am still loving this game.  I have saved money from taking a break from iRacing.  I may give iR another try here and there just for the competitive multiplayer but Assetto Corsa will always be here to keep me entertained either way.
76561198159604368,Recommended,244210,24951238,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,POTSIK,The best racing sim for PC. it would be even better if they will add rain conditions and night racing
,Recommended,244210,26223851,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Yottahertz.,"Faaaarking hell, was driving some supercars like I stole the buggers! ♥♥♥♥ing hitting the speed of light in a McLaren P1 is an overall highlight and Habib enjoyed this game very much too 10/10 would play again"
76561197993304116,Recommended,244210,11900961,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,tj.mortimer,"The best of all racing sim worlds...- The graphics of Gran Turismo- The physics of Live For Speed- The variety of track mods of rFactor- The Lotus F1 car from Grand Prix LegendsAlso runs well on mediocre hardware like my 3 year old Dell XPS laptop (i5 gen 2, 4gb RAM, GeForce 525M)This game is only going to get better and better with a bigger variety of cars and track mods. Get in while it's cheap!"
76561198032536360,Recommended,244210,10662949,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,rissky,"It's a brilliant game, but the catch is that my xbox 360 controller do not fully support the main menus, so you will need to use the keyboard and mouse to choose cars and tracks! Also the smoke graphics is kinda cheeki. You really need practise and skills to gett good at this game, cant wait for the DLC to be realsesed, with the nurburgring 22 km tracks on it!"
,Recommended,244210,11854840,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,salxicha,Early Access - 0.21.6: Fantastic sound and truely approach to simulation.
,Recommended,244210,10696371,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,ВА.лера,Один из лучших симуляторов на сегодняшний день. Играть только с рулем.
,Recommended,244210,10697676,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,WASPGB,"Graphically nice but still a lot of work to do, still very promising. Need to simplify the menus, especially the multiplayer access / server menus. Far too complicated and time waisting at the moment. Still worth having in the hope it will improve with development."
,Recommended,244210,10730743,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Jasconius,AC is very aspirational but still needs work. I personally find its force feedback to be unrealistic and poorly implemented on my G27 wheel.Also the AI is atrocious.In two years this will be a glorious game. Right now... hardcore sim fans only
76561198076064333,Recommended,244210,10700344,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,augiewaz,Great game! Still early days as it is still Early Access but this game will rule them all!
76561198041036075,Recommended,244210,10536010,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Atorque,Since the release of multi-player I am very impressed with Assetto Corsa.  It has a few bugs and I would love to see some weather and night racing but these features will take a ton of work.  The Corsa team is small so I remain patient.  This is the best racing sim in my opinion and I hope they can continue to develop upon it for a long time to come.
76561198015664508,Recommended,244210,10512844,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,gnp.dale,"Great Game, has to be the best of theCar racing games to date.Can't wait to see it completed.GeeDee"
76561198096600360,Recommended,244210,10525327,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,lilchris111,one of the best racing sims i have ever played
,Recommended,244210,10526425,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,huracan,"I have only played this for a short time but I have no doubt this game, if continued to be developed well, will rival Forza and GT and become one of, if not the best racing sim on PC to date. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,244210,11043351,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Truxel707,To be Gran Turismo for the PC. Great buy for me. Using my Logitech Driving Force GT wheel; amazing. Would HIGHLY reccommend to any racing sim fan.
,Recommended,244210,11046974,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,EZ PZ [亗] ScorpioN,I like this game! Best graphic and realistic sim-racing game.More people at multiplayer as Live for Speed which I have 4 years.
,Recommended,244210,10945157,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,S7ae1k3r,"I recently got a logitech g27 and decided to try a couple of different racing games, and I can say that this game blows me away. Especially considering it isn't even finished yet. I can spend hours in this just going over tracks in hotlap mode.They made it fun to drive, easy to setup a driving wheel.All in all it's an amazing driving experience. (More well rounded than grid 2, or autosport which seem to me to be unplayable with the g27.)Pros:Logitech g27 support,Designed for the PC; not a really bad port.No input lag.Ability to customize car setup.Vast array of options for controller setup# as the game gets fixed I'm sure most of these will disappearCons:AI is out of control,Brake line isn't dynamicNo controller 'dead zone'"
76561197975305469,Recommended,244210,10946620,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,NaiveFormula,"Like many of you out there I have always wished that the Forza franchise would migrate to PC.After purchasing Grid autosport this week and having various graphics issues and visual shortcomming that Autosport provides, (cockpit view etc) Posts on Steams forum pointed me to this title.As this title appeared on the Steam Sale this week I decided to grab it and see what all the fuss was about.And I have to put it simply, this is shaping up to be the finest driving sim ever created.This may sound like an over the top comment but having owned virtually all  car racing games on PC and Xbox 360 the attention to detail in this title is stunning.Rather than just giving stunning visuals the handling and physics engine in Corsa is incredible.Animation is smooth and controls are slick and responsive, just the way it should be.Having had the fortune to drive performance cars on track days the feedback from the wheel is shaping up to be  incredibly close in this title with my old Sidewinder wheel, unlike titles such as the Grid franchise which always fell vague and unrealistic to me.If it a classic F1 car to upto date super car, this title caters for all tastes and this provides and a endless list of driving styles one of which is sure to catch you eye.Personally I am hooked at the moment driving the Ferrari 312T.Well Done Kunos every moment spent on this title has put a simile back on  my face and returned my faith in driving games, which leaves Grid Autosport feeling a little neglected already!System SpecIntel I7 @ 4.8GhzNvidia GTX 78016GB Corsair RamASUS P8Z77-V Pro M/BSamsung 830 SSD 256GBSeagate 3TB HDHAF XM case"
76561198047687535,Recommended,244210,27060395,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Left Nut,Such a fantastic game.  I haven't encountered any better racing and driving physics sim.
,Recommended,244210,27085610,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,SoulzReapər,the force feedback is the best ive seen in any simulator along with a great selection of cars and tracks including a large number of well made mods.
35623623562536534,Recommended,244210,27083896,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Delbert,Awesome! Simply the best...now with MinoRating == SafetyRating
,Recommended,244210,27148759,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Vali,The best simulation out there at the moment.Lots of Cars + lots of tracks = hours of funModding community is quite active with some seriously amazing projects.10/10
,Recommended,244210,27171575,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Adidashi,Best nordshcleife road car simulator i've ever played
,Recommended,244210,27167508,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,GOBLOKULUS!,One of the best racers out there now with stellar mod support
,Recommended,244210,27222605,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mad_Man,"Would recommend to others, great variety of cars (road cars to full on Race cars), outstanding handling and physics."
,Recommended,244210,27124302,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,nuub,Addictive
,Recommended,244210,27195276,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,epiczos #SHAME,How many licenses do they have? insane.
,Recommended,244210,19761015,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,✪ Raceman,"Best sim on the market.Great physics,great graphics, perfect FFb and a lot of mods.Porsche DLC's are awesome!! 11/10"
,Recommended,244210,27214181,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,_thecrafter_18,really amazing game. 10/10
,Recommended,244210,27339344,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ChipHazardII,"I was sceptical at first but I took the plunge when it was on sale. Once I got driving it took me by surprise - not the greatest sim racer but worthy of your attention, improves with each update :-) if you want to take a step up from project cars then this is it"
,Recommended,244210,27355565,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Yeti27,This is the best simulation racing game I've ever played. I love how all of the cars handle differently and have their own unique feel to them. It really adds to the realism of the game. The DLC is great too and it's fun to collect cars.
,Recommended,244210,27346869,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Koolmite,"It's a good game, it could improve bugs with the Controllers and improve their sound department."
,Recommended,244210,27347509,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Avus,One of the best driving game/sim on PC. Very nice car details. Great sound. Superb physics model. Great mod support. Great use of Porsche license unlike EA.
76561198081333449,Recommended,244210,27284505,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,TobiazKW,most realistic driving game i have seen
76561197977433607,Recommended,244210,26991361,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ThirdEyE,Amazing physics and graphics.
,Recommended,244210,27013555,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,курица,"Joguinho gostoso de jogar, jogoso gostoso de joguinho."
,Recommended,244210,27021138,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Abyss,"After playing 100 hours i must say this game has managed to deliver something to me that most have failed. A challange in which the grind is not within the tools im given, but by my own personal skill."
76561198091810312,Recommended,244210,26414467,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Carbon-8,"Fantastic game if you're looking for simulation.Practice and car / physics knowledge will really help you to go faster!Didn't play for a while and I really notice a drop in my lap times.Not great for me, but it proves this games capability.Didn't have so much fun since GTR2"
,Recommended,244210,11598411,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Burger,"Finally, a racing sim for the keyboard warriors of the PC Gaming Master Race. You can drift a KTM X-Bow. That's all i need. (An R34 would be cool)"
,Recommended,244210,13499964,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Speedibus Rex,The best sim out there so far. This game is for racing enthusiasts. Do not buy if you are interested in arcade-like racing games à la Grid. Graphics are stunning. Lots of fun and value for your dollar.
76561198173901349,Recommended,244210,14849124,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Lumos309,"Stellar graphics, decent and tasteful (and ever growing) collection of cars, and superb driving sensation. 15 bucks for 10 cars and the entire Nordschleife in the Dream Pack DLC is an absolute steal too."
,Recommended,244210,14858792,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,canvelius,"Best racing sim i've ever played, literally. Some may find it hard, I simply enjoy touring in ferraris in empty tracks.10/10"
76561197970287492,Recommended,244210,14884482,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Travelinwes,Amazing sim. Excellent car and track selection. Graphics are also pretty good. Multiplayer isn't of the same caliber of IRacing but get a solid group together and it's still a good time.The only thing I would like are sounds on the level of RE3 and some series packs (Blancpain). Keep it up Kunos!9/10
76561198031864819,Recommended,244210,14888630,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Hawker77,"This is the best racing sim on PC.  I absolutely love it, and with Kunos putting out new content (Dream Pack 1), and many community modders putting out excellent cars and tracks you really can't beat it!  I've been playing it more than any other racing game/sim I have and am enjoying every minute of it.  Thanks for a great game, Kunos!"
76561198039703457,Recommended,244210,14792900,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,FastFreddy,fantastic!!!
,Recommended,244210,14851532,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,ChickenLips,"It is a great sim. A bit fiddly to setup I have found, but overall I highly recommend. For some reason though it still feels incomplete, maybe it is because we have all gotten used to lots of cars and tracks? Anyway, the content that is provided is top notch. The new dlc, dream car pack one, with 'The Ring' is the best I have seen. Get it!"
,Recommended,244210,14855200,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,[CoFR]October,"As a long time sim racer I've always been skeptical about new entries that try to sugar coat a poor sim with tons of eye candy.  AC was no different, in the early beta.  It looked great but the physics were lacking, force feed back was just a suggestion, etc.  This official version, while still not perfect (where are the pit strategies?) is by far and away the most impressive sim I've driven since I first bought rFactor, almost a decade ago!  I HIGHLY recommend the ""dream pack"" too...  easily the most realistic version of ""The Green Hell"" out there, next to actually going and doing the real thing, and not just visually either!  There are bumps and cracks in this track that I never knew were there before...  curbs of varying violence, jumps that will make your stomach drop.  Definitely keeping on my harddrive and looking forward to the future of this one!"
76561198032115884,Recommended,244210,14891248,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,nojman47,"Best racing game ever. Fantastic graphics,sound and gameplay!"
,Recommended,244210,14874746,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,The Mediocre Gatsby,"There is very little not to love about this game. The vanilla content is finished to an amazing level of polish. The physics are on-point in almost every car. Slides are catchable. You can feel the tyre wall flex when you approach the limit. You can feel the front end push and the back end skate around more than any sim I've ever played. The FFB in this game is different to any other game on the market right now. For the first few hours the wheel felt dead to me because you only recieve the forces that would be translated to the wheel in the actual car, not a bunch of canned effects as well. With a T500 the FFB is exact, and a pleasure to drive with once you get used to it. Seriously if you don't own this game and you like sims, buy this now. and there's a laser scanned nordschleife now. What's not to love?Beyond the devs there are truly incredible mods from the community. I would strongly reccomend the T5 (DTM) cars from united racing design. They're like the best sim cars I've ever driven and are well worth the price of admission. There's millions of other great mods though, look on race department and you will find what you desire.There are some areas that are lacking in my opinion. For example, there are no pit stops or longer races, the career system is pretty lackluster, the AI still does some weird things and the visual damage modeling is not quite up to scratch yet. Overall though, this game is worth every single cent and then some"
,Recommended,244210,14878941,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Boltar,"Seriously, this is a whole new level of SimRacing. Compared to RaceRoom, GranTurismo, and whatsoever.. they are all 2005, and this is 2015. The feedback you get from the car is impressive. It's so detailed, that you can now actually learn how to sense when your tyres are starting to lose grip. The only negative thing is the sound. On the Alfa 155, the sound is awesome, but on the M3s, Z4 and some other it's just really poor."
,Recommended,244210,14931222,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Thrustypuss,"Super realistic, great game but and a huge BUT the fact they have gone to DLC car/map packs. Very disapointing that they have gone down that path.Especially since the actual game still isn't out of 1.0 for long and there are still issues that need adressing."
76561198045624339,Recommended,244210,14931779,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,2 Baldy 1,"Best racing game I've seen in years, highly recommend it, hours of fun, I've had this game for ages. It just gets better and better. In my opinion it needs more old Formula 1""s 1950's and earlier would make it a perfect game. I seriously hope there are more classic car lovers out there that agree with me."
76561198167356169,Recommended,244210,14932978,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Farmall51,"Ive had this game for about 2 weeks now. This game is very, very good. The driving physics are great and everything looks very good and sharp. All cars are realistic and sound great. I have a higher powered pc so with graphics all the way up, it is about as real as it gets. Very fun and the dlc pack is awesome. I cant wait to see what more amazing cars they add."
,Recommended,244210,13564208,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Hellfire,One of the best driving sim experience of the moment. Very polished release. Mod community support is high.
,Recommended,244210,14943748,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Adum DeMemp,Just awesome
76561198019703562,Recommended,244210,14687513,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,meniac,Best car game ever !!!Bit of lag for me with maximum settings in triple screen mode with 4790K + GTX 780Ti + 16GB RAM.
76561198106118083,Recommended,244210,13578694,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,jtomerik,"seems like a pretty close ""real-life"" driving sim..!and car handling and feel with my G27-racingweel is Goodone thing i did not like is that i have to use the mouse when toggling threw the menus.but overall i Recomend it if you like the most authentic,close to real driving"
,Recommended,244210,13579575,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,TheBoi™,"If you're a racing fan, then this is a definite buy for you. This is easily my favorite racing game. The graphics are beautiful, the car designs are superb, the physics feel great, etc. The list goes on and on. I definitely recommend this game to anybody! I enjoy every second of it."
,Recommended,244210,13579737,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,nathonix,"Makes Gran Turismo feel like Need for Speed. Looks ♥♥♥♥♥in on my relatively low grade hardware. If you love cars, and you want a simulator, this is the one to get.specs: intel core 2 quad q6600, Geforce GTX 470, 5gb ram, two disk raid-0 for games."
,Recommended,244210,13581015,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,KVLU.,"Yup, this is it. The racing-simulator which filled the hole in me when I sold my PS3 and GT6."
76561198114367228,Recommended,244210,13076126,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,k4l1m3r,"This is no ordinary stuff.This is a serious sim racer. Cars reproduction is highly detailed not only in graphics (which is as stunning as it should be) but in real data and specs.Each car behaves differently, according to its characteristics and specifications. Each car has been reproduced on real life test basis and is really accurate.Tracks in the game are laser scanned, so every aspect of geometry is carefully reproduced down to bumps (and other stuff like that).Every aspect of driving experience is carefully tweakeable to anyone satisfaction: field of view, driver position, head motion and shakes, anything...Cockpits are crafted to satisfy hardcore fans in every minimal aspect and are fully enjoyable (beter to have an Oculus Rift DK2).Simulation doesn't mean boring though... every input method is supported from the fanciest wheel to simplest keyboard, passing through gamepads. Each driver can set up his driving aids to support his/her skills (or lacking of them). This game can be enjoyed either by a real pro and experienced sim racer, down to the occasional car enthusiast.Career mode, hotlap mode, time attack, full race weekend, drift mode, point based objectives with medals. All is conceived to satisfy different tastes and expectations.Every session is exportable to telemetry data analysis software, to inspect every bit of information the car had recorded and to improve on track performance.Each car has its real life settings available on the fly such as Traction control, ABS, stability control and mechanical adjustments are available in pits aswell.Then there are mods... unofficial free and payware content from serious artists is widely available in many communities online. Additional cars, tracks and on-screen python apps to extend functionalities are just the icing on the cake.I bought this game since the very first day it landed on the Early Access program here on Steam and I have to say ""Wow""! It has been constantly  improved and bugfixed. Content has been added since the first week and Release Candidate had seen massive improvement on many aspects.Never spent money better on a software in my life."
,Recommended,244210,13635555,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,suh dood,"I've never been a huge fan of racing games, but seeing as I had recently bought a Logitech G27 racing wheel, I decided to buy this game. Worth. Every. Cent. If you're looking for a casual, fun, NFS-like experience, this is definitely not for you. However, if you own or intend to buy a racing wheel, this game is a must have. Pretty much everything in the game can be tweaked, modified, and cheanged in any way.Pros+Great graphics+Total realism+Maximum customisation+ModsCons-No day/night cycle-No weather changes-Maps can be a little buggy sometimesIf you're looking for a complete simulation experience, seek no further and buy this game! If, however, you're looking for a fun, arcade game, you're on the wrong Store page.9.5/10"
,Recommended,244210,13636239,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,9221145,Abosolutelly fantastic simulator.Must have for the folks who like cars on tracks. ))
,Recommended,244210,13638527,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,The RedSnow,I have Ferrari now.
76561197971196164,Recommended,244210,13489676,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Gaylord-Focker,Well Nords with GT3 Cars its simply AMAZING ! thank you honestly i didnt though it would be this good.10/10
,Recommended,244210,11854198,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Lancer,"It is a work in progress, but the officially released cars all handle extremely well and feel very realistic. The settings page is very detailed makes almost everything in the car adjustable. All it needs in my eyes is an officially released AWD car, night-time racing and the Nordschleife. The rest can be done by modders."
76561198068259886,Recommended,244210,14952437,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,NZ-Banana,The best racing game out their for hotlapping/practice. AI are quite lack luster. I have multiplayer connection issues since the latst update  so that isn't the best.  When it works though its bloody amazing
,Recommended,244210,13720833,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,QasimAli,yes yes yes
76561198036015810,Recommended,244210,12823523,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,eviljoseph101,"So alot of people are complaining that the DLC is a huge scam and that they feel ripped off because the game was in early access, well to that iI can add that i felt that way for a while until i researched a little about the game, the work put into the tracks and cars  took them years and they are so well done, and in my opinion i feel they are very worth the price. If you dont like the price then just wait for a steam sale then buy it.Altogether i believe its a very fun and enjoyable game worth buying. I use an xbox 360 controller and drive just fine in any car in the game. i didnt even tweek the setting.Dont complain about crashing into walls a bunch and blame it on the controller. -sucks to suck-I might add that a steering wheels would make this game alot more intense.the game is not glitchy and has never crashed on me, the grphics are outstanding.So all in all, buy this game during a steam sale!!!! totally worth it!"
,Recommended,244210,14968229,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,CrustyA,Great racing sim. Dream Pack is also well worth it. Just discovered creating your own career events which is working out very well.
,Recommended,244210,14974985,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Al Saraidy,The Best Driving Simulation!
76561198101512867,Recommended,244210,14766224,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,kj6zd,"Well, I just  put in about 10hrs of burning rubber.At first, I was a little reserved about the steering wheel setup. It was a little too tight for my taste. But after a few laps, it felt easy enough to manage. It takes some time though.""My mistake, wheel was not setup correctly!"" It does fine after using the Wheel Wizard setup. If you are using the Logitech G25, make sure your global settings make sense, otherwise steering is very sensitive.I'll see once the DLC is released if I can brag about the content. One thing I will enjoy for sure, is the Nordschleife.The cars actually handle very close to the real thing, as supposed to RRE, which is very difficult to control and you'll always feel like you are driving on black ice.For now, I am using the beginners settings within AC, will experiment later with ABS and TC off.With Assetto Corsa, I am actually able to re-gain control from spin, great work, this is how a real car handles.Graphics is excellent and so is the sound.One thing I disliked, was simply the default content. There could have been more cars, but thats how Software developer   create their residual income, nowadays.Also, in some menu scenario, there is text over printing other text and it is difficult to read. This might have been some debugging info for BETA.Allover, I like the simulator and possibly like it even more once the DLC is on my computer.As of now, I haven't explored all the menus and features!"
76561198135736607,Recommended,244210,14815284,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Fixedup,"great handling and visuals but I'm dissapointed that you need to pay for full Nurburg Nords, also a pretty boring 'game', well because it is a pure sim racer I suppose not meant to be fun or diverse . I understand paying for extra cars but cutting out tracks is dissapointing, especially the best ones. I now slightly regret buying it many months ago but only because money is tight. but I can see why people love it and would recommend it for a realistic driving experience. Don't go in looking for a fun game. As it is purely a simulator"
76561198140720302,Recommended,244210,13313378,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,[IFN] Boz [EA],"So I bought this game i read the reviews on ""the crew"" and basically over all i heard it was a completely♥♥♥♥♥♥game so i decided to buy this. I bought a steering wheel the Logitech Driving force pro over summer this year and playd a few free to plays and was glad that it worked although i really wanted an actual driving game like one i can drift on and race an what not. I bought this game yesterday and so far i've got 31 hours into the game. I haven't played WoW or DayZ standalone or Arma 2 or even Garry's mod!. I am a MAJOR car fanatic I myself drive a 2014 race red ford mustang. I can't believe how amazing this game is put together espesically for drifting, I have for now been playing the practice drift mode and learning to drift on it using the wheel and my god it is AMAZING. Im glad i bought this game and im so happy to see so many positive reviews on it, although i did try 2 servers on the online mode and there are like atleast 100 people on the online servers so idk if once ""the crew"" came out this game just like died? or what... But I hope it's not dead considering I just bought it and im actually writing my first review ever for any game. Hopefully anyone else that loves to drift or drive or anything will buy this game it's def worth the price I just hope since it's still in BETA that eventually they'll add more cars like the 370z and mustang and 240x ect ect. I hope people see this review about the game and go ahead an buy it! Sorry if this was the worse you've seen but hey like I said the first time I've ever written a review for any game :) Have fun and hope to see you guys all in game!!!"
76561198078168868,Recommended,244210,13583442,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Backer,Awesome simulator!
76561198026479173,Recommended,244210,13722804,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Josh!,"Good simulator, but needs more features (Like warm up laps, false starts) and more full race series to be as good as something like rFactor (Luckily the modding community is healthy and is creating more race series)."
76561198062067323,Recommended,244210,12206223,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Gingerf1sh,my pc is above recommended specs but frame rate has gone awful just hope its short term while its still in early access
76561198015724149,Recommended,244210,12929580,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,MonkeyGames,"It is a good game. But I like GTR2 from simbim better for several reasons. wich I don't want to get into right now.I have spend many hours on racing (sim) games, still on in to NASCAR racing 2003 season, luv that one!!  :)Im a rally cross fan, so dirt (though, a questionable simcade...) kind of crossbreed, is still a fav for me.  Yes R.Burns be olso on my list, did them all and still do. Nevertheless Asetto Corsa amongst sets the new erra and one of the few wich do good in any way I think. But there be some more to come ofcourse as it's still under devs tabletops so good deeds done here to the team! Though it maby be picky from me nut it seems like the sound seem a tiddy overthrow to the my ears, but I might have to fiddle with some settings maby. The 7.1 system (at least with me) doesen't seem to add up quite well it seems.All in all, a 8.5/10 for this one! Keep up tha good work!"
76561198077983955,Recommended,244210,12930881,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,marnixhoogwater,"Great game, really need to get a wheel to have a good driving experience."
76561198025606557,Recommended,244210,12941646,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,marwol,"Fantastic game for those who want a really great fun racing experience.If you're looking for a career mode with loads of bells and whistles like something from Codemasters, then you might not enjoy it.However, if you appreciate a challenge of really having to learn tracks and how different cars really handle differently, then this is a joy, and likely will keep you entertained for hours and hours.P.S. - I do play with a wheel, not sure whether this game would be very satisfying with a joypad."
,Recommended,244210,12914702,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Wndknd,Only some special points about this game. Nothing basic:Pros:+nice real handling of cars+good looking+good sound+feels very real (playing with a usb-wheel)+nice features for testing (lots of UI stuff)+nice camera modesCons:-not too much cars right now (still adding some (alpha))-nothing about tuning like a motor swap or anything like this...(maybe will be added in future)
76561198095925423,Recommended,244210,12982090,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,grremlin0six,i have played most of the sim racing games over the last 10 years and this game has hands down the best driving physics i have ever played! if you like realistic racing then this game is a must have :)
,Recommended,244210,13157422,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Albert Hoffman,"Works damn well.Flawless with my G27. Realistic feel and responds well with my input. I'd like to see more tour cars though, because I feel the amount of supercars compared to slower cars is overpowering.Reccomended."
,Recommended,244210,13092969,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,ITA=TNT<SEREUPIN>,"This game is very good, it's a car simulator with future. To have fun with friends online is very easy with this product.I am happy to have bought it."
,Recommended,244210,13127770,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,хвзз,"Love the physics,Needs more cars though..."
76561197993664170,Recommended,244210,13130789,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,smudek,Worth the money! For me best simulator out there!
76561197996334653,Recommended,244210,13113584,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,AzN | The Wise Monk of Negev,QUIT TRYING TO OPTIMIZE FOR GAMEPADS. ITS RUINING THE GAME. FFB FEELS WORSE NOW THEN WHEN IT WAS IN EARLY ACCESS. PLZ FIX.
,Recommended,244210,13117300,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,ุ smudge on the moon,"a wheel focused game, really fun if you take some time to learn how the cars handle"
76561197970340928,Recommended,244210,12893994,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,bone_rat,"Hell yeah!My first racing sim and I love it - just spent the money for a proper wheel g27.No regrets from my side that i bought it. And one of the best things it's fully modable - but for now I am really satisfied when I finish a couple of laps without a heavy driving mistake. I am gettin' better, so watch out you guys and gals on your ac servers, I'm coming for you :) .Thank so much for this game."
76561198070022961,Recommended,244210,13059430,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,HolyKickZ™,"Realistic, hard and fun, what else do you need of a realistic racing simulator. I know it is in an Alpha/Beta stage, but still fun and defiant. Enough racing classes to choose: Stock, Street, Race, GT, Formula and tracks around the world. A favorite for every racing/car lover."
76561198159070530,Recommended,244210,14790977,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,kenwyurick,"This sim plays immaculately. I am absolutely blown away that this is the work of just 10 people. Really hoping too see them include a day/night cycle sometime soon (it currently has a time slider that stops at dusk). Also the Oculus DK2 support for this title is flawless. If you have a Rift and are on the fence about this game, I implore you to buy this game. Easily my most played game in the rift, as it has a great sense of speed and presence and NO motion sickness AT ALL; seriously I played this game for a solid 3 hours in the Rift with NO nausea what-so ever. I can't recommend this sim enough."
76561198116535565,Recommended,244210,14772574,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,YKT_BR,"Assetto Corsa is the best racing simulation I ever played, the behave of the car are incredible, the feeling of the traction, over and under steer and the fidelity of the physics are impressive. Graphics and sounds are amazing."
76561198039665221,Recommended,244210,14774408,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,anoldfart,"This is my first car game .Basically it is based on European maps and cars and as close to real physics. Although that is changing with players being able to make their own cars and maps,The best part for me is Multiplayer and Hotlaps. I am currently involved in weekly challenges and car races."
,Recommended,244210,14775696,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,yo mamma,"Amazing game,constantly improving with game updates and cars.Has mod support which allows people to create some amazing stuff."
,Recommended,244210,14777207,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,n0izZ,A fantastic real simulator !
76561198010942559,Recommended,244210,14778369,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,halo jones 101,"Great Game with Huge potential long term potential, the opertunities to personalise and playing around with setting and tweaks within the program to get it just how you want, is great and it just so pretty too..."
,Recommended,244210,14783173,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Zurix,"I am usually a huge fan of racing simulators and have been waiting quite some time for a decent one to come out on PC to counter Forza and Gran Turismo. I purchased this game over a year ago, and have seen very little progression which I was not too concerned about, what I AM worried about is the they already have DLC available which seems as if the content in the DLC should have just been included in an update. The game only came with 6 or so vehicles, and I, as im sure others, were under the impression that more cars would be added later, NOT that for another 1/4 of the total cost of the game would you have to actually purchase another 10 cars. Please don't turn into one of those ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ companies who is going to charge for every pixel on the screen.Do not get me wrong, this is a very good simulator, even more so if you have a wheel and pedals, I just hope this isn't going to be one of those pre-purchase alpha games, which unless you pay a second time, don't ever actually get the game it was intended to be. That defeats the whole purpose of pre-purchase."
76561198031663396,Recommended,244210,14784790,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,bLZBUd,"A lot of games both past and present either look good, sound good or feel good, but not so many can pull off all three. Most fail completely to do any of those things if were honest, but no so this one. Assetto Corsa executes brilliantly the total experience of driving exotic race cars and crazy fast hyper cars on iconic European tracks.Although you can get a taste using a keyboard, realistically a steering wheel with force feedback is a must. G27’s are a solid choice, mine has been running like a clock for years. There ya go, two reviews in one, hows that for value."
76561197974560247,Recommended,244210,14170331,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,NucularMastermind,"I've been playing Racing Sims starting on my old PS1 with Gran Tourismo and Gran Tourismo 2, however, since my switch to the PC I haven't been able to find a capable racing sim.Well, the search is over. Assetto Corsa is simply amazing. I bought it as an early access, and my expectations have been surpassed consistently.If you are looking for an immersive racing experience, with beautiful graphics and goosebump-inducing sound, this game is for you. The rendered cockpits and laser-scanned tracks are unlike anything I've seen so far on the PC. And due to the constant updates by the dev team, it only gets better.Kudos to Kunos Simulazioni. They are doing a superb job."
76561198085664793,Recommended,244210,14171809,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,MrGrrnjeans,"Great sim racer.  Limited cars and tracks (probably DLC later which is one drawback).  Decent career mode, and a lot of extra challenge modes. The cars and tracks that are here are nice.  Ferrari, RuF, BMW, etc.  Technical racing/driving - good fun for those interested in realistic sim racing.  A nice steering wheel makes all the difference.  I haven't tried online multiplayer so I can't comment on that aspect of the game."
,Recommended,244210,14173201,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,roboc,"Fantastic racing game, it's all I play now - challenging, fun, quick to get driving just an all round smashing game. I use a steering wheel and pedals and the feedback is great and feels very realistic...'cos extrapolating from my volvo to a KTM X-bow is not prone to error right? ;-)"
76561198035671649,Recommended,244210,14230826,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,ECLECTIC,"It's like Iracing but better. Laser scanned tracks, super realistic tracks but you also get mods and it only costs $50.00."
,Recommended,244210,14253145,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Console Noob,"Best racing game I have ever played, even with a controller instead of a wheel the experience is top notch.Yes, it needs more cars and tracks but that can be said for every racing game.I easily have 5000 hours invested in the first 4 installments of Forza Motorsport and let me say AC is a step above any of them and all the other console and PC racing games I've played. The learning curve is steep, you can't just go balls to the wall in a strange car on a track you have never drove. however once you start learning the cars, tracks and AI it gets easier, still challenging but more than possible to win.I can play 35-65FPS on an AMD A10-5800K without a dedicated GPU on minimum settings 800x600 which is great for a game that looks as good as it does."
76561198031621141,Recommended,244210,14201144,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,IMPULSETBM,best racing simulator ever
,Recommended,244210,14241415,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Kim Ketchum,Really in love with this game. Has potential to be at the top of Sim racing if it isn't already!
76561198004229070,Recommended,244210,14237537,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Biscuits,"Ok I'm going to be fair and change my review. After spending a couple of hours of frustration playing  Assetto Corsa after I first installed it, I was feeling pretty ripped off- lots of parts didn't seem to work, poor Xbox controller compatibilty, dated graphics etc. Strangely I felt compelled to play it again this evening, actually looked forward to playing around with the settings to see if I could get it to work as I liked. Once set up, I did a few laps in one of the Ferraris in cockpit view mode with manual gears and it's definately starting to appeal. Usually when I buy a game I'm used to it 'working straight out of the box' so to speak. A.C is a learning curve but that makes it all the more rewarding.Some of the tracks don't work currently, I'm not sure why. Also I'll stick by what I said about the graphics being weak, especially if you choose to play with the camera in third person view as the cars look as if they're floating an inch or three above the track.It doesn't feel finished (I guess it isn't?) but if you're willing to put in the time, it's a lot of fun. Hopefully they'll do something about the graphics in an update, if they can."
76561198024939001,Recommended,244210,13501973,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Khishin,"Very realistic physics, great graphics and sound. Playing with an Xbox 360 controller has a steep learning curve but playing with a wheel and pedal set (G27) is great. Very good modding support and very easy to install mods."
76561198140593381,Recommended,244210,13511796,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,EB,Perfect!
76561198015518530,Recommended,244210,13551968,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,fosters5,"Not much to dislike about this, absolutely fantastic, one of the best racers I've ever played, and most importantly for me is its 3D vision ready and it looks amazing with 3D. Great AI, great multi player and a single career mode as well as practice for learning the tracks and time attacks. Kunos has pulled off the racer of the decade for me, miss this and your missing a stonking sim, you'd be mad to overlook this one. Oh, forgot to mention the countless mods for this game with tons of free downloadable tracks, cars and skins. Just buy it."
76561198047797667,Recommended,244210,13553057,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,OneSneakyBastid_Few,"PROS!+Wonderful physics+As of 1.0, GORGEOUS graphics on max+Laserscanned tracks+Modding support! \o/+Awesome Devs that communicate with the community+427 Shelby Cobra was once a popular mod and is now in the game+My God, listen to the turbo on the Ferrari F40+Has controller support for those still on the edge about buying a wheel (DO IT, you won't regret it)+Has profiles for several popular racing wheels (G25, G27, Thrustmaster, Fanatec, etc)+ Difficult/Challenging Career mode+Lotus Type 49+Multiplayer (still in Beta though, open to changes)+In depth tuning of your cars and the ability to save tune set-ups for specific cars to specific tracks.+Gives a good explaination of what tuning option does for your car. (Tire pressure, Gear ratios, Toe in/out, etc. are all explained)Cons =(-Supports the Logitech DFGT wheel but does not have a profile. Will have to manually calibrate the wheel and make adjustments in the Logitech profiler to get it to register the 900 degree rotation. (A bit aggravating but not a big deal)-My G27 has no deadzone when the wheel is centered so the 2 FFB motors are constantly fighting one another on straights. (A bit annoying but no big deal. Fixed most of it in the game settings and Logitech proiler.)-/+Career Mode AI may be too challenging for casual gamers (May be tweaked, its still early access afterall.)-Not a terribly large selection of cars at the moment, mainly due to the fact that Kunos is not a large company and I read they spend roughly 9 weeks on each car they add. Quality > Quantity when it comes to racing. Besides, modders are adding in their own, and the game is not complete yet. More cars are on the way.-Would be nice if you could host a multiplayer game with the click of a button rather than having to set up a dedicated server. Multiplayer is still in beta, that may or may not change.-Customization of cars is limited to picking a color/livery. Can't make your own like in Forza but it can be done using modding tools.-That danged 5 sec penalty for going off the track whether you did intentionally or not.Would I recommend this game? The thumbs up seems to say so. You really need a good wheel to fully enjoy this game and it goes on sale often so you can pick it up for $20 or so. I don't see why people give a negative review because of a lack of content in a game that isn't finished."
,Recommended,244210,13554250,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,EyeOfTheHawks,"Assetto Corsa is a fantastic Racing Simulator.It has a Career Mode, which is actually just a bunch of tier-separated events. Basically theres a few Time Attacks and a few AI races with predetermined cars to do for each tier. A little disappointing honestly, being someone who has come from Forza and Gran Turismo style careers.There is the typical Time Attack and Free Drive modes, which you select your car and track then have at 'er.Then there is a Multiplayer Mode, which I am yet to actually play after ~10 hours of gameplay. There is also some sort of Drift mode which I haven't tried yet either.The game itself runs very well on my Rig on the highest settings, which is slightly higher than a middle of the line system (GTX770 + FX8350). It sits at about 100-130fps at any time @ 1920x1080.The simulation aspect of the game feels very accurate, but I am not the best judge as I am not a professional driver in real life.  What I can say is that a lot of things are simulated.  You have the option to turn on/off cosmetic and mechanical damage, there is tyre wear, there is fuel consumption, there are a variety of assist options including sliders on the Stability Management so its not just on/off.   You can turn Traction Control on/off, as well as use the Stock TCS for the given car.  It has full support for a variety of Race Wheels, KB+Mouse, and Gamepads (X360 included).  I play with a X360 Controller at the moment, but am looking to invest in a Racing Wheel specifically for this game.  You have the option to turn on/off throttle blips for shifting, Clutch on/off, Manual/Auto transmission.Being too aggressive with the trottle can lead to very difficult to recover situations depending on the car you are using, and the assist level, and the game has a fair punishment for cutting the track (5s or down to 50km/h), or the same for just simply running into someone.The game has fantastic true-to-life graphics, as well as a tonne of animated interiors and exteriors.  For example, Driving the KTM Xbow you can see the Front Suspension move accurately with each bump you go over, it looks fantastic.The game itself is still in the works and adding new content with every patch. At the time of writing this they have RUF, Toyota and a few others in the ""Coming Soon"" section of the car selection.I can only hope there will be more tracks as well, including a full version of the Nurburgering (there is a Sprint and the GP right now).One thing that may throw you off, the game has a launcher where you select the track, car, mode etc, then during loading it spawns another window which the game is actually played in. So programs close and open between races. I'm not quite sure why they've decided to do it like that."
76561198025268079,Recommended,244210,13554295,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,One above all,WOW WHAT A Game runs so well sound and Physics are excellent. Difficult to master at first but thats the fun given the real world experiences .
,Recommended,244210,13562264,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,StatiixPants,One of the best racing game out there!
,Recommended,244210,13546177,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Michael42424,"Assetto Corsa is a great simulator that allows you to fine tune every aspect of the chosen car, the attention to detail is also very good while other games primarily console race simulators touting their game depicting active areo and such, this game seems to hit it on the mark case in point the Ferrari Laferrari. watching detailed gopro vids and seeing how the active areo works then put on the latest console simulator its a static up down where as AC mimics how it would work in the real world. this isnt the type of simulator that you can just start up and race like the console simulators. without the proper set ups you manually tweek every car feels the same like a big heavy 80's station wagon start fine tuning the chosen car and you will notice a huge difference in how the car drives. this is a simulator at its best. as i progress through the game i will update my review. with the latest patch the developers applied i can now race longer than 1 minute 30 seconds without the CPU at 95% occupancy warning followed by a game crash."
,Recommended,244210,13563002,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,PasDeDeux,"I really need to pick up a racing wheel and find out what the hype is all about.For now, I use an X360 wired controller and it's OK. The trouble is one of the most classic PC gaming issues: there's deep customizability of the sensitivity, turn speed, dead zone, etc., but the default settings (and some of the recommended settings I've tried) are not great and the meaning of ""gamma"" for example (NOT visual--that's a control tuning option) is not obvious.Physics feels great, graphics are good, I do have to admit that for using a 360 controller I prefer Forza, but not by much."
,Recommended,244210,13564187,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Wingar Scarlett,"Assetto Corsa is nothing short of a fantastic racing sim, however this does mean that it really is a simulator, it's not trackmania. The game is best experienced with a proper wheel/pedal setup, but a controller or keyboard will play just fine.It's one of the best wins for early access, in all honesty."
,Recommended,244210,13564308,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Ruisleipätrikoot,Great game once you get the settings right for your driving wheel. Playable with xbox controller but not as pleasant as with pedals and a wheel
76561198082162018,Recommended,244210,13564612,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Nessunoutis,Awesome game
,Recommended,244210,13564622,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,BISCO,This is not a game. It's the simulator. That's right: THE simulator. 12/10
,Recommended,244210,13565226,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,LumberCrusher,I would like to say that AC is one of the most realistic racing games I have ever played and I have been with it since 0.5 and it is rly rly good
76561198050348152,Recommended,244210,13566009,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,M1nty,"A great simulator for both hardcore racers and casual gamer. My only complaint would be that the sound is not to great (The cars dont sound very realistic) But apart from that, its a great game."
,Recommended,244210,13566462,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,archenemies666,"one of the best racing sims i've ever played. great graphics, and great game play. i'm looking forward to future updates."
,Recommended,244210,13566485,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,izzu,"I regret not buying this while it was still in Early Access, if I would know I would support the development of this game from the very start. Ive been a big fan of sim racing but the lack of good racing sim on PC, makes me go for the consoles version of Forza and GT. This game would bring back sim racing genre on PC as I bet that if this game make a huge success on PC platform, others devs would want to grabe a bite on the market and we would get more sim racing for the PC.If you want a good solid sim racing game that can go neck to neck with iRacing and rFactor but comes with better graphic, go fior this one. You wounlnt regret it."
76561198051885809,Recommended,244210,13566563,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,GrinderCZ,Must have for all racing fans...
,Recommended,244210,13567442,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Ace,"One of the best sim racing games out there, definatly recommend picking it up. Also the dev team is one of the best i've seen, and have made sure I didn't regret purchasing the game in its early access stage."
,Recommended,244210,13568365,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Nikolas,"At last a true Car Drive simulator is accessible for all. This simulation is superb, the feel you get on the wheel is something phenomenal! For the first time in my life (I'm playing this kind of games since 1987) and after playing with myriad of racing games I can say that, the feel on the wheel is exactly what is should be, you know every time what is happening on your wheels. Forget about the graphics or the amount of vehicles you can drive or the flags system does not work (who said that???). They don't matter at all, this sim is joy, and video games should give joy. Asseto Corsa is setting a grand milestone for the car simulation on computers.Bravo and thank you Kunos, Aristotelis and the all the rest of developers, keep on the good work. You should be proud!!P.S. All the guys that give negative they probably tried the sim with a joypad or with keys. Buy a wheel and try again, you will be amazed..."
76561197993201332,Not Recommended,244210,13131845,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Butters,"Edit: I've reconsidered. It was very irresponsible of the Devs to release the game without making a VR menu. The game works fine in VR except for the mainmenu. This is a huge problem.I don't often do racing games, but I tried this because I have an Oculus Rift, and I can tell you that it is absolutely beyond beleif. This game is absolutely fenomenal in the DK2. The presence is amazing.If this game was 100 euro I would probably still buy it just to be able to feel like I am in an actual car.To the Devs: Oculus support is amazing, please keep on being awesome."
,Recommended,244210,13558996,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,B.O.B.A.,"I got this game mainly for the drifting (don't judge) but I have tried the campaign and boy is regular racing a blast in this game. I got this game when it was on sale but didn't really start racing until I got my racing wheel. If I knew this game was this fun, i would of gotten my wheel sooner. Soooo worth the money guys, absolutely the best (PC) racing simulator out there right now!!"
,Recommended,244210,11104670,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,fingu,"Right from the start, I will mention that you need a very powerful PC to run this game to its full potential. But you probably already knew that, because this is marketed as a 'next-gen' racing simulation.And coming from the Gran Turismo 6, this is one hell of an upgrade. Cars don't sound like hoovers, the textures look, well, textured and the physics (a strong point in GT6) are just as admirable.One thing I'm not too much of a fan of is the fact that the clutch is amazingly sensitive for all cars (and yes, you have to use the clutch pedal for AT flappy paddle cars too for some reason). Only a couple of milimetres makes the difference between revving without motion and stalling. Then again, I use a Logitech G27; your experience with other clutch wheels may differ.This game is without a doubt very hard to master. But I really like that, because when you finally do a sucessful drift, it actually makes you smile. GT6 did not do that on any level whatsoever.The obvious rival for this game is Project: CARS - another car game I'm looking forward to - because they both seem to have stunning visuals and the same kind of mix between simulation and fun. You can't do the career mode on Assetto Corsa yet, so it'll be interesting to find out what that's like later.Overall? The Ferrari 458 Italia actually sounds like a Ferrari 458 Italia. 8/10."
,Recommended,244210,11899446,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,S|King -iwnl-,"The simulation seems to be spot on, especially loving the Formula 1 stuff"
,Recommended,244210,11900939,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,robbio71,This game is amazingly good. Runs perfectly on my Lenovo Y-50 UHD on mostly maximum settings and with my thrustmaster tx wheel. I have moved here from Forza 5 and I will never go back. The feedback on the wheel in this game is an absolute joy and it just feels so much like I'm driving a car. I thought Forza was good but this is something else. I love that there is so much downloadable free content on the Assetto Corsa forum. I also highly recommend the RSR LiveTiming App that can be added to the game which enables world rankings for each track and car combo as well as loads of special events. The small selection of tracks that ship with this early access  version are of a high quality graphically and I was amazed at the quality of the downloadable tracks too. This game is about feel and it feels great 9/10. (Loses a mark because it has no weather - will have to wait for Project Cars for that!)
,Recommended,244210,12271634,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,|WHIFFTASTIC| Hossdelux,"This is the most badass game there is. Mods are epic and plenty. If you have a wheel, I recommend giving this a go."
76561198154726211,Recommended,244210,12275112,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,slirazer,"Assetto Corsa is great on the pc even at this stage in development, a great driving simulation, lots of user set ups with the mechanics of each car, there is enough content right now to get your sim driving fix, but in my honest opinion my simulation racing experience would be enhanced greatly with proper simulation racing hardware, my XBOX 360 windows controller does not cut it."
,Recommended,244210,12532932,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,[ANBU] Luis Moreno,"Assetto Corsa sets the standard in flexibility. Not only does it look pretty even in 30fps on high settings on full car pack, but it also provides good expansion features for future content updates, both first and third party developers.A masterpiece from Kunos"
76561198085493635,Recommended,244210,12535090,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,twoboats,"It's a pity that in the v1.0 version they removed the Chinese translation....Btw in my logitech G27, the lights which hints the time to shift do not light in this game."
76561198011798933,Recommended,244210,12535438,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Phil Ciborowski,"Having seen the game go from its unfinished state to its  version 1.0 -  I can say that there has been a ton of improvement in it.Its a blast to drive- cars handle as they should tracks are beautifully modeled. Lighting is fantastic.Career mode is kinda silly, but the online racing is great (so are the 1 off quick races you can do with the AI).the game is definately worth picking up and spending time getting into - but give it an honest shot (not a 2 minute ""this thing sucks"" as i did the first time) - you wont be let down."
,Recommended,244210,12540808,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,THE RETURN OF Hitsballs,Best PC racing in a long time!
,Recommended,244210,7819649,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Windowmaker,Sim is good. Get it.
76561198018019438,Recommended,244210,7825113,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,FLOURIDE,"Excellent, can't wait to see what they make of it."
,Recommended,244210,7843657,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,TheWheelNut,The definitive racing game of 2013.
76561197993477215,Recommended,244210,7845427,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Biddox,"Amazing. Stunning graphics, excellent simulation. The most enjoyable racing sim I have ever played. Cannot wait for it to be complete."
,Recommended,244210,7847335,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Falco,A True Simulator
,Recommended,244210,7848172,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Seswick The Sim Racer,"this game is one of the best so far i have played for physics the tyre model is good also and the graphics compared to iracing,so far this game has lived up to its hype,i can only hope they continue the 2 week relases of new content because if they do this sim will go from strength to strength! i cant rate this game enough"
76561198012531965,Recommended,244210,7894180,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,GHOST,i cant wait for the full release! awesome! the best driving sim i have ever played! better than GT5/Forza/RFactor!
76561198036137342,Recommended,244210,7906473,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,ShimaPanzer,"For being a Early Access this game is really good. Its a racing sim so it isnt like alot of the racing games on steam. Realism is its first goal. Graphics and Sound are great, cars feel real. there are Options to change the gear ratios, tire pressure and etc it goes on and on. my only issue with it is that so far it is only Euro cars, so there is only a small amount of cars, which dosent suprise me due to it being a Early Access. A drifitng mode is a plus however it feels odd, hopefully they will fix it up but otherwise its enjoyable."
,Recommended,244210,7914599,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Vrod302,"Absolutely beautiful game. Long time racing game fan. I used to consider Forza the best racing game on the market. 2 hours with Assetto Corsa, and I feel like I've found my new standard. even with the limited vehicle and track selection it blows everything else out of the water in my opinion."
,Recommended,244210,7916832,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Theogore,"If you like cars and love racing, you won't find a better simulator elsewhere. Highly recommend getting a racing wheel for this though. A G27 at the very least."
,Recommended,244210,10885119,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,RobVaivodiss,"The physics are just insane in this game. Definitely use a wheel for this game to experience the full simulation. Do NOT use an Xbox One controller yet, it makes the game use up your whole CPU for some reason. This is an Early Access game, so do not expect a full fledged game. The content that is there is done well, and I would recommend playing it. Can't wait to see what is in store for the future in this game."
76561198014323936,Recommended,244210,10030720,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,livewire,Steering took several hours to get setup properly.
,Recommended,244210,10905885,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,D2K77,One of the most amazing Sim racing titles to come out in years. If they can get the Multiplayer right then this will be huge
,Recommended,244210,11012132,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Open2nd,Lots of potential here to be the next big race title. 4 out of 5 zooms.
76561198099055172,Recommended,244210,11017041,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,6 is better then 12,very good will only get better when full game is released
,Recommended,244210,11018330,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,zorroa3,This is the first time I'm playing a simulation racing game. It is great although I only play with keyboard. I cannot drift and have to turn on most assists though. If I have a wheel I think I will never look back on NFS and Grid.
,Recommended,244210,10984177,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,P O L Y B I U S,"After switching over to PC for gaming, I needed to replace Gran Turismo with an equally awesome racing sim. Assetto Corsa is really shaping up to be that replacement. So far, the early access is impressive with their demonstration of what they can do in terms of physics and beautiful graphical rendering of tracks and cars. There is so much more to be desired though, but that is to be expected and also a very good thing with an alpha. And I couldn't ask for a better price than the Summer sale's 19.99.Note that I did play this game with a 360 controller, so YMMV with a M+K. I'd like to get a logitech racing wheel for this game alone!!Can't wait for the full game, I have faith that it will be pretty awesome! I have a feeling that it will be overshadowed by Forza and GT7(?), though. Let's hope not. Let's hope the PC master race sets racing sim industry standards with this title."
76561198060329998,Recommended,244210,10986554,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Ed_P,Furious Fast Fun Realistic racer. Two thumbs up!
,Recommended,244210,11152415,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,MrKillingUall,This is a fantastic game with great physics. One of the better driving simulators I've played.
,Recommended,244210,11154360,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,The Angry Arab,"This game is absolutely dope! It completely outruns iRacing in terms of feel and textures on the force feedback function. The graphic is fabulous, the menus are clean and the sound is just terriffic! This is one of those few games that makes you wanna throw more money in the devs facessss! YES!!"
76561198067061746,Recommended,244210,10977610,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Bobrovsky,Great Physics
76561198053680958,Recommended,244210,10961917,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Ravajava,"It all comes down to physics and gameplay. A decent, but altogether mediocre selection of cars and tracks (albiet of generally very good quality) will be sumplimented by mods. The physics and gameplay are generally fairly fun, and I am looking forward to the career mode and (possibly) a championship modes down the road.Also, I've found it very manageable with a 360 controller. Put on a few assissts and I think even those not sim inclined with find it fun.The penalty system is pretty damn annoying though, and I imagine that if left on during online play could lead to a lot more problems than it solves..."
,Recommended,244210,10880647,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,DeRudy237,"I feel really bad that, even on sale, my computer for some reason doesn't have the ability to even run this game on minimum settings, when it can run things like GTA and Bioshock and the Arkham series perfectly fine. I don't attribute this to the beta release, my computer is just a weird setup, I have the GPU power but I have an AMD A8 APU, which should meet the minimum standards, but because the architecture is so different than a standard Athlon or FX or even the Intel core series counterpart, the game runs horribly glitchy after I hit the gas.Do I recommend this game? Yes! It's one of the most amazing sim racers I've ever seen! but my problem is my own and I'm sad that I can't play it myself at the moment. I'll list my computer specs below just in case it's useful for anyone in a similar position.CPU: AMD A8 5600K Quad Core ( overclocked )MOBO: MSI A75 mATX boardMemory: Patriot 8GB 1600MHz DDR3 single stickGPU: nVidia GTX 760 Reference model ( standard clock )HDD and Network aren't a problem here so I won't bother"
76561197970391855,Recommended,244210,10881843,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Red_Nalf,Best racing game on PC at the moment.
,Recommended,244210,10871376,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,ErFatih,Perfect!
76561197971029222,Recommended,244210,10882864,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,sk8,With a controller the game is great fun.  With a g27 wheel...  It's nothing short of amazing.  The guys at Kunos have done it properly!  Can't wait for laser scanned Nordschleife and more cars.
,Recommended,244210,10883238,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Blazey,"Just, wow.After migrating from an XB1 to PC this year, all I've known for the past god knows how many years has been Forza. This is a breath of fresh air and so much more the 'simulation' racer than I'm used to. The cars feel amazing, they sound great and the environment and tracks are fantastic.Looking forward to getting a wheel for this game (currently suffering with a 360 controller) as I know it'll take the game to an even higher level."
76561198135114616,Recommended,244210,10884279,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Nomad,awesome'''''great
76561197990239694,Recommended,244210,10657743,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Captain Slow,"Great sim, shows a lot of promise. Can't wait to see what they do with it in the future."
,Recommended,244210,10782786,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,ShaunRW91,This is a really good racing simulator. It works perfect with my Logiteck G27 Wheel and the Buttkicker Gamer 2.
76561197997544596,Recommended,244210,22425756,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Kursownik,One of the best racing games! The feeling of the car is just amazing. 100% Must have for every petrolhead!
,Recommended,244210,30738901,Posted: 25 March,all,TheRealTNT,"A great racing game.  Cool selection of cars, great gameplay, great mechanics, great graphics."
,Recommended,244210,27476666,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Slon,Great!
,Recommended,244210,27925637,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,[KRS] Brad',fun sim much better on wheel
76561198151529984,Recommended,244210,27926233,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,xxZanderxx,Best Simulator ever!
,Recommended,244210,27897747,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,madotter,"This game needs lobbies for the online. The game is almost perfect, top graphics and gameplay but PLEASE make the online easier and this would be 10/10!!"
,Recommended,244210,27973970,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,wright,Best racing simulator I've tried.
,Recommended,244210,27967120,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,IvanAngryBear,10 tyre models out of 10
76561198153726856,Recommended,244210,27991591,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Melona,"One of the best racing sims ever made. Incredible physics, great sound and good graphics. 9/10"
,Recommended,244210,27991670,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,nunoinacio,"Excellent simulator for people who like realism.Pros: Physics, graphics, sounds.Cons: Career mode too simple. No rain nor night."
76561198273020510,Recommended,244210,33621662,Posted: 17 July,all,marskids4,if your have a wheel for it its amazing
,Recommended,244210,14310030,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,kungfyou,"Absolutely terrible with a controller, maybe a wheel would help.Edit*Got a wheel and pedals and it helped...a lot, great fun."
76561197996935989,Recommended,244210,16515006,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Wallace the Fish,"Such realism, feels like im driving inside the car itself. Great physics and great simulator, unfortunately i dont have enough space to put my wheel anywhere so i only use a controller. But this is the best driving experience i've had. feels so empowering to drive in the LaFerrari or the P1, even just sitting in a alfa romeo it is thrilling. Must have for driving enthusiasts or even just looking for a good driving game. 10/10cannot wait for more cars coming in future updates."
,Recommended,244210,16483556,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,hronet,"Oh wow, this game has amazing feel! IMO better than Race07, project cars and GT5 - right up there rivalling Live4Speed and iRacing for the top...The graphics are astonishing, and the AI ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥... nothing new under the sun in gaming :D"
76561198242202930,Recommended,244210,19761494,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,will.knott.tv,"Best driving sim out there. If it's a sim you're after rather than game, this is it!"
76561198082962306,Recommended,244210,23530853,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Maximilian Bui,"Might be the best all around racing sim out there. While the graphics aren't as visually aesthetic as Project CARS, they're still beautiful. The beauty about this game is the handling and complete mod-ability, so you can download tracks, cars, mods, liveries / skins, all the files, etc. This can make the game even better (of course depending on the quality of the mod you use). I was definitely intimdated at first by the modding aspect, but it's actually quite easy (although I haven't messed with online server and port stuff). Everything load really quickly, game automatically saves all race data (until you quit the session), and devs are awesome. Also many different ways to play the game, from circuit racing, endurance, drag racing, drifting, it's awesome. Could not recommend more highly."
76561198142951559,Recommended,244210,12189544,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Raoul Duke,Such realistic. Very cool and exciting game.
,Not Recommended,244210,8195530,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,[FL:RP] FuzzyDaBuddy,"The game is amazing, superb. More cars and we are up and running*EDIT* The inclusion of DLC for most cars and tracks with barely any updates otherwise has made me thing twice about recomending this game to anyone"
76561197992458336,Recommended,244210,24187564,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,ziogzzz,"Ok, this game is getting better time by time update after update. I was trying iRacing, left it, lifeless... last week bought again 1 month pass.. better graphics but lifeless, no feeling of car like in AC, So if you still think iRacing or Assetto corsa, stop thinking, it is way much better and more enjoyable! Plus, i bought it, even i had it downloaded from torrents, you have my money AC, keep going this way, and profit will be yours, i can spend my money easily for good product! of course servers should be more refined and AI fixed, nothing more we ask, of course F-1 :D which is comig and HTC VIve support!"
,Recommended,244210,14315565,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Sgt.StabStabs,Easily the best game you can play on your VR headset right now!
76561198036179779,Recommended,244210,24143225,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,gallo.dennis,"I never realized how horrible i am at driving until i started playing this game. Seriously though, it is a very fun game but also very challenging when coming from other less realistic driving simulators(also i refuse to use assists).I would definetely recommend this game to someone with a Force feedback wheel that is interested in an accurate racing simulator."
,Recommended,244210,24143337,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Hellcat,The best simulation racing game I have ever played!
,Recommended,244210,24142212,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,nStylezz,After playing this for 125h I have to say this is one of my favorite games in my library.
,Recommended,244210,24336248,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Link,Imo best racing sim ever!Mods are available so there are countless possible ways to play this sim!Just awesome :)
76561198041228725,Recommended,244210,14177830,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Tranquil,"Driving the Lotus 49 on 1966 Monza. :DLotus 25 in Car Pack #3 DLCMaserati 250F in the Red Pack DLC8 other Formula 1 cars of 1967 made by someone I don't know, but I would marry him even though I'm not gay.Thank you Kunos, for the experience! Hope you build more 60's F1 tracks like Monza 1966!"
,Recommended,244210,24323765,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,sky,PORSCHE
76561198076857776,Recommended,244210,24324396,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,MrGreenTurtle,"This racing simulator is one of the best racing simulators available for PC. The developers of this game update this game frequently and there many dlcs which enhances the game even more. I mean you can also get cars and tracks for free from the workshop and so on, but they are not as good as the cars and tracks provided in the dlcs. I have bought this game during the very early stages and I was skeptical at first that the developers will stop improving the game like many do. But this isn't the case with this game, I have bought this game for 30 if you can get it cheaper when it's on sale, I highly recommend getting this game then."
,Recommended,244210,24326395,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Lach,If you like going sideways around corners to eurobeat this is a good video game for you. Get the Japanese DLC pack for the big real AE86.
76561198113488574,Recommended,244210,24312872,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Blodstrupmoen35,Graet game for sim racing:)
76561198045890840,Recommended,244210,24351714,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Gazz,"9/10 - The most fun you can have on no wheelsDecent car and track selection, brilliant modding community, enjoyable and fun to drive physics. The AI is slowly being improved as well - not as good as the likes of Automobilista, but nowhere near the disaster that is C.A.R.S.If you are looking for a single player racing simulator to invest some time into, I'd say look no further - even just hotlapping in a Yellowbird or an F40can be crazy amounts of fun. If multiplayer/leagues are more your thing then I'd say stick to your rfactors, iracing or automobilista (though there are some really fun leagues/private servers in this game too).Pros:good choice of cars & tracksmost tracks laser scannedgreat graphicsFFB is pretty well definedgood car setup optionsCons:multiplayer isn't brilliantFFB lacks the precision of RF2 or Automobilista/GSCEengine sounds are a bit crappy, but are gradually improving"
76561198084736838,Recommended,244210,24441295,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Vinto12,Smashing!
76561197995673871,Recommended,244210,24459791,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,bored222,"brm brmmm brmmm screeech. All good, AI is much better since 1.7. Recommended."
,Recommended,244210,24403328,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Lemiwinks,"Seems to me like this games steering input requires so much more precision than the 30 degrees or so that controller joysticks give you, i seem to be understeering off a corner or hitting the apex backwards. This game really makes me want to buy a wheel so i guess i just have to save up!"
,Recommended,244210,13370146,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Porks F1SR,"I am editing my review after several major updates - AC is now a really great game it still has its quirks but on the whole it is great.Although graphically lovely and runs beatifully compared to rF2 on ATI cards, AC is lacking when it comes to multiplayer. Excellent as a single player game its needs a lot of improvement to be a viable multiplayer platform for league racing which is where most of the multiplayer racing scene is active.Some notable features that are missing from AC which should be incorporated as standard in a racing game are:A flag system.Pit Options menu for choosing tyres and fuel strategies. etc.Not having to wait for the car to stop before you can abort back to the pits.Traction Circle and Tyre Temps widget.Fuel Usage widget.Warmup Session.Allowing drivers to finish laps before moving onto the next sessionThe most major missing item is Server Admin Controls to allow for restarts and administration of players that are causing issues. Having a voting system is not enough. An Administrator needs to be able to make decisions on restarting sessions without a vote.As I do most of my racing online with others in league racing I cannot therefore recommend this game at present. As these things become added and fixed it will probably be the best racing game ever made to date but not in the present format."
,Recommended,244210,27190176,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Jartsa,"Driving in this game is amazing, the detail of the tracks and cars also, it could have a better career mode and some server filtering options, otherwise it's a very nice game."
,Recommended,244210,27238115,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,MadMat,This is the best PC Racing game ! Morevover Modding community it very active !
76561198075279921,Recommended,244210,27250640,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,JP,The most complete racing game by far for pc. With the new porsche dlc Im addicted. Worthe the wait and price.
,Recommended,244210,27129163,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,^6LooseLips,"I thought Project Cars was the be all and end all of car sims but was never happy with how it's car handling didn't feel like real cars. Then I moved across to Assetto Corsa and all I can say so far is wow. This truly feels like they have the handling realism alot closer to the real thing, incredible effort and work put into this game. Feels like a car game where they focused on the actual driving feel and then built the rest of the game up around that."
,Recommended,244210,27393373,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Valentas,Pros: EverythingCons: I sold my wheel
76561197986661579,Recommended,244210,27415328,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Chazz Barramundi,Definitely get your money worth for this game. I just wished it had a bigger variety of tracks and racing environments.
,Recommended,244210,25167644,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,SickenedMaggot,"A beast of a modern simulator. Only raced offline so far, I love it. Gonna try online soon, although I find it hard to find US servers that has good pings. Hope online is as good as offline. Best sim yet"
,Recommended,244210,26868415,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,IYF | Cpt. Meatshield,"Really great game for dedicated simulation fans. Could only recommend it for advanced and pro level drivers - however, even novice's could have fun in this with the huge amount of non-racing cars. IMO, the GT3's are a bit dominating in the game, but that's my only criticism. 9/10"
,Recommended,244210,26864994,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,-(EverReady)-,It's hard and take time to master..But don't give up..Recommended = YES
,Recommended,244210,26826033,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Such Player,"This racing simulator is just amazing. Everything feels fantastic while driving. Even if I haven't drive any of the real cars, I sure have a lot of fun racing them here, and I imagine they feel similar.As a game, there is nothing much to say. Carreer is just a simple set of races, with not a real sense of progresse.I really love this game. BUT the main interface...oh god, the main interface. Such a mess of buttons, options, menus...but well, once you get used to it, the interface is just horrible :) The game is amazing."
,Recommended,244210,26839857,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ryosaeba83,"It may miss a good campaign, the weather system is very basic, I would like some tracks more but it's the best driving simulator out there!"
76561198028833533,Recommended,244210,26869205,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,mn.koshiro,"You will never have so much fun driving virtual cars as you will with Assetto Corsa.If you are looking for a game where you can spend several hours just hot lapping your favourite car, trying to improve your laptimes or racing door to door through the forest in the Eifel mountains, look no further, this game brings driving realism to a new level. Add the strong mod community and you will never miss out on great tracks and cars."
,Recommended,244210,26872161,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jim,The only game where I need a change of pants taking Moby♥♥♥♥♥♥for a ride around Nordschleife.
76561198039752897,Recommended,244210,26810738,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,xMHDx,do you like sim racing? then buy this
76561198116335916,Recommended,244210,27027741,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,GingaNipps,"Great racing sim. large career mode is veryied and gets progressively harder. Large modding community,"
,Recommended,244210,27050787,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Nismoo,Such a great racing game. One of the best I've ever played!
,Recommended,244210,29341442,Posted: 18 January,all,1337Brian,Great game! Quite possible one of the best driving games I've played. Good job dev.
76561198126231536,Recommended,244210,22444066,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,thegodhimself,"This is one of the most beautiful games I have ever played in my gaming career. Even with the release of Quantum Break only just now, Assetto Corsa is contesting. The details of the cars, the reality of the tracks, and the realistic and unique handling of each and every car immerses you in this game's entirety. Tbh the engine roars give me shivers. No, this isnt need for speed, so no stupid car 360s, this is almost like the real driving experiece. Hotlaps after getting home from work in your ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Toyota Corola is an experience like no other. I definitely recommend this game to anyone looking for a beautiful realistic simulator"
,Recommended,244210,19905136,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,GeeNinja,"i will update this when it works!!!but i built my machine just to play race sims. and this game WAS on top of my list.....i would not ask anyone to get this as it keeps crashing, not start up, game restarts its self.its a nightmare.runningi7 5930k x99 chipset32gb ram960 ssd2x r9 390x crossfire ( thats 16gb of Vram )and a 4k pc monitorno its not hardware! it's the game.project cars on the otherhand and F1 2015 no problems.updated. (14/4/2016)well it has taken this long to fix the game.now im playing it I would say the game is very good in many ways.only few down points. ( this is only if ur trying to play on 4k rig)once u set it up as u like on 4k. the game its self plays very well but everything is too dam small u can not reay it. its needs some sort of dpi scaler or something?menu and be a bit jumpy at times.would i buy this game again?Yes i wouldwould i recommend the game?yes but only if u have the patience to set it up."
,Recommended,244210,22490307,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,cody,love this game
,Recommended,244210,8215056,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,sasukeskapa,Really good force feedback with awesome graphics and the best physics I ever enjoyed in a game. The car's body just moves how it should be and makes you smile when you witness it :) And the laser scanned tracks are quite amazing.
,Recommended,244210,20745019,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Majestik,"Drifting is fun, force feedback is much better than project cars however this game is only good for hot lapping with a fun experience.On the bright side modding is very easy."
,Recommended,244210,22614547,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Guspac88,"+I love this game, from its hotlap based physics to the moddable content.  With a 50GB folder of mods, I only have a fraction of the great ones made by the active community.  You can do anything from drifting an electric scooter to rallying a VW Polo in this game.  The graphics are nice but not over the top.  Multiplayer has relatively kind drivers, especially drift lobbies.-This is not a con of the game, just something to be noted.  The graphics, for what they are, aren't perfectly optomized.  I know I shouldnt't expect it to run well, but my R9 380 4GB will only run this game at 25 FPS, minumum settings with 3 1080p monitors.  I plan on upgrading to a used 390x once AMD's 400 series releases."
,Recommended,244210,22903064,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,よKlexco,Very good quaity game! However if your PC is as bad as mine its ganna be hard to fully grasp the game. :(
76561197995907544,Recommended,244210,22903272,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,hornetczca,"Bought a wheel a little over a year ago for use with ETS2. Decided to finally get into the sim scene on PC now that I had a wheel and after some research purchased Assetto Corsa. In the year plus since I could not have been happier with my choice. While there isn't much of a 'game' the simulation part is top notch, and just turning hot laps is a serious thrill. The mod community is also top notch with plenty of extremely high quality free and paid mods, especially if you're an open wheel fanatic like I am. If you're looking for a new sim or to jump into the genre look no further."
76561198215586716,Recommended,244210,23023206,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,saxerr,"This game was not a favorite of mine til recently. The improvments and modding content make this my second favorite sim next to R3E, and the main reason is no crew chief or interaction with the game that makes you feel like you are truly there. It is awesome as far as the physics and having the feeling of driving, FFB is top notch, but, with no crew chief or vocalization that makes you feel more like you are in a real race - it fails. Hopefully soon they will incorporate some kind of crew chief or make it that the modding community can make an app that will function as the R3E and Project CARS has done with the awesome Mr B's crew chief app. They are continually adding new cars and tracks and alot of them are free add ons, they do deserve the support of the SIM racers out there as they are making every effort to make this game better and better with updates and content. The one problem for me is that I asked Mr B if he could make his app run with AC and he said the coding will not allow it. I am not a programmer by any means, and know very little about it but if Mr B cant get it to work, I dont have much hope for anyone else unless AC implements it themselves. I would definately recommend this title over P Cars, as I can not get the over the fact that P Cars just feels like you are racing with bald cold tires all the time. I cant finish a race in the game and have many hours in, I feel like they have made the game worse by trying to make it better. They could learn from AC and make the cars drivable and feel like you have control over them."
,Recommended,244210,23060343,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,♔Queen Uterus♔,"A very fun game with great mod support (No workshop though sadly). A great online that allows you to race in many diferent styles, from time trial to course racing to drift events. the physics engine is great and the tuning is very deatailed."
,Recommended,244210,23078098,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,シェーン,First racing game I've played since NFS: Carbon back on the PS2.Glad I took a chance on this sale and got it.10/10
76561198005488489,Recommended,244210,23077049,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Forzoma,Best racing sim on pc! So much potential.
76561198014659127,Recommended,244210,12511345,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,The Mogadon Moustache,"*Re-reviewBest driving game I ever played. DLC is great value, and I have paid for every dream pack. Something wrong with you if you're a driver, and you don't own this game. Needs a better career mode, and I can't work out if the AI are utterly stupid, or incredibly aggressive. Maybe both. Modding scene is awesome, but some make you donate for full versions of mods (the free version missing half of the physics), which is disgusting. Don't give your money to them, give it to Kunos, and take advantage of the good free mods when you find them (see my channel, I showcase all the best mods with dl links:https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC3DUzW-9K8FtxnJ0pF3DH0gI also showcase all of the DLC as soon as it drops). Trust me when I say, this is the best racing game out right now, bar none. You can go try the others, but you will end up back here. Trust me."
,Recommended,244210,22911098,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Uvuvwevwevwe Onyetenyevwe Osas,for passionate racing gamers
76561198140327086,Recommended,244210,16208415,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,dushDJ,"This is an amazing game. I just love the graphics and sound. I can't wait till they add more cars though, it does sort of get boring with the same cars, but don't mind that. Get this game! I highly recommend a xbox controller or a wheel for this, it's so much easier with those. If your reading this, whoever the developers of this game are, this game really needs some Lamborghinis. Thanks."
,Recommended,244210,16236644,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Fodzii,"Best racing simulator I have tried!Recommend to anyone who wants a simulator instead of a run of the mill arcade ""sim""."
76561198038333644,Recommended,244210,16238408,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Octane,Excellent physics
,Recommended,244210,16243957,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,jazzyandjuice,"If you like driving cars, you should buy this game. It's a shame that the cars don't deform when you hit something, but that's not the focus of the game. You'll want Next Car Game for that, but at the time of writing, that game hasn't been updated for months and months. I'm not sure how it compares to Project Cars, but who cares? It has an awesome name (totally affects this review) and awesome cars. Sadly, the community isn't as awesome as they will grill you for anything you do, but oh well.Cars are cool."
76561198047845910,Recommended,244210,14906972,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Twitch.tv/Y4MES,"I have decided that I'll change my review. First of all this game is a good simulator of car driving and believe it or not helps you in a lot of other realistic driving games and partially realistic ones. It has provided me with endless hours of entertainment trying to drift the Ferrari's around the GP tracks however this game is still in early development at most as it does have a limited amount of content, this is why in my opinion I think the Dream Pack should have been free. But I still truly love the endurance race track added on to the Numbergring and the Mclaren P1. So if you're a fan of Mclaren or Germany's racing tracks then buy it, if not stick to the original game and if you're looking for a racing in cities or forests or general urban areas with people in them I would say get either Need for speed or GTA. Adios"
,Recommended,244210,15922204,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Obelisk Leader,"Ok, so here's my view on this game. I waited and bought it on sale with the Dream pack 1. I own Dirt 3, Grid Autosport, Forza on XB1, and I got Project CARS on PS4.This game blows all racing games I've ever played out of the water.I use a logitech G27 race wheel. This game is the most realistically handling simulator out there. I'm just disappointed that I can't feel the speed. I don't think this game would be anywhere near as fun without a force feedback wheel/shifter/pedal set."
76561197996843044,Recommended,244210,15922964,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,PetrolHead209,"I think this could be Gran Turismo for PC.The official content is awesome, but limited as yet. Unofficial mods make up for the lack of official content so far (Pre 1995 Imola anyone!?)I would put this between iRacing and Project Cars in terms of realism.I have iRacing, but I enjoy Assetto Corsa more. Something about offline racing appeals to me more, I don't have to take it so seriously and can just enjoy pushing a car to the limit.If you have a wheel, get this game."
,Recommended,244210,15923637,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,OG Kandy Teeff,"Not sure how to feel about this game. I can't take a turn that I would be able to take in my Mazda 3 in real life, while in a McLaren in game at the same speed. It's still a fun game, but it seems way more difficult than driving an actual car. This is the Dark Souls of racing sim."
76561198184731934,Recommended,244210,15925718,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,[BRA] Augusto,"What to say about Assetto? Well not much is necessary, so many racers already said all, I am not going to do the same, I am just going to say that if you want to spend thousand of ours this one is for you, it will be played for many years to came, I would be so bold as to say it´s gonna be played for decades. Try it, I guarantee you are not going to regret it."
,Recommended,244210,15927674,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,N1piT0,"I love this drive simulation, cause for first this is a real drive simulation, only than a game.With a quality steering wheel (highly recommended) you'll discover the best of Assetto corsa: the realistic drive feeling in your hands, and this aspect is so funny that you'll also fall in love with this game,Project CARS presents graphic and sound's effects at the state of the art level , but they are just a little better than in Assetto Corsa, but the realistic game play, drive feeling in this second better."
76561198006620122,Recommended,244210,15929283,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,NivekBS,"If you loved rF or the SimBin Series, LfS and so on.....just get this Game. Best Sim since years. There is nothing more to say. In terms of driving physics way in front of all others."
76561197980149643,Recommended,244210,15929637,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Viruz,"Well. First the good news.Pro:The car handling is insanely good and feels nice. the tracks are good and the Cars look amazing.Many Tracks and almost too many cars too choose from.Neutral:You must play this with a Wheel. Tried it with Gamepad, Keypad and Keyboard. Not playable or at least no fun to play.Con:The Sound is awfull. I hope they are working on it. At this point I've seen Arcarde racing games with better sound.The Track and Landscape aren't that great either - for a game of this time. Even with everything on max.Summary:Buy it if you have a Wheel and want a simulation that has realistic tracks and handling.If you want Eye Candy and a overall realistic feeling and looking game. don't bother since its not a AAA title."
76561197997632656,Recommended,244210,15933885,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,witt10k,"If you love cars, get this game. It is as close as driving a real car on a real (laser scanned) track. Highly recommend."
76561197996325736,Recommended,244210,15971532,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,dstrbd,"The best current gen pc racing sim to date on steam if you have a wheel. The graphics are OK, the sound is OK, the content is OK but the overall feel of this game is where it shines. If you have a wheel this game should be on your short list."
76561198087529864,Recommended,244210,15971893,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,JohnMcLaneMustDie,"CONTROLS 9/10Great Game for a PAD PLAYER . I use my dual analogue pad. Under Wheel/Custom set the Steering Degrees of Rotation to 125 degrees with the small slider, then in Advanced under Steering , Gamma - 4 , Filter - 0.65 , Speed Sensitivity - 0.10 , Brake Gamma - 5. Once your pad is SET its an awesome game... I suggest using an xbox360 pad because they have analogue trigger  and buttons as well. It also has some presets for wheels from logitec.GRAPHICS 10/10Its on PAR with Project Cars i think its has better reflections, shadows and color saturation. My PC is not overpowered running a quad intel 2.4ghz and gtx770m. It looks awesome.SOUND 8/10The sounds was /not bad but im comparing it to SHIFT 2 on ps3 which has the best sounds on a cars. It has better sounds than GT5 (vacuum cleaner sounds lol)CONFIGS 8/10I could not change the ingame camera to a third person view only the replay camera, no head cam, i could not look around inside the car. When i searched google people are using mods to get around this. The config for PAD player was kinda lacking there should be some more options also i could not set hand brake as a button because my pad was not analogue button wise. You can set the weather progession faster like x60 etc.CARLIST 8/10Better Car list than Project Cars!!!!!!! .... Ferrari , Lotuses and more cars lol etc check them on youtube first.Im comparing this list to SHIFT 2 and GT6.TRACKS 7/10The Tracks are lacking but at least it has Nordschliefe. Check them on youtube first.SINGLE PLAYER 8/10Theres a career mode but you have to start at the bottom with low powered cars. Theres plenty to do.MULTIPLAYER ???Never played online multiplayer so i cant say.OVERALLGreat Game i believe its on PAR with Project Cars in terms of quality of driving sim physics and graphics wise."
76561197993298378,Recommended,244210,15989829,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,ZoomiE,"I bought this game to use with my Oculus Rift.  At first I was disappointed because they didn't support the DK2.  I purchased Live for Speed and played that instead.  Recently I returned to AC, to discover that they have added DK2 support.  Both Live for Speed and Assetto Corsa are smooth, excellent experiences on the Rift.  That said, AC has slightly better graphics and manages to maintain them with a high frame rate on my GTX-970.Hopefully they continue the support with the release of the Commercial Version in 2016!"
76561198149036899,Recommended,244210,14057667,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,alfaer,"Great racing game! The best I ever played in terms of physics. It has its flaws like the penalty system, few tracks (though all a perfect description of the reality), and I miss more open wheel cars. But none of that shades the almost perfect feeling of driving in assetto corsa!Update: The penalty system is good now! And guys, if you are planning to chose between Assetto and PCars don't think twice! Assetto is far ahead of PCars in every single aspect!"
,Recommended,244210,15890369,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,SmoothPanic,"I really like Assetto Corsa.  I am not a hardcore simracer, but I came to this from Simraceway and have not looked back.  As a sim it is lightyears ahead of SRW.I use the SRW-1 wheel controller. Once I tweaked it in, it works great for me.  The cars and tracks feel very nice. The physics for the cars feels great as well.  I prefer vintage and street cars and occasionally open wheel racers. AC is a bit light on vintage cars, but may be available via the workshop.I have not raced online yet, since I have a lot of practice to do before then.There a few things that bug me.  The interface is just 'okay' and you have to leave the race entirely to adjust controls or assign buttons and keys.  The intro and exit screens take a bit too long.  But these are quibbles on the nicest car sim I have played with.Highly recommened."
76561197968017285,Recommended,244210,15946244,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Vitalstatistix,"Is a game with the car, yes? Sometimes turn left, sometimes turn right, often go straight... yes? Poosh pedal and VROOM. Push other pedal and SCREEEEECH. Other other pedal is for double-clutching like you shoood.Is good."
,Recommended,244210,16513577,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,SiN€T - Bostyan,"Game is awesome that for sure! Gaming, physics, settings etc. this is TOP Simulation Game!!If we talk about Online Tab is the worst tab I ever see no chats before game! All games most have chat before game start! Game most have only one name available this is important because on this name are informations how good player is!For example:  Simraceway  please look the pictures on google or test it is a very good and 100% free game. You will be literally surprised how good Tab is for online game! And now when i see Assetto Corsa Online Tab I was in shock.Keyboard shortcuts:I really really hate that I can`t change shortcuts this is really wierd! For ""Traction Control"" etc. I need to click two buttons CTRL + Key it is annoying! I have Logitech Driving Force GT which has the ability to set shortcuts -> thankfully (Thanks Logitech) without this, it would be playing this game a lot harder!.ini file has an option to set up more shortcuts, but they are not working if I set it! Shortcuts only works, if they are configured in Games Settings."
,Recommended,244210,21227193,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,MeowShmeow,IT WORKS ABSOLUTELY AMAZING GRAPHICS! :)
,Recommended,244210,16185074,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,TurboX,"I saw this game in a 50% sale and was reluctant, but I'm so glad I bought it!This is one of the best driving simulators I ever player, period. I can't really put it in words in an easy way, but the attention to detail in the cars, the laser scanned tracks, the sound of the engines and the physics... just wow, I keep coming back to this game whenever I manage to find some spare time!I tried the multiplayer in the past months and had some great times there, although I did suffer from 1 or 2 wreckers that somehow managed to stay on the servers without getting kicked -_-. In this kind of games having clean servers is a MUST. The best experience in multiplayer was in Nurburgring Nordschleife, in track day mode, it gets pretty real and I can drive there for hours!The showroom is awesome, I actually spend time just admiring the looks of the exterior and interior of the cars. I never did this in any car game before.You can get great fun from this game, just choosing any car, on any track, and having a blast out there. It's this simple.I rated this game higher before, but right after trying out more sims I give it a 7 out of 10. The AI is not good at all (even after the latest patch), the UI needs a rework, and the track list is kinda short.Highly recommended, specially on a sale, you won't regret your purchase!"
,Not Recommended,244210,8504377,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,OwenGraven,"So dissapointed in this title.The dlc was just pure moneymilking from the devs, the content never delivered on what they said in the pre-orders.Support for it has been ♥♥♥♥♥♥, to non-existant.Multiplayer is the worst racing experience I've had ever.edit: originally I had said it was good and recommended it, it's a good game, it just didn't deliver and leaving a lot to modders isn't the way to go."
76561198020230074,Recommended,244210,19747787,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,☆💎Arnis💎☆CSGO500,"Like it for drifting, But need fix wall kiss, because now look like u kiss not in wall but in basket ball :D"
,Recommended,244210,15467010,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Michi Jones,"Most realistic driving simulator on the market 10x better than PCars and RFactor its very close to iracing but not as good yet still needs some future updates.Good racing all round, AI needs improvement, Some racing features need to be added like Formation Laps and safety cars but nether the less a brilliant game all round."
,Recommended,244210,9017115,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Korsbaek,Yes.
76561197999308934,Recommended,244210,21622573,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,pedro,100%absolutely perfect racing simulatorphysics 100%sound 100%feeling 100%sum ?What do you think ? ;-)
76561198008557277,Recommended,244210,7998758,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,heppsan,"The game still feels like a mishmash of random cars to drive, no real series and way to much focus on road cars!..And the track list even with the dlc packs included, is way to weak!Another con is the lack of a championship selector to do custom championships instead of only single race events.. .But despite this I have to give this a thumbs up now after being able to play this in VR!Man! it's awesome to be able to take a seat behind the wheels as a real race driver, and truly experience the thrills of racing ""for real!!!"" :O :D"
76561198284355596,Recommended,244210,30850404,Posted: 31 March,all,komar,i love this game but my problem is that i dont have a wheel only a contrloer which makes it hard
,Recommended,244210,24937280,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,ThePlague,"Great feedback, good graphics, fantastic sounds...this is the racing sim to pickup for hardcore racers!  No simcade racing here, so hang on tight, you're in for a great ride!"
76561198157989230,Recommended,244210,25194351,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,bazoomking,"This is an amazing racing sim that I enjoy to play alot but I think that you guys should a a drifting pack as a dlc. Like get a s13, r32, gt86 and more and make them into drift cars but add like widebody kits or diffrent engines that you can swap like a 2jz in a s13. I would like this because I can't install mods but I want the cars like this and I am pretty sure this would be your most popular dlc.  I also think that you guys should add more dlc cars such as a BMW M1 procar or a C63 Black Edition which are amazing cars."
,Recommended,244210,25759636,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,arg0naut,"After an eight months break, due to not being able to progress past the N2 in the career mode, I am back to AC and now really enjoying it, once I realized the game is much more flexible than I was used to (coming from GT5 and GT6), and can be adjusted to fit almost everything I want at any time."
,Recommended,244210,26441864,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,N. Rizzi,"Great Simulator, Some mods don't have exterior or tire sound, Graphics are avg but thats not the point... Buy over Project Cars anyday"
,Recommended,244210,26424585,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,aldyr,"The simulation is on point. The feedback is great, the cars feel distinct. Learning to drift isn't easy, but is doable after you put in the practise. Every car seems to have a track it performs best on, and the journey is in finding that combination. The sounds suck you into, what I imagine it must be like, to hear the real thing.The car and track list are not that much, but it has steadily expanded through DLC. The variety is a good spread of road, drift, sport and racing cars. Even with the small list of cars, it's difficult not to find something you like, to sync hours and hours into.The menu is less than stellar.Overall feeling: I'm happy as a pig in♥♥♥♥♥♥ Like sim racing? Then this is a MUST HAVE."
76561197960274985,Recommended,244210,26409152,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Tiyr,"Currently my favorite racing sim.Positives:+ Great driving physics and force feedback, you really feel what's happening and it all makes sense.+ Decent number of people racing online, pretty easy to find races, people generally drive cleaner (less crashes etc) than in other games.+ Great graphics and really well optimized, runs well even on lower end machines.+ Top quality content (tracks, cars).+ Mod support, and some mods are very high quality.+ Still actively being developed, and DLC is reasonably priced.Negatives:- Small number of tracks.- No night or rain.- You cannot race against cars online unless you've bought them, which makes it so that some servers don't use DLC at all."
,Recommended,244210,26419038,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Closenough [PT],"I actually bought this game under development. And then it was launched. Ever since then, it has just grown to be most of what I wished it to be. The realism, the graphics, the tracks, the cars... I went as far as getting every single dlc so far and can't say I'm disappointed. This is a game that so far has had constant improvements and updates and that for any racing sim fan is just on point."
,Recommended,244210,26419638,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Marlo Painter,"I try to love this game...  I want to love this game...  But I cannot..I don't know how else to say this..  It lacks soul.Decent car and track selection, great graphics, but something is missing...I keep buying the DLCs hoping something changed, but it hasn't...It also seems like multipe cars have the same engine sounds...An online Leaderboard like Project Cars would help a bit."
76561198263790802,Recommended,244210,26338701,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Larroid,great game luv it
,Recommended,244210,26336249,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,MusaZaki,"TL,DR: This is truly a game for those serious about serious driving! It's not as flashy as PCars, but that's not what it aims to be! It's about the cars, and the driver's ability to get the best out of them.. Not about simply winning. It has reignited my passion for driving games and will be a highly enjoyable experience for those willing to put in the hours.I'm new to PC gaming.. I've had Steam for a while, just never used it. I used to play Gran Turismo a LOT!! But from end of last year, it really started losing steam (uumm..dm dm TSHHH!). I can't afford PS4, but recently got a new laptop that had an ok graphics card (940mx). I figured now's the time.I needed a new racer. A serious one! I've toyed with PCars (have the Pagani Edition) and like the more accessible presentation, more familiar career mode, and pretty good experience on a controller..But Assetto Corsa... Captured my heart!! I've barely scratched the surface, and I already know this is going to make me buy a good wheel for it, I'm probably gonna get all the DLC whether it's on special or not... And I'm gonna be on forums galore looking for setups and advice!This is a purists game, and it's probably the first time I've played racers outside of Gran Turismo, but you're not going to like this if you don't have patience for something like this. You're not going to like this if you don't enjoy tinkering with different settings and approaches.I learnt to grind from RPGs, and honestly, I feel right at home here. Driving sometimes 20-25 laps nonstop just to learn tracks and the possibilities. I'm still growing, so AI is at 85% for now, and I keep some assists on...but I know that won't be the case by the time it's Christmas.GET THIS ONE!!!!(First ever review so forgive me if I was all over the place)"
,Recommended,244210,30691600,Posted: 23 March,all,TacticalOverlord,From the off this is not the best looking driving sim but is the most in depth easy to use one that has many different applets you can use on the side of the screen and place on the hud. I use my G29 with it and love this game to bits however in a toss up between this and project cars i would have to say the latter due to the track variety and cars in the game.
,Recommended,244210,26354363,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,panrok90,"if not the best simulator, one of the best! Very specific game, with very good graphics amazing sound and high end physics!"
,Recommended,244210,25973054,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Garfielf,"When i first tried the assetto corsa beta long ago it didn't feel good to me. After playing it more and eventually after buying the game it started feeling better and better. Like you would have to learn to drive a car in real life.I cannot confirm the physics are realistic cause i've never raced a car before but they do feel amazing when you get used to them.This game is not like forza or gran turismo, there is a carreer mode but you cannot buy nor unlock cars. This is not a big problem because the driving alone gives you hours of fun.(if you want to get this game i would recommend a steering wheel, preferably one that rotates 900 degrees and has force feedback and a h-shifter. Like the G25, G27 or G29"
,Recommended,244210,26073223,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Mr Softie,"If you want an incredibly polished game with a great career mode and beautiful graphics - this is not it. Go buy pCARS. If you want to feel incredibly accurate and immersive physics, this is the game for you. AC's physics are unbelievably good, and worth the purchase of a wheel to truly enjoy the game."
,Recommended,244210,26341618,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Bluewhale,The greatest and the bestest game :)
,Recommended,244210,26248793,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,PepopitecusBagencius,uno de los mejores juegos de simulacion
76561198292886577,Recommended,244210,26403080,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Borg,"This is probably the best simulator out there for PC. And the community aspect of it makes the game, soo much richer with downloadable tracks and cars."
76561198117749073,Recommended,244210,26306178,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Sam McFaget,"This game doesnt like project cars you are able to play without wheel you can play with the keyboard easily. Me personally using a logitech g27 wheel , the force feedback in this game is no doubt one of the best in the market. The track is really close to the real life and there is tons of mods out there letting you download so no need to worry theres lack of cars."
76561198025816968,Recommended,244210,26603743,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,z1rconium,"It is a great game, except for Oculus support, it works but that's it.When I sit in my racing seat, I don't have direct access to my keyboard and keyboard/mouse access is unfortunately required to reset the VR view among other things."
,Recommended,244210,12709245,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Woody Johnson,"If you like racing sims ala forza or gran turismo,  this is what you're looking for.  Its just a limited number of tracks and severly limited number/variety of cars, right now.  More get added every so often though.  Even still, this is my favorite driving game BY FAR."
76561198005851415,Recommended,244210,12756175,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,=(_O_).^.(_O_)=,So far so good...Great simulator...Nice sound..Need a Oculus rift now to complete ther party.
,Recommended,244210,12665979,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Jiisuki,"A lot of things are great in this game so far. I feel the physics and ffb are pretty much spot on, I feel connected and immersed.When it comes to gameplay, AI could be a bit better for offline races. Multiplayer is lacking some important features to this date. However, I'm sure things will be improved and implemented as time goes by.I highly recommend it. Those times you find a bunch of good people to race online, it works flawlessly. Sometimes you get lucky, even on public servers."
,Recommended,244210,12667459,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,MajesticRadish,Amazing sim! Anyone with interest in racing and a racing wheel at home should give it a shot
76561197969172815,Recommended,244210,12677966,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Robot Devil,This $30 has taught me that I should never drive a high end sports car.
,Recommended,244210,12832125,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,dom,Hardcore♥♥♥♥♥♥Good♥♥♥♥♥
76561198114019448,Recommended,244210,13595976,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,PugGrimmo,"I picked this up on Early Access a year ago and it is the most played game in my collection. I am not a brilliant driver, but I just love the physics and the graphics, it looks beautiful and plays even better. This game moved me to by a racing wheel, a decision that I am 100% satisfied with. Do yourself a favour and buy this game."
,Recommended,244210,13645446,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Wolfmanuk04,"9/10 What a great sim, after playing gtr/gtr2/rfactor ages ago, Along comes this little gem to restore my faith in the sim racing world.Awsome gfx ,great physics and feel and just keeps getting better with time.Oh yeah no game can score 10/10 so is GREAT!!! :)"
76561198061981766,Recommended,244210,13461298,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,tonybew,"Excellent. I am not a good driver but have been using stand alone racing software (games?) for many years. I have enjoyed most of them and Assetto Corsa is the best simulator I have used.The only one that might beat it is pCars (which I have used) but its release is delayed (yet again).It doesn't have enormous content (cars and tracks) but who needs that anyway, they will be added as time passes and it is more fun to get them later rather than all at the beginning.It is also the hardestsimulator I have used which is as it should be because I am not a professional driver so when I get into high powered cars I find them very difficult (I am glad to say). Most of the other titles I have used were really fairly easy after a while except for silly AIs on most of them. The AI in Assetto Corsa is perfect. I know that experts find it too easy but for me it is perfect as there are no suicidal tactics from it.I have a wheel, gear shift, pedals and a seat and I would recommend Assetto to anyone with similar gear."
76561198024443571,Recommended,244210,13464088,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Capt_Beef™,"It's fun. If you like racing other's or just against your best lap times (I like that personally) to get better at the tracks. There is a drag strip ( I would like to see a waterbox and slicks but w/e) where you can run against the clock.I think if they took a little more time to go against the standard racing game, ie. the drag strip, to actually make it realistic in the sense that you have know what your doing in order to run a good time then it would be a top notch sim. I feel that in respect to anything outside the physics on the actual racetracks was kinda thrown together. With that being said they definatly aren't the main feature here.For the price it's good, needs some more car choices and there are signs that the future is bright in that dep. I would like to see custom performance modifications or some form of economy. I think they will get there. Good work so far!"
76561198088932724,Recommended,244210,10916453,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,See You Space Cowboy...,"Since 1.0 has been released, my opinion of this game has changed completely. Great sim. Road cars are great, most of the race cars are okay. Not my favorite sim, but definitely worth getting if you enjoy sim racing."
,Recommended,244210,13452046,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Tzvi,bought logitech g27 and Assetto corsa togetherits my favorite game to play with the wheel and the wheel feels the best while using it with this game
,Recommended,244210,13452462,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,voidType,"Very clean and polished. The cars look and drive great. For an early access I was quite impressed. They are adding more cars and I can't wait to try the released game now. The audio did need some work before, I'll report back with an updated review."
,Recommended,244210,27323542,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dr. M@,"While the physics arent as great as iRacing, the graphics definitely make up for it!"
76561198034389233,Recommended,244210,27035717,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,akasah,One of the best Racing Games in the market now. The realistic physics and feel of the immersion within the atmosphere of the track is simply breathtaking. The amount of work done is truly amazing. AC has come a long way and will always be my go-to Racing Sim.
,Recommended,244210,27084140,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Enter011,Awesome
,Recommended,244210,27072849,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Redrum_82,"Incredibly realistic and rewarding driving model.Menus and game modes are a bit lacking, but AI and multiplayer are good (they weren't at launch) and constantly getting better."
,Recommended,244210,27397275,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Chromaside,"My favourite racing game of all time, maximum immersion. Wheel recomended."
76561197996661773,Recommended,244210,27374338,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,KillZoneGB,"it might be the best looking simulation, but it`s one of the best simulators to date.carrer mode is a tad afterthought, sure there`s no logical thinking to offline races and content.But if you want simulate there second to none.Best played with a high end pc and wheel set."
,Recommended,244210,27373315,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,jake1191 hellcase.com,Fun game. Awesome realistic physics. Just wish there was more customization
76561198033440345,Recommended,244210,27424526,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,alien,Best racing game <3
,Recommended,244210,13599558,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Kruiik,"Public racing is mayhem. Better than Flatout and more wrecking, occasional racing as well.Would ram again. hard."
76561198007338209,Recommended,244210,13576105,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Fishey,"Nice to see a final release! To start I've owned several trackday cars over the years but I still find it hard to equate the feel of real life to that of a computer. I actually have owned 3 of the cars modeled in Assetto and if I'm attentive to the dials I can see the cars all act within their r/l parameters. However the lack of feel on the body makes it hard for me to say its spot on to anything.Overall I really like AC it looks great and as stated the physics seem to be on the right track. The selection of cars is very good and varied in type, to use an old flight sim term, it feels a lot like a 'survey sim'. The lack of tracks however is disappointing and although there are quite a few modded courses out there, most are well below the standard that Assetto has set. The tracks that are in the game are laser scanned and very accurate the only gripe here is the areas around the track. I've been to both Imola and Monza and there is quite a bit of missing details, nothing major but enough for me to notice.The game itself is the part that is lacking. I still find myself hotlapping, the AI is pretty bad and can be frustrating to deal with. There are no structured racing rules and races are limited to 10 laps unless fuel consumption is turn off. I believe this is because there are no pit stops. I tried the career mode but because of the shortcomings the ai has, its not all that great. Multi-player is hit or miss, I'm in the western US and find it hard to find races and very hard to find races that don't involve idiots. I have a few friends I drive other racers with and the races we've done have been good if not a little empty. While I hate to keep sounding negative! My biggest gripe has to be the sound. In a computer racing game you lose feel to your body. I've driven other games that make up for this lack of feel with sound, I assume its a difficult art to master but Assetto falls very short in this department. So short in fact, I don't think its something they really care about, which is a shame.Possibly the greatest asset Assetto has is the Modding community. Allowing the community to contribute and helping them with tools is what will keep this sim around for a long time.PROS: Great car selection, highly detailed track surfaces, beautiful graphics, decent physics, great Modding community.CONS:  Boring sounds, few tracks, no racing rules, nothing to do really."
76561198060016260,Recommended,244210,13576943,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,oGGy,Good game
76561198137248596,Recommended,244210,13577827,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,mtgear1,great simulator
,Recommended,244210,13578481,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,nashafa,Best racing sim I've played. Works great with a Logitech G27.
,Recommended,244210,13560477,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Subway Man 🗿,"Absolutely stuinning. The sim and graphics level of this game are extremely well done. I can only imagine what it would be like with a wheel.Also, ensure you have atleast a gamepad for this. m&k are almost impossible as with any sim racer."
,Recommended,244210,13560637,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Raeldor,Assetto Corsa on the Rift is nothing short of spectacular.  Highly recommended!
,Recommended,244210,13555079,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,𝕾𝖆𝖙𝖆𝖓,"There IS a lack of variety when it comes to tracks, but those that are in there are laser scanned 1:1 copies of the originals. I've never seen SPA done so well and the promises that the Nordschleife will be coming makes my heart sing, because I know that it's going to be just perfect. Some people complained that there aren't that many cars, which is true, but everything that SHOULD be there IS there, like your BMWs and Mercs, modern pin-ups like the Zonda R, some classic ones like the Ferrari F40, even some old F1 cars, like the Lotus Type 49, which I greatly appreciate.I love it because it isn't as much a racing game, but a track-day simulator. While the selection of tracks and cars isn't as big as with other games, it feels just right and it's very obvious that they made quality their #1 priority. Chasing a 10th of round the empty bends of SPA never was this exciting. Please be aware that this is a hard-core racing simulation before buying."
,Recommended,244210,13561539,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Centice,"Extremely realistic physics engine. With a proper FFB wheel, the driving feeling is transferred from the engine through the wheel to simulate the bumps, lockups, and lightness of the vehicle on the road. Large proportion of the online racing community are very mature and will drive responsibly in online races. AI may be a bit too difficult for beginners, but I believe that the difficulty is a necessity for the success of players new to the sim-racing genre. There is also a huge modding community online that comes out with new content on an almost-daily basis.I can't recommend this game enough!"
,Recommended,244210,30768271,Posted: 27 March,all,UIQZ,Best racing simulator ever!
76561197970949456,Recommended,244210,22966616,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,LactatingProphetMuhammed,DRIFTO KINGO 2016
76561198194589041,Recommended,244210,23012870,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,็็ ็,so good
76561198038242490,Recommended,244210,23012937,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Used_to_Could,"First of all, this game sounds so close to the real thing I would say its the best out there.  Car selection will hopefully increase.  One reason I played the Gran Turismo series for so many years was car selection.  I switched to Assetto Corsa mainly for physics and sound quality.  Gran Turismo hosts the Academy every year but I find that the best drivers simply learn how to drift cars around the corner and not necessarily how to drive faster. Sliding to the extent the top drivers do is the reason I was searching for a game with less sliding and more penalties at the limit in the corners. If you floor the car on the corner exit its more difficult to recover with steering input applied in Assetto Corsa.  In Gran Turismo, a driver could use the gears to turn the car and easily maintain control.  Assetto Corsa's transmission makes realistic sounds and at max damage is very unforgiving when the driver misses a shift. However, with my G27 I find it easier to shift than when I played Gran Turismo. This is due to the wide variety of options available to the player when customizing clutch travel and even when the clutch engages.  Specifically, Assetto Corsa forces the driver to drive well instead of exploiting the physics engine(which so many other games fall victim).  Each tire behaves on its own especially in corners and under heavy braking or weight/balance changes--This is one place this game shines. The cars literally come alive with torque steer if you put the pedal to the metal while accellerating. Conversely, under heavy braking the car may loose control if you are not careful. This brings me to the force feedback. Once again, second to none.  This is the first game I have driven strictly in the cockpit cam and I can tell you field of view at the default setting needs no further adjustment.  The physics engine communicates to the driver well enough for cockpit cam to be enjoyable and even maintain a very accurate sense of speed especially on corners with precise windows to brake and not overshoot.  This is a long winded review because I want the world and Kunos to know this is the best racing experience I've seen and let me tell you. I've tried next to all the big name sims.  I strongly recommend a purchase of this game and a force feedback capable wheel with H-shifter. Reviewed with Logitech G27 900 degree with H-shifter purchased in 2012."
,Recommended,244210,22953908,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,StevenPink,"Assetto Corsa is an excellent racing simulator with everything you could ever want. I used to be an iRacing fan, but after playing Assetto Corsa quite a bit, I'm ready to let my iRacing subscription expire! The physics in AC are very good and that's very important to me. The amount of built in customizability is awesome! The extra car/track packs are reasonably priced and community made car and track mods make this simulator endlessly enjoyable. You can't go wrong with Assetto Corsa! Worth every penny!"
76561198054089858,Recommended,244210,15095266,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,✯Master Ferret✯,seeing how the game has improved for windows 10 i can recommend this gamne to people.
76561198027155649,Recommended,244210,19858475,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,anomaloustango,"I can't believe it!  They fnally fixed it.  OK it is now worth the money.  Well worth it if you remember that this is not a game in the same sense as Need for Speed.  It will be much harder to get into the fantasy.  This is a damn good sim noW.  I almost forgive them for taking forever to do what shoudh have been a primary concern.  I am gonna leave my old review up, not that anyone reads these things, but if you want to a really appreciate what AC is now, check out what it used to be. below:The most important thing to his company still seems to be  offering endless DLC of a few cars at a time.. . . however over the months I have owned this game they have incrementally improved it until,  now,  finally most of my major complaints have been addressed.  That being that the AI used to smash into your car from behind, or just run right into you if you were stopped and then destroy your car without any damage to the AI car.  Well slowly that has changed and it is now possible to run an entire race with twenty or so opponents and most of the time none of them will run into you.So OK, seeing as this is basically the best of the few race sims that are worth playing, that was enough to change my review to a positive one.Now all they have to do is make a game out of it.  Because it really isn't one.The career mode still sucks, you need to make a game out of this sim.Old Review:Hmmm.  OK, I was warned.  I read a lot of the reviews and those who recommended it and those who didn't, almost all  agreed on one thing, well two things, but I haven't checked out the mutiplayer to find out if it is as bad as reported.But I did check out the AI that controls the other cars.  I have about 200 hours of play on AC.The AI is bad.Pay attention to this.I didn't, and even though I got the game and all dlc for forty bucks on sale, I feel ripped off.Because even though I was warned by countless others, I didn't realize just how bad it is.How bad is it?So bad that it is toss-up between racing against the AI in Assetto Corsa or being beaten with wet phone books.This is bacically the worst AI I have ever seen in a racing game. And what makes it suck exponentially is the fact that the sim is so good in many ways.It's like you were a child who got the bicycle that they had been wishing for for Christmas except no tires came with it.  Instead a little stand that allowed you to pedal it as a stationaly bike came with it.And even though it felt good pedaling it on its little stand, 99% of the time something would go wrong and it would fall over onto the Christmas tree and burn your house down, or kill the  cat or something.When this design flaw was pointed out to AC they would say that it worked flawlessly because it was never designed to be fun or resemble actually racing a bike in the street, it was designed to be a sim of an exercise bicycle.And you know that it was made in a country were you heard that it takes all day to go to the post  office, because everyone is enjoying life and not in a hurry.  But even so, how many thousands of people do you think have complained about the fact that the AI controlled cars smash into you from behind.  And I am not talking some thing that the opponents do once in a while.  They do it every fu@king time.So it is impossible to set up a race with the damage on and all the braking and handling assists turned off, wherein you race against similar opponents for any resonable distance and win.I am not exageratting in the least.  It is impossible for instance to race four or five laps at the big Nordaschleife using my favorite Mercedes C8 with all driver aids off and damage at 100 percent against a dozen or so competitive cars, some other c8s and high end hyper and experimental cars, with you starting last so you can have the fun of passing a dozen cars, for lets say three laps.  You will have to attempt to do this not tens but hundreds of times and then you may get lucky and no one will run into you or bump you to the point were you are at half speed or just dead in the water.Try it.So racing against AI is not only no fun, it is unrealistic in the extreme unless you think you are in a demolision derby with supercars, unreal, no fun, and frustrating.So the major part of what makes a racing sim fun is just crap in AC.  I will have to take the word of others about the online racing as it seems that outside of a site in Germany that was full up, no body is home.I thought that the AI in Shift 2 was bad, compared to AC it is genius.  And it basically sucks, so that tells you how bad the AI is in AC.First of all, the opponet cars are made out of unobtainium or something and driven by made mafia hit men.They do not crash most of the time, they do not dent most of the time, they do not even slow down when they smash into you.It they touch you you will usually crash,but even if you don't, if you are playing with full physical damage on, like all grown-ups should, these touches will degrade the performance of your car so much that it will be impossible to be competitive in a more or less evenly matched road race.If you touch one of the AI cars you will usually crash.but even if you don't it will degrade your performance.They do not try to avoid you at all.  If they are behind you and the car in front of you brakes, the one behind will run right into you everytime.  And you will be toast and they will just keep on going like the Hulk or something.Which leads me to this point:  What the F#ck?This game has been in development for how many years?  . . . And the AI opponents still just smash into your car from behind, making any realistic race against them impossible!In fact if you race with all the driver aids turned off, and full damage and other realism factors turned on, you cannot win any race in the faster cars against the AI opponent cars.You will have to turn the damage off or something because the developers obviously think that giving their customers what they want is unimportant.  What seems to be of paramont importance to these inconsiderate primadonnas is getting a console version out so that tens of thousands more players can come to experience just how gravely it sucks to have a game that while the basic sim engine as far as feedback and car handling is MOSTLY there and acceptable.  The actual activity that it is capable of, is a mear fraction of what it could be if the developers were not such a@@-wipes and bothered to address the issues that absolutley make AC suck, and leaves one angry at the devs and expecially at whoever the idiot was who decided that the AI was good enough.Let's say you set up a race with eight opponents, like five laps at Nurburgring.  If you play it a thousand times maybe, maybe you will have one race where the opponents don't wreck you in one way or another.I think that all the people who bought AC should say a special prayer for the person responsible for giveing this AI the OK.  One where he or she gets their just deserves.  Which would probably be in hell.You are not going to have a good time playing AC, it is not a game and it doesn't have the main qualities that make a sim attractive --  AI and multiplayer.I think as it is AC with all dlc is worth maybe $15.If I was one of the early buyers I would be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥as hell.This thing is not even close to complete.  Maybe there are some mods that make it worthwhile, I don't know.  But be warned again, no matter how much you want a good sim that is fun to play, this ain't it.Why is it that all AI for driving games suck?  How hard can it be to program the opponent cars to not smash into you when you are ahead of them?   I mean words cannot express how bad this AI sucks.  You would think that the coders were only interested in selling ever more dlc and never actually providing what the customer wants."
76561197979892211,Recommended,244210,22911593,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,JohnyK,Best racing currently known to me.
,Recommended,244210,22928986,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Aphex,"If you're looking for a racing game, but secretly want to collect stuff by unlocking them, this isn't the game for you. This is one of the best racing simulators out there, specially considering the price! There are tons of mods, either high or lower quality.If you like to just hop in a race, this game isn't your best choice. I find the online section lacking a bit of user friendliness. You have a server browser where you can choose the server you like. There are diffrent servers for diffrent purposes. Most drift servers require you to download mods. You can also join practice servers and cruise around the ring or join a race server and get your♥♥♥♥♥beaten.So if you want to play a game with really good physics and have a lot of fun, this is THE racing game to get!"
76561198106056537,Recommended,244210,22925704,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,ⒺⓃⒼⒾⓃⒺⒺⓇ,One of the most realistic driving simulators out there today thats all i can realy say! You wount regret buying the game itself and all the DLC-s that come with it! One on the best racing experiences i have ever had!
,Recommended,244210,26896816,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Arik16,BEST RACING SIMULATION GAME EVER)))THANK YOU VERY MUCH.PORSCHE IS THE BEST)I HOVE YOU WILL ADD AUDI RS6 AVANT 2017 IN YOUR FUTURE DLCS))
76561198009902045,Recommended,244210,26838671,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,alexgp90,dorifto erryday. Mods everywhere. Be prepared to play for hours.
,Recommended,244210,26838672,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Amigo,BEST CARSIM EVER
,Recommended,244210,13518190,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,iltarix,"One of the best racing sim out there really, hope the dev can continue to develope new content and add more stuffs into the game :))"
76561198057991157,Recommended,244210,26885112,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,crashbox720,the best  simulator ever made
76561197978306871,Recommended,244210,26885633,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,TRΞKΞЯ™,"This IS the racing sim you want.  Graphic are great, tracks, cars... awesome!"
,Recommended,244210,27067169,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mata,10/10 racing simulator. I would suggest this to anyone who wants a decent sim
,Recommended,244210,27062413,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,JimTheDj65,"It has taken me about 3 days to get the feel and actually complete a track without crashing, my favourites are the formula 1 type cars, I am learning the tracks with automatic gears until I understand how to get round them first lol.  This is an absolutely mind blowing gam. When you get that perfect race line and you go round the corners fast, it trully feels like your actually racing.  I cannot wait to get this on HTC Vive VR, I will be screaming when am driving its that good.  Excellent game, I opted for the dream packs and glad I did. Highly recommended game and well worth the money.  Plays great with G29 and pedals."
,Recommended,244210,15739179,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Danglerack Frumblesnatch,"Re doing this review as all oculus issues have been addressed. Its now by far the best racing game i have ever ever played, There is still some work to do with race rules and pit stops etc but its all just better than it was now.The modding community, whilst its been nerfed on the official forum a bit, is still active as anything. new tracks almost daily. New cars are a plenty. The new tyre model is great, the racing feel is great, the AI is much improved, The multiplayer.. on the right severs.. i'm looking at you ALOOG.. is great. The VR integration is almost perfect, its hard to find fault now. Career mode is still pants. I mean the races are good but its just not encouraging you to play it. it feels like there is no real reward. I am 90% of the time on my own server now racing the lemans circuit in a ferrari 458 but thats how this works. I race one track till i have it down before changing either the car or the track and its like a whole new experience again. Each car is unique, they all feel totally different, I could harp on all day. Just buy it. then buy all the DLC, then buy a rift. Now you spent enough money but ya know what.. its all the game you need!"
,Recommended,244210,26396601,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Dolan,Probably one of the best racing simulators on the Market. Great support for wheels and controllers and multiplayer works perfect and is super fun with friends.
,Recommended,244210,26816848,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SnowBoardeR,Simply one of the best racing games ever created.
,Recommended,244210,26778591,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,TMK,Best sim you'll find
,Recommended,244210,26779565,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Fluffy_Bunny,"The cars feel right, the FF is good, the tracks are well done, is updated often and there are so many mods you don't even need dlcs if you want.It's not without flaws, like worse graphics than pcars or no rain/night racing, but overall I love it.The only thing it needs, and it needs it badly, is workshop to keep track of all the mods updates in a single place."
,Recommended,244210,26769021,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,You just got NaE nAe'd,this simulator has everything i needgood quality modsgood quality in generalgood physicsgood FFB
76561198165492159,Recommended,244210,26795541,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,YT/EmanuelEXC,This game has good graphics for its age and is definitely worth the money.
,Recommended,244210,26832380,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jignutzbabybro,A game whose name is a mystery to me. Pick it up if it’s on sale!Pros:Excellent simulation.Controls are good (using a wheel and peddle set).Graphics are adequate.Cons:The number of tracks and cars could be higher.Career mode is a joke.Menu system is a bit odd.No controller support.
76561197993244053,Recommended,244210,26637169,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Shireen,UI feels kind of like Football Manager but this is the best sim out there.
,Recommended,244210,26089475,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Ats,"I usually dont play racing games. I wasnt crazy about getting this because I didnt have a wheel, but ohhhhhhh boy, am I glad I did. Even wth a keyboard, as horrible as I am, it is a amazing experience. The sounds of the cars are the best sounds ive ever heard in my entire life, im not joking about that. I only have around 3 hours in the game at the time im writing this, but im already thinking about getting a wheel to play this game.Amazing game. 11/10"
,Recommended,244210,26185212,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,M.Schumacher,Best Simrace game for the money.
76561197970384338,Recommended,244210,7664866,"Posted: 15 November, 2013",all,oldroddy,"Just wow,and more work still to be done,this will be the game to actually topple GPL."
76561197988573900,Recommended,244210,12586587,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,zip104,"Its a great driving experienceNeeds a good gpu and a fair to good cpu.Driving force gt wheel; works good on this elderly wheel.Works well on t300 gte also,be aware ffb effects and settings change with change of wheel.Can't and won't say anything bad about it.Best hands down PC drive.Think now v1 is out some early buyers think they have been short changed.The ffb with the physics are worth the wait;they really are great.You can throw the cars around like they were real objects in your hands.Love it.It can be hard to start with but you will click with the sim.(took me 20hrs)The green hell is suprisingly bumpy.BUY the DLC!I'd say Assetto Corsa and Richard Burns rally or Dirt rally,just need a good motorbike sim now,and were done.Car pack needed :xj220 ,EB 110 SS,F1 roadcar.three or four american muscle cars from late sixties,also a pair of old grand prix cars 70's80's or 90's for the open wheel fans.Road america ,Le Mans ,plus a nice highway track uk,usa or italy..That would be my ideal dlc pack.And thx for the 1.2 bonusRecently tyres were made less grippy.It takes some adjustment to drive like you did previous.Do not be put off.I think this is contender for best ever pc driving game.Best FFB on any driving simulation,every bump on every track mapped through the ffb;amazing achievement.Great sound(buy a proper soundcard)Great visuals, all you need.v1.3 adds 64 bit support,only ref i have is latest build of xplane10.So expect a 5% - 10%(I have amd 7850k) drop in frame rate.The plus is the sharpness of feel and steering has returned with v5 tyres,Thanks to kunos for keeping AC updated.Dreampack 2 is ,as usual a great collection of cars and track.v1.3..managed 7:48.5 in R35 Nismo road car around Green Hell no trac no stab ,factory abs ,man gears.V10 tyres .So proud of this time."
76561197968360228,Recommended,244210,26495634,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,BigBools,"I have always liked Assetto Corsa, the race model/handling is the best out there in my opinion.  Its always felt like racer made by motorsport fans with a passion.The graphics are nice, but not mind blowing, and it runs well.Sinve installing Revive and playing this in VR its taken this game to the next level. I use a Steering wheel, three pedals and manual 8 speed shifter set up, and this game feels real! The sense of immersion in VR is amazing, but the game still plays incredibly well on a PC monitor too.For me this has the edge for race physics and immersion, Project Cars has the Graphics.....but out of the two, this is the one for VR!"
,Recommended,244210,27076813,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Razendsnellefreddy,"Awesome racing sim, great graphics, sounds, ... Not so many cars but they are perfectly designed. I would recommend a steering wheel with pedals, keyboard is possible but difficult"
,Recommended,244210,24720575,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Echveil,这款游戏是我玩过最好的模拟类赛车游戏，我花了175元买下了它刚下载完就爱不释手的打开了它玩了整整一天，画面真的很逼真各种车体反射和物理反馈都做的非常好，唯一的缺点就是太烧配置:），其他都很不错，可谓是次时代模拟类赛车软件（个人觉得并不是游戏而是软件），我很乐意将这款游戏推荐给我的朋友，希望kunos今后能做的更好，有更多的车辆加入:P
76561198144805718,Recommended,244210,30922887,Posted: 3 April,all,Wank Tank,"I have really enjoyed playing this game so far however, I feel you need a wheel to fully enjoy this game!"
,Recommended,244210,26446611,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Dr. Maboule,"I have Assetto Corsa since march 2015 and play it from this time quite regularly, offline and online. The graphics, the sense of realism, the car physics are perfect.I can't play anything else than Assetto Corsa if someone asked me to keep only one game."
,Recommended,244210,20195899,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,✯ Yank3es ✯,10/10Wonderful graphic and physic. The best tracks and fine-tuning the details
,Recommended,244210,31887270,Posted: 21 May,all,$ Mihnea Tube $,Awesome racing simulator game!!! I recomended
,Not Recommended,244210,31328631,Posted: 23 April,all,NickTheCatTrucker/狼Gaming,"This ""game"" is all DLC no game. The DlC's are too expensive and with out them, it is bland and boring. It won't let me refund either."
76561198084928097,Recommended,244210,32027466,Posted: 28 May,all,stephanos,"Great physics, awesome visuals, countless mods for tracks and cars, what more do you want?"
,Recommended,244210,25645897,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Global Cooling,"I'm terrible at writing reviews, so here's a category list of everything in this game that is review-worthy.TL;DR:good game. read the friggin' list.CARS:Decent selection. Being a small-ish studio, getting rights to cars is a long process. There are a decent number of manufacturers, but in this case it's quality over quantity. Mods definitely help a lot (more on that later). The detail on the cars is on-par with Gran Turismo 6, maybe a little better. Definitely not as detailed as Project CARS. But that really isn't important when the physics are as great as they are (more on that later too).SOUNDS:Arguably, one of the weakest parts of the game. They just aren't there yet. For example, on a race car with a sequential transmission (in real life), the gearbox is incredibly unhappy to do anything other than sit there and be left alone. The shifts are violent, they make all sorts of mean sounds, the gears mesh with the anger of...hmmm...something angry. Racing engines are also unhappy to do anything that isn't a) turned off and left alone or b) at maximum RPM. Between that, they burble and spit and pop and surge. In game, that's just not there. The shifts are smooth and uneventful, the sounds are clean and content, not angry. I personally believe that it's an issue with the sound engine. Maybe it'll get fixed some day, but until then there are sound mods that help out a little. But, there is an in-car audio settings menu so you can change settings without being in the menus.PHYSICS:Oh my god. The physics in this game are incredible. Every bump, every suspension travel, every quirk with the car. They exist and are calculated. Expect major differences between cars. Compared to a Formula 1 car, a GT3 car will feel like a slushy mess in the corners and a slow turd on the straights. Yet that same GT3 car will feel like a beautifully crafted piece of kit compared to its street counterpart. Expect to have to relearn how to drive when switching classes. You can't just get into the car and expect it to do your bidding. The car will tell you what it can and can't do. It's up to you to make the best of that.TRACKS:Big name tracks. Silverstone, Monza, Nurburgring, Brands Hatch, and the like. Some are laser scanned, some aren't. All have good detail. I honestly haven't ""stopped to smell the roses"". What lack in tracks, mods help (More on that later).FFB:Ah, the necessity for every racing game. If it doesn't exist, it's pointless to have a wheel. This category is what sets AC apart from Project CARS. Anyone who's played PCars knows that FFB is a bit of a mess. Assetto Corsa, however. Oh man. Every bump, you feel. If the bump is on the track (there are some laser scanned tracks), you feel it in the wheel. Lock up the brakes, the wheel tells you. About to lock up the brakes? Wheel tells you. Is the rear end about to break traction? The wheel tells you. Also, there is an in-game FFB configuration FOR EACH CAR. That's right, you can change the FFB for each car individually. Rumble strips not rumbly enough? Turn it up. Once you play Assetto Corsa and get used to the feedback, you really struggle playing anything else.GRAPHICS:About what you'd expect from a 2014-15 era game. Not many changes have happened over the past couple years. Some tracks have more detail, some less. Is it PCars? No. If your decision rests on the graphics and details going past you at 200mph, then this isn't for you. Want a GPU-melter? Play PCars or Forza Apex/Horizon 3. Those have incredible graphics. AC is good, but not incredible. BUT, AC is stable. It seems like the game was designed to push a constant 60 FPS, which is a necessity for a racing game. It is what it is, but in the long run it's a perfect mix between aesthetics and performance. You can still take incredible screenshots, seeing that the shadows and reflections are all rendered individually.MULTIPLAYER:It's there. It ain't perfect, but it's good. Great community. After the first corner chaos in a race, a wave of ""sorry"" and ""my bad"" messages fills the chat box. Good racing happens here. No toxic community, no rammers, everyone does their best to race clean, which is what I want from a multiplayer racing game. I'm hoping for AI integration into multiplayer some time in the future.Which brings me to AI: (See update below)By no means perfect. Forza AI and PCars AI puts AC's AI to shame. It's gotten so much better than before, but it still isn't there. The AI is set up to follow a line made by someone (so they're plenty fast around a track), but man are they dumb. Passing? Nope, never happens unless the two cars are drastically different (ex: street car vs F1 or GT3). I race with Prototypes and GT cars, and rarely do the GT cars pass each other. When the prototypes lap the GT cars, they get majorly bogged down in traffic. It's just an aggression problem. Even at 100% they don't make moves. In a single class race, the AI will end in the order they started. They're scared to leave the only racing line they're allowed to have. If they had multiple lines or an adaptive line, the issue would be solved. Overall, they are fun to race with and it definitely makes single player more fun.UPDATE AS OF 5/28/17: Version 1.14 fixes all of this. Bots are actually competitive now. Multiclass racing is possible and the bots are aggressive. Also, I think they adjust their aero appendages as well. AI are nearly rFactor level of ability now. Except that they are still unable to use reverse gear. Stuck bot = retirement.WEATHER:Varying levels of clouds, fog, and sunshine. You can race from 8am-6pm. Another shortfall of the game. Mods can help, but only so much as the headlights on the cars don't light up the road. Maybe later. No rain or snow. Wet tracks have been simulated by mods (lookin' at you, Nordschleife Wet!) and can easily be done yourself by adjusting grip levels.MODS:The holy grail. This game is so moddable. As of right now, RaceDepartment (the best place to get mods) has 96 cars available to download. There are like 300 tracks, ranging from full F1 courses to city streets. Over 3000 skins for cars (most default cars), and many utilities and apps. I can get 2-3 new cars a week. Modding yourself isn't easy, but it is possible. You can mod cars yourself (change physics, add power, make skins, etc.) since all the info is accessible with the help of some programs. Most mods are literally drag and drop into a folder and they're ready to go. There are some paid mods (UnitedRaceDesign), but these are basically DLC-quality (The vanilla Corvette C7R in the game was designed by these guys).DLC:Get them. All of them. They are worth the 3-8 dollars a piece. No question about it, Kunos did incredible work. Also, Porsche is coming.UPDATE as of Porsche DLC: Porsche came. 10/10 DLC, would get.VERDICT:Arguably the most solid and well balanced racing game out there as of yet. It's not a perfect rFactor replacement, but it's getting there. I haven't been disappointed yet, and I don't think I ever will be. Great job, Kunos. I'll gladly keep giving you my money."
76561197991968429,Recommended,244210,32078977,Posted: 30 May,all,MStauning,"Its been better and better over time, but at the same time harder to do some of the archivements."
,Recommended,244210,32053508,Posted: 29 May,all,Randy Cabbage,"Beautiful game, great fun to just cruise.No community, especially for non dlc/mod servers."
,Recommended,244210,32061287,Posted: 30 May,all,MadMaik,"It's one of the best sim racing games there is out there. To get the best out of this game, steering wheel is a must,. You will have fun with a controller too, but you will quickly realize that you need a steering wheel, if you want to be competitive."
,Recommended,244210,9987211,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Auranapse,One of the more active multiplayer simulations available that is not iRacing. Car handling feels great and relatable to the real world. And it has definitely helped my driving skill in real life.Must buy if you enjoy driving in general.Recommended with a steering wheel set :P
76561198117937438,Recommended,244210,13906503,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Razor El Savior,"Update:After having the game for over a year and also buying it on ps4 + buying a nice thrustmaster rs with a wheel stand i just keep falling back to this masterpiece. Having mods on pc is great, loads of cars, tracks and apps.I can say one thing: If you are in to racing and simracing buy this. This game truly is the best you'll have. There will be some things you'll dislike, you will need to tweak your controller or wheel settings etc but once that's done this game is so rewarding.I bought this game because Project CARS had a delay. 0 Regrets. All I can say is what a fantastic race sim.The handling, weight distribution, track surface,... makes this game so good.I play with an xbox360 controller and it works verry well. No sudden janks on the wheel or deadzones that makes you go wild. To get the full potential out of this game you need a wheel. This game just makes you want it. I always held back against it but now i played with one at a friend I just want to order a g27 to get behind it and feel the bumps and FF.Cons:In career mode or practice the AI is just terrible. They just smack you out the track or give you a little bump against the rear wheel and gone you are.Just needs a little more brands and cars + tracks to make it complete. Hands down the best race sim at the moment."
,Recommended,244210,32090578,Posted: 31 May,all,Sgt. Autism,"This game's only flaw is that the Nurburgring Endurance Circuit only has 24 pit stalls.Everything else about this sim is truly amazing.The team's  extreme attention to detail shows when you're racing or cruising. It feels real, it sounds real, it is (besides iRacing) as close as any of us are ever gonna get to driving a GT3 car up the hills of Spa. It could use more ovals and perhpas some other forms of racing (that's simply liscensing not the developers fualts) but it is by all means a 10/10 sim.Buy it."
,Recommended,244210,32195861,Posted: 5 June,all,Nope.,Probably the best racing sim atm.
76561198120401039,Recommended,244210,32189999,Posted: 4 June,all,chase.halter,"**THIS IS NOT FOR THE CASUAL GAMER**I'm going to recommend the game because it offers TONS of customization, it's got great graphics for a racing game, and it's realistic to the last setting. If you're SUPER SUPER into cars, you're going to love it. I just wanted to race around a track and they're asking me what I want to set my gears to and what my tire pressure should be. The cars are hard to control becuase I don't know how to set it up properly. I haven't put the time in (just a couple hours) but it's extremely annoying. idk, just not for me I guess."
76561198208792612,Recommended,244210,32199757,Posted: 5 June,all,Tummie555,Best ever.
,Recommended,244210,27558804,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,severious,Best feeling racing sim i've played so far
,Recommended,244210,27558861,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Frubez,Great racing game if you have wheel and pedals!
,Recommended,244210,27468784,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,kukkaser,"One of the best driving simulators I have ever driven. It's not just the track and your car, but the tinkering to get the setup as best as possible to get the remaining 0,1s off your time."
,Recommended,244210,27470021,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,|3lind Fury,Really good racing simulator. Better than Project cars in most areas and still updated. Base price very reasonable for what you get.
,Recommended,244210,27451074,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Geist,"This game tops my ""fun with friends"" and friday night fun list. Friday nights I almost always end up doing some drunk driving in AC... oh the joy. I strongly advice you play this game with a decent wheel. Actually, dont play simcar games without a wheel, period.After some tweaking and learning what all the settings do, this game will feel reeeeally smooth and tailored."
,Recommended,244210,27485043,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Sr4L,"Awesome race sim, with all the bells and whistles it needs. Tuning and driving like a pro race driver, with awesome graphics."
,Recommended,244210,27476029,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ROF 🔰,the best there is
76561198125344242,Recommended,244210,27471485,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Obscura,One of the best racing sims ever..
,Recommended,244210,33401281,Posted: 9 July,all,1 MMR,"Very enjoyable game!!!!! It contains ton of cars for players to play, Ferraris, Porsches, GTRs. It simulates the handling pretty good, quite different compare to previous traditional racing games. Definitely worth to buy!!!"
76561198308977303,Recommended,244210,33419984,Posted: 9 July,all,fishchaser173,Very accurate racing simulator would highly recommend
76561197975825274,Recommended,244210,33462263,Posted: 11 July,all,SuomiSoldat,"Excelent driving simulator.Only issues I've had were during early access or so, as the development team changed some file-formats etc and most of my installed mods stopped working. Haven't checked after that wether somebody has modded those mods to be compatible with the current implementation or wether the team has re-added the support for the old formats.All-in-all currently the best driving simulator available not counting in rally."
,Recommended,244210,33255310,Posted: 4 July,all,Aeon,"I have a x34 Predator 3440x1440p@100Hz monitor and the intro video is toward the the bottom of the screen most of it I cannot even see. I modified a setting in game that best fits my display resolution and I think that maybe causing it. Doing this just gets rid of weird gray boxes in the background of the user-interface.Then the main menu GUI is really small, sometimes hard to read, with all the vehicle previews unable to make out the vehicles without really looking hard. Is there a way to increase the GUI size without playing at a super low resolution?While configuring controls I am unable to map an ""axis"" to ""glance left"", ""glance right"" and ""look behind"". AC only allows buttons to be mapped to these controls. Pressing both glance left/right at the same time does look behind, but I would really prefer to what I am accustomed to, using the left analog joystick on the formula rim.Setting Windows default playback device to my SteelSeries H-Wireless Headset, Assetto Corsa ignores this and still sends all audio to the speakers.Will there ever be fixes for these things, released by the devs?While looking for a multiplayer server hosting F1 content I was only able to join 4 servers, so I tried to host my own server and was instantly given error messages.acServerManager.exe Error: 0 :|Initialization of 'System.Windows.Controls.TextBlock' threw an exception.|at System.Windows.Markup.WpfXamlLoader.Load(XamlReader xamlReader, IXamlObjectWriterFactory writerFactory, Boolean skipJournaledProperties, Object rootObject, XamlObjectWriterSettings settings, Uri baseUri)|at System.Windows.Markup.WpfXamlLoader.LoadBaml(XamlReader xamlReader, Boolean skipJournaledProperties, Object rootObject, XamlAccessLevel accessLevel, Uri baseUri)|at System.Windows.Markup.XamlReader.LoadBaml(Stream stream, ParserContext parserContext, Object parent, Boolean closeStream)|at System.Windows.Application.LoadComponent(Object component, Uri resourceLocator)|at acServerManager.MainWindow.InitializeComponent() in i:\Manu\Documents\kunosprivate\acServerManager\acServerManager\MainWindow.xaml:line 1|at acServerManager.MainWindow..ctor(Boolean loadUI) in i:\Manu\Documents\kunosprivate\acServerManager\acServerManager\MainWindow.xaml.cs:line 39While playing on a multiplayer server with the TATUS open wheel, as soon as I got on track qualifying my screen was stuttering like crazy making it pretty impossible to concentrate on hitting apexes. I left and rejoined the server while the race was still in progress, and the stuttering was completely gone, but after 3 corners the race had ended. I decided to stay since the stuttering seemed to have gone away, but as soon as the server reset and began the qualifying session again the stuttering had returned. I tried recording this with shadowplay, but the stuttering is not coming through on the recording."
,Recommended,244210,33297503,Posted: 5 July,all,MoonBloodPrince,"Is a great game, but its not me."
,Recommended,244210,33334209,Posted: 6 July,all,Easyy,Hey this game looks coolbuys gameThis is impossible with a controllerbuys wheelMe: racing is pretty funDrifting: join meMe: nah i want to raceDrifting: too late
,Not Recommended,244210,12727852,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Satsumomo,"I am changing my review for this game.It has been out for almost 3 years and it still has the worst UI possible, it seriously is stupid and will constantly remove all your controller configurations. The server browser is horrible, you can't save servers and you can't blacklist others either.But let's leave that aside.The main reason I do not recommend this game is because of the incredibly stupid DLC model. DO NOT BUY IF YOU DO NOT INTEND TO BUY AT LEAST 75% OF ALL DLC.Why? Because you are not allowed to race against people who have DLC you don't own. This is not like every other racing game out there, were you can race against cars you don't own, and simply not drive them. Nope, if you want to play on a GT3 server with your favorite car you already own, you won't be able to join if you don't own this other car you will never use.It's downright idiotic and keeps the game incredibly fragmented."
,Recommended,244210,33460758,Posted: 11 July,all,Afton,"I played Gran Turismo 4 on the PS2...all 480pixels of it..for years. Then I played Forza 4 on xbox360. Then I got a computer and realized just what a console peasant is...Then I got Assetto Corsa..Now I can't do anything else. Including sleep. I have to get the perfect tuning. The perfect turn. The perfect tachometer in my 2017 Ford GT.  Anyway, you've heard the term, ""Easy to learn, hard to master."" Well, that sums up this game very nicely. If you don't take the turns correctly, (or use enough brakes) you WILL crash. Unless it's an F1 or LMP1 race car. Those things have wicked awesome handling. I got it on the summer sale for $15 bucks. I'd pay the $30 again for it. The biggest downside for me is that literally half or MORE of the cars are DLC content. And each car is there in the menu....taunting you.  Begging you to buy it instead of pay off your car... On the plus side there are a great deal of mod cars and maps. Porsche 911 Turbo S, '17 Ford GT, Dodge Viper ACR, F1 cars galore, the Nurburgring Nordshcleife, Maple Valley race way, Laguna Seca and plenty more mods to keep you entertained. One more thing, you almost have to have a racing wheel to play this game. Preferably a G25/G27 or something with a clutch and H-shifter. You can get buy with just throttle, brake and paddle shifters, but a clutch and h shifter is WAAYYY more fun. Get this game. It's worth every penny."
76561198400925762,Recommended,244210,33457875,Posted: 11 July,all,grips,"Not GPL...But no other sim is. Good graphics and it's a good sim but in my opinon, it's more of a ""test drive"" sim than a racing sim. Not enough cars in the same class to race against. Because of that, the DLC packs don't make sense. Unless you just want to test drive different cars in different classes. Would like to see DLC packs  with all cars from the same series and year. Example, the sim comes with the Lotus 49...but no other cars to race against it. Yes, it's fun to just drive the 49 but more fun to race other cars of the same class and era. Give us a pack that includes the entire 1967 F1 lineup or late 1970's Camel GT field and you'll have something that would sell like hotcakes and could maybe become the next GPL.Update: I just found the mod and add-on sites for this sim. WOW! I now have 1967 F1 lineup and many of my favorite tracks from GPL. VERY happy! :)"
76561197993314571,Recommended,244210,33476924,Posted: 12 July,all,Jimmy Rain,"Love this game!!!Wish I had a steering wheel, but also a lot of fun with just a keyboard!!!Kinda hope the devellopers team will add some more cars like a Lamborghini Diablo VT, an Aston Martin DBS...Love the tracks, especially Spa and the Nurburg variations!Would like some more tracks like Zolder, Belgium and of course Le Mans and it's variations!!Bought it at discount and is well worth it!!!"
76561198072804755,Recommended,244210,33491521,Posted: 12 July,all,kev.huczok,Great game
,Recommended,244210,33502800,Posted: 13 July,all,Sodgrim,"I drive a ton of different simulators, honestly, at this point, I wish I had just bought Assetto Corsa and spent more time in this simulator instead.  FANTASTIC - absolutely worth your purchase, support these guys and lets see this product get even better!"
,Recommended,244210,33451862,Posted: 11 July,all,{yellow}[gsk]crossfire ๑ﭥ,"this simulator is cool, this actually trains people to drive irl? No wonder, it's so difficult."
,Recommended,244210,29910061,Posted: 13 February,all,Ian,Assetto Corsa is a great sim. Definitely a must have if you are into racing.
,Recommended,244210,33573870,Posted: 15 July,all,PINE,"One of the best simulators put there, the game only have a limited amount of cars without dlc, but it will be a blast if you bought all the dlc and steering wheel."
,Recommended,244210,33548426,Posted: 14 July,all,kruden,"The best simulator you will find in realistic car handling. Look no further, no other car simulator has come this far for the realism. No doubt the best in today's racing simulator compared to others titiles like (Project Cars ... do not buy it). This simulator out score other simulator in every way."
,Recommended,244210,31351707,Posted: 24 April,all,abijad,An epic racing simulator! Good job KS! Really liked this game and I bought both the steam version and the PS4 version.Several race tracks I want to have fun on badly:circuit des 24 heuresindianapolismonacosepangimola pre-1994 layoutsuzuka
,Recommended,244210,33543477,Posted: 14 July,all,jhford,This game is amazing!  I played it with a steering wheel (G920) and it is probably the most fun racing game I've played ever.  It actually felt right for the first time.  I love the selection of cars (bought a lot of DLC during summer sale) but I wish it had more tracks.  There's a lot of tracks that I would love to see in the game.
,Recommended,244210,28172745,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,LokiD,"Finally AC can go up against the mighty rf2!!Great AI, great handling, great FFB, great visuals, great audio (new cars) great cars, could do with a few more tracks though.If we just had more dynamic weather (random), maybe night ( i know these arent happening) a better realroad etc etc then it could surpass rf2.But a great alternative hardcore handling simulator to compliment rf2!Great evolution for AC!"
,Recommended,244210,33303195,Posted: 6 July,all,mariosk1,At the moment its one of the best racing/drivingsimulationgames.
76561198069206113,Recommended,244210,33301300,Posted: 5 July,all,IMURGOD AU,"Pros: Sublime physics, great graphics, good mod supportCons: LOTS of empty servers with no ability to have custom settings for online lobbies (i.e. They choose your car, track, laps, session, etc. options and you can't change it so there's lot of cars and tracks that you buy as DLC and just can't use online."
,Recommended,244210,33382887,Posted: 8 July,all,|3lackFox,"I want to love Assetto Corsa more than I do, but with a decent amount of content being paid DLC it becomes rather difficult. Infact ALL of the Porsche lineup is DLC and do not come with the game. This game is a great game in regards to realism, detail and experience, but it would have been nice to not have to buy all of the DLC to get another 30% of the game content. The DLC itself is not expensive, but when you consider the fact that you buy the game for around $30 + DLC that $30 game is now almost $70 and that's not including whatever other non-free DLC they decide to release. This game is still wonderful though and I still believe it is a game worth buying 100%, but just keep in mind that you may at some point feel that you want more content only to find out that you have to buy it."
76561198126016665,Recommended,244210,33383968,Posted: 8 July,all,Dealesis,"I had been looking for a good racing game for a long time. Then I found this, but was afraid what it would feel like without a steering wheel and pedals setup. I own a Xbox 360 pad, and red some comments that this game would be hard/near impossible to play on a controller. On the other hand, some said this was a good game even with a controller. I don't consider myself a pro in racing, but have some good experience in racing with a game pad, so I decided to give this game a try.First thing I noticed, was the opening theme is FREAKING AWESOME! Then I had to do some benchmarking and visual settings, and the game runs perfectly. I got constant 200+ fps in benchmark, but I have no use for that because I own only 60hz monitor, so I toggled vsync on. Then I read a steam guide for settings for my game pad, and copied them. At first try, the car felt really light and unstable, as the game registered every nanometer of movement in the controller, so driving straight was near impossible. This was due to the guide being in a different build and the values had changed since. All I did was change the ""gamma"" value up to 4 and tried again. This time it felt good, and drivable.After this, I tried some more racing. The more I drove the more I loved the game, and the more I was messing with the setups, the more I knew I had no idea what I was doing. And I like that feeling. Driving with a controller has it's drawbacks, but it definately is doable.If you are afraid if you can play with a controller, I can assure that at least 360 game pad works fine. But be aware that not everything is perfect with a pad. If you look at my achievements page, you can see I have gotten over half of the chievos, and all of these are gained using my 360 pad. However, there are some situations where the controller is insufficient. The steering is sensitive, so you need to learn to control yourself to not steer too hard or the car will not turn as the tyres are on full lock, sliding sideways. This is in some cases the biggest problem, as some challenges need extreme precicion which is not possible to reach with a small stick. This, however is mainly a problem if you are after all of the achievements in this game. If you are looking for a good racing game to do some sunday driving, this is a great game."
,Recommended,244210,33388237,Posted: 8 July,all,ÐΔNIΞLЯDS,This simulator is so GOOD!! SO GOOD!!
76561198095920607,Recommended,244210,33392574,Posted: 8 July,all,motocrossrider250,"Excellent Racing Simulator, very realistic, and i love the fact that you can race F1 and vintage race cars against modern day supercars!"
76561198068323513,Recommended,244210,24966619,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Professor Hubert J. Farnsworth,"This really is a great game, there is apathological obsession with realism and accuracy,and that alone makes this game worth it. But, presently, this game is really something you would enjoy much more if you get a wheel rather than a controller. Im getting one myself, but i think the developers should focus a bit on making the game more enjoyable for someone with a controller. The UI is not very intuitive when it comes to setting up a controller.Also, add SAABsand turn on reverse lights"
,Recommended,244210,26105886,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,✪Teminkga,"I thing that the game is really fun, but i think that they could add a so you can costumis cars like in forza 3 H, Like change the color more advanced and but spoiller, new wheels, tyres, and the body, lower the car and otehr thinks like that would be great in this game. It will also be nice if they added clutvh to the keyboard i don't play with wheel but im really in to clutch so it would be very nice if you   added the clucht to the keybaord thanks. I was also thinking about if we had in the gamem, like a free roam city that you would go with your friends and drive free, with no course like forza horizon 3, that would be so cool as im pretty tired off, tracks and only wan't to free roam a litle with my BMW. The last thing i also want to talk about is mods, how the sounds are gone for some off the mods, and how in some mods the sound only work when you sit in firstperson in your car, and when you switch to thirdperson, the sound is gone, and you can no longer hear the Engine, please Kunos im beggeng your fix this and don't wait for the modders to update their mods, do it your self and fix your game. It is the modders that helped Asseto Corsa to grow and show them that you care, and give them something back, and sound is really important in this game you can't play with out it, so help the modders update your game and get the sounds for the mods back!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,244210,10503395,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Horntail,just awesome...
76561198069376271,Recommended,244210,25890760,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Mad.Whiddett,"I am sure this game would be fantastic with a steering wheel.However I am unable to find a controller that actually works. Even with the steam controller ther controls are a nightmare to map. they appear to reset them selfs when they feel like it and just make the game unplayable.Update:Having finally got around to buying a thrustmaster gt300 (with the additional shifter and three pedals) This game turned from almost unplayable (with xbox controller/steamcontroller/keyboard) to a really fun decent game.The physics are spot onThe graphics are good (room for improvement though)Sounds goodBut the best thing about assestto corsa like alot of racing games before it is modding.As a basic game you run out of fun content quickly. Im sure with the DLC there would be alot to choose from, but never being a superguy/porsche guy myself I wasnt much intrested.The game is so easy to mod with simple drag and drop files.Either way my advice, dont buy unless you have a wheel. Other than that fantastic racer, wont be dissapointed."
76561197968988382,Recommended,244210,25735969,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Maik0,"As close as it gets to a simulator, don't get me wrong, nfs was fun back in late 90s as a kid, but this is as close as it gets with a good steering wheel, without actually driving the cars in real life."
76561198114250709,Recommended,244210,22307209,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,erikdfier,"Version (1.12)  I dont get the versioning they have going on with this title.Either I've adapted to all the changes in the game, or they have all been improved.Though, the Frame pacing referenced below, still exists and I have definitely have adapted to the stuttering.Version 1.9 -The Graphics:Porsche's... amazing, but the tweeks to the Audio in the game ruins the inclusion of these cars.The Audio:Wow! its Horrible now! what are they doing to this game?  During play, its ok, but it sure lost something with these ""improvements"" ""tweaks"" theyre doing.  What a shame.The Replays:Dynamically adjust from 16 ms/60 fps or 33 ms/30 fps, its a jarring and ugly transition.To fix this, Uncheck ""Full Screen Rendering"" in the Display Options.The Audio during replays, sounds OFF... and very odd at times.  It was more intense, directional and immersive in 1.8Version 1.8 -Assetto Corsa is shaping up to be the best Racing Game on any platform.  Each update shows improvement."
,Recommended,244210,30123703,Posted: 23 February,all,A1M2,THE BEST GAME EVERIn VR now just WOW this game is so well coded it runs like I wish everthing would no spikes in my graphs
,Recommended,244210,30056780,Posted: 20 February,all,&Mixu♥,Best game for drifting
,Recommended,244210,25139279,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Itty Bitty Kitten,"I owned this game and used to have a bug that wasn't fixed making the game unplayable, recently they have fixed this issue in a patch for me. So the game is playable again, and I do recommend this game now that this issue has been fixed, its a great drifting game, racing, car simulator overall with lots of dlc cars and tracks at HQ and mod support. What else could you want from a racing game?_____________________________Old Review - Issues below were fixed._____________________________TL:DR - It had frame rate problem even on my 8k pc. Sad.I bought this game to drift on my race wheel, which worked great! It had tons of settings, but that game frame rate was just horrible. At that time I had a 760 GTX overclocked and a I5 4670k overclocked, 8gb of ram and I was getting a max of 30 fps on all setting. Forcing the game to 32 bit helps but still was getting a max of 30-32 fps.Fast forward about 1 year, I purchased a VR headset and wanted to try it on this game. I also upgrade my pc over that year or so. I am running a 980 ti and the same I5 and 16gb of ram and I am getting around 15-30fps on lowest settings."
,Not Recommended,244210,8053771,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,javaj,This is for deleting the modding forum.
,Recommended,244210,23356803,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Ace Favors,hands down one of the most realistic racing sims on steam (better that project cows) dlc is worth it and cars feel great with force feedback and a good setup
,Recommended,244210,28098637,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Dyago,"Awesome game, I love it! Thanks to the steep learning curve, there is a real challenge waiting for you when launching this game for the first time. The huge amount of cars and tracks make this game a lot of fun to play!- I do however miss, like in other racing games, a feelable 'connection' to the track, especially with the faster cars, mainly the Porsches. Would love to see Kunos improving this by a lot, cuz it used to be better. If they can further improve the simulation of feeling the car drive, this game shall be one of a kind!"
,Recommended,244210,28087951,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,R2-D2,Join up Dissyhttps://discord.gg/J75am2Q
76561198030961877,Recommended,244210,23117282,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,boosted_vag,"Excellent game, astonishing physics and good graphics, also has a nice multiplayer"
,Recommended,244210,28122659,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Owen Jones,"Ultimate racing sim, kinda hard tho (also needs a powerful pc, which I dont have)"
,Recommended,244210,27921591,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,devilangelxwow,Suffice it to say this game saved my a*s on Nurburgring Nordschleife this Autumn.11/10 will understeer at Wehrseifen next year!
,Recommended,244210,28021149,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,radaxian,Fantastic feeling game. With a good force feedback wheel the cars feel great and with some adjustment there is a lot of feedback through the wheel. Interface could use an overhaul but the base driving simulation is great. Screaming around in the Shelby Cobra with the sound turned up is incredible.
,Recommended,244210,28032941,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Noxa,A great driving sim.
76561197962619901,Recommended,244210,27983529,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,n3x,Hands down the best racing simulation available.
76561198346643953,Recommended,244210,28111703,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,clutchcrusader2,awesome game.
76561198111565174,Not Recommended,244210,9590307,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,grbear98,"Half finished game that will remain as such because the Dev ( Stefano AKA Lord Kunos ) would rather act like s petulant child & insult his customers than finish it.. Until this guy learns how to be an adult & can finish developing a game i wouldn't just pass on it, I'd run from it.."
,Recommended,244210,25902681,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Milky,"This game never gets old.  There is something so satisfying about doing laps over and over and watching your times get better and better.I was playing this with a wheel and monitor, and after I got my vive, my lap times increased dramatically.  Give it a go if you have patience!"
76561197961439297,Recommended,244210,31363893,Posted: 25 April,all,R0g3r M00r3,"Absolutely what I have been waiting for, great game in VR, highly realistic. The beggining of online races are edge of your seat stuff as everyone jostles for position, really amazing game %100 seal of approval ;)"
76561198054388597,Recommended,244210,31379647,Posted: 26 April,all,Filip Roberto,"This video will show an online race on a simple random Tuesday night:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ozVh0YEJKcOf course it's not always that clean, but when it does happen ...it's an epic & tense experience."
,Recommended,244210,31416800,Posted: 28 April,all,CeylanCat,"Pros:Stunning GraphicsStable FPSCons:Numerous payware DLCs that I cannot enter any online game without 'emCannot start a race sometimes(Clicked on ""Start Engine"" then pop out the loading screen then it vanished)I'd say I gave it a like because I regard this game as one of the best RAC game,I would recommend this game to NFS and Forza enthusiasts for it is really designed for these people BUT these ridicuous bugs must be fixed first."
76561198353000341,Recommended,244210,31417199,Posted: 28 April,all,EclipseStudio,"It is a good game. if it has Chinese, it will be more popular in China."
,Recommended,244210,31409441,Posted: 27 April,all,halfdeck,"VR ReviewLiking the VR experience so far. Only complaint is having to remove my headset every time after the race is over, which lessens the feeling of immersion. Overall the frame rate inside the Vive is really smooth."
,Recommended,244210,31427323,Posted: 28 April,all,NITROUS,good game some stuff could be worked on
,Recommended,244210,31585183,Posted: 6 May,all,Enzyoo ッ,Finally a good drifting game.
76561198376137722,Recommended,244210,31570016,Posted: 5 May,all,Nick Toy (TinmanToy),"Just driven Nordschliefe in the Porsche RSR 2017, using Oculus Rift VR, and it was awesome. The TV makes the track look so flat, VR shows all the undulations and how steep certain parts of the track are. Brilliant racing, fantastic quality."
,Recommended,244210,15146518,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,This is War 88,"having moaned about the content and how I thought it wasn't worth the money I left a negative review but since then the game has came along way adding much more cars and tracks than  the previously launched version.Hands down the best racing game out there for realism, it may not be as pretty as other racers such as project cars, dirty rally ect but if you wanting a driving game that's as realistic as they come then this is for you."
76561198095928582,Recommended,244210,31594166,Posted: 6 May,all,Jazzas202,"Great game, still getting updates, good physics and a huge fan modbase. Highly recommended and great for drifting!"
76561198030017595,Recommended,244210,32223927,Posted: 6 June,all,DEERANK,gud
,Recommended,244210,32282543,Posted: 8 June,all,GUYTHΞKIDZ ツ,i'm a big drift fan and this is the reason why i bought this game. With all the cars and tracks you can add it's the best experience you can get from a car game. The drifting in this game is so good and satisfying. If you are in research of a good game where you can drift realistically this is the game to buy ! you can play with a controller but if you have or can have a wheel go for it !
76561198083027046,Recommended,244210,32268689,Posted: 8 June,all,pjcombi,Best Racing game I've ever played
,Recommended,244210,32314647,Posted: 10 June,all,Stewie,"Really Enjoyable game. More realistic feedback (and more fun) than pcars, but lacks slightly in the simulation. Mods usually do not have great feedback on the wheel, when compared to rfactor 2. However, base cars are much better than rfactor 2."
,Recommended,244210,32266584,Posted: 8 June,all,LuisRazel_PT,Perfect game for VR simulation
76561198001583371,Recommended,244210,32241720,Posted: 7 June,all,{FBI} Punisher,This is the Best Racing Game ever made hands down
76561198063143969,Recommended,244210,32234150,Posted: 7 June,all,JuanBanana,Great game
,Recommended,244210,32419452,Posted: 14 June,all,Saint,its a prety god car game if you like cars because there is some old and some new cars like one in mr beans cos that is a really really nice movie about a cool guy in france with sabine i recommend it if ur bored :)
,Recommended,244210,32422952,Posted: 14 June,all,dave242070,Great Sim.
,Recommended,244210,32958147,Posted: 28 June,all,MagnuM,Great game..
76561198092301941,Recommended,244210,32959456,Posted: 28 June,all,jellha,"Realy nice racing game, i played project cars and this feels so mutch better, the handeling everything . they did a realy nice job with this game!"
76561197990258343,Recommended,244210,26336640,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,BlackScorpion,"Amazing stuff going on inside :-) Well, the game is fluid, crisp, great, cars and tracks are GORGEOUS, my G25 is supported, and plugin' in the Oculus Rift CV1 after my also fully supported 3 screen setup: WOOOOOOOOOOWFeels great, for me it's a simulation, nothing arcadish!!!! :-)THis and Project Cars, for me at same level of simulation..... with the little plus that QC works for me way better and nicer under the oculus rift CV1 than PC...."
76561198044587069,Recommended,244210,32999373,Posted: 29 June,all,Turbo,One of the best racing (sim) games i ever played. The physics feels great and there are a lot of mods available. The DLC this game has to offer is also very good. I LUV THIS MASTERPIECE :D
,Recommended,244210,13271731,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,RoboticDevice,"Original review was posted December 7th 2014, recommended but criticized lack of variety.It's now 2017 and Assetto Corsa has seen quite a few updates and a lot of improvement. Physics are more realistic than ever and the variety issue has been largely resolved. I still feel as if there aren't enough stock consumer cars in comparison to bona fide race cars, but there's a healthy amount of both now. I see many complaints about the amount of DLC, but to be honest; where I normally see loads of DLC as an issue, here I don't. Kunos is/was an indie developer and does a full 3d scan of the real cars and tracks to make their content. This said, I wish they wouldn't advertise the cars in the car selection menu; where it's easy to select one you don't own and be sent to the store page.I've tried a great many racing games, many of which claiming to be realistic (here's looking at you Gran Turismo) but none compare to Assetto Corsa in this regard. Project Cars is a frequent comparison, but the quality of the models and physics relative are not comparible (look at the back seat of any car in Pcars). While Project Cars is admittedly more pretty in some regards, I greatly dislike the UI and VR support, as well as the feel of the physics.Using a Logitech G27 provided a great experience, now I use a T300+fanatec shifter/pedals and the experience is even better. I've tried with a controller and would not recommend bothering with the game unless you have a wheel. Forza and Gran Turismo are much better suited to a controller, as they are arcadey racers (especially by comparison).For the best racing sim short of a monthly payment for iRacing, Assetto Corsa is the boss. Not to mention mod support! Loads of mods for both models and tracks exist, including my own Mazda RX-8 mod."
76561198090930927,Recommended,244210,33127881,Posted: 2 July,all,joel,really good simulator with a realistic feel. this game is all about the thrill of driving and a steering wheel is definitely recommended
76561198117534413,Recommended,244210,33116875,Posted: 1 July,all,DriftWithMeBro,pretty nice game just need you a wheel and pedals and its perfect racing sim! physics are really realistic so this game could be challenging specially for those people that doesnt brake before taking a corner lol
,Recommended,244210,33186896,Posted: 3 July,all,Dangle,good game amazing phisics one of the must have sim racing games and loads of mod support
,Recommended,244210,33190500,Posted: 3 July,all,935MOBYDICK,"Great game. Physics are somehow realistic. Car engines sounds great too. But too many dlcs,especially for porsches."
76561198043198277,Recommended,244210,33190994,Posted: 3 July,all,sebrocco,nice sim racing
,Recommended,244210,33197266,Posted: 3 July,all,willywielando,Very good physics and stuff. Best racer out there up to date. DLC´s are a bit of pain in the♥♥♥♥♥though. Wheel Definitely recommended.
,Recommended,244210,33195378,Posted: 3 July,all,Min_Meow,Nice Game.
,Recommended,244210,33192996,Posted: 3 July,all,Andysoarus,es very nice yes yes nice
,Recommended,244210,33192918,Posted: 3 July,all,JaKa semtime,muito bom!!
,Recommended,244210,33159747,Posted: 2 July,all,ExistentialistWerewolf,"This one's for the simulator purists. It doesn't have as much content as other games of it's genre, but it's by far the most realistic and best looking."
,Recommended,244210,33163223,Posted: 2 July,all,ThatOnePerson | Roblox G@NG,"It's a good racing simulation game, but holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ the multiplayer is garbage. There is no way to setup a simple private game for you and your friends to join and play together. There is a bunch of stupid dedicated server garbage, and weird files and port fowarding♥♥♥♥♥♥that I really don't have the time to deal with. Right now, it's a good SINGLEPLAYER racing game, but until they make the multiplayer as simple as something like Project Cars or Forza Horizon multiplayer, it isn't a good multiplayer racing game."
,Recommended,244210,33165575,Posted: 2 July,all,RX-7,"Don't play if you don't have a wheel, you definitely need a wheel. 10/10 with a wheel. Sucks to play with a controller as the physics for this game is off."
,Recommended,244210,33191532,Posted: 3 July,all,Saxvi,Love it!
,Recommended,244210,33122455,Posted: 2 July,all,Zflash,"I only play AC in VR and it's an amazing experience! It's graphicly one of the best and with the SRS online option, it's simply complete! I switch between this and iRacing, but this one keeps getting better and better."
,Recommended,244210,33215391,Posted: 3 July,all,TheTrucker CSGOBUBBLE,Is a very good game
,Recommended,244210,31878212,Posted: 21 May,all,KC's,lovin' it. simply the best. if you guys also implement online leagues you will be dominating ze wurld...;))
76561197989895734,Recommended,244210,31910887,Posted: 22 May,all,Galego,Great game overall.
,Recommended,244210,31374723,Posted: 26 April,all,stubin87,"The best commercial and realistic racing sim ever!! PERIOD!!Very serious stuff, I love it and recommend it to any car enthusiast."
,Not Recommended,244210,27540230,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,XTwo,"List of Annoyances that lead to this Negative Review:- Requires you to keep a keyboard and mouse around just to press Esc and move the cursor whenever you want to quit or restart a race or navigate any menu.  No controller/wheel buttons for it.- No random opponents of the same class option.  Game requires you to make your own AI grid for every race.- Rough, hard and stiff controlls, whether playing with a controller or a wheel (especially when compared to the incredible perfect smoothness of Project Cars).- Mouse cursor can appear during race and highlight UI elements 'cause you'll totally want to move them in the middle of driving.- Various unexplained control sliders, (the hell does ""Gamma"" or ""Filter"" do?) some of which will make your wheel behave and sound like it's destroying itself from the inside.- Almost 600 achievements, almost all of them impossible.- Have to click through credits screen every time you exit the game.- Weird options like 300x time acceleration which will just make the game instantly go to sunset time and stay there since there is no night time or weather effects."
76561198089849481,Recommended,244210,31555662,Posted: 5 May,all,sin_23,"Thorougly enjoying everything about this sim. I am not fast but it's a great way to experience some amazing cars and tracks. VR on the CV1 works great, jumping online and racing is the heart of this package in my opinion.Still working my way through the career aspect of the game which has been made all the more fun since VR support.Hope to see more manufacturers onboard with this, loving the Porsche packs.Kudos to Kudos."
76561198158250933,Recommended,244210,31472298,Posted: 30 April,all,GristyT,amazing game but need a lot more cars and tracks that are free
76561198212142499,Recommended,244210,31442928,Posted: 29 April,all,✪ w0keN,Drifting buss 10/10
,Recommended,244210,31447020,Posted: 29 April,all,MichaelJG02,"Assetto Corsa is a good game that is fairly easy to run on budget hardware like a GTX 950 and get well over 60FPS.If you get this game I recommend having a wheel to play as that is the definitve way to play this game.It is well worth the money at $30 as you get good mod support and decent graphics, and a good community.One thing to note is that the Japanese Car Pack is one of the most important DLC's to get as it is in most servers."
76561198352691018,Recommended,244210,31452735,Posted: 29 April,all,NickeS43,10/10
76561198239703876,Recommended,244210,31453892,Posted: 29 April,all,renzramelb,LOL
76561198020138192,Recommended,244210,31430879,Posted: 28 April,all,Nutmeister,"Assetto Corsa is an absolutely wonderful sim. The cars are as you'd expect to be irl. You might even find your own car in here. To pair that with meticuously created, laser scanned tracks, it's a pair that can't be beat. Yes, iRacing has the same thing, but this has it at a much, MUCH affordible price point.ProsLaser Scanned tracks, yes even the awesome, yet deadly nurburgring. This means that every bump is going to be there.•Beautifully detailed cars•Great graphics•Good performace. Running a GTX 1060 and i5 7600k, no hiccups w/1080p60 on ultra•Sounds are good. Some cars better than others•Good UI•Lots of settings for controls•Good amount of tune things for the car, suspension etc.•Not a pro nor a con, but the force feed back is okay. Maybe I haven't found the right settings yet, but it isn't great, nor terrible.Cons•AI, they seem scared to pass you, even if they are much faster than you.•Multiplayer. You're going to need a leauge to have nice, clean racing•With bad AI and sketchy multiplayer, this goes into a hotlapping simulator if you can't find a good enough server•Lack of tracks. Mods will be needed. There are some good quality tracks listed onOverall, I'd give this game an 85/100At this pricepoint, there is almost nothing like it. It can't be beat, unless you want to pay a ridiculous amount of money for the same amount of content on iRacing.(I payed around $36 for almost all of the contect except the red pack, so maybe there is a bit of a bias here. Once this goes on sale again, I reccomend getting as much content as you can, as I did.)"
76561198018880621,Recommended,244210,31462614,Posted: 30 April,all,Bubi,"Best racing SIM!!!! Excellent, perfect, great!!!!!"
76561198211614273,Recommended,244210,31470645,Posted: 30 April,all,Blue40,One of the best Racing sim for wheel users. drifting is flawless aswell as racing. a must buy add it to your cart. you will not be disapointed
76561198326508118,Recommended,244210,31615920,Posted: 7 May,all,[BoiyoSquad] Skrubbo,"wtf is happening... I'm trying to start a race but it just goes back to the menu. Gr8 game overall, would reccomend if you don't have the bug, but this bug sucks!"
,Recommended,244210,33642161,Posted: 18 July,all,GottaGoFaaaaast,"I'm somewhat new to racing sims, as the last racing game I actively played was Gran Turismo 3 on the PS2. The thought of having a highly realistic racing game seemed appealing to me, so here we are.Assetto Corsa is quite an immersive game, with all the sounds and graphical effects you'd expect in a modern game. Sometimes the textures and track details, such as people, lack detail, but you can tell these measures were taken to ensure maximum detail on the cars themselves. The cars are quite pretty, with realtime reflections rendered off all the painted surfaces of the cars and lots of detail. To see what I mean, just zoom in on the back of the Porsche 917K and look at the underbody.The tracks in the game are varied, and many have been recreated using laser scans of the real locations they represent. The Nurburgring Nordschleife, is quite an amazing track to tour, especially when you compare it with actual in-car video footage of the track. Almost all the bumps and even a decent amount of the graffiti are in the game's version. I just wish there were more tracks.However, this brings me to one of my favorite things about this game: it's popular to mod. There are hundreds of tracks and cars created by players, and they can be essentially copy-pasted into the game. In addition, there are even custom plugins created by players to provide additional instrumentation and the like while playing - for example, Helicorsa provides a radar-like view to help you see cars nearby without having to look left, right, or in your mirrors.The depth of the gameplay is what will keep you coming back, though. As this is a game which aims to be realistic, the physics simluations don't allow for many mistakes. Catch a curb wrong, or get on the power too early, and your car might spin. On the other hand, it's always satisfying to eke out a second here or there on your laptimes or to make a clean pass around a corner.One final thing - there's a lot of DLC for this game. Luckily, I got the game while on sale, found that I liked it, then bought the remaining DLC during the summer sale. So, look for deals like that. Otherwise, there is a ton of DLC. Most of it, however, it very good. All in all, this is a great game if you are into racing."
76561197960441014,Recommended,244210,33550015,Posted: 14 July,all,Freelancer,Best all-around racing simulator there is. It has a wide variety of cars and tracks and a very high level of realism.
76561198287441980,Recommended,244210,32393961,Posted: 13 June,all,MysticReverie,"Very polished game.Some people might find it a bit boring.Hard to put my finger on it, but it isn't a usual kind of racing game. It seems less of a roller coaster, smoother.I guess that equates as boring to some.I also find it a bit bland at times.But I also see it is a very polished and 'luxurious' game.My go to racing game these days is Automobilista though. I find it more exciting.But Assetto Corsa is a classy game."
,Recommended,244210,33739447,Posted: 23 July,all,Rocket Weeb,"This game is good as a racing sim. If you are looking for something that is easy to play and something you can just jump in, its not for you, it is an amazing sim however."
,Recommended,244210,33730067,Posted: 22 July,all,Ponchito - |  ZenRacing  |,"Very Awesome Sound!!not a great fun of the damage, kinda generic.but i DO LOVE the game"
,Recommended,244210,31704276,Posted: 12 May,all,Bah,Kudos to Kunos.
,Recommended,244210,33749397,Posted: 23 July,all,njstallion89,Great Game
,Recommended,244210,33788734,Posted: 25 July,all,1prelude,"Great sim, scaleable difficulty for those looking for something realistic or just a casual racing game. Similar to Gran Turismo, but better. Sounds and graphics are great, but the menu system could use some streamlining. It can be confusing to navigate. Also, the best controller option is a steering wheel unless you spend some time tweaking the advanced options for a 360 controller."
,Recommended,244210,28622368,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,smd nigga,"I'm only recommending this because the physics are supposed to be the best out there. Physics aside, this game has a very♥♥♥♥♥♥poor car selection and was forced to buy more cars through DLCs; luckily i bought them during the steam sale. Graphics aren't that good, possibly the worst I've seen from a modern racing game. Also the performance doesn't justifiy the ugly graphics. This game max out runs at 90fps (with aa disabled) and looks ugly af! Project cars at high settings gets me 140fps and looks 10x better. overall, i'ld give this game a 7/10. if it wasn't for the top notch car physics - i'ld give it a 1/10."
76561198347676072,Recommended,244210,33863796,Posted: 28 July,all,Black Tiger,It's very realistic to drive and the amount of mods make the possibilities endless. I am getting an oculus rift for my birthday and hoping this will be amazing to drive with :)
,Recommended,244210,31480386,Posted: 30 April,all,kramer.colin,Really like this game.It has realistic physics ok textures and its just very fun.I bought it with 50% discount and it was definetly worth it.
76561198095107766,Recommended,244210,33840256,Posted: 27 July,all,Cumby,"Great Game, but you cant really play it without packs and mods"
,Recommended,244210,33846653,Posted: 27 July,all,fps_nug,A++ good physics and also tofu drift for only 9$
76561198030972759,Recommended,244210,33856534,Posted: 28 July,all,fabiangc,Simply great!
76561198311332269,Recommended,244210,33885486,Posted: 29 July,all,korpboon,great game
,Recommended,244210,31274868,Posted: 21 April,all,Frits,"This is my favourite racing game of all time. Getting all the dlc can make it expensive, but on the steam sales it's not that bad. All things considered it is great value for money. Online public racing is a true roll of the dice. A lot of idiots are on the servers, but picking a server with Minorating requirement AB takes care of most of this problem! I also highly recommend everyone download the Helicorsa app, this helps with keeping it clean and fair! Happy racing!"
76561198119302405,Recommended,244210,33877623,Posted: 29 July,all,Dentus,Need vtec in this game yo
76561198026457900,Recommended,244210,34002303,Posted: 3 August,all,etmidust,great simulator. wish the servers had better reliability though
,Not Recommended,244210,15988677,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Bira Neto,"Very good simulation and great graphics...Works great on both G25 and G27 after you manage to setup them right (which is a pain. The presets do nothing and you have to map everything from scratch).Probably one of the best sims, but with the worse interface. You will have to keep your keyboard and mouse at hand (laughable if you ask me). Devs are making tons of money and can't fix something as simple as this."
76561198142524127,Recommended,244210,34069026,Posted: 6 August,all,Mascot,Incredible in VR.
76561198078731210,Recommended,244210,7634586,"Posted: 11 November, 2013",all,rush62,Fantastico !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198387541123,Recommended,244210,33804550,Posted: 26 July,all,fayadfaris16,"I HAVE SOLVED THE CPU OCCUPANCY ISSUE. set the rendering launch limit to fullscreen instead of 2560 in the general setting. it was making my pc lag like ♥♥♥♥ during the online sessions. this is one of the best racing sims out there, the physics are super, cars and the sounds are accurate. the online community is very helpful and actually race fast, the mods are fantastic aswell, the AI are aggressive and will move in to defend their lines, remember to set the aggression rate aswell. overall a fantastic simulator. great fun. i had not recommended it earlier due to the cpu occupancy issue."
,Recommended,244210,34079591,Posted: 7 August,all,jOrA,"Good old-fashioned racing game.It's old-fashioned which brings lots of problems. The major one is a horrific interface. Firstly game has basically two apps. One is the launcher i.e. main menu and the other one is race itself. Even when I opened a game in full-screen mode launcher was a tiny thing in the middle of my screen even though resolution of the game was the resolution of my screen. In the actual game, there's no problem with that. The interface looks very cheap and bad. It's not flashy at all and in the game, you basically don't have any interface at all... Unless you turn on 'the apps' which I found simply by accident. However apps are basically 'word' text boxes and tables, they don't look pleasing at all. Another issue is penalty system while racing. It can punish you even if you didn't cut the track but just simply failed to turn so you went straight. Even though you didn't cut game will say you did and punishments are insane as well. They ask you to slow down for up to 30 seconds, which means loose the game.On the bright side, cars feel natural and not like they are made out of paper. Each car feels completely different to the previous one. Cars look good on the outside and which is surprising on the inside as well. When your camera is positioned inside a car it actually feels like you are inside a car(I was playing in 4K and on max settings). Finally, races aren't boring because bots actually can do something.Final thoughts you really don't need to do so but if you do buy all DLC they are extremely expensive (individually cheap butadd up to a large number) and while racing you can't affect the position you starting. You always start last or near last which was very annoying to me because I feelno racing game should have that.Anyway, if it's your first racing game definitely don't get it but,if you like cars or play racing games a lot it's goodas it lets you experiment a lot by simply changing anything you want from tyres to electronics in your car before the race."
,Recommended,244210,13739999,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,TL1KS,Will re write review soon
,Recommended,244210,34218006,Posted: 13 August,all,Cakcibor Pelesit,for candy eye seeker and league hunter..mp netcode still need to improve alot..just play sp
76561198116515408,Recommended,244210,34469821,Posted: 24 August,all,allanemily5,"VR ReviewAfter having played over 10 hours in Project cars, i thought i was getting a decent vr experience, picked this up on sale and gave it a shot.What you are getting here is a great VR experience, just about everything in this game is superior,  it just feels right and i can get lost for hours playing this game. No vr menu but its not a problem if you can sit at your desk.Took me a while to win my first race but getting the hang of it now and its awesome!Highly recommended especially if you own a wheel, using the g27 and having a blast!10/10"
76561198141322936,Recommended,244210,34469924,Posted: 24 August,all,Prox25saint,Assetto Corsa should include the 2017 Ford GT
,Recommended,244210,35094074,Posted: 20 September,all,JordiLUL,"Good 'ol reliable. I can always come back to this and spend a few hours hucking laps around my favourite tracks in the fairly constant flow of new cars. I see this more as a utility then a game.99% of my time in this is spent hot lapping, racing against myself. That's where I find the most enjoyment, I can just focus and relax.I never enjoyed multiplayer, always some sort of experience jarring lag for me. Works well for others I assume.The AI never struck me as terrible, I can have fun with it. At 100% they have a superhuman braking ability that I just can’t match with my setup. I stick around 95%.I don't play for career mode, though I did try it out for a bit,  I think it was alright. Not a cinematic experience, if that's what you're looking for.The FFB works very well for me on my G27. I don't know what to say to those with a negative experience, but I find most cars to be very communicative. I can't remember what my early experience was like, but I know I had to play with all the settings. Have had it locked in for a long time now, Love it.Performance has been great for me on my outdated 7970. I play Med-High at 100FPS. Stable as well.The graphics of the cars on high seem very good to me. The environment? Not so much, pretty jaggy and uninspiring. I hardly notice though, I'm focused at the task at hand, not sight-seeing.Selection of cars is OK, of course I would love more, especially more production cars. I feel like they are all quality representations, and all are unique. They spend a lot of time on each car. The vintage cars are very emotional for me, lots of love and detail.Definitely expensive at this point to buy all the DLC, wish they had a value option for newcomers. I bought them all as they released. Not going to break them all down, but they all have something great to offer. Love the latest Ferrari pack!The amount and selection of tracks is fine by me. Really, if it has Mugello I'm happy!I don’t care much about different weather, though I suppose rain would be a fun new challenge if they added it.Not going to go too hard in this review, but this is MY experience, and the satisfaction is based on MY expectations.I'm not here to lie and fanboy about a videogame, but this is the greatest sim experience I've ever had, having tried them all.I only care about how it fulfills my criteria, and it does so wonderfully."
76561198349168085,Recommended,244210,35098361,Posted: 20 September,all,TaufiqTX,"This is a great racing simulator. Graphics could be better, My system can handle current gen 4k with no problems. But this game handles great with a xbox one controller. Some cars sounds are amazing. Racing is fun. But there are better racers out there."
76561198001199962,Recommended,244210,27725581,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Nevini,If you like driving games.If you have a CV1If you have a decent wheel.If you have no life.If you traded the wife/Gf or BFBuy this game. 10/10The best Hotlap sim money can buy.
76561198125113978,Recommended,244210,14824103,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,ZOOM,I paid 44 euros forthis and it has like 15 cars????If you buy forza for a bit more you get around 200 cars and if you buy need for speed you get around 50....i know it has mods an sh*** but still it could have at least 60 offical cars.I mean its a simulator after all so i espected more.Lack of cars aside this is the best simulator out there.
76561198416222056,Recommended,244210,34969579,Posted: 15 September,all,LOVE,因为喜欢这款游戏所以还是过来评价一下说一下自己的看法：我觉得玩这款游戏的人一定是爱好汽车，而不单单是喜欢玩游戏的人我说一下优缺点；优点  1.游戏对电脑配置要求不算太高，可以让更多玩家直接上手2.因为有模拟器属性，所以车辆的操控十分真实 也是这个游戏最核心的优势3.车辆丰富，能把F1方程式和法拉利品牌搞定实在不错4.在车辆的设置和功能上面考虑的还是比较全面 ，例如 DRS KERS系统等。。 也充分证明这个游戏的取向5.玩家可以自己打mod，这大大提高了车迷们的乐趣6.车辆外观做的还不错，声音很逼真  每一辆车都有自己的性格7.主流方向盘完美支持   支持VR缺点 1.游戏UI做的简直不忍直视，根本没有经过任何的设计， 交互逻辑混乱 极其丑陋和难用！（这是最难以忍受的 ）2.车辆品控较差 有些车做的很不错，但有一些明显不对劲（例如GTR35 只打方向不转弯）3.内饰不够精细， 一些踩油门离合刹车的动作也没有。毕竟是拟真型 我觉得加上才完美嘛4.车内视角 个别车怎么也调不好合适的视野（然后发现竟然方向盘的中心点和仪表盘竟然形不成直线） 更说明了这个 ‘品控’5.游戏属性不高，娱乐性较低。   市场上对手很多怕难以留住玩家6.无法改装车辆 只能调教，但因为UI做的差劲也给玩家带来很多困扰7.没有夜晚和雨天比赛模式   不配备中文（明显不在乎中国市场嘛）总结： 其实还是很喜欢这款游戏，也希望游戏开发商能够尽快的改进一些缺点；最难以忍受的就是UI界面给人的感觉就是个半成品 90年代的感觉！2015年上市，到现在仍旧没有什么改变，除了多了一些dlc 难以想象要是没有mod玩家会少多少其实F12017 极品飞车15  尘埃4 都很有特色和优点，也希望游戏开发商能借鉴一下尽快改良游戏
,Recommended,244210,34449747,Posted: 23 August,all,Asuna Yuuki,"Loving it, since my last review, I have over 24 hours in AC. I wish there was more JDM cars, such as an R32, NSX, an AE85, things like that. Though still worth it. If you love Eurobeat, got $40-50 to spend, and have a decent steering wheel and pedals, buy this. I HIGHLY recommend this. This game and the JDM pack go together very well, also GREATLY satisfies my love for Initial D.This review is made by a HISTORY NERD, you'd expect me to be saying these are bad, but hell, I LOVE this game. If you see this review, and are unsure about buying it, just listen to some Eurobeat, your mind will be made QUICKLY. Especially since you can download maps and put them in here, I have Mt. Akina, and with the JDM pack, it makes it much more fun.If you're into legit racing and that, Can't help you there. But if you came here for drifting and JDM, you came to the right place."
76561198287168081,Recommended,244210,35119160,Posted: 21 September,all,OMG LUJ,"this game is pretty good, comparing to project cars this one is easier, cause project cars I play with xbox controller and and when I turn left or turn right it will just slide and you gonna lose 90% possibility.  so if you want to buy project cars, better don't get it if you don't have a steering wheel to play"
76561198064122781,Not Recommended,244210,13287682,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,DoGgs,"game looks good but has awful controls for xbox pad.  I bought a thrustmaster wireless cockpit to play it instead.....and it will not assign the pedals as throttle and brake, totally not acceptable and very poor from the devs.  I own PC 1 and  F1 2016, both work fine...shame on Kunos for these restrictions...very poor and totally not recommended."
76561197986976909,Recommended,244210,26443423,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Murphious,"UPDATE: WORKING! So far. So now giving it a hesitant thumbs up....When it worked it was better than average. But, there is almost always an issue getting this game to run properly after updates for PC and I've tried all the usual fixes for 4 hrs today. i'm done...not worth the trouble.  Was fine 3 months ago ; with updated graphic drivers I still get no farther than the menus. The old ""start button"" issue. Guess that's why most folks go console these days---less complicated, same hardware."
76561197989980790,Recommended,244210,21255772,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Killer claw,if u want  something realistic for your racing and don't have a huge amounts of money you can't go wrong  with this game  it might not be the most beautiful and what it  is missing in beauty it makes up with it's pyhsics model and if you want a realistic driving simulator you can't go wrong with this and i know there is  a better option for true fanatics but for the most of us  this a good second option
,Recommended,244210,34419295,Posted: 22 August,all,enigmatic,"Career mode suffices. It's pretty bare bones for content but as a realistic racing game/ sim. It's really  solid feeling, I feel the lack of a shifter is immersion breaking for me.  Paddle shifters don't feel right with the clutch and down shiftnig through tight corners can get annoying unless you reprogram the paddles too a button on the wheel which is even more immersion breaking.The game is cheap, a good wheel will set you back more. It's a worthwhile game to own, especially if you already have a wheel. Just took a few minutes to set up on first play through, must inverse the odd pedal.It's arguably one of the better drift sims out there, it has maybe one or two formula cars which is good if you don't have F1 games. It's car selection isn't that big but if you just want the physics and just wanna 'drive' it's a good game for that.Works really well with my logitec wheel. Didn't have to mess about at all and it's 1 to 1 on the turning ratio it adjusts pretty much for all vehicles with a reasonable wheel rotation."
,Recommended,244210,34429845,Posted: 22 August,all,samjc,10/10this is not a game.if you like forza then you wont like this.this is for people wanting a sim!3 screens a handbrake and a g29 and your in for some fun!!!!!!please dont play with a controller or keyboard you will s****
,Recommended,244210,33934008,Posted: 31 July,all,imaner76,"I'll be honest, it's the best I've found without paying £13 a month (iRenting)  You buy DLC it's yours, you have a track it's yours. If they don't supply it, Modders the world over with passion have built it. It works very well with a full Fanatec ClubSport setup and was rewarding on a Logitech G29. So it has many things for many levels. That in its self is worth it. It's also one of the better VR race experiences, not feeling closed in it makes you feel like you have depth inside and outside of the car. (I'm ReViving).Downside, well it's used by all, so many levels of competency can be found in online lobbies. Don't let that put you off, there are many great ones out there. If you want more than Project Cars can give you for feel and challenge. Buy it. If you are great at Forza Horizon... You’re in for a shock ;)"
,Recommended,244210,33939497,Posted: 31 July,all,sun veins,really noice
76561198045014670,Recommended,244210,34247775,Posted: 14 August,all,Uncle Daddy,"42 'documented' hours played so far with roughly: 8@ Online drifting, 3@ Career mode, 25@ Offline drifting and the rest being afk.My laptop is a total pos- hdmi to single 40""LEDgfx settings are all pretty average and the game runs 40-50fpsSteam controller- because no money.11/10 Highly reccommend at only $29.99.Pros:-Listed as a racing simulator, definitely feels like a simulator(I've not been able to do a wheelie though)-Massive career mode (If you're into that kind of thing)-Infinite replayability-Devs fully support and encourage modding.-Fully customizable everything. (Most driven vehicle is a rwd 1jz 99' Civic(or at least thats what the game thinks it is))-Massive community with tons of dlc.Cons:-Most active, populated online servers are located overseas-Most online servers do NOT support any kind of modded vehicles, instead the server typically has pre-set cars in the same class to choose from."
,Recommended,244210,34257036,Posted: 15 August,all,wangye0320,"As a pretty big fan of racing sims I've played a lot of them.  This title stands above the others in my opinion, just make sure your computer can handle it.  Also plays really well with a wheel if you have one."
76561198103447235,Not Recommended,244210,27981330,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,doonie,"States its controller compatible, and it is ♥♥♥♥."
76561198009058453,Recommended,244210,28699992,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Shenmoki,"Among the best looking and sounding simulators on the market. Just be warned that you're really paying for the high amount of support for the game and not for the visuals or physics themselves because frankly, GTR 2, Rfactor, iRacing, Project Cars, they've all got similar handling models with good/better visuals and sounds. It's all preference really, but Assetto Corsa is still a fine choice. Lots o' DLC but don't forget you can download user created cars."
76561198091753609,Recommended,244210,34262734,Posted: 15 August,all,WardogzZ,Simply a god tier Racing simulation
76561198056995059,Recommended,244210,34625600,Posted: 30 August,all,GodsGrace,This is a good driving game. When you add a vr hmd like the vive its a really good driving game. I tip my hat to the team who produced it. its been close to 3 years and it still has some really good replay value.
76561198208015055,Recommended,244210,25678601,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,..SMILER..,Great game. Just got all the dlc and some mod tracks which helps to find a multiplayer race.
76561198382638689,Recommended,244210,34795826,Posted: 7 September,all,abdulkalam961,"The best driving game ever, really enjoyed playing Project CARs at first with my Logitech G29, but Assetto Corsa can be daunting at first because of its realism, took a while to get used to and now it is the only driving game I play."
76561198005148566,Recommended,244210,34774817,Posted: 6 September,all,hentze275,"Really good game, the sounds and feel of the cars is what makes this game for me. Sometimes i enjoy just cruising around in a slow car, with all sorts of cars racing past me, the lambo GT3 sound sends shivers down my spine.The open nature towards modding is also fantastic!"
,Recommended,244210,34806785,Posted: 7 September,all,random people,cheap and lightweight racing simulation games
,Recommended,244210,34766372,Posted: 5 September,all,valyxe,80/100
,Recommended,244210,34658143,Posted: 1 September,all,Alisa,"At the moment, Assetto Corsa is turning into one of my favourite racing sims and honestly? I think it'll remain that way for a while.While the base content is lacking somewhat in tracks, it more than makes up for in modded content and also physics."
76561198375851217,Recommended,244210,34719607,Posted: 3 September,all,NANI?,"Very awesome game, if you love racing simulators! Best way to play is with a steering wheel. but if you dont have a steering wheel you can use controller, it will be diffucult at first but you'll get use to it. overall amazing game!"
76561198185726369,Recommended,244210,34723561,Posted: 3 September,all,lucman,"Great game with good FFB, a big community for mods and lots of online servers. Drifting, setting laptimes on Nürburgring and racing GT3 and GT2 online are the things that made me stick for this game."
,Recommended,244210,34846108,Posted: 9 September,all,emresayrac,"Assetto Corsa-Kütüphanemde beni en fazla kendine bağlayan oyun Assetto Corsa oldu.-Bir yarış oyununa göre çok güzel grafikleri var.-Oyun, direksiyon ile daha bir başka oluyor.-Sunucularda gerçek insanlarla oynamak drift yapmak , yarış yapmak çok zevkli.Eğer direksiyonunuz ve güzel bir bilgisayarınız varsa ve araba tutkunuysanız bu oyun tam size göre."
,Recommended,244210,34848308,Posted: 9 September,all,Ripper_[ICU},Best VR experience
76561198350018558,Recommended,244210,34891159,Posted: 11 September,all,Derrick,really good
76561197999525312,Recommended,244210,35085235,Posted: 20 September,all,gbagaxx,"Hello.Since i got this game i didn't play any other auto sim, although i've tryed all of them.Not the best graphics here, but clearly in my opinion best physics.Hoping weather effects will find a way in this game, this is the only major minus of this game.See ya."
,Recommended,244210,35087416,Posted: 20 September,all,$krrt $krrt,"you need a wheel for the game, if you don't have a wheel don't bother."
,Recommended,244210,35082521,Posted: 20 September,all,Stefanoes,"Best simrace game availeble. Steeringwheel highly recommende for this game, although playeble with a controller. (I first did so myself with an xbox controller). AI is respectable if you don't like to play online or want to learn racing."
,Recommended,244210,33252421,Posted: 4 July,all,PenguinJaimy |,Its a good game. Not the best sim
76561198013211389,Recommended,244210,26067590,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,NGC4415,"patch 1.14The pleasure to drive. Artwork, amazing simulator, car feeling is awesome.FFB + dampers: 10/10 (You will feel everytime the car)Physics: 10/10tire model: 10/10AI: 8/10Online:  8/10Tracks: 8/10 few tracksCars: 9/10 (no GP2, 3, no indy, no LMP2)Weather: no rain and no night mode.Mods: 10/10 full modableNo rolling starts90/100"
76561198142561943,Recommended,244210,35073427,Posted: 19 September,all,PopaManmu,One of the best sim racing games out thereCant go wrong with this purchase unless you are not into hardcore racing
,Recommended,244210,35080117,Posted: 20 September,all,Amputator,"The best racing simulator I've ever encountered.  Further, Kunos continues to support the product and grow the community around it by releasing regular updates which improve the game (not just dlc but engine and physics improvements too).  They have also done a good job by allowing and supporting a thriving mod community.  Not only do I like the game but I also really want to support the company behind it as they seem like good people.  As a rule I hate dlc, but when it comes to this game I always buy every new dlc release and I've never been disappointed.  Highly recommended if you like sim racing (using a wheel of course)."
,Recommended,244210,29171921,Posted: 10 January,all,Madda Fakka,"Driving physics = Amazing best there isGraphics = Great nice and cleanSounds = Great the AE86 actually sounds like an AE86 although the supra not quite as 2j as i would likeTracks = Amazing perfect even you feel everything in the wheelWheel support = Great but requires some proper fine tuning to get right and can take much time if you dont youtube a guide for itMODS so Cars and Tracks that others make you can drive them/drift them/race them. this game is like what 30gb? My folder install size for this game is about 70gb. Some of the tracks are really good. The roads are good and smooth not like project cars where twisty hills feel like blocky roads and your crappy little focus rs keeps skipping all over the place like a kangaroo--------------------------Cons = Bad stuffsToo much PAID DLC CarsNo Weather?No real time cycling so no night time its more like the time changes the longer your drivingNight time mod = no headlightsToo many variations of one car and not so many unique different ones, like you need to buy the dlc for more different cars and stuff however they did give us a couple cars for free, i can't remember which ones they was im just a drift nut.Wish the formula racing was more like F1 and stuffs.Controller support = Awful it really is, its a mess and a nightmare and also if i plug in my wheel with my xbox controller left plugged in my wheel settings for the wheel no longer work it flips out and bugs out the whole game. Its a mess and frustratingYES YOU SHOULD BUY IT IF YOU LOVE DRIVING GAMES THIS IS THE BEST CAR HANDLING SINCE rFactor. It really is that good. You feel everything in the wheel and you know how your car will react. It doesn't feel over the top or like it is put in noob mode.Word of Warning Keep SOME traction control on unless your drifting even if its 10% and keep the settings at FACTORY. Turning of all assists is only good for drifting complete off will just ♥♥♥♥ with the rest of the cars so you want them at factory because factory setting is the more how its supposed to feel like.Just do it. It does work ok with a controller if you can get it set up good but it is best on a reasonably decent wheel and pedal set. Once you play this with wheel and pedals you will feel the beautiful perfection of the handling model. It seriously is good. Nothing feels this good. Nothing..Project Cars has flashy graphis, Decent car sounds (some are better), tunnel sounds (Which are nice), a nice car choice but yea too many variation/skins of one carThis has the handling. Project cars just looks better and in some cases sounds better but this one runs better on the pc, and the driving is so much better"
,Recommended,244210,35069639,Posted: 19 September,all,Julius X,"Assetto Corsa is a great racing sim.  I purchased it when it was in early access, and have been amazed that the game has seen continuous improvement well past exiting early access.  Where other titles out there stopped development and moved on to a sequel, Kunos continues to develop Assetto Corsa.   Pick your favorite car, then your favorite track, and you can be there in an instant.  If you have  a VR headset, well Assetto Corsa can really take you there then."
,Recommended,244210,35074749,Posted: 19 September,all,Cosmicality,this game is great. but i personally dont enjoy playing online as it impossible without a steering wheel i struggle even with a gamepad. maybe its just me but i expected an easy game as ive been playing these styles of games for ages. but go buy it if you arnt a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ driver aor esle youl end up playing by yourself all the time
,Recommended,244210,35074698,Posted: 19 September,all,Azy,"Good Graphics 8/10Physics 5/10 the car stop at 2/1kmh instantly, really weird comparing to lfs physcis while the car is rolling slowly. and the assists pedals on brake/throttle and no clutch control (on keyboards im using mouse accelerated speed to control) is so terrible af.Anyway I like this sim cuz the cars interior and exterior is just so detail.PLease PLEASE make assists on pedals switchable and make clutch button and FIX THE PHYSICS (the car stop at 2/1kmh instantly no slow rolling just stop , which is annoying..)FIX ITI still recommend this game cuz i get it less price and the car detail and mods are awesome."
,Recommended,244210,35172675,Posted: 23 September,all,MiRaXiN,"Love the multiplayer gameplay on AC, Definitely the best out of all Racing games, would be interesting to add a car customisation feature along with modifying, slightly like FH3, but less arcadish. Nonetheless 100% a great game/simulator to play if you're looking for something to play with friends or wanting to play different sorts of motorsport such as gt3, drifting and so on. If you want an even better experience, PLAY WITH A WHEEL."
76561198017436445,Not Recommended,244210,29292701,Posted: 16 January,all,blighsbounty1,Ok could be better rip you off on dlc  no where as good as Project Cars
,Recommended,244210,35173495,Posted: 24 September,all,Anrkan,"Need a steering wheel for this game to feel the max level of sim. driving and also♥♥♥♥♥on the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥steering wheel, too damn good. ♥♥♥♥ yea"
,Recommended,244210,24154493,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,rocket,"YUP :/- bought the game off summer sale and downloaded it- booted up game for first time.- went straight to multiplayer.- joined a server with no practice at all- got blacklisted from server for driving bad and drifting all over the place, interupting and ruining street formationUsing keyboard is a bad idea btw, controller or a steering wheel is recommended when playing this game.11/10 would get blacklisted againEDIT 24.09.2017: REMOVED THE GAME FROM STEAM, never ever going to play or buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥again lol"
76561198034356569,Recommended,244210,35184737,Posted: 24 September,all,Razboinik,"One of the best racing sims out there.Pros:- Realistic- Fine tuning your car- Decent graphics- Very little server lag and cars stay where they should be- Did I mention it's realistic?Cons:- Needs more car/track selection- The developers have no idea how penalties in real racing works and thus many races get ruined. For example, you spend half an hour on qualifying, you start the race, get bumped off track by someone who doesnt brake, and then recieve a penalty for leaving the course!  They also do not undersand how corner cutting works and how administering penalites works.- No modifications/upgrades for carsDespite my gripes, I love this game/simulator"
,Recommended,244210,13561346,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Air Knight,amazing game
,Recommended,244210,29470854,Posted: 24 January,all,Konno Yuuki ♥,Controller play is way too hard and sometimes i can't see the online game servers... get a steering wheel to play its way too recommended over controller
,Recommended,244210,35273348,Posted: 28 September,all,RocketQueen88,"A game, which every car guy should own. It's still the closest thing to real (race)car driving. You can do motorsport racing it it, the GT3 class is very well covered and great fun in MP. But to me it's more a study sim than a game, where you hotlap or free drive a car you want to try. That's where most of my time was spent in this game. Driving, testing, setups, open world cruising in single player was never boring, each car is really great to drive, physics and FFB makes the experience very intuitive and you start to feel like a pro car reviewer.With the Porsche DLC, all the biggest car brands and car models are included, track selection is also big enough and you can always expand it with modded tracks, which are really good.It's also a great learning tool for car control and track learning. It's one of the best VR games, if you have a cockpit with a wheel.I can't really find any flaws with it. The game has been polished over the years, MP is stable and runs great, FFB is the best, great sound, graphics in not demanding, but still looks very good. Can't say much for AI, since everything was either practice or MP. I would encourage everybody, to jump into MP racing as soon as possible."
,Recommended,244210,35288403,Posted: 29 September,all,idl0r,.
,Recommended,244210,35287410,Posted: 29 September,all,Buford T. Justice,"Assetto Corsa is a great racing sim with many features that i love and some i don't really care for, here is what i think of the game as it stands 29/09/2017.The selection of cars available is pretty good with some absolutely fantastic cars that i love to drive such as the FD RX7, Ferrari F40 and the Lotus 2 Eleven. The tracks are beautifully laser scanned and accurate (My favorite being the Nordschleife), The scenery is lush , the graphics are awesome and the game even supports ultrawide (2560x1080) monitors natively. The Physics system is realistic and the force feedback lets you know what's happening as you are on the cusp of traction around a corner or as the weight lifts of the car over a crest and the rear end gets light.Some of the not so good features i feel are that the career mode is lacking (Maybe because i liked Gran turismos race for money system), I can't assign some buttons on my button box in-game (So i have to use Joytokey), I can't have two keys assigned for the same thing ( Example: My sequential Gearstick and Paddle shifter can't be assigned at once). The online experience is ok but there are not always races on, the Trackday and Drift servers seem to always have somthing going on though.As for modding, i have little experience with it but from what i have done and seen the modding community is quite active and there are some ripper mods that i love such as the Longford67 mod that revives the old track in Tasmainia and the UI apps that can give you any information you need on-screen and they are highly customisable.A couple of things i think would add to the game positively are more tracks (Two i would love to see are LeMans and Bathurst) and an Aussie car pack (V8 Supercars and maybe Some classic cars Falcon GT / Holden Monaro) But i know the Aussie stuff is probably hard to do logistics wise as the devolpers are based in Italy.Overall the experience has been awesome i love this game to bits and i think the asking price is worth it, The problems i have had with the game are minimal and easily fixed so far and the system requirements are relatively low.I have purchased every DLC and will purchase more as they come out to support the developers.My Specs:- Dell Optiplex 990 (i5 2400 - 16GB RAM - GTX 1050 LP - SSD Storage)- LG 29UM67-P 29"" Ultrawide 2560x1080 60Hz Monitor- Logitech Driving Force GT / 14 Button Custom Button box"
76561198411621802,Recommended,244210,35383572,Posted: 1 October,all,Dustyearlobe,"I havnot played much yet ,so not going to give poor review in fact only want to say in first test of this in vr some corners 30mph sliding of track ,compleat loss of traction to the front?will review proper once played more"
76561198362011924,Recommended,244210,35382408,Posted: 1 October,all,andy20v,"Fantastic! Very challenging with a steep learning curve, a huge selection of cars and tracks topped off with some serious realism. Love it!"
,Recommended,244210,35423272,Posted: 2 October,all,Zero.SlowMo,"A very well balanced and good developed sim! The freedom of adding tons of mods (cars,tracks,apps...) for free is just amazing and makes it grow and grow each day. After initially having some FPS issues and then optimizing through the Gforce Panel (high settings, aa x4, asf x8, no PP effects, reflections un medium, smoke gen. on low, 1920x1080 on a i7, gtx650m, 265gb ssd, 16gb ram) i get constant 80-100 fps. Playing with a g27 -great FFB!I got a bunch of screenshots on my profile to checkout ingame quality (taken with f12 - steam capture, unedited)+Handling & Physics+Graphics + Sound - The detailed interiors of most of the cars are tremendous! The sound of cars like the BMW's, Skyline R34 GTR and so on are just sweet af!+Lots of free modifications (cars,tracks,apps)+Never had any problems playing online - people were respectful to each other-When playing online, servers have a limited number of each vehicle to choose, mostly 2-4 cars of the allowed models, so if theyre taken you wont be able to take them. This can suck from time to time if some people are jsut afk blocking the cars."
76561198062178291,Recommended,244210,35067191,Posted: 19 September,all,merlin59,"I just recently picked Assetto Corsa up when it was on sale. I also picked up all the DLC for it as well. I am amazed at the graphics. They are awesome. The driving physics are spot on as well. The FFB is great. Actually pretty much everything is great. The only downside and it's not bad just not my thing is the career mode. It's just so-so to me. Again not bad just not what I like. What I like the most since I mostly play offline is the custom championship maker. Easy to set up a series and you can even pick each individual car you want to appear. As a long time Race Room Experience player I very much like that feature and wish RRE would get it as well. As to which game is better someone else will have to tell you because I don't mind being able to play both. They both have great features and some that needs work. If you are on the fence I would recommend Assetto Corsa completely. It's beyond good, really."
,Recommended,244210,35319030,Posted: 29 September,all,Schmug,The standard from which all else is measured10/10
,Recommended,244210,35314489,Posted: 29 September,all,fox,Yes
76561198024000710,Recommended,244210,35458284,Posted: 3 October,all,Val Hoggard,"I have an issue with my Assetto Corsa that I need help with. I had everything working great; bought the 70th Anniversary pack and after installing, went in to try it out. To my dismay, the driver view was locked to the dash and my TrackIR 5.4 no longer worked. I tried checking integrity of files, took out the Assetto documents folder and restarted game; I finally got the view unlocked but now my sim will not load past the venue select UI. It will try to load the car and track but will not. It just takes me back to the UI where you select car and track. I have tried resolution changes and made sure that I was on a valid resolution; everything I have tried has failed. I need help please."
76561198153067636,Recommended,244210,35498646,Posted: 5 October,all,XD DAB XD WHIP,Great Game
76561198133006296,Recommended,244210,35497230,Posted: 5 October,all,Stefansky.,Best driving simulator 10/10
76561198258096014,Recommended,244210,35495485,Posted: 5 October,all,Lars_Geurts,"Everything works amazing in singeplayer, nice graphics, nice handling everything is ok!!!\BUT.....Multiplayer is a huge problem in my oppinion, first of all, why isnt there an option for a private server. Now if i want to race with a friend of mine, i need to search true a whole bunch of servers....When we find a server most of the time it doesnt work..... SO FIX YOURE PROBLEMS"
,Recommended,244210,35479143,Posted: 4 October,all,DoraTheShooter,"Even having poor UI and Menus, the simulation the game provides is outstanding. Kunos have now the golden chance to improve their full package, as now Project Cars 2 has released. One bad thing is that their DLCs are quite expensive. Secondly, don't play this game without a Steering Wheel."
