user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198060877748,Recommended,244450,32302454,Posted: 9 June,all,Maximus,"I was supposed to take part in an important counter attack...I spammed the infantry button until i had roughly 150+ men...I sent them towards a well entrenched capture point to get slaughtered until the enemy ran out of bullets.The game called me a ""Tactical Genius""10/10 would fight for mother russia again"
76561198082701470,Not Recommended,244450,9993249,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,The Lizard King,"When I bought the deluxe edition for AS-2, I was paying more not only because I loved the previous games in the franchise, but because I loved what potential AS-1 had presented us with, especially considering the many great mods avalible for the original.  But more than that, I was buying the sequel to one of my favorite games of all time.Needless to say, I haven't been impressed.  In fact, my experience with AS2 has been beyond disappointment.  Given the time from the early beta stage to now, and including the push-back of the release date multiple times, I've found that this game has not only been a waste in terms of what potential it had, but you are literally paying for a $34.00 overhaul patch by buying this game.The biggest improvements since AS-1 have been:1.  Multiplayer, which lags often, and depends on who is better at storming a place with infantry and light vehicles.  Tanks are, very rarely fielded.  The gameplay is repetitive, and balance issues come and go.2.  The Super-Pershing and a few tank models.  Yeah, they look a little more ""smooth,"" but then you can take a peek at everything else.  Everything else is literally recycled from the previous game.3.  Multi-core support.  I haven't noticed a difference.The things I'd thought I was going to see:1.  A little bit of variety in the infantry.  Yeah, they don't even have new models or textures.  It's the exact same thing from the previous title, rehashed a bit for a few more ""Breeds,"" which you can make by simply opening the editor and reassigning a few traits, weapons, and items.  There are a few more voices thrown in for the American and English soldiers, but there is still plentiful cut-and-paste from the previous game.  Oh, and the voice acting is horrific for the most-part.2.  Better textures.  The dirt looks beautiful.  A few tanks look better.  But, for everything else, it all is recycled from the last game.  The buildings aren't different.  The uniforms aren't different.  The mass majority of vehicles aren't different.3.  Better gameplay.  Yeah, no.  In fact,they took away the feature where you could unload your guns.The AI is a little more ""Cover-seeking,"" so they are no longer inherently stupid.  However, you still have to pack up millions of bullets so they can fend for themselves without running dry.4.  Differences between faction weapons.  I'll admit, I was expecting more realistic performance out of the guns for each faction.  But, all rifles are pretty much the same, the Thompson isn't much different from an MP-40, the Grease-Gun is treated like a 9-mm, and overall, you're just going to go for an MG-42 if you want rate of fire; the browning if you want less reloading; or the BAR/FG-42 if you want less unloading.  There isn't much of an accuracy or damage difference.  Line up soldiers with every faction's rifle; they fire and reload at the exact, same times, with the exception of the enfield rifleman.  There should be a difference.  The action on a Mosin is completely different from a 98' or a Springfield.5.  Models and textures.  Yeah, about 10 vehicles look better.  But the mass majority of the others still look copy/paste.  If I wanted to copy/paste vehicles, I'd make a mod for that.Can I say I recommend this game?  No.  For $34.00, hell no.  It's nowhere near being worth that kind of money, and I'm losing to faith to tell myself that ""yeah, it'll improve as they get closer to the full release.""  It's been in Early Access for quite some time now.  Before that, there was beta.  They have had the time to improve the game.  Yet, I have only seen them trying to get it into a playable state every few weeks, while leaving us high and dry in every other aspect.  Maybe if it were $10.00 DLC for AS1, it'd be worth it.  But as a standalone game, let alone a Sequel, it's not just a cheap re-release with nothing new to offer, but it's a complete waste of money.I've already learned from one other game that pulled the same ""Beta limited-content"" trick.  ArmA 3.  Overall, that game was a complete disappointment.  There was very little content added into the beta, there was very little content added into the main game, and countless patches treated the post-final release like it was (and still is) in the early-access stage.  AS2 is mirroring this tactic, and foreshadows disappointment.I have a feeling they're going to just decide to ""leave it to the modders,"" as ArmA 3 did, and while mods are often well done, they are not only far from uniform in quality and not designed by a common party, but that's a cheap way of copping-out of extensive work.  Work that this game seriously needs if it is to hold the number ""2"" after Assault Squad.A better name for this would be ""Assault Squad: MEGAPATCH.""  If you feel like disagreeing, then pull up the AS1 editor and the AS2 editor.  Put down one of every model.  Test the game, see what happens; you'll learn that I'm right, because this is exactly how I tested it.  I'm not making these claims without evidence.  There is no difference between these games except for the mulitplayer.Do keep in mind; this review is for a $34.00 product.  It is intended to reflect and aid you, the viewer, in determining whether or not you will""get what you pay for.""The answer to that is no,""No, you won't.""I SINCERELY HOPE THAT THE FINAL RELEASE PROVES MY FEARS TO BE WRONG, AND RENDERS THIS REVIEW TO BE OUTDATED.  SHOULD THAT BE THE CASE, I WILL GLADLY CHANGE MY REVIEW AND HIGHLY RECOMMEND THE GAME.  SHOULD MY FEAR THAT THIS GAME OFFERS NO ""CHANGE"" WORTHY OF A SEQUEL BE CONFIRMED AT FINAL RELEASE, I WILL NO LONGER DO BUSINESS WITH DIGITAL-MIND-SOFT.Do know; I won't be alone in that regard.[July 19, 2014] UPDATE!Ok; so since the game's release, there has been little to nothing improved upon since I had written this review.  The ""priority"" for the team has only been multiplayer.  There has been no increase in content.  There has been no more bang for the buck.  Digital-Mind-Soft has charged their community for a mere patch, and has done nothing to back the quality of the game except tamper with multiplayer mechanics, and not even to the extent that significantly alters gameplay in any way.Do you have money to waste, and want to support a dishonest development project?  Then don't spend money.  Please.Stop giving companies the motivation to screw over their customers and to default on their promises.  It's been months, and there aren't even any new ""Humanskins"" in the game.  Let me say right now:  It takes 10 MINUTES OR LESS TO CREATE A NEW ""SKIN"" USINGPAINT.NET.With the time they've taken to add ""boards"" to Multiplayer, I could have created the entire Italian Army with a modeling program; sadly, that's 3DS-MAX, a program that the 2014 edition of, costs upwards of $3,400 to own.[August 26 2014] UPDATE!Playing through the editor a bit, one of the first things I checked were the models.  What can I say about them?  Three new models; all Crusader Tanks.  The model has been significantly improved, with the Crusader looking more streamlined and smooth than before.  It looks good.  Not only that, but there are 2 more Crusaders; a 40mm Anti-Air crusader, and a 20mm Anti-Air crusader.  These, too, look good.  But nonetheless, Japanese vehicles still look as though they are made out of cardboard, and there haven't been any other model updates added.Most importantly, the soldiers still have the same skins as in the previous title; the lack of effort in this category is appaling.  Do bare in mind; Assault Squad was a 2009 game.This means that the soldier's skins are5Years old.You can learn to create professional 3D models in half that time.  Given that this much time has progressed, one would and should expect more from a company charging full-price for a ""patchwork"" game."
76561198027396571,Recommended,244450,8762857,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Gunner19487,"Since I have been lucky enough to acquire early acess to the Beta of it and have logged over 200 hours on the 1st Assault Squad I figure ive earned some right to comment on this upcoming release. I have to say that I am having very few graphical issues, only one instance where i can remember a serious shader error but it was easily fixed by minimizing the game and re opening it. The graphics do look very nice and there are several small details i appreciate like the ejecting shell and the smoke from the breech of the cannon and other small things that added to the whole. The gameplay is just as good as the first Assault Squad and ive played 3 matches so far and 2 of them had good frame rates and all while one was bad but hey 2:3 isnt to bad especially for pre-release. There is still the fun 3rd person mode and all the other things that make men of war the amazing RTS it is. I would certinly reccomend this game to any fan of the men of war series and really to anyone who enjoys RTS's or stratagy games in general."
,Not Recommended,244450,12499681,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,wildbillhdmax01,"Men of war Assault squad 2 is the sequel to the well received Assault Squad. Even with this being a sequel there are still major and blatant problems with this game.1st. Lack of new content.The 1st problem with this game is that there isn't very much new content. For being a sequel you would think there would be. It's more of an over all update to the 1st game. The only thing that the 2nd game added is an updated a game with better optimization, better UI, graphics, sound, and Steam features. There is 15 ""New"" single player ""skirmishes"", plus 25 reworked old ones from the original Assault Squad. Making 40 single player missions. Which isn't very much, especially being 25 old one. Which let me remind you that is ""3"", ""3"" new Missions for each Nations.Most of the new content that is been added as been added in patches. That were a lot of its coming from. Like health bar, skins, models, sounds, Units and new voices.2nd. AIOne of the thing you will ran across it the Stupid AI both on the enemies side and your Units. You will be doing a lot of micromanagement, do to the stupidity of your units. A good example would be your medics not picking up your dead men unless told to do so! It's not uncommon to get focus on one part of the battlefield only to come back and see 4-5 men on the ground and your medic sitting there. Making you to manually to him to get each one.Amour showing their♥♥♥♥♥and side to the enemy or just refusing to turn their front to the enemy. If you know anything about tanks or amour, you would know that the thickest amour is in the front. Well someone didn't tell your troops. Because 1 too many time have I had to take over control of a tank or Amour car and position it the right way.Sniper will sit there a lot even though they have clear shot on enemy troops. So many times I've had to click on enemy troops to get my snipers to pick off targets.AT (Anti Tank) troops will ran across an open battlefield to shot a tank point blank range. When  I've be able to take control and do from half of the Range. I've literally watch Panzerschreck troops ran straight to a tank and get killed, and if that is no enough a lot of the times, they will just stare at it from a far while it kills all his comrades! Even better is when they're right next to it, get killed, and didn't even fire a shot.With this Friendly and enemy troops won't even fire at one another even when theres a tank troop right on the other side of the dead tank. They will both sit there.Enemy troops will hide and sit there when to many casualties are taken, instead of running, and regrouping. You are now force to ran to the 1 or 2 enemy solders and completely annihilate them with a full squad. If not? You can ignore them and continue your advance to the next objective!So let me set this up for you.The enemy is pushing on one side of the map hard, with Infantry, Tanks, and an armored car. You get caught up in this side of the map tiring to stop this advance. You are slugging it out knocking out tanks and shooting down Infantry, making sure your troops are fighting right, and micromanagement them so do not lose this side of the battlefield. Making sure your Panzerschreck troops are firing (Or even just taking control your self...) medics are get the dying up, and that your troops are picking the right targets.Only to win that fight, go to look at the other side of the battlefield and see that your man have been annihilate because your medic didn't pick up the dead, your AT troops sat there, etc...This is a very small list of some the stupid this that the AI does. I could go on picking out all the stupid drown right unbelievable things the AI will do. You literally need to micromanagement most if not all your troops.3rd. A lack of total content.Lest be honest here. It is not skirmish, these are single player Missions/campaigns. If you played a RTS before you most likely played one with a skirmish mode which is AI vs you and Ally AI on a map with some object or just to kill the other side.This is a major problem do to the fact that those 40 missions get old fast. Since 1st 25 of then are old one from AS1, 2nd after you complete them there isn't any thing to do after but to replay them over and over again. And most of the missions are just a Assault on key objective over and over again just on a different map. Some of the New missions are defensive mission or Sniper missions.If you wanted new content you're ♥♥♥♥ed. There is 2 way to go. Go to the work shop and download user made missions or learn to use the Editor. Which is ridiculous!1st The editor isn't easy enough for the average player to make new content for themselves. It isn't easy enough to even to make simple battles, let a lone missions. There isn't any Tutorials to help you except for one guy on YouTube, but he doesn't tell enough for how to make a mission or even a good battle. All these Epic battles on YouTube are just some guy placing random Units on each side, and having then ball up in  an orgy in middle of the map and just kill. As if they weren't even train as soldiers. Taking no cover, nothing just kill, kill, kill.I hear from the New patch that just came out, that DLC is on the way which in true is another sad joke, because now they're going to sell you new content that should of been in the game in the 1st place. IMHO they need to make a FREE DLC, that adds 10 new missions for each faction, then I can walk a way content. Because even with that, that still wouldn't be enough for a game that $35. Do to the fact that it has very low replay value. In my honest opinion they really should of been 25- 30 new mission and the 25 old ones as Thank you to the fans. Then I could of walk away happy, but still disappointed in no Real skirmish mode.When it comes to the DLC, most likely it will be a couple of new missions, and a Couple of new multiplayer maps. Which should of been in the in the 1st place. 5 missions for $5 which is a such a bad joke it's unbelievable. What they need to do is Add new Nations, with Missions and New units equipment, etc. Like Italy, which was talked about on the Steam Community Hub forums, and is a great Idea. Why not do a Axis minors pack with Hungary and Romania , or even a Allies Minor pack? Poland would be a Great one too, or even France. With this then you can do Missions pack with 20-30 or so missions. Or even just expansion to the already existing nations, with New units, equipment, missions, etc.With all of this, It seems like this game was made for multiplayer, yet the multiplayer is dead. Yet It was the same way with AS1. The most I've seen is about 8-10 lobbies at prime times. Even if you were to play multiplayer, you would most likely get your♥♥♥♥♥kick by a veteran of the games Anyway.4th. The verdictThe problem is that they made this really great RTS, (one of the best I've played) but doesn't have any content in it. Out of all the RTS games I've played, this one has the lest amount of content. And I've played them all, I've played Command & Conquer, Age of Empires, Company of Heroes, Empire Earth, Total War, Star Wars Empire At War, Dawn of War, World In Conflict, StarCraft, and many more I can't think of right now.The Biggest problem is that I feel that they just made the tools for you make your own content. As if they made AI, the Units, UI, etc, and just sold you the tools to make your own game, and made a some missions as examples.Would I recommend this game? I would say No. Because even though it's a great game, with the lack of content and the Good but over just an update to the 1st AS there isn't much here. It being 6 month since release, they could still save this game, with a FREE DLC Mission pack, ( With more then just 1 missions for each Nations!!!!) and some new Nations DLCs. But the big problem will still be the replay value, do to no real skirmish mode."
76561198087217980,Recommended,244450,12839643,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Blokey,"you see Ivan, you published same game twice you have twice Rubles"
,Recommended,244450,12646925,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Galactor's Meme Bean Machine,"It is only when you watch one GI in a jeep stare at another, it's metalwork pinging from the sounds of .50 cals, the engine block busted and on fire, the jeep itself totally surrounded by German soldiers, only for seconds later both of them to casually get out of the jeep, on fire, and run screaming from it into the street only to fall dead on the sidewalk that you will realize that this game is possibly the most insane piece of programming ever put to sale.You will also realize however that its god damn brillant."
,Recommended,244450,32040635,Posted: 29 May,all,salsa367,I played this game through the Soviet campain in about 50 hours. Then I saw a Dplexheated video...Well I might have fallen in love with the editor and played for another 100 hours. And then I found mods...suddenly I have 720 hours on it and feel like it was one of the absolute best games ever.10/10 would invade Russia again.
76561198004538559,Recommended,244450,12592189,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Daonest[ST],"While the difference in this game compared to The previous assault squad is minimal, there are a few key differences that does improve the game. The graphics and animations have been slightly improved along with a few minor unit improvements.The one big reason I purchased this game is due to the fact that there is now the steam workshop added for the game, there are a lot of decent mods and maps/missions that make the game enjoyable if you dont fancy multiplayer. I cant comment too much on multiplayer as I never got into it.Overall though the game can be enjoyable if you liked previous verisons of the game or are a fan of RTS WW2 games."
76561198021676192,Not Recommended,244450,17125445,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Winterwolf,"After a year I think it's time for me to write a review about this game, what to say really? how the mighty have fallen one could say from the excellent Assault Squad 1 in 2011 to this.I'm just gonna list the changes that weren't in AS1 and the things left unresolved.Pros:-Steam integration and Steam workshop-New player logs and info tracking-New skirmishes and new types of skirmish-Camo changes according to the season of the battle is taking place in-8-10 new online maps-Auto ammo resupplyCons and this is gonna be a long list:-Horrible optimization and performance issues-Bollocked up netcode-If there's one player with a bad PC everyone lags-AI still bollocked up-New multiplayer maps are half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥unfit for competitive play-Terrible voice acting-Paid for replay and bots DLC-No actual gameplay improvement or changes from AS1-One new unit for UK and Germany-Rehashed maps from AS1-No R6 map pack integration-Suffered from a prolonged period of OOS that made the game broken and unplayable online and still don't know if it's truly resolved?-Extreme Assault Zones-Needless ""units locked by level""-Decreased gun ranges-Did I say lag? well it should be here twice-Balancing issues-Some units are useless-Infantry models still look the sameThe developers actions against the community in the past few days were the last straw for me, banning on the forums for speaking or complaining against the game, censoring my friend strat's preview videos of Call to Arms.I had faith and patience in this studio but I lost both, and no longer looking forward for any new releases by them, Assault Squad 1 was the big dog's biscuit, I had over 1k hours of gameplay on steam and over 1.5k on gameranger.Truly breaks my heart to see its sequel in this state like there were no love or effort put into its creation."
,Not Recommended,244450,10429273,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Ultimaratio,"Edit #2: Review update: 05/29/2015Sadly no improvment for this game: OOS (out of sync) since the last major update alongside with constant freezes in MP which DMS can not fix resulted in a more or less complet dead game. Most players have already shelfved it or moved over to BoE although it has the old MoW look but at leas ti runs smooth.Edit: Review update: 11/19/2014More than half a year later DMS managed somehow to improve the performance marginally. 2vs2 is now possible but with more players you still face lag and drops. 4vs4 is still unplayable and the long time ago promised 8vs8 has never been delivered. Gameplaywise it is the still the same arcadish spam and clickfest on tiny maps  although the dedicated community has made a lot of suggestions how to improve it at least a bit. So far DMS decided not to listen to the community and treat the rest of its loyal fan base with ignorance. Slightest critisism result in bans and locked threads. Rumors say DMS treats its employees in a similar way, would at least explain why they fail to fix their game. DMS also has decided to sell the replay feature as paied DLC as it is ""new"" for them while it is for  other games an included  basic feature. So far  all arguments form the old review are sadly still vaild.If you really look for a WW 2 themed game, grap CoH. It runs better , it looks better and it is just a bit more arcadish than AS 2. If you look for a realistic WW 2 go for Graviteam Tactics or the good old Blitzkrieg. In the end AS 2 is not even worth the 5 bugs when it is on sale especially with DMS's questionable behaviour._______________________________________________________________________________-Review 6/11/2014As a long time player and supporter of DMS and the Mow series, I sadly have to say that  AS 2 is a big fail at its current state. The game has a lots of serious issues and it looks like  that DMS is not willing to fix their game or they  just can not.It seems AS 2 is more  a desperate attempt by DMS to grap some players form its rivial COH  and milk a bit the small loyal players with the result that the series was dumped down pretty hard.AS 2 is in general a  copie of AS 1(same units same models) with  the diffrence that AS 1 works. The game engine has been updated so the game looks a bit more polished than AS 1 but now  it tends to lag as hell. Currently it is not even  possible to play 2vs2 lag free or without freezes. Matches with higher playercount (4vs4 max!) are more or less impossible as the players drop like flies due to heavy lag caused by the poor net code and/or engine.Besides the technical issues the gameplay suffers also a lot from some designe decisions. In AS 1 it was possible to have a nice tank fight or the chance to flank your enemy. This does not work in AS 2 due to tiny maps and ridiculus ranges for tanks. The current gameplay is only focused on spamming wave after wave of infantry. Tanks or emplacements like at guns are not really needed. The entire gameplay feels artificially  pressed in tiny maps  to create a CoH feeling. In additon DMS has also forgotten or did not want to fix existing problems like the strange pathfinding of  the units or the overcomplicated resupply system.DMS has also introduced an unlock system for new players to getting them used to the units . Sadly this creates more fustration as locked units for all factions seem to have been picked randomly and creates very unfair games especially in matchmaking. But in general this  does not matter as the Matchmaking system does not work properly as well. Tutorials, or a real Skirmish (not the repetitiv SP Missions which they call Skirmish) would have been more helpful for newcomers as the game still explains nothing. It is even hard to say how many people play the game as there is no lobby anymore, only the steamchat which is pretty empty. Also the server browser is bugged as it only shows max 50 servers, most of them skirmish servers so not sure how many try to play MP.DMS had a lot of time to get their act together. Closed beta for CtA backers (what i did), open beta, delay of the release as the game did not run but was surprisingly  ready for preordering, another dealy of the release and the unannouced move to Early Access without any compensation and several post release patches  should have been enough time to create a game  which offers a kind of enjoyment. The only good thing is the steamworkshop where really dedicated and talented modders can present their creations.As for now the game can not be recommanded, even it would be on a steam sale."
,Recommended,244450,30591846,Posted: 18 March,all,darkchapy3,"buy it on sale and play singleplayer. once you get bored skip multiplayer if you have no friends who have the game then go to the editor where you can build large scale battles, maps and even missions. or get impatient like me and place five guys on each side and watch em' fight."
,Not Recommended,244450,16511656,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Pumpkin Spice Wo,"Edit, while the out of sync error has been corrected, I still feel the game is too lacking to deserve a positive review.I'm an avid fan of the Men of War series, Assault Squad 1 being my most played, I feel I've gotten my worth of single player content out of it but when it comes to multiplayer, it simply does not cut it, the ""Out of Sync"" error has been going on for far too long and for this, I cannot recommend it until it is fixed.Unless you plan of doing single player only. (Trust me, there's plenty of mods and missions to make it worth it in at least that regard.)Another thing that should be mentioned is the missions are pretty much copies of each other, for the most part, the mission concept is the same for all nations."
76561198128459858,Recommended,244450,17626735,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Uwo,"More than 1000 hours! That should be enough as a proof of Love.Pro: very many ways in the editor. Yes builds itself your own small or large Scenario.With the right mods you have a huge selection of Units: for example: Hungary, Romania, Italy, etc.Plays orginal faithful models of Tanks.Uniforms, Faces, Names, Weapons , Sounds, Textures  and Inventory and more can be adapted to your own choice.Make your own maps / mods and upload them.The community is great and nice. People here like to present you answer every question.The Workshop will provide you a lot of material like: maps, mods, unitsNegative: It eats my life. The Woman screams and wants more time with me. Map/Mission Projecte can end in a lot of work and time.Check it out yourself in! I highly recommend it !!!"
76561197970388715,Not Recommended,244450,15826597,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,THE BROWN EYED K!NG,"Would be one of the best WW2 RTS games ever created. BUT.....there is a known, unfixable (so far) fault,a fault since release last year,a fault that has taken nearly 12 months to still not fix,a fault that the dev/devs claim to be working on,a fault that crashes multiplayer games,a fault that they did not bother to fix as they were busy creating DLC to get more money,About 50% of games (or more) will crash after a random amount of time.They say to switch off Steam Overlay, we did, it makes no difference. Plus why should we switch off Steam Overlay, I thought it was a requirement for a Steam game to be compatible with Steam overlay.They said not to play with any mods, We did, we removed all mods, it still crashes.This is not just me, please google 'Men of War Assault Squad 2 Out of Sync errors' and see the rage for yourself.Do not bother buying unless you like wasting 2 hours of your life at a time just to get a frozen screen or error and crash. Game in it's current state is not worth playing even if it was free."
76561198088168389,Recommended,244450,29385098,Posted: 20 January,all,Sargeant Rock,"I have been a Assualt Squad junkie since the day the newborn child was bought from you. I cannot guess how many hours I have played as well as my older son who kicks my butt every time.However, I have the Modern AS, but Men of War is by far my favorite and most peoples from what I see in the forum.Wouldnt it be prudent to constanly release updated missions for this game, like every quarter or something? I know I would buy them all and am sure most of your dedicated followers would too.However I again cannot thank you for this unbelievable experience you created that has thrilled me all these many years.Cheers, Tom."
,Recommended,244450,23074925,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Crawford,">be me>Playing as the glorious soviet union>in assualt zones 3v3 agianst the fascist invaders>game is locked in  epic stalemate over the middle position>soviet high command deems it vital to the war effort>send light recon unit (10-15) red gaurd to identify ememy AT postion>recon team never returns......>the attack comences any how, armor and infantry march upon the enemy>i watch hopelessly as my men are gunned down by MG42s>no survivors from my attacking force>one of team mates sounded retreat before total victory or death.....>not one step back.jpg.....>procede to slaughter entire retreating friendly force as they are traitors to the cause>team mate procedes to question my right to kill his men>i say he should watch his tounge or he'd be sharing potatoe to wipe his♥♥♥♥♥in middle of siberia>take command of front and order charge of all assets>around 130 men and 5 tanks  (for the motherland charge from everyone as well as partisans)>they overrun enemy....... 95% casualties>we win the match with little enemy ressistance from that point>stats: kills 68 inf 7 tanks>losses: 141 infantry 12 tanks (for me alone) 401 dead to their 110>MFW decisive soviet victory declared19/42 would play defend the motherland simulator again"
,Not Recommended,244450,16509591,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Jenilya,"Good game, but poor development team.Another one of those games that seems to fall behind the category of potential ruined by a developer. These guys are very loose in their communication, and their responses on their forums tend to be unprofessional and hostile towards criticism. There appears to be no plan, and they just sort of wing whatever they want into the game. Which is unfortunate, because this is actually an entertaining RTS game.The straw that broke the camel's back for me was they put AI (bots) for multiplayer skirmishes behind a paywall DLC. That is absolutely absurd, and I believe goes on record as the first RTS game to EVER do that in the history of RTS games. AI skirmishes is something that practically every RTS game offers, I mean Starcraft 1 and the first Command & Conquer had AI skirmishes in the base game. This game did not, and then they finally add it, BEHIND a paywall. Absolutely absurd.An official developer's response on the matter:""if you do not want it don't buy it.""Well firstly Mr Smarty Pants, I do want it; good job reading the OP's post, because we are ticked because we do want it, and you decided to paywall a basic feature. However I won't buy it with that unprofessional attitude. Since my money isn't something you seem to want, then I will keep it to invest in a better product. I am going to say that I am pretty appalled by this move, this is honestly the first RTS I seen put AI skirmishes behind a paywall. You should really be ashamed of yourselves.What is gaming coming to when basic features are put behind paywalls? What next, will I have to pay for access to graphics options too? If they decide to rectify this then I will flop this review, otherwise no.Sorry MoW, I like this series, but this just blew your standing with me and a lot of others."
,Not Recommended,244450,16098596,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,HaZZarD,"http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=482338829http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=486444460http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=486465087I waited more than one year before reviewing this game, as a sign of respect for its developers and to try write a complete and honest review.  Now I think I gave them enough time to fix their game and to prove they care about their costumers, and I'am sorry but they failed...What to say ?  AS2 and its developers for me in 3 words ?  .. A BIG DISAPPOINTMENT !On AS1 I had lot of hours of fun, even if to be sincere 95% of my hours on AS1 were spent with the German Soldiers Mod, a realism mod, so I give credits to DMS for making the basic game (wich is a modified version of the originall MoW by Best Way) but if was not for Blubork's GSM and all the MoW modders, I'am not sure about how many hours I could have on AS1.So in general from MOW to AS1 for me nothing big changed (not that other MOW titles brought bigger changes) if not improved graphic and other little details, main improvements arrived thanks to the evolving of the German Soldiers Mod and other mods, but all in all I was happy with the AS1 platform, they even released free updates with new models, and from time to time I could have fun with the vanilla game too, even if nothing serious.Main problems of AS1 vanilla for me were the artificial weapon datas and in general the lack of realism, not that MoW was realistic, for example regarding ranges AS1 was a step forward, but with AS1 in my opinion the gameplay went even more fast paced and more CoH oriented.I always disagreed with the payback mechanic introduced by DMS, I find that rewarding a player for wasting units doesn't fit the Real-Time-STRATEGY genre, to help new players you need to make in game tutorials (still absent in AS2).So when AS2 was announced I went on AS2 forum and asked personally to devs if AS2 was going to be a more realism oriented game, not a sim, just more realistic, and they put there the fact that they were going to implement realistic weapon datas, I also asked them if they were planning to implement a territory mode like I suggested in the past and again they answered me that something was coming to satisfy this suggestion too.So as I'am a positive person and I like to help who deserve it, I was super happy and I decided to help in the funding of their future CTA title too, even if I was not really interested in a post WWII era MoW.Then the big day to try AS2 arrived......and this sadly was my first reaction after trying it (was obviously in italian but I'll try to translate it:) )""What the ♥♥♥♥ ?? are you kidding me ?!""Yes, it can sound rude but this sincerely was my reaction when trying AS2 for the first time.Performances were terrible (but it was beta so at that time I still had hope here), improvements compared to AS1 ? little to nothing , and it not ends here....Ranges were reduced and the gameplay was damn fast paced, maps had a terrible artificial arena look and were damn small, nothing  like my suggested territory mode,  instead an extreme battle zone mode that had nothing to do with what I suggested, even the realistic weapon datas were not that realistic as the Tiger tank could ""360 non scope"" in one second with its famously and historically known SLOW turret traverse.Regarding the vanilla game a total disappointment, however the full steam implementation was a nice thing and my thought was that performances could improve as promised and once GSM was released then I could just play that and avoid the CoH like vanilla gameplay, even if having to always rely on mods to enjoy a game to be sincere is quite annoying.No less I even created an AS2 thread on the most famous Italian tech forum, I was still supporting the devs despite the problems and failed expectations.After months of waiting I realized I passed more time on the AS2 hub than in game as the game performances were terrible and the vanilla game gameplay a total rush and grenade spam that I was unable to enjoy.Again, I tried to stay positive and give my best to stay present on the AS2 hub and give suggestions, I invested my precious time there but what I discovered was just that, even with their community the Devs were doing a terrible job, threads locked, people banned, not a sign of listening to player suggestions, even Devs replying to suggestions in a quite arrogant way or over-defending their product and ""vision"" at all costs, making you feel like a♥♥♥♥♥♥and totally impotent toward the series future.I was speechless, I was no more able to recognize the devs I used to like and I helped by being backer and always preordering their products.At same time of this hard blow by AS2 devs, on the other hand, I had Arma 3 devs with their feedback tracker and a forum that is more like a virtual office, where players and devs collaborate to make a better game.And Arma series too started small and niche, for A3 they kept on the realism way so one can think they sold less compared to the more arcade AS2 that tried to follow the mainstream arcade way, but no, this is an outdated way of thinking IMO, now in 2015 you sell more if you make a quality product and you stay HONEST and HELP/ LISTEN to PEOPLE, that's what matter to make an healthy game and business, we are no more in the 20th century, I like to think that people evolved and started punishing the soulless greedy business. look at the paid mod for Skyrim, people must be heard or they revolt.Back to AS2, last but not least disappointment, that ultimately made me quit with the game in December 2014, was that basically if the AS2 vanilla game already had problems in MP, Big mods then were totally unplayable, just crashes, desync and horrible performances, mods that were able to run fine on MoW, now on AS2 years later were unplayable.The OOS issue made us crash 75% of the times in games bigger than 2v2.Basically the only thing that right now work in AS2 is the SP or MP below 2v2 (if both players have a great PC).But if you want to play SP then what's the point of getting AS2 ? yes thanks to workshop you find mods easily but for SP AS1/MOW are good enough and still have SP mods putting there new stuff for free, right now I can't find any good reason to suggest you AS2, specially with this dev behaviour toward their customers.Positive things yes, the auto resupply, veterancy and like I said workshop, but is it enough ? I let you judge on this.Luckily the MOW series is not dead, now we have Battle of Empires that is very promising and where Devs really listen to their community as well as the future Best Way game ""outfront"" on the new engine, in the hope they will not commit same DMS mistakes, like developing two games at the same time as an indie company with low budget ?! I would say maybe better to concentrate your effort to one game per time and listening to your community, or not ?AS2 in the end proved to be a mere way to fund CTA.This MoW series has an huge potential to become the best RTS ever and an awesome sandbox platform, for now to be sincere all MoW developers failed to unleash its full potential and make it a really successful game that, like Arma III in the Tactical-FPS genre, can become a milestone of its genre and make PC gamers proud of it.Let's see what the future will reserve to us MoW players. I know some things are going behind the scene that may surprise us in the future of this series,I'am not going to talk about them right now, but I'am positive :)godspeedPS: my 400+ hours are mostly beta testing GSM, all time wasted as GSM is a MP mod and it wont work on AS2 : )  (even if according to Devs and workshop there is mod support)So I even went ""light"" on this review, I could write worst, but unlike DMS I'am a gentleman.cheersHaZZarD"
76561198027025456,Recommended,244450,20020023,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Kharior,"This is the king of WWII RTS. The way the weapons work, the ability to take command of your troops and the attention to the details for the weapon characteristics blow games like Company of Heros out of the water. The only real failure was the early optimization (fixed since) and the graphics. The textures of the troops leaves something to be desired. I love this game and I think you will too. 9/10"
,Recommended,244450,8808400,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,A Gold,"Assault Squad 2, the true successor to the amazing first title, is the embodiment of a true WW2 RTS. The in depth armour system and weapon mechanics are complimented by fantastic graphics that are pleasing to the eye as well as improved UI from the previous Assault squad title. Although the current beta is a bit chunky i have the utmost faith in the developers at Digital Mindsoft to continue the fantastic legacy brought by the first title.The gameplay is in-depth, the setting and units accurate, the gradual increase to the scale of warfare presented in a skirmish or Multiplayer competitive matchup is a welcome test of one’s foresight and planning as more often than not the crucial moment of victory will not come in one distinct period of the game. The ability of this game to allow a player to exploit an opponent’s flaws in defence or his ability to capitalise on his own armoured or support advantage is astounding. A player may use a series of approaches to try and obtain victory, and the games can end up insanely close as players scramble and crawl their way to victory. Nothing beats the feeling of outwitting your opponents and somehow pulling a victory out of thin air.If you seek a game that compares to company of heroes you must look elsewhere as both titles have their own distinct style of gameplay. If you want an in-depth somewhat realistic WW2 RTS with stunning gameplay, good graphics and a stellar community look no further. All elements of the game compliment your experience to make for one of the best, if not the best WW2 RTS games in today’s market, and i hope that if you choose to purchase this title, that you will enjoy it as much as i have."
,Recommended,244450,12494192,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,[|||] Magnum Force,"Men of War - Assault Squad 2,Is a bit of a strange release, because the content is almost 100% the same as Men of War - Assault Squad 1. The gameplay is the same and the only thing that changed are some weapon configurations and range settings. Everything else's basically the same.As a plus though, Men of War - Assault Squad 2 has Steam integration, something Men of War - Assault Squad 1 lacks and thus is unplayable in normal multiplayer matches due to the fact that Game Spy shut down. (You can still play multiplayer by using a program like: Hamachi, Tunggle or Game Ranger)The most important changes, however, are not with actual gameplay, but with the engine that's being used and it's probably their engine of choice for the next game: ""Call to Arms"".Final verdict:It's hard to tell if you should buy Men of War - Assault Squad 2 or the prequel Men of War - Assault Squad 1.If money is an issue, then go for Men of War - Assault Squad 1. Otherwise you should go for Men of War - Assault Squad 2, because it features Steam Workshop & match making and runs on a more modern engine tuned towards high end systems."
76561198217989567,Recommended,244450,34920696,Posted: 13 September,all,sean-spencer,">be me, Tiger II commander>advancing from HQ to defend against commies>arrive at defensive position>immediatly get both my tracks blown off>damn t/34s.png>kill dozens of soviet tanks and hundereds of infanty>Hans on the Mg-42.jpg>tell men to get out and repair the tracks>both get hit by artillery>Just me and hans>two new guys repair tank and we move out>immediatly run out of gas>run out of ammo>tracks shot off>engine breaks down>get swarmed by slavs>mfw>writing this in siberia rn>Tiger II/10 would be gulaged by commie scum again"
,Not Recommended,244450,9935731,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,IgnorantGravity,"To be quite honest, I'm rather disappointed in this game for one really big reason: it's more or less the same as MoW: Assault Squad (#1).  The compaign can get quite tedius and repetitious (since several maps are repeated with different plants and weather conditions) or it's the same couple of mission sets.  While the game itself is well rounded, the developers failed to address the issues that arose in the first AS.Pros: Multiplayer, though to be honest it's not greatly improved from what I can tell.Cons: Single Player.  Really.  Save your money and just buy MoW Assault Squad.  It's cheeper and has the same maps and abiities (scratch and add a few minor things.)To give you an idea on how much they cheaped out on things, there's no real voice actors.  I first noticed it in the Russian campaign when I realized the ""commanders voice"" sounded like a 15 year old American boy.  All in all I wish I had my money back and stuck to the first AS."
76561198002608069,Recommended,244450,23382493,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,"Steven""Punani""Seagal",AIM IS IN THE REACH ZONEFOR UNCLE SAMTHIS IS HOW WE DO IT IN MISSOURI
76561198006525664,Not Recommended,244450,13749446,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Crazy Goblin,"If you have the first Men of War: Assault Squad I would not bother with this one unless is it on sale at a heavily reduced rate. Most of the missions are the same as in the first game. However, each army getting some new missions.Its a good game. But I wouldn't bother buying it if you have the first one."
,Not Recommended,244450,10144571,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Pansyfaust,"This is the call of duty of men of war: unlocks, xp, reused content.can't wait to get fooled again next year with men of war: rehash squad 3."
,Recommended,244450,31887543,Posted: 21 May,all,The Strategist,"Hello fellow Steamers, If you are here to check the reviews to see if its a good or bad game you are in the best place posible its called the reviews section(oh really?).The game is pretty unique game that isnt produced on a large scale like first person shooters.I will talk and summarize abit about what the game has to offer and whats it lacking.PROS:-Very Historically accurate with its units.-The large and Detailed maps can give very different gameplays in each session.-The Campaign is very broad letting you play 5 diffrent factions which include germany,japan, Soviet Union, America and Great Britain.-The textures and dynamic changes are numerous, You are able to plow up almost anything from buildings to the DAMN ANNOYING BICKES BLOCKING YOUR JEEPS(ARG, bicycles vs Armoured vehicle; Bicycle wins).-Losing the entire battle when you forgot your units at the back that you ordered to come but wher stuck on bicycles.-The workshop is huge and it has many missions and units to add e.g. Wanna play italy or france there are enough mods even china is added.-Multiplayer battles are nice and quick paced lasting from 15 minuts to 45 minuts.-The community isnt toxic and really try to help you learn(do not enter Multiplayer wright after installing the game the it turns toxic)CONS:-Multiplayer is slowly dying out-Updates and patches are getting very few lately-New players have a very steep learning curve-Hanze always gets ze flammenwerfer.-NEVER LET HANZ GET ZE FLAMMENWERFER.Thats it i Hope you learned whats it about and if its worth your money:)"
,Recommended,244450,8731527,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Slizzer,Die Rückkehr der Echtzeitstrategie!The return of the real time strategy!
76561198064027735,Not Recommended,244450,28352611,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,harbinger297,"Great game... If you haven't played Men Of War before.It is literally a re-port of the existing game and not worth the $30 price tag. If you have never played one of the men of war games before you will most likely enjoy it, but if you own Men Of War already; do not buy, you are wasting your money.I purchased thinking it would be upgraded with new units, new maps, new singleplayer battles, etc (because, you know, it says ""2"" and is advertised as being new) but it is exactly the same as the first game. Same units, same maps, same campaign battles, same UI, same menus, same modes, same graphics basically except a bit of a shine on it, same gameplay (for example the unit positioning hasnt been improved; its exactly the same) same bugs, etc.Practically fraud to call it ""2"" when what they should have sold it as:Men of war with minor graphic tweaks ($30 please).--------With the popularity of this review I should probably add some further thoughts (I had it refunded since but will expand on my thoughts).In my opinion the Men of War series are one of the best RTS's around for personal enjoyment, as I mostly play them on my own (not much multiplayer) and still managed to rack up a fair few hours on the first Men of War: Assault Squad. The problems with this particular one is more that I see no reason to buy it over Men of War: Assault Squad. Genuinely, there is hardly any difference.As I said, if you have never picked up a Men of War game and you like RTS games you can emerge yourself into, get deeply involved in, micro manage little details (I would even make little stories for my squads and follow them around and get sad if I lost a trooper I gave a nickname), then you will enjoy it, I think it's just not right to keep trying to sell these as new games, but the base game isn't a bad game (just get it on sale, it's not a polished AAA type of game, it has a very... Indie developer trying to go pro feel).Some notes:+ Battles are fun, and you can control each unit and each unit will interact with the map, like taking cover where you point, pick up weapons, ammo, etc.- Half the time the cover doesn't work properly and it glitches or units get stuck, etc. It can be frustrating trying to micro manage a squad to try and get them all behind cover.+Maps are large, expansive, lots of items, destructables, etc.- I've never been a fan of the reinforcement system used, on such large maps making reinforcements walk from 10,000 miles away. You can attach weapons to vehicles to tow and etc but its so much micro management that doing those tedious actions kind of takes away the fun.+ Can micromanage fun things.- Have to micromanage tedious things.Campaign:+ There is a campaign.- The voice overs. My god.- The missions are all the same basically for any faction.- Seriously, those voice overs. Just play some music and read the subtitles, you will have a better experience.NOW, obviously most of what I have mentioned is more single player based stuff. But honestly, this isn't a game I would be using to multiplayer ladder all pro style, it's something to kill some time and mess around with.So at the end of it all would I recommend it?Yes, if you've never played it and it's on sale cheap. Otherwise, no. If it's full price, or you've played Men of War: Assault Squad before, there are just better games you could buy and spend your time on.Do I think it's a game most people will play, and keep playing continuously?No. I think the average player will probably play this for awhile, get a kick out of it for like 20-60 hours and then find it dropping off over time until it fills one of the 100+ slots occupied by a steam season sale, collect dust, until they bring out Assault Squad 3 and then you see this review all over again."
,Recommended,244450,32754497,Posted: 24 June,all,Cobra Phantom,"I could smell jerry on the other side of the sandbag. His breathes were deep and constant, woven with whimpers of german. Although I couldn't translate what he was saying, the emotion was deafening.As I was finishing rummaging through his dead comrades, I cursed as I only found SMG rounds when I had a bolt action. I could swear he laughed at me with an accent. We both knew one of us was going to die, maybe even both. Call it telepathic or natural instinct, but we both knew each other knew as well.As I was about to make my final push, the rground rumbled. Sand shoke violently off the sandbags, the ground shaking with impending  doom. Was it friend or foe? Was it a thundering elephant on a loose, or a german tiger? Do they have tigers in germany? Concentrate you fool! The rumbling intensifed, seemingly coming to a head, but silence. Was I imaging it? No. Earthquake, in the middle of a battle? Doubtful.As scenerios clouded my mind, a blast went off like a cannon from hell. The shell carved through the air laced with heavy grey smoke. When it reached its destination, its hard to say if it met its intended target. As I gazed to my rear, I could tell it had. A sherman sat in an ackward position, disfigured and destroyed. One crew member managed to get out. He promptly pulled out a wrench and got to work repairing. It was odd to see but for some reason I believed. I believed he could repair that tank. And I had to give him a chance.I moved like a striking snake, one seemless movement. I stood, I killed the confused german laying prone in the opposite direction. The hell was he doing? The turret started moving my direction, but I was fast. I blitzkrieged that god damn tank. For some reason I was too far away to throw my AT grenade, so I got close enough to know it was gonna blow my♥♥♥♥♥away too, great design. Here I am about to be the hero and some jackass decided this distance was reasonable to take out this monstrocity of german engineering.I pulled back and just as I release and let fly, an AP shell from one of our own tank destroyers takes out the tiger in dramatic fashion. I looked in awe which quickly faded to horror. My grenade was about to hit a tank that this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ took all the glory for. It exploded on the deceased tank, and blew me away for no ♥♥♥♥in reason.The end."
,Not Recommended,244450,9928686,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Thug Life,"As of right now, I fail to see how MOWAS2 is anything more than a full price map pack with a few updated models.I have some issues with this developer so it really doesn't surprise me,  I'll reccomend this game if/when they pull their socks up*Note, I am well aware this game is in Beta/Early Access, it still doesnt change the fact that neither the early access content or what has been advertised looks to be anything more than a few new models, some revamped maps from old games, and a few new sounds.*and for christs sake guys. Update the infantry models from 2007, and stop abusing the rating system by flagging negative reviews as abuse. DMS, you're a joke"
76561198143930829,Recommended,244450,32725387,Posted: 24 June,all,_69_xX/LeagueOfFixel\Xx_69_,"It was a cool historicly accurate and realistic WW2 game until I installed some sci-fi mods,10/10 would let clones fight Nazis again while trying to hold off Tyranids and getting bombed by space marines."
,Not Recommended,244450,25233618,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,HABS,"""Knowing Digital Mind Soft, I can almost guarantee that Origins is just going to be MOW:AS2 ported to MOW, minimal effort for maximum result, plain and simple.""- HABS 2016-08-23 1:18am""Sell the same game 4 times, make 4 times the profit""- Digital Mind Soft""We've updated the models and textures in Men of War: Origins. Oh wait, no we didn't we just ported the models that we updated in AS2 to Origins.""- Digital Mind Soft""Why haven't I been updated to HD DMS? WHY!!!???""- Hetzer""You sold this game full price yet you sell me in a DLC like some kind of piece of meat, shame on you!""- AI Bots""I can't believe you would forbade the Imperial Japanese Empire from gaining HD textures for our glourious tanks, made of nippon steel, folded 1000 times, sharp as katana!""- Japan""Comrade, have no fear, DMS is not ripping you guys off. Here, have Men of War Origins for $20.00, it will make it all better""- 1c CompanyIf you can't already tell this game was a money grab, Origins is a money grab and these two development teams are scum bags. I won't buy another one of their products and you shouldn't either.What's next? Men of War: Assault Squad Origins, finally featuring fully HD textures for all units, buy it today for only $20.00 or buy the Premium Membership for an extra $10 to support out company, remember it's better to be a member. (Insert random new additions here that don't actually add anything important)Oh yeah, and the devs are super passive aggressive, they ban people who call them out on their half assing ways.I give this cancer a 4/10, at least it's Men of War, only buy it on sale.*edit* Save your money for Gates of Hell, it's the MOW like game we want and need."
76561198031147798,Not Recommended,244450,10190114,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,PAVV,"dont let the red hand fool you, if your a fan of the first one then you will enjoy the different style missions, but as far as units, sound, and maps go this is the same game, i didnt even notice a difference in graphics, but the steam mod support just makes this game worth while to me, i give it a red hand because i dont like the company just using us for a quick money grab, but atleast the modders can still make a game out of this, if you use the right mods at once it can really just make the game fun, like the realism mod that fixes ranges for tanks and arty, really just makes you re-think everything about how you advance, and cheat mod for someone who just wants to mess around a bit, the company may have ruined the game but the steam community has made a real game out of this and i think if you really liked the first one this game given the right mods can blow you away."
76561198016959414,Not Recommended,244450,10122596,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Kekosaurus Kek,"First ImpressionsDo not buy this game if you have Assault Squad 1 unless you want steam support/some new UI and some new scenarios.  Oh and some slightly better graphics, units faces still look like they are from 2005 even on max.   The core the game is still good but its exactly the same game as far as i can tell with perhaps a few minor tweaks.Overall it is a glorified update."
76561198048247539,Recommended,244450,8750522,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,SentryNXT,"Great game , beats the crap out of CoH. Direct control is great & everything is alot more realistic than in CoH . Graphics are amazing and detailed, gameplay is fun & challenging. Skirmish with friends is great timesink and offers replay value just like multiplayer.After they iron out some of the bugs / crashes / fps issues this will be 10/10"
,Not Recommended,244450,12296617,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,平岡公威 jdudezzz,"Overall gamplay is good but worse than AS1. The lag and the inability to fix it since it's release is mindboggling. See strat29's comments.Edit: The game has been updated since early October however the update has not drastically changed the game to differentiate it enough from Assault Squad 1 (AS1). It has fixed the lag issue for the most part but it seems rather strange that the game was originally launched with such a blatant, arguably unplayable issue in the first place. There are no new factions, very few new maps, inability to play the large maps (8x8 for example) and a game that essentially replicates what AS1 does. Worth a buy? Maybe. Worth the supposed upgrade from AS1? Nope.Edit #2 (Version 3.115.0): In the last few weeks a new update and new features via a DLC were issued through steam. They've ironed out some of the issues that plagued the game since the latest series of updates but the game still has some relatively large issues that continute plague performance and multiplayer gameplay. If you're relatively new to this game and you're looking to experience multiplayer and ultimately test out your strategies, you may not have that great of a time. While many players will experience the following, it is new and casual players who will experience the following in a more frustrating fashion. Multiplayer is not ""smooth"", in fact many have complained it is essentially broken. Crashing (out of sync, random black screens, random dropping) is very common. Second, lag is an issue, period. Whether the lag issue is due to bad PC performance or latency issues, it is a problem for many. Third, multiplayer often requires you to connect with other players and form regular teams which can and is often frustrating for new and casual players (although I'm quite fine :)).A few more notes on the latest series of updates:- No 8v8.... yet?- Replay via the DLC is great but arguably a tad expensive considering what you get. Plus the replay feature does not have any control functions like pause, fast-forward, etc. Further, it is bugged.- Spectator slots are a great addition but it is also bugged and likely causes out-of-syc crashing issues.- Steam overlay is all messed up. The latest updates have rendered it useless which is a step backwards and quite surprising that it was not looked at before the release.- This company seems to think it's cool release release notes several days after an  update.I can definitely understand why new and casual players find the multiplayer aspect of this game frustrating. Not only is there a steep learning curve, it has a number of other issues which I noted. I should also note that the overall gameplay is still not better than AS1.Edit #3 (Version 3.122) as of May 23rd, 2015: This game has been updated several times since I last looked over my review of this game. I would like to note the following:- SOME Out-of-Sync in-game crashing has been fixed but it still occurs enough to delay a 2v2 tournament and was the direct cause of cancelling the 3v3 league (which I assisted in administering).  It is a MAJOR sore spot in the competitive part of the community.- Replays still crash as much as before.- I began a campaign for new maps to be implemented in a future version given this game's focus is primarily on multiplayer. I hope this is done because this game has lacked new, quality maps ever since it's release. I have no idea why this didn't cross their minds before hand... It now appears DMS may very well be including it in a future paid DLC pack, which if true, is a joke given that the maps they're reviewing are available FREE as a MOD (unfortunately too many AS2 players are ignorant of this).- Performance issues still exist (lag, PC performance). Still worse than AS1 in terms of performance.- Steam overlay is still completely broken, about a year since it's release.- Matchmaking, I finally tried it. It's been plagued with issues from day one, no end in sight. It is also not taken seriously, at all, by us in the competitive community.Edit #4 (Latest version as of July 16th, 2015): It's been almost two months since I updated this review to outline the latest version(s) so I'd like to note a few things:- Many people still play this game, albeit the singleplayer part of this game. Unfortunately this game, as all RTS games, is geared towards multiplayer. With that being said, the crashes I've noted early, among a new crash since the end of May and the out-of-sync errors that still occur have really hurt two communities: the more experienced modders and modding community and the competitive community. As of three weeks ago I stopped playing due to the sheer amount of errors in multiplayer and overall instability in the game's performance.- DMS has struggled to provide a smooth, stable multiplayer ever since it's release. I've been cautiously optimistic and hopeful but I've decided to move on generally and wish everyone good luck playing the game. Out-of-sync issues has decimated larger multiplayer games and as I've noted, the competitive side of the community. It's virtually impossibly to play consistent, stable 2v2, 3v3 and up games. With that being said, It's a game that I truly enjoyed but it's become too unstable to continue forwards."
76561198011893101,Recommended,244450,24710079,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,natnat,"One of the finest games ever made.This is a large review of the game so go to appropriate sections if you do not wish to read the entire thing.***Brief Overview of the Game****Well there are 5 factions. On the Allies side is UK, Soviets and USA whilst on the Axis Japan and Germany.You have staple ""skirmish"" missions for each factions each with a different emphasis for example defense missions, tank only missions, stealth/sniper missions among others. However I won't go into too much detail into Singleplayer because Multiplayer is where the game shines.In Multiplayer there is no grinding to unlock certain powerful units, everything is unlocked from the start from a M20 to a King Tiger.Now you receive a certain amount of set Manpower each game which on competitive settings is 3000 base manpower plus ""payback"" which usually comes to around 800-1000mp. There is no base building or collecting resources it is a set amount per second until it reaches 3000 with extras coming through payback that is dependent upon how much MP you have already lost and how much CP you have on the field.CP (command points) is a value that every unit in the game also receives. You are limited to 100 CP on normal settings which obviously means you cannot completely overwhelm the map with inf or tanks. Heavier tanks cost more CP, so not only are they expensive in MP but they also limit your ability to field infantry to cover LOS and attack flags.***Key Features/Strengths of the Game***The physics mechanics of the game of completely unique. Unlike most RTS games which work on an arcadey system of hitpoints with certain values working well against other other values ""unit X has 10 pierce damage and 5 blunt damage"", Mowas 2 is quasi-realistic.Whilst counters in most RTS are static and predetermined (you know exactly how much damage your unit will do the enemy unit) in Mowas2 that is not necessary the case. It is very possible and does happen that a tier 1 Volkstrum Sqaud can ambush and kill a tier 4 SAS squad if it is ambushed out in the open.This is particularily prevalent in tank combat where even an 240MP Damier amoured car 2 pounder gun can penetrate the side armour of a 1250MP Che Ri or even an KT at 2400MP. Of course this requires the Damier to get to point blank range on those tanks in order destroy them and the KT and Che Ri can ""max range"" penetrate the Damier with ease at 140 range. It is this uncertainity regarding counters that adds a great dynamic to the game as not only does allow players to make comebacks if they are behind on MP by using sneaky inf to destory heavy tanks or using superior tank play yourself and killing a superior tank.Direct Control is the other great strength of this game. The game engine allows you to 3rd person mode control any unit in the game. That is, if you press left Ctrl or E you can manually take the place of the AI and take matters into your own hands. So if you feel like your MG is not doing a good enough job of mowing down an enemy sqaud you can ""DC"" the MG yourself. This is mostly applicable with tanks though (as they are your expensive purchases) as often you will know the weak spots on an enemy tank armour to aim for.***Weaknesses of the Game***A very steep learning curve. This is not like TW where even relatively newby's can put up a good fight and find other relative newby's quickly. Even 30 hours in this game makes a huge difference in your ability. You will get beaten, and beaten badly in a lot of games. There is a lot to manage and consider in this game and you will be overwhelmed at the start. Bear in mind though the better players you play with, the faster you will improve (even if you might lose a bit more). The rewards for getting good at this game are huge though. Close, tight games on Mowas2 are like nothing else, spoken from a guy who has 1350 hours :pAlthough the game does look great on high settings, it is very poorly optimized and puts a much greater strain on your graphics card that it should do. Also if one player has poor performance in a game it can lag the game for everyone else which is very frustrating.The developers have only limited resources. Digital Mind Soft (DMS) are a limited company at this point in time and are spending much of their time working on Call to Arms Mowas2's Modern Era Sequel. It means they are limited in providing support to Mowas 2. Bugs can take time to be ironed out and balance patches take a bit of time.***Overall Personal Summary***This series captures that perfect balance between fast paced gameplay and serious strategy. Unlike many more traditional RTS's this succeed in this game you do not need to have absurd twitch reactions (although of course they help) yet it is not a time consuming slug fest or 'grand strategy'.It is the brilliance of the engine the game physics were this game is so unique. The ability to directly control anything you own in a quasi 3rd person mode offers so much more than most RTS's. Especially when given the WW2 focus and the vast variety of tanks you can play with, it is like playing a lite version of WoT or WT except there is incredible amount more depth with combining arms of many different facets of the game - you have to simultaniously manage infantry, tanks, anti-infantry and anti tank assets.It was this game which allowed me to get into competitive gaming. Of course I would never put 1300 hours into a game if I didn't have that extra element of motivation namely competing yet still this a quite superb game and I would thoroughly recommend it to anybody."
76561198055072402,Not Recommended,244450,9845675,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Arch Dornan,"I just want to say that this game is fun, but it's completely not worth supporting. The game seems to be in beta stage still even though it's fully released. It has a signficant lack of content and the makers have yet to actually add everything they have promised. It's extremelly hard to find a game, relating to how it feels like it's still a beta. It has a XP System which completely ruined the games experience, the community is way to small for something like an XP System also. There aren't to many missions for all of the factions (Which is currently at 3 factions still), they may be some what long but they are all literally the same missions for each faction showing an extreme lack of effort and laziness. The path finding from the AI can be good at most times but you will constantly find times of your AI acting like idiots (causing them to get kill and completely ruin your strategy) I've never actaully wanted a refund for a game until now, which is saying a lot because I own a good amount of COD games. I'm disapointed in the developers and hope if they ever make a game they don't ♥♥♥♥ up as crappy as they did this time."
76561197973435043,Recommended,244450,29887303,Posted: 12 February,all,HairballHacker,"This game is super fun.Like playing with my green, plastic army men when I was a kid, but it's a video game!"
,Recommended,244450,12947623,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,MightyHonk,"Finally a game about ww2 without one-sided balance.You can die for the Motherland, Fatherland, Churchill, Freedumbs or Emperor without yelling that everything enemy has is OP (japanese tanks will make you raise your eyebrows tho). Everything feels good: how tanks react, how infantry throw grenades or change weapons depending on target on their own, tanks and artillery operate at beliveable range, armor thickness and angle seems to work in realistic fashion too. However some weapons that should penetrate 160mm of armor can't kill pz4 which may be just bad luck, but is irritating for sure. Also it's always a big fanservice to me when each faction speaks on it's own language, instead of ""Kill that faschistsky♥♥♥♥♥♥for stalin comerade boris tovarichs brat comerade"" nonsense.But, and it's a big BUT (Y(__|, there's some things that really SUCK:1) it's basically same as previous game with like 5 new maps, fancier graphics and ♥♥♥♥♥ier netcode, yet costs full price and it seems that AS1 servers are closed.2)If someone in same match as you have PC FOR EDUCATIONAL PURPOSES, you will have tremendous lags too.3)Units' pathfinding is probably most infuriating thing i encountered in my life, and believe me, living in Russia you will get thing or two to be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at in your lyf. Units will try to go through impassable terrain and get stuck if you wont control them like babies, infantryman, after an order to throw grenade can start doing modern dance moves and catch a bullet instead, SU-122 will agro at infantry and will get shot by Jagtiger in the♥♥♥♥♥when you're not looking, etc.4)INTERFACE. Your first couple of hours will be literally unplayable since you will have to call all the scientists in the world specializing in awful GUI to help you figure out what the hell is going on with this squad control. Also half of your keyboard is some random hotkeys that control everything from towing artillery pieces to manually jacking off your soldiers.5)Units' field of view: you will see for yourself should you decide to play this.6)ELO in a game where 2v2, 3v3, 4v4 modes exist. People just never learn that it only works in 1v1.Now after my♥♥♥♥♥finally chilled, let's get back to good shieeet again.Unit variety: even tho as a result of applying semi-realistic characteristics to tanks and stuff some units are just too useless to call-in, amount of options is really big for each faction. Even tho, as example, for soviets you will usually get something like some infantry, dshk, zis and then if everything is good you will wait for t34/57 or get that funny howitzer-tin coffin-tank thing that's at lvl 10 or something, or t60, things that you can do with spetznaz with stolen bazooka and flamethrower guy are lewder than most kinky porn. Also when was the last time you saw flamethrowers actually burning everyhing inside of a tank? Games like Company of Jobbers 2 will always shield themselves with some non-existant ""MUH BALANCE"" holy cow, but in reality Relic just dont know how things work and can't code if their life depended on it.Manual aim: this is plain fun, even though it seems tanks ironically actually lose in accuracy if you manually aim them. If you remember Crimsonland - when you control soldier with PTRs and noscope360 enemies through covers it feels just like this. However, while you having fun you will probably lose rest of the army because i didn't find anything resembling CONTROL GROUPS IN THIS GAME AND WORKING WITH THIS MINIMAP REQUIRES 900+ APM.Little things: A lot of things here are just priceless: manually refilling artillery ammunition with infantry squad by moving shells from a truck through inventory (if you played a lot of Zuma at MLG tournaments you will be good at this), shooting cow and then search it's corpse, kill a guy, stuff his corpse's inventory with artillery shells and then move it near your artillery like some sort of death metal treasure chest, throw grenade into trench and then order machinegun to fire at position so enemy won't ever escape, run your flamethrower tank through building filled with enemies, ram enemy fortifications and then detonate it with grenade to see most useless fireworks ever, roll out IS-3 and lose it to one-shot from enemy AT, etc.I give this game 100 executed war prisoners out of 100. Even though interface and matchmaking are modern means of mental torture, game itself is pure fun. As for singleplayer missions - they don't seem to be as much fun as they were in very first Men of War so i never tried them.Win for the Rodina or die trying!"
76561198014662114,Recommended,244450,23644797,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Commander Kermit,"Men of War is a great game, and I can only hope the best for its future and for the moderators. This game demonstrates general realism and immersion on the battlefield; but I do have complaints. For example, the game isnt realistic enough. Some people will diagree but this game being in the genre it needs more realsim in the base vanilla game. Maybe make the spotting ranges of the units higher and make infantry's health lower. Another problem is overpowered nations. Germany as a faction dominates the multiplayer battlefield. Spending over 1000 hours in the MOW AS series is proof of these experiences. With minor moding (supported), this game goes from good to god. I must say the editor is well done by the way. I'm also happy to say that the community will support you in any trouble you stumble across. Overall, its a fun game, and I would recommend."
,Recommended,244450,17877852,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,♠ Shas'O Bongosun Mont'yr,"Pretty much perfect in every way, one of the best RTS games I've ever played. The attention to detail is amazing.Shells can pierce multiple armoured targets...Infantry have multiple hitboxes, able to lose their helmet or even rifle if sent flying by an explosionInfantry can search other infantrys corpses, taking their weapons, helmets and even bandages (or dynamite from a armoured vehicle)...Tanks dont have health bars, they have damage modelling, so a panzer IV wont take out a churchill, unlike CoH...Units are made in favour of realism rather than balance, if it was bad in real life, its bad here...Surprisingly active multiplayer community...Great freedom in what your units can physically do, you can send your men into an allys tank if one of his crew died, for example...You can take control of a single unit/vehicle at any time, controlling how it moves, where it fires, what it does. You can cook a grenade, conduct a charge, take control a single man with a flamethrower, scorching the enemy trenchlines, angle your tank armour so enemy rounds bounce off, aim for weak spots of enemy tanks, etc...Your tank crew can escape a inoperable vehicle, and blow it up with dynamite to prevent it being stolen, (Or even used in a last ditch effort to take your enemy with you)You can decrew and steal enemy vehicles, even towing their anti tank guns against them...If you can think of it, you can probably do it."
,Not Recommended,244450,10138133,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Ghostbear,"My review is based upon singleplayer only, i havent touched the multiplayer and perhaps that is where the real focus of this game lays, but for anyone out there that is also interested in the singleplayer aspect, this is for you.First off, the game uses the standard men of war style play, in that respect you cant go wrong with the gameplay, its fun to direct control units and blow things up, nothing much has changed here since ""Soldiers:heroes of ww2"", you still cant properly direct control into buildings as infantry.Here is where my real issue with this game comes, the singleplayer maps. Theres no real story like previous men of war games (unlike the first assault squad which also had no story). Their is 6 or 7 missions for each faction, brits, germans, russians etc. Nearly every single map is the same, a long corridor which you must advance up and take control of the flags. There is no room for flanking, no room for any tactical depth, its basically direct control one unit and slowly advance him up taking out everything. Occasionally something different will happen, like you need to defend the flag for X amount of time. Its hardly stimulating tactically for example the start of the first mission it gives you 1 squad of infantry to defend against an attack, you literally do not have to issue a single order, your men will sit in the trench and return fire for 3 minutes until it progress' onto the corridor style level layout. Its pointless, you may aswell just speed up time to get it out of the way.Some of the missions are even dlc missions that were released for the first men of war. So ive paid for the exact same maps twice now.Here is the real stinker though. Youve completed all the missions for the nation that you chose to play as first, time to try out some of the other nations! Wait ... this map looks awfully familiar ....oh thats right, it is! The other nations are all carbon copies of the same maps just reskinned to look different with the units of that nation put in instead. Dont get me wrong they look quite nice the maps but there is only so many times you can advance up the same corridor of a map with the tiniest of differences between them.In essence the only saving grace is the community workshop, which is sad that your relying on user generated content to enjoy a game you paid for. It is truely a sad state of affairs that the game which started this series off ""Soldiers heroes of ww2"" released over 10 years ago had more complex missions, a better story and more varied missions than this. I do not think this title warrants calling itself a sequel to assault squad 1, its pretty much the same game but better graphics.Perhaps the multiplayer is the saving grace of this series, i dont know. But like me if your interested in singleplayer missions, avoid this unless some really good steam workshop stuff comes out. Play the original men of war, faces of war or even soldiers heroes of ww2 instead they are all vastly superior singleplayer experiences.Shame, i was hoping for more after assault squad one, not more of the same."
76561198180970485,Recommended,244450,21369219,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,THE POTSTER,This game is a ww2 fans dream. Every time I win a multiplayer battle as germany I shout♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and then my brother punches me in face.
76561198007503248,Recommended,244450,26230741,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Darcy,"Absolutely Glorious Game!Superior to Company of Heroes in every way (except graphics).+ Great unit detail & range of available units per nation+ Direct Fire Control - great for sniper & AT Gun units+ Direct Driving Control for vehicles - great cos the AI pathfinding is frustrating sometimes+ Micro-Managers Rejoice! Manage unit weapons & ammo+ Unit veterancy system - the more they kill, the better they kill+ My fave units of WW2, SAS, Royal Marine Commandos, US Rangers, 101st Airborne+ Good range of Skirmishes (co-op missions) for all nations+ Steam workshop support, with some superb mods out there10/10 would equip entire SAS squad with MG42s and hijack a nebelwerfer"
76561198084153717,Recommended,244450,31224282,Posted: 18 April,all,tAnK_SkULL,"Men of War Assault Squad 2is anrts gamethat has touched a part in me that no other games apart fromCall to armsthat has never really come that close. As a teenager I used to make models usingAirfixand once when I was 12/13 years of age I built a model in school from using paper mache.The model representing a typical no mans land ofWorld War 1.I constructed the map on a large oblong wooden board. I used matchsticks for designing the wooden floors inside trenches and very thin wire scrunched up for a barbed wire effect with painted matchsticks that would ideally serve as wooden poles for keeping the barbedwire together creating an appropriate realism.When I would take the model home I would sit there for hours repositioning my plastic soldiers and vehicles that I had bought or made usingAirfix.The fun times I had then thinking back now makes me realise much more how grateful I am to own such a wonderful creation in my games library. My imagination then as a teenager is exactly the same now as when I build mymapsfor theMen of war Assault  Squad 2 Workshop.As I always get that exact same blueprint thrill now as I did when I was much younger.The best part aboutMen of War Assault Squad 2is theSteam Community Workshop.The amount of goodies on there is basically agamers paradisefor updating theirMOWAS2.Think of it like this.If the games updates suddenly ceased on the developers side, well theSteam Workshopcarry on the updating process for many years to come like the new generation of gamers say 20/30 years from now. I always like to think how myworkshop mapsbeing still appreciated by the future generation of new gamers to the growing compilation ofMen of War.Also the whole point of theSteam Workshopis that themodificationsthere is a great contribution for keepingMen of War Assault Squad 2alive & strong for many years to come as they serve as updates for the game anyway. Check out theSteam Workshopherehttp://steamcommunity.com/app/244450/workshop/Men of War Assault Squad 2is a game that has saved me so many times when wanting to feel that old feeling again as I did when building my models as a teenager all those years ago. As I said up there no other game has ever really come that close.Thank You so much toDigitalmindsoftfor creating a masterpiece that will always serve its place in the priceless treasure trove of classsicrts games."
76561197986629379,Not Recommended,244450,10421127,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Vali,Do not buy this game. Its a poorly redone version of AS1 - its a pure rip off intended to force people from as1 to their lobby after gamespy shut down.Stay far away from their products
,Recommended,244450,24347576,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Ank,"Men of War: Assault Squad 2 is a real-time strategy from Digitalmindsoft, a sequel to Men of War: Assault Squad. It's a micromanagement genre but ever since the first Men of War, Men of War: Assault Squad 2 has been reworked for more bigger battles and easier management while still giving the same challenge for tactics.In gameplay terms, while not so much different from previous titles, not to mention the whole missions from the first Assault Squad are actually here as well, It has been improved so much since release and with patches. For example when your squad is out of ammo, you don't have to actually resupply each of them with inventory control anymore, you can simply call a supply drop with smoke grenade if available, or spawn in a supply truck, each has a resupply ability for your units, even vehicles, as long as it is the right type of supplying units of course. The American airborne drops has also been upgraded, no longer you paradrop a single soldier who will die instantly when he reach the ground, but an actual squad of airborne infantry. Coming with Airborne DLC, now you can play with bots in multiplayer! Even though the bots doesn't really give actual challenge, at least you can have something to play with. Though the bots only available on Assault Zones and Capture the Flag mode. You also get some extra skirmish missions from the vanilla and more from DLC. While there are some improvements, Assault Squad 2 still has much potential to get some extras.The graphics, while at release is not that different from the first Assault Squad, after many patches, it has been greatly improved especially when it comes to unit models and textures like vehicle and tanks, infantry skins now has winter and desert version for their corresponding maps. Overall the graphics has been indeed improved a lot. The performances are not bad, but surely can see some improvements and fixes. While most of the time there is no stutter or lags, in multiplayer somehow the performances like to drop like crazy at sometime. But in singleplayer there is no issues. This is strange since singleplayer are the one who used more processing because there is scripts and more AI.Things that Men of War are very great at are modifications! Men of War: Assault Squad 2 now support Steam Workshops for community made content so there's no need to find them on other site, or upload your creation elsewhere. This also makes downloading modifications more easier than before.Overall, Men of War: Assault Squad 2 is quite solid for a sequel, I recommend this!Rating 8/10"
,Not Recommended,244450,12836475,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,KillDeer,"It's sad that the developers of these games gave up so many years ago.The ""Single player missions"" in this game are boring, storyless multiplayer maps with bad AI. Nothing more. They have no objective other than pushing forward and capturing ""flags""The multiplayer community is small, toxic and crippled by horrible engine optimization and network connection errors. You'll be lucky to ever finish a match in this game without someone lagging out or being kicked by players who refuse to communicate.I'm reinstalling Faces of War and playing the single player campaign again (4th time). I will never buy one of these games again, you've ruined it for yourselves."
,Not Recommended,244450,12895126,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Mumbles,Tiny differences between MoW AS 1 and this. Pretty much a copy and paste
,Not Recommended,244450,9950953,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,JamJon1822,"This game has almost exactly the same types of troops as the first, litraly ALLL THE MISSIONS ARE THE SAME FOR EACH NATION,THEY IS NO CHANGE FOR THE FIRST MISSION FOR ALL THE NATIONS, very dissopointed, but still its worth getting if its on sale but not at 20.00 pounds, very much like the first one exept different mission!!!!!!!!!"
76561197981159678,Recommended,244450,22860138,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Dr Strangelove,"Men of War: Assault Squad 2 is an effort to produce a WW2 RTS that feels authentic, vehicles and soldiers have ammunition, weapons have their characteristics modelled accurately and armour penetration chances too. This then leads to wider considerations such as logistics on the battlefield, the careful selection of units and your force composition etc. The singleplayer campaigns for the five playable nations will break you in nicely ready for multiplayer, and multiplayer has a variety of modes such as; co op skirmishes, vicotry point matches and comabt matches. The graphics and effects look really nice but can be a drain if the system is getting on a bit, so be warned before cranking it up to ultra! Other features such as direct control mode allow a single unit, from a lowly rifleman to a 50 ton tank, to contorlled directly by the player - aiming weapons, steering/ movement etc - thus providing a finer degree of control over more specialised vehicles/ situations. Would certainly recommend if you want something inbetween COH 1/2 and more serious games like the Combat Mission series."
76561198066179676,Recommended,244450,33542712,Posted: 14 July,all,TheGhostOfKarlMarx,"All the reviewers upset that this is just a repackaged and updated version of the first game, I mean you're not wrong but c'mon. For anyone who's just getting the game, this is the most complete, best looking version. And it's a great, challenging, realistic strategy game, and hilarious fun with friends."
,Not Recommended,244450,10152120,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,⋙Skaface™⋘,"Forword:Im a bit disappointed. I recently started to play the Men of War Franchise so im not to familiar with the Series but AS2 is basically AS with a bit better graphics, worse performance, some good changes like Squad Resupply (or atleast i think this is new). For the Skirmishes most of them are just the Skirmishes from AS2. Now I know that this Game should be played in MP but Im not to fond of RTS MP Games I rather play SP so I was really disappointed and feel a bit scammed.All my Experience is from the SP. I havent touched the MP yet.The Good:- Graphics and Effects are nice- AI is great and challenging- New Units- Squad Resupply- better Pathfinding- dotted walk/run Line for your Movement- Cover Ghosts are more Accurate. Atleast it feels like it.- some good new Skirmishes- Matchmaking System- Steam Workshop- The Bad:- Lots of reused Skirmishes of the previous AS Game- The Performance got worse- Vehicle behaviour when your not controlling them i.e. shooting HE Rounds and Infantry while beeing bombarded by an enemy Tank and so on-- My Rig:- i7 2600- GTX 670- Game runs on SSD- Everything Maxed and 4x AA- too similar to AS to justify the purchase- The Ugly:- Matchmaking seems to be broken or no one uses it.- MP seems dead. When i looked there were 3 games with 10ppl playing.So for me I would rather say buy AS1, its a better bang for your buck at the moment."
76561198089650797,Recommended,244450,21373215,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Sad Pepe,"My favorite game on WW2Positives:+ Every unit is important, everyone has his own inventory, ammo, grenades and bandages for wounds.+ Manual control of any unit.(Yes, you as the shooter to run on A/W/S/D to shoot and aiming with the mouse!)+ Damage system great equipment, the tank can damage: tracks, engine, turret or gun, and can kill crew - further damaged tank can be repaired and used against the enemy - great!(But nobody cancelled the explosion of the fuel tanks against fire and explosion of the ammo rack)+ On the map can contain a huge number of units.+ The developers did not throw the game out a major update every 3-4 months.+ In multiplayer you still play :3+ You can share with friends to pass the mission.+ Open access to the mod from steam workshop.+ The longer units alive and the more enemies they defeat, the more experienced they become, making them even more important.+ Excellent voice for every nation.+ 414 in-game achievements!!!Negative sides:- OMG 414 in-game achievements.........- The clumsy animation of the infantry, the graphics are not bad, but not the best.- Sometimes there are bugs with the physics (but they are extremely rare, although it may be already fixed)- The average daily online only 1000-1500 people.- With Addons there are 10 missions for each of the 4 Nations, but they're all the same(differ only in maps) and no plot as such.Result: 11 pros vs. 5 cons"
76561198030176685,Not Recommended,244450,9201449,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Kaustek,"First off I am going to write this review assuming you have played the original MoW:AS.1.)  It has stepped up and offers outstanding graphics compared to the original. (The dirt is so beautiful)2.)  The AI is human-like and fluctuates on its reactions as the battelfield changes. (Hiding in impact craters, using tank husks as cover)3.)  It offers a few new maps (as far as the Beta is concerned). It also has a few old ones.4.)  All the sounds, music, and textures are recycled from the original.That's about it in regards to being different to MoW: ASThe second part of this review will be to describe the MoW experience to those that have yet to play this game.1.)  The game is brutal, and unforgiving. (not your typical RTS) You must use your resources wisely as you only get so much and to recover mistakes mid game is almost impossible.2.)  This game stresses on hardcore realism in regards to bullet penetration and physics. (Tank rounds will bounce off certain tanks and shred others.)3.)  If your infantry is not in cover, they are already dead. (Tactical placement of infantry is the key to victory.)4.)  This game is basically as real as war can get.5.)  If you press down your Ctrl key you are able to manually control and operate any unit. (This is a big plus to the RTS genre.)All in all it is a decent game, however for the fans of the original, you may be disappointed with this new release as it has little to no changes gameplay-wise. However, if you are new to the series then I suggest you watch a few videos to see if this game is right for you.Update: 3/19/14: 1C has pushed this game back yet again for the second time since they collected for preorders. The game is now available for Early Access, not recommended, although my review above still stands true."
,Recommended,244450,30878313,Posted: 1 April,all,Eat_The_Cake,"Pretty fun, gets a little boring after awhile. I reccommend getting mods to keep it fun.Graphics: Could be betterFun: YesOnline: Yes"
76561197992555675,Not Recommended,244450,9953025,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,The Big Red Bear,"In its current form, the multiplayer, which is really the meat of this series, is completely unplayable. Every game someone drops. Every game lags. The ""New"" Engine appears to be responsible, at least to me. It's unstable as Hell, and this is really disappointing. My system specs are exceptional as well, so I doubt its my i7 and GTX 680. Or everyone else's rig.I regret my purchase in the extreme, because this is so unpolished. There is a difference between Early Access and the garbage that this has turned out to be. It's a shame, because the series used to be quite good, and as of right now, after hours of playing, I've successfully had one game that didn't have someone drop.Avoid if you're into Multiplayer. Avoid like the plague."
,Not Recommended,244450,9857895,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,iToaster,"I'm an open minded person, and I love games of all genres. I have a particular love for RTS games, and found the original Men of War Assault Squad to be very fun to play, if a little on the shallow side for graphics, optimization, and a terrible AI system. With AS2 promising to fix all these, it seemed like a good idea at the time.Needless to say, I was very disappointed with it. I haven't logged too much time into this game because not only have the graphics barely improved aside from what seems to be better graphics quite literally MIXED IN with the older, crappy graphics at random (first mission of soviets, nuff said), it's now poorly optimized to the point that my hex-core 3.5 ghz computer with 64 gigs of ram and twin GTX titans will lag and, if it isn't lagging and actually running a solid 60 fps, FREEZE every few seconds for about a second. The UI is exactly the same as before, the AI is still not AI in my opinion as scripts should not count, and I was greeted with a lazy menu that used the same music and style of the previous game! The in-game music is the same too, voice acting has barely improved and only in CERTAIN areas, and on top of that the game pulled a stunt going from beta to early access without more than 1 day's notice. The only area that seems to have improved in a truly useful way is the multiplayer, which now uses steam instead of an external service, as well as steam workshop support for easy access to mods and maps, which I will give it credit for adding - these are much needed to this game and all games in general as Gamespy is going down and workshop just increases replayability of ANY title massively and will likely lead to me playing this game quite a bit more to enjoy workshop content.I am not saying the men of war series of games are bad, because they are very fun to play. I am saying that this game should not be counted as a sequel to the first game - it is at best an expansion (with the majority of its content being from AS1), and does not live up to what I had expected in the slightest from this title as a full on sequel at the full price of a sequel."
,Not Recommended,244450,9221551,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,OztinCloud,"As of right now in beta. It isn't looking good. The game looks like a direct copy of its predecessor in looks and gameplay and i personally definitely hope this is a NEW game not a copy of the old game with some added maps. As far as i see it needs work. Yes, it's in beta. But i see no evidence of any new features of anything significantly impressive about the '2' in the game. You can play the two side by side and hadly be able to tell the difference between them. Except that this second version's maps are broken and the AI can be a lot stupider than before. It looks and plays fine on difficulties easy and normal. But is lacking the realistic aspect this game is going for when you play on expert mode. Bushes do not give you cover and the enemy AI have aim that you can only beat when you take direct control of a unit. As im going through the game this is my initial opinion based on the completion of the first campaign. I have high hopes and i love the first Men of War. But when they released a sequal i was hoping for something better. Like maybe more focus on the Vietnam era? Or the Korean War? As the second world war seems to very extremely overdone. But no matter what i will always buy and play the sequals to any Men of War title as it's an amazing game overall. As of now, if you are interested in the game buy it now while it's on sale and enjoy it when they start shelling some patches. But if you want the buy this game as a newcomer of the Men of War games go for the first game as it's a lot more fun and enjoyable.EDIT: 2:18 PM One hour laterGame ended up crashing on me a few times midway into a mission. sequence error. Ive seen people having this problem constantly as well in the reviews including the one that the developer team deleted themselves. Which out of context, i think that review had been pretty honest and the developers' flagging response did seem pretty petty. But otherwise this game has many more errors now that i see. And it still is the same game as before. Same mission plots as well. Such as Germany Mission 1. A defence mission exactly like MoW 1 US mission 3 where you defend the Phillipines. Which by the way has an INFAMOUS history of crashing. The Phillipines on MoW 1 was unplayable in multiplayer. Which brings me to suggest you may need to readvise how you put together your defending missions, as of right now the reveiw is still for people to wait until buying this game if they want the full experience.EDIT 2/25 8:02 PM 24 Hrs of gameplayI enjoy the game and it's a great game. Still do not recommend to people who are just getting into the men of war games. But one thing i definitely keep in heart is ""If you want to have the best possible Men of War experience we strongly recommend to wait for the full game. Playing the beta is at your own risk and you will very likely encounter issues that are not present in the final version."" From the developers news of the people preordering getting open beta access. I agree 100% and i definitely appreciate the honesty because it basically can sum up my review, being wary that it is a beta, but one thing i would like to reiterate is the fact that they need to make sure it has a significant difference in gameplay or AI rather than something people can claim to be a 'copy and paste' game.EDIT 2/25 12:21 AMGame is finished, Looks good, Plays good, But i still say that you should buy the first one and play through it first. As in my opinion it is better, and or the same exact game. If you already have the first one. Definitely buy this, specially if it goes up for sale.EDIT: 7/16/2015 1:34 AMThey're releasing overly priced DLCs to make up for the fact that the game was an exact copy of the first game even still. Yes i love Assault Squad. But i disagree with the cash grabs that the developers are choosing to go through with. I have to pay $9.99 to have a feature that should have been in the base game. AI players? Third person mode? Base game tanks? MORE singleplayer missions? PLEASE stop trying to take my money and give me a game I will enjoy and continue to play even past it's time. I sure hope the developer comes to their senses and stops charging people for features that belong in the base game.My OVERALL opinion. Don't buy this game. Buy the much mroe completed first version for cheaper, and if you like that version, invest in this second version because this still remains to be a large DLC of the first game."
76561198116512868,Not Recommended,244450,17036004,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,[VI] Da Man,"Im a big fan of the MoW series, and Assualt Squad 2 is no exception with its amazing gameplay, but the multiplayer is sadly the downfall of the game itself. The game, just like its predecesors, has a bit of a learning curve with it. The rewards of learning can be of a great benefit and makes the game a whole lot more fun.Now lets talk about the single player aspect first before the multiplayer. The single player portion of the game is pretty good, with four difficulty levels ranging from easy to hard, and you can tell the difference from easy being a cake walk to hard... being just about impossible unless you know every little thing there is to know about the game. But man, can it be incredibly fun. You have five different factions to choose from with several skirmish missions to try for each. Each faction has thier own style making each one very unique to the other. You can play all of these missions by yourself or together on multiplayer. With single player you can pause the game, slow down the speed, or even speed things up. There are a few mods out there that can really spice the game up as well, which can be played by both single or mulitplayer.The multiplayer is possible the only bad thing about this great game. The community is very small and many games that are hosted are either locked by passwords, or your kicked as soon as you enter the lobby. This can make you spend hours just trying to find or create a game instead of playing it. Every blue moon you might actually find a decent group of players who like to play the game for fun and not competitively to the point where they kick you becuase your rank is to low or to high.When you do get a game you may find that it sometimes lags pretty bad. The ping can be horrendous at times even with just 2 people, but then again you can find a game where there is no sign of lag at all, even with a group of 8 people! The games themselves mostly rely on a individual's own internet connection and not a dedicated server.The multiplayer is actually a lot of fun if you can find a group or have a few friends that like to play, but going in alone with the community thats on right now is terrible. The multiplayer was one of the main factors for me getting this game in the first place, and im sadly disappointed by the outcome.If you don't care for the multiplayer portion or have a group of friends to play with on here, then its a great game that i recommend buying, but if multiplayer is a big deal, then you better pass up on this until something changes with the community thats on right now. It is really a shame."
,Recommended,244450,15069013,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,shield_guard,"The Men of war series are great WW2 RTS games, reasonably realistic, balanced and historically accurate when compared to other similar games in the genre.Overview:Assault Squad 2 is more of a standalone expansion, in a sense that it builds on the previous titles and stays true to the format, rather than changing it to the point that it loses what makes it great. The game is both fun and challenging, with an added educational aspect with the inclusion of units, vehicles, and weapons of which may help you gain a better understating of their roles in the second world war.What's new?:An entirely  new feature to Assault Squad 2 is the soldiers now gather experience for their actions, increasing their effectiveness on the battle field, whereas previously long standing soldiers would run out of ammo and may become deadweight, or a micro management calamity. Ammo boxes and supply trucks now generate a field to resupply soldiers and weapons in the nearby vicinity, making it easier to manage your units, particularly in heated or drawn-out engagements.Features:One feature of the MOW series worth mentioning is the game speed control function, the ability to scale several different speeds during the game is a great feature. It is particularly useful for micro managing things such as soldiers inventory, mine laying, vehicle/weapon repair and the use of medics. It is also very helpful to players new to the game, and also to just observe the action in slow motion close up.Assault Squad 2 has mod support, with an in game menu to activate/de-activate them as you please, as well as a Steam workshop, where you can download mods with the click of a button, no messy installations or file overwrites. What gives the game increased longevity is the modding community, they allow you to expand on your experience and add new scenarios, some of which even exceed the games original campaign.Verdict:Although the game is not 100% finished, the graphics and textures are improved, but visually is not especially different to the previous titles, at this point the levels for all factions are quite similar for each campaign, and the stealth missions are a bit redundant.If you are new to the MOW series, or are a fan of them, then I would recommend Assault Squad 2. If you have played early titles such as Assault Squad 1 and it did not leave you wanting more, than this may not be for you, or you may just want to wait for it to go on special to try for yourself.At the end of the day one must remember that this is a game, made for entertainment, and games differ from reality, if you want reality then simply head outside. Have a nice day :)"
,Not Recommended,244450,14212757,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,SliceofNow,Not really worth it if you already own the first Assault Squad.
76561198002053619,Not Recommended,244450,12862517,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Klavs,The game is very much the same Assault Squad game as it was before. After playing it a few hours I realy can't tell the difference.The only hope is that community will produce some quality content for this game.The best mod for the original Assault Squad was Dynamic Campaign Generator.I hope the DCG mod will be ported for this version also.
,Not Recommended,244450,11976275,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Thuko,"This game was released like 4 months ago, and it was so buggy that it was virtually unplayable. Now, there is basically no new content in comparison to MoW:AS. They have recycled the same maps, and added a matchmaking that works about 10% of the time.I pre-bought this game, waiting for a great sequel to a magnificent game. Biggest disappointment 2014."
,Not Recommended,244450,11887095,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Charles.,"I feel like this game is exactly the same as the last one, I feel like I've just bought a DLC pack and not a new game. However the multiplayer statistics are good to ponder over and analyse but overall this game is a dissapointment. Still love the series though."
76561198038443259,Not Recommended,244450,11902106,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,John316,overall i bought it thinking it was a brand new game with all new units and everything but it is not it is basically a retextured MOW assault sqaud with a few upgrades so if you own the first one i wouldnt buy this version.ps. im not a big multiplayer fan so if you love multiplayer in mow this will probibly be worth it for you.
76561198158014917,Recommended,244450,25983363,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Where's UncleSam,"endless mods, endless..."
76561198026843374,Not Recommended,244450,14497270,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,amgen9,"If this is your first Assualt Squad, yes it is a fun game.Pros- Decent multiplayer community- Is rather fun for a little while singleplayer-wise- Decent workshop community pumping out plenty of modsCons- Developers seemingly did not and do not listen to customers when we told them what we wanted in this sequel.- A glorified engine upgrade to Assualt Squad 1 that still runs worse and is still not optimized.- Most units and maps are copy/paste from AS1 (Devs even stated not every unit will be remade)- Multiplayer is buggy, laggy, and the MM does not like you.- Missing basic features of nearly every other modern RTS (Non mission skirmish mode for starters)- DLC created to sell you the previously mentioned basic features at insane prices (10$ for Replay ability and 5 small missions!)- DLC apparently prioritized over optimizationAll in all, is it a good game? Yes in its core. But I believe the devs are doing very shoddy work behind it and its a victim of their ineptitude. I may change this review later, based on what the game becomes, but for now I say vote with your wallet, and vote no."
76561198007124520,Not Recommended,244450,10160853,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,gman,"Downloaded, tried to play, 3 times it would hang at the same spot, 18% which to get to takes 2 mins so i am not sure if this game downloads itself each time you try to play lol.Anyway, a game that takes ages to load, hang 1st to 3rd time you try to play is made by utter incompetent programmers with no quality control (i have 50+ other steam games that DOES work)"
,Not Recommended,244450,14399135,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,-=Schutzenbauer=-,THE ULTIMATE GAME RIP-OFF OF 2014Same game as Men of War: Assault Squad ($10) with a working multiplayer for $30 !
,Not Recommended,244450,10133855,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Paul,"The game is very very laggy and poorly optimized. I can play Men of War : Assault Squad on all of the absolute highest settings, but I can't play this game on all of the lowest settings. The gameplay is about the same, with about 3 new units overall and some new maps that all seem to be from free user made map packs available for download and play with Assault Squad. There have been several units removed for seemingly no reason which does nothing to further the gameplay."
,Not Recommended,244450,10928231,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Burnz,"Problems;-Anything over 200ms online lags extremely bad (could play AS1 on low b/w 500ms+)-Random crashing, opposed to grenade explosion (AS1)-All large tanks nerfed (apparently to fix balances issues on 2 maps, there is 60+ other maps which are now ruined)-Water shader looks terrible and really distracting (looks like a mirror opposed to water)-Matchmaker does not work correctly, can take up to 45 mins to get a game, even with 1,000 people in the system-Nothing new added to the game-The new camera center on units is a little confusing as it doesn't actually center your units (rather bottom center).So AS2 in all has been a patch the community has had to pay for and has done nothing but wreck the game."
,Recommended,244450,23424253,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,EclipseUK,"Great RTS for a ""pop-in-and-play"" session however the this game is in my opinion just a reskin of assault squad 1, i prefer this game over assault squad 1 due to the better UIPros1. Good UI2. Challening AI3. Okay cover system (its mediore because it sometimes is a bit buggy)Cons1. Hard to start a multiplayer game as almost everyons is what seems to be a pro2. Russian tanks are OPAF"
76561198079641060,Not Recommended,244450,12872935,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Dawson-Crew,"Hmm well Men of War Assault Squad 2 is some what disappointing. Being that Assault Squad 2 should not be considered as a new game more like an add-on, expansion or update. if you have Assault Squad 1 play it instead because there's so little that was added only like 5 co-op maps. Now with that out of the way I love WW2 games and the Men of War series as well so the people that do not have Assault Squad 1 I say buy this ""new game"" MOW is one of the best WW2 RTS ever. What was added that i have seen fixes, some maps, steam worckshop, texture updates, (not much of one) audio update, explosions look better, new co-op game play 1 map for each nation (5) and some i can't think of or not worth adding. The reason im not recommending it is because i have Men of War Assault Squad 1."
76561198068595002,Recommended,244450,23699441,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,konosmgr,"I'll be damned, this game has improved vastly over the past 6 months."
,Recommended,244450,25216970,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Lundy,"-spawns in with 10 infantry-piles into transport truck-captures three points-moves into the city-Americans flank and take all my points-Americans slaughter my squad-realize I haven't spent any points-calls in every tank, APC, and foot soldier-blitzkriegs through every point-America surrenders-gets a squad of 10 foot soldiers-individually controls an officer-goes around individually executing Americans with a P38-firing squads the restNeed I say more?"
76561198005594508,Not Recommended,244450,12885093,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,m32gunner,"So yeah. As same opinion as many other curators. It's Probably not deserve to be named sequel, but still a 'Men of War™', a.k.a. most authentic WW2 RTS with strong basis from old ones. If you have enjoyed this franchise or haven't played before, you may feel free to purchase it. (Also it is the only way to play the public PvP multiplayer of MoW series in practice bacause of In-game population matters.)DO NOT PLAY RANKED MATCH if you just here for fun. It's just 'Another screwed-up RTS w/ Unlocks-by-Level system™'. Also haven't gets any better with it's horrible vehicle navigations and skirmish AI at all.(steering, targetting,  name it!)+ Also finally, replay system soon to be coming with DLC.++ Wait a second, Improved UI for Deluxe upgrade? JFC, i never expect you guys were genius for making business!"
76561198024232152,Not Recommended,244450,10439697,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Erk,"As it stands, I cannot recommend the game. I am a long time fan of the series, having played since the release of Faces of War quite a few years ago. It is the same gameplay as AS1, except that it is, at least for now (June '14), the lag makes it impossible for me to play MP. As far as I know, this is a common issue and it was certainly not a problem in AS1.As another reviewer said, little more than an update and bad one."
,Not Recommended,244450,10186489,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,⊰Novalistrïa⊱,same has the first one seriouslyits full bugged lag crash for nothing.Past this one dont waste money !!!
76561198021515872,Recommended,244450,30768416,Posted: 27 March,all,Johnny Appleseed,"I have made some of the most realistic, heart wrenching, elongated battles ever seen with pure enjoyment as i watch hundreds get mowed down by lines of machine guns"
76561197997911889,Not Recommended,244450,9224641,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Sharky,"This  game have  0 improvements over Assul squad. Sure they say that there are major improvements in engine and all.. but you dont see that, those improvements are to the game engine not to the game. its basically Assult Squad 1.2 . Worth spending money on it? Yes if youre hardcore fan of this series or never played before this type of games, no if you're anybody else.I have question to devs.. how this game is different from MOW? couple years passed and you people keep making same game over and over and over.. another dev team that had 1 idea in their lifetime and keep re-doing it until nobody will buy it i guess?You have the graphic engine? how about adding something new to it? strategy level? no? to hard to think about it?Personally i dont see difference between MOW and Assault Squad 2.Quote from dev blog : ""However, please keep in mind this is not Men of War 2, but Assault Squad 2, so do not expect a totally different game. We never promised such, nor will we "" hehe.. meaning its same garbage game like previous one.Like men of war and assult squad are different much lol.Yeah you keep re-doing same game for another 10 years...we see how you gonna end up."
76561198006786631,Not Recommended,244450,14544254,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Joker,"I might recommend this game if the developer/producer of this game had actually worked accountably to provide an updated experience to MoW AS... the first one, which is almost exactly the same as the last one. There is very little new material in AS2 that wasn't already there in the first one. Additionally, The first AS is not much different from the first MoW, which wasn't much different from Faces of War. Admittedly, I never played FoW, but its not much different than Soldiers: Heroes of World War II. Go watch a video on youtube and you'll see what I mean.Aside from the fact that I have bought MoW, Red Tide, MoWAS and MoWAS II. The graphics are the same in each. Only a few gameplay features have changed over time.They just released a DLC for $6. I have had it. That should have gone into the MOWAS2 as a free DLC at the least. The devs are not accountable. You have to try really hard to imagine even a single person developing full time for DMS."
76561198007324689,Not Recommended,244450,9582348,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Chorak,"This is a difficult review to write. However, if you have played Men of War Assault Squad I then you have played Men of War Assault Squad II. The gameplay is still fun, it is still a great strategy game. However, the missions, graphics, and gameplay are very identical. The other frustrating part is that the missions for all practically the same."
,Recommended,244450,29516827,Posted: 27 January,all,SickPuppy,"Men Of War: Assault Squad 2 is a brilliant game, with graphics that are mostly still up to date, fun gameplay and a multiplayer that you can have lots of fun with (If you know how to use it). The Editor is hard to use, but once you get the hang of it you can create your own missions."
,Not Recommended,244450,10091541,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Red00vengsent,"They call this Assault Squard 2, but this game basicly is Assault Squard 1 with updated UI, some new model, and re-worked campaign(which still sucks anyway). You can barely find anything new in this updated version of AS1. this is bullshxt, developer these day lose their faith and passion on game developing but became money vacuumed & blood sucking vampire.Men of War used to be a great strategy game, it points a new way of how to make a realistic WWII strategy game playable and fun. Yes it does lack of great voice acting in singleplayer campaign, but at least present us a actual story line but not this kind of ""general thank goood you have arrrrived"" thing. It's just lame.I suggest anyone who is new to this franchise stick with original Men of war; MoW: Red Tidd; MoW: vietnam. Even Condemned Heroes were better than this. If you interested in multiplayer, Assault Squard 1 was enough for you. Buy this only if you don't even borther to try any of the other Men of War games or while it's 90% off.Im dead fkin serious!Update: After Men of War Assault Squard 2 last update, it seems the game finally got its full release, but you wanna know how lazy they are? they even re-using original assault squard tutorail as bounes mission in AS2! How genius! Not to metion, all campaign mission they add up last update belongs to original Assault squard, too, and of couse with abusolute no change."
76561198020862298,Recommended,244450,32862702,Posted: 27 June,all,SovietBear [INF],Awesome game!!Just like Company of Heroes.If you like making WW2 battles etc. this is a game for you!Review : 10/10
76561198012327669,Not Recommended,244450,13656861,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Darman74🐫,This game is the exact copy of men of war assault squad 11/10 IGN
,Not Recommended,244450,11891398,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Death From Above,"A huge disappointment, one of the most promised games got totally ruined.This is an absurd. Steam should deny 1C for selling this joke. It`s not a sequel, it`s the first game called ""2"" with same old maps and some new. They promised no multiplayer lag and fail, it`s the same as the first. They promised good single player campaign maps, AND AFTER THE FIRST MISSION THAT IS NEW, EVERYTHING ELSE IS THE SAME. What a waste of opportunity and lealty 1C had. It`s incredible how I and many other players feel like we were completely deceived. Please don`t buy this, don`t feed dishonest and deceiving projects."
76561198004211145,Not Recommended,244450,10190450,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Muny30,this game is a waste of money and barely adds any content compared to the first assault squad
,Recommended,244450,23001702,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,mo asal,"do you like WWII simulators? do you like RTS games? do you like controling a BIG army of troops,tanks and airoplanes? well this might be the game for you,easy to play hard to master and all for a reasonable price.you should buy it!"
76561198003405775,Not Recommended,244450,12858162,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,misosoup,"graphic ,damage systems,sound,many weapons is really great.but there are many bad point.1.Resupply is not done automatically.You must do all of resupply by yourself.2.in Multiplayer,there are terrible lag.3.You Cant run a dedicated server.only listen server(unstabel,laggy,heavy CPU/GPU/Mem load)4.in Multiplayer,you cant buy Units for certain Players.Units are distributed AUTOMATICALLY.5.Replay is not Free.It's DLC.6.There are no Tutorial/Weapon list.7.you cant make a hole to cover the Soldiers/AA guns/Tanks.8.Units always get stack.9.AI is extremely Dumb10.The Developers are going to make a New Game without FIx those defectsIf you want a game which has a good Graphics,this game is Great.But if you want a game which has a good Game Systems,this game is not Great."
,Not Recommended,244450,16204130,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,ShoNe,"Men of War: Assault Squad 2:-Multiplayer Laggy-Units won't shoot alone-Must do everything on direct controlMen of War: Assault Squad is still a lot better than Men of War: Assault Squad 2,so fix multiplayer for it please..."
,Recommended,244450,28515073,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,SomeOneElse9898,"I am personally a fan of strategy games, more turn based then real time but this game is the best RTS game I have ever played, it has so much detail and there so many things you can (but don't have to) micromanage and as my friends has proven to me more than enough times than having knowledge of guns and tanks helps a lot in this game, the way I pick what tank to use is I look at the expensive ones and pick the one that looks the coolest or the one that has the coolest name, but my friends looks at the name and immediately knows where it's from, what year it was made, what ammo it it uses and he always knows which tank will work against what ever I have, which is frustrating but it proves that the amount of detail and realism that is in this game."
76561198006420668,Not Recommended,244450,16399947,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,|51st|.Rgl.Goodall,Multiplayer always crashes. Dev's don't care to fix it.
,Recommended,244450,22834406,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,[KW] MIKOYAN,This game is my life :D
76561198047621393,Recommended,244450,28510068,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Wolf8312,"Men of War Assault squad 2 (or just MOW) is in mine and many other Men Of War fans opinion the best RTS ever made and especially in comparison to games that got much greater acclaim (company of heroes) -criminally underrated. It is very much a realistic RTS in that tactics are very similar to how they were on a real WW2 battlefield.  I have 520 hours on the game and bear in mind I have been playing this game since the first Men of War was released.MOW is at least compared to games such as company of heroes very realistic.  On tanks  for example there are no silly health bars to pound away at, and if you want to destroy a tank that is too powerful there are a number of options. Get behind him, flank him, or send in a commando with a rocket or grenade. That one man slowly crawling towards your hated online enemy (and in MOW while playing and especially losing you will despise your enemy!) can decide the whole outcome of the battle. Winning a battle especially against a smug but accomplished friend can leave you on a high all day and losing make you feel terribly bitter! Infantry is realistic too each soldier will have his powers and weaknesses but all soldiers caught out in the open will be obliterated if they come up against an enemy who is well dug in.In MOW it pays to be patient and keep calm but as the anger rises when things go wrong people tend to lose their heads and just charge their enemies neck throwing everything they possibly can at their opponent. This is a sure-fire way to lose and although fortune does indeed very often favour the brave and daring initiative you really do have to carefully think about what you are doing and surprise your enemy.  Very much like real war a good commander will have a good temperament and not be irritated or angered by his opponent keep calm and react well to his enemies’ choices.  I on the other had am more prone to raging buffoonery!One of the most important things in MOW is to control the map and have eyes everywhere and therefore know in advance everything your enemy is up too. A good opponent though will know this too and you will probably end up in a bitter struggle for every inch of earth! When you start up a MP game you will know very quickly the sort of opponent you are up against. Noobs will stay in there one precious flag attempting to turn it into their own personal Maginot line but good players will attack everywhere at once. Playing a good player can be soul destroying and you will think back lovingly to the last noob you crushed belatedly realizing how hollow your own sense of omnipotence had been. In MOW there are some seriously good players and a thousand different strategies.MOW is a game in which you must make choices and react appropriately to your enemies’ choices. There are countless variations of playstyles -aggressive and defensive- and online you will encounter many different people and nationalities who will employ many different styles of play and battle tactics.  For example Chinese players play very well and very defensively. Defensive tactics work terribly for many of us MOW veterans but the Chinese can make it work. They have a system of which each step seems to have been meticulously worked out before hand and they don’t tend to deviate from the plan seeming to have a fastidious understanding of the tank positioning they are using as well as the armour and penetration statistics etc.Honestly it’s the best RTS ever made in my opinion but online it’s also one of the most white knuckle and tensest gaming experiences I have ever had. A real heart in the mouth experience especially when playing a close friend it can often actually be a little bit too tense, but when you want to relax and have fun you can play 2v2 or 3v3 with other people.If you have never played this game before I highly recommend buying Men Of War Assault Squad origins as you will get the original single player campaign (an excellent campaign btw) as well as all of the MOW AS 2 multiplayer components but upgraded to the modern graphics engine.In short despite the fact it was always ignored by the mainstream media best RTS ever made and many people in the community agree with me. If only more RTS developers would follow its example."
,Not Recommended,244450,9228878,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Just James,"Very disappointing, it's just improved land graphics. Nothing else, two new maps, the rest from the original assault squad. Character models still look crappy, new voices, tanks look too shiny. So disappointed..."
76561198035336024,Not Recommended,244450,11927101,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,pontus maximus(KHAGAN),the game is like a copy paste the maps are the same graphics almost the same just few improvements
76561198005317126,Not Recommended,244450,11048182,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,fifteenracing,If you liked its predecessor then this is a good game. It is however almost indistinguishable from the first Men of War game. Even the missions appear the same!
76561198001980616,Not Recommended,244450,12009234,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Roggle,"Clone of the first game, stay far away"
76561198065656911,Not Recommended,244450,11899998,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Frogurt97,"The game is just like MoW 1 and even has a few of the exact same skirmish missions. Multiplayer takes a while to find a game though like the first game the gameplay is good and easily playable.Dont get the game if you have the first as their is no real difference. =), And their seems to be a lack of attraction to the skirmishes in various nations if youve played the first game."
76561198009133739,Not Recommended,244450,10518569,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Ottawa Ronin,"Horrible! Unbelievable that they would re-release this as a new game. It's exactly, EXACTLY!!! the same as the original Assault Squad. Complete rip-off and a waste of time and money. I will never buy a game from this studio or these developers again."
76561198014916577,Not Recommended,244450,10173811,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,legalmdcartwright,"Well, where to start.....I have every Men of War game, including the lame Red Tide and limited Vietnam. What about MoWAS2?It is actually a very POOR revamp of the original game, you may ask why?I have started the USA campaign, only to find its actually the first game only worse.You can't move the map, the game stutters like its having a fit.The stupid vehicle run into everything going and flip over rendering them useless.The other games had a unload option, this doesn't, the map options appear to be limited.This is not a singeplayer aimed game its actuallly more geared to get everyone online to battle it out.I have nothing against online battles, but they could have actually come up with something new, they haven't.Very disappointed...almost wish I hadn't bought this now, ok there may the odd different mission further in the campaigns, but this isn't enough. Whats happened to the originallity of the other games?Whats with the stupid icons over the top of the units? They only get in the way, so when you click on a unit you end up with a unit you never collected......please !!!So to recap...nothing but a revamp with awful attempts to add things that become unwanted,....I'm going back to the original MoW and MoWAS at least the developers tried to do something...unless things change, its been a waste of money and the game will probably just sit in my library unplayed.DISSAPOINTED MoW fan...."
76561198001728276,Not Recommended,244450,10148992,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Elvis,"Just bought the game cause the videos und the pics looked good, so I thought... but honestly this game for 30 Euros is just a very bad joke. Graphic sucks (empire earth1), many clipping bugs, mission is always ""conquer the area"", .. if you do so you'll get armored vehicles like tanks, then go on and on and on...without any story.By the way you can order as many units you want ,in case they die. - that is absolutely nonrealistic, you don't need any resources anyway. That makes this game really boring very soon. You don't need tactis also ,cause you have unlimited units.so once you realised that you throw them to the opponent and reorder some new when they died.Other bad thing are the maps.. they always look similar. Your ways to attack the opponent is quite set cause of the tight maps, you haven't much abilitys like to attack the opponents back. Sound is also from very older days, it's hard to seperate gun shots from tank shots. My opinion: the game ain't worth any money.I'm upset cause i wasted so much money. Absolutely not comparable to Company of Heroes, I really never never played such a bad strategic game...I really don't know where all the good reviews come from.."
76561198136920509,Recommended,244450,30935029,Posted: 3 April,all,TIEpilot25,"I'll try and keep this review as short as I can.Men Of War, while very fun, can be frustrating as all get out; If you have a hard time multi-tasking, making snap decisions or Manuvering, this may not be the game for you. If you can and enjoy this, then by all means grab the game during the next steam sale and give it a try. Here are the main Pros and cons I found with MOWAS2PROS: -Wonderful game engine-Excellent graphics(Even on low)-Difficult but rewarding Gameplay-An editor that allows you to do anything you want from changing maps, level building, even goofing around-Can run on a pretty weak system(2.0ghz is the lowest)CONS: -Can be Challanging multiplayer (which is to be expected) ESPECIALLY against Multiplayer Vets-Not as much as the first MOW, but the AI can occaisonally goof up (My medic got out of cover to run to a wall, peek then run back)-To play offline against bots, the Airborn DLC is required"
,Recommended,244450,30793671,Posted: 28 March,all,[The Diddler™] Spooplegeist,"Love the Gem Editor, main reason I got this game is to make my own battles and such. However, tools could be a bit easier to use, and keys could be given to us so we don't have to scour google just to find what we're looking for."
76561198139524865,Recommended,244450,32649226,Posted: 22 June,all,Chickenislyfe,Its great if you like controlling armies of whatever you have against anything you want because sandbox
76561197975732248,Not Recommended,244450,10485939,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,iThrud,"Is this supposed to be a new version of MoW Assault Squad? It doesn't seem any different from the first one. No new content, no new gameplay, just a few bug fixes to the same engine, maps from previous games. I'm annoyed they released this a new version."
76561197968847284,Not Recommended,244450,10165554,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Massiv Igel,The stuttering is anyoing as hell..... it s some kind of micro lag or the bad netcode i don't know but as long as this is during mp games i will not play this game :(in the 21th century it must be possible to make games which do well in mp if not make sp games !!!!
,Not Recommended,244450,16730568,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,sotha chill,"the devs of this game don't even care at this point. they released the same game twice (this is a carbon copy of assault squad 1, you can name the changes on one hand) and they refuse to fix bugs that have been in the game since inception.laggy multiplayer caused by some error within the game has made multiplayer unplayable and constant, unrelenting crashes that are never going to be fixed makes this game worth it only if you have completed assault squad 1 and only want to play singleplayer."
76561198055662360,Recommended,244450,31122705,Posted: 13 April,all,1stEB OdinsBushyBeard Cx,It's damn good
,Recommended,244450,22770156,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,manborg,"The ""game"" is simulation. If you've ever wondered how a King Tiger provoked nothing but terror, what a Bofors cannon would do to a village, or how the MG-42 ambushed it's prey, well this game's for you. It's as graphically stunning as it is enlightening. I've learned more about mid century warfare from this game than any predecessor.  The amount of tools and tanks you get at your disposal leaves nothing to desire. Learn how mortars and MGs compliment each other and utilize single soldiers at the touch of a key.In this game there is ""no god"" or little to no random number generating. If you don't like how a unit is performing hit a key and micromanage it to victory. Hammer windows with high explosive tank rounds and push into crippled landscapes with your wily storm troopers.The games not at fault, the hick-ups lie in the animations and AI. These should not deter your purchase. This game is striving for the moon in realism. It's essentially a WW2 sandbox with a decent campaign and extremely fun multiplayer.When you Play Men of War: Assault Squad 2 you feel as tho you can relate to Rommel. The struggle is real. Those generals had a lot of variables to consider, and now so do you."
76561198049344933,Recommended,244450,33450665,Posted: 11 July,all,Price,Best RTS I have ever played - BUY THIS GAME so I can play it with you
76561198142099129,Recommended,244450,23764131,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,[2.Han.IR]Goldmania™,"First of all, it might seem like I know nothing (like John Snow) at first sight. I've played all of the Men of War series and the elder ones of this game just not in this account. So please read:If you like WWII and RTS like me buy it. But:Do NOT buy it if you want a solid, story rich campaign. If you want that, buy Men of War. If you also don't mind old games, I would also recommend playing the ancestors of this series Soldiers and Faces of War.This game is based on Multiplayer gaming. Do NOT buy it if you don't want that. It only has Skirmish missons as Single Player.(Which I also enjoy playing)This game, like all of the ones in the series, have bugs. But only minor bugs. (And a bad AI) This will never be gone until the engine made this game is changed. But the game is worth it. Don't hesitate to buy and try it out yourself! I just wanted to make a quick review for the newbies."
76561198121527011,Not Recommended,244450,10174003,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,NoSight,NO!
76561198053869092,Not Recommended,244450,10179928,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Loner420,"This game is great till you decide to play pvp.they say its ""VAC secured"" but this is bs there are only 5 to 15 people looking for a game because they have managed to run off all the legit players by cheating.i will not recommend this to anyone until this ""VAC secured "" crap actually works.i found it is very easy to cheat with no consequence on this game wtf.did it just to prove to myself i wasnt crazy.there is no point in playing pvp as a cheater and i will never do so beyond my initial test.but if this isnt enough go ahead and waste ur money so you can get instakilled by invincible infantry im sure you will make thier day :)"
,Recommended,244450,34758415,Posted: 5 September,all,[14A]Shadow,all strategic players must play this gameits so good
,Not Recommended,244450,11501435,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,[BBG] ak3120,"Competitive multiplayer is a complete and utter let-down. With the current way things are set up, almost all of your games will lag/freeze, create delays in unit response time, and rend the game in its current form utterly unplayable."
,Not Recommended,244450,13695332,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Cohj,"When I first started to play this game, I thought to myself.  This has a really familiar feel to it and as I got further and further into the game, I confirmed it. Men of War: Assault Squad 2 is the exact same game as the first one. I'm not saying the mechanics are the same. I'm saying they are literally selling you the exact same game with a two on it. There are a FEW  small differences in the game mechanics but overall, I've seen DLC add more content."
,Not Recommended,244450,16339064,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,ProGamerElite4U,You have to pay for AI.
,Not Recommended,244450,16906446,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Kiro,"If you enjoy getting out of sync or disconnected 85% of the matches you join, this is the game for you, I have quite a bit of time on it so far, it's garbage...I lost 4 tigers in a row to ONE INFANTRY because I couldn't spot it 3-5 FEET near me, in front or behind...developers, your game is beyond good, there's multiple ways to crash game or disconnect, you HAVE NOT tried to fix it, and still haven't said anything about trying...morons..."
76561197976362750,Not Recommended,244450,10371366,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Freaknovich,"Assault Squad 2 is the closest thing to a scam that I have seen on Steam. The whole reason for its existence was to be running on a new engine, with the benefits of better performance and visuals. I was willing to accept this as the only real improvement over the previous MoW games, and that honestly would have been enough for me. However, this game runs just as poorly, if not worse than older games, and hardly looks any better. So not only did the performance never change, everything else has been copy-pasted from the old games. I didn't expect a new game, but I expected a playable game. No matter what kind of hardware you have, it runs horribly. You will be lucky to get a constant 30 fps on a Titan. It actually makes the game unplayable for me, and probably for most people. So without successfully changing anything from Assault Squad 1, these guys re-released it with a number 2 on it actually and have the balls to charge $35 for it! Oh and don't even get me started on the whole early access bait and switch. Products like this are foreshadowing a rather bleak future for Steam in general. I cannot believe Valve are letting companies get away with such fraud."
,Not Recommended,244450,9813132,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,rvyne,"I'm so disappointed with this game after a good review I was convince to buy it coz i'm fan of   RTS (simulation, war base) game so I bought it to play and feel like cheated the review seems of scale but the game experience really the opposite.There isn't real skirmish in game everything seems a mission, campaign on  different faction has all similar mission just been modified little bit it's really a  bit annoying no thought giving on it. It's no challenge and not innovative.  it's still buggy and always giving me out of memory  on my game and I have good hardware lol.I can't seems find aswell opponent on multiplayer not sure maybe because im in southeast asia? and few player or it feels like ♥♥♥♥?  The opposite there is a lot of workshop mission and map but right now? I cant recommend it not sure why I bother to bought it without downloading crack version to test it before getting♥♥♥♥♥♥off... haiz."
,Not Recommended,244450,10823905,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Sandypeaches,Very little has changed since assault squad 1. Not recommended.
,Not Recommended,244450,10211228,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,combatadam,"its ok... but im damed if i can tell the difference between assault squad 1 & 2, apart from 2 uses lots more system resources"
76561198122744119,Not Recommended,244450,11877536,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Edelweiss,"You cant just fight Ai like in any other RTS like Wargame: Red dragon. Really disappointed, thats how I like to practice and I cannot do that now."
76561198091131487,Not Recommended,244450,11347251,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,SmashManPansy,"I've always loved the MOW series and I've always loved the series. But for some reason, this game looks exactly like the first one. The only thing really special about it is more single player missions, and mods, but trust me, these mods aren't exactly an ""amazing"" thing. I always played with mods on my game, until one day the  ""Sir Hinkels Maps"" mods broke my game. So, typically I haven't been able to play it in over months. Also, multiplayer isn't any different either! It looks exactly like Men of War Assault Squad! Honestly, I see nothing special in this game. For one, the mods can break the game very eaisly (if you have more then 1 mod activated) aswell as it looking EXACTLY like the first title. So no, I wouldn't recommend this game."
76561198071506475,Not Recommended,244450,11889764,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,TheDivUpkmaker,"Is it a good game?   No, not reallyIs it realistic? No, not reallyIs this game have an alive multiplayer section like no other MoW series?  Yeah it is.... the only positive in this game"
76561198049875141,Not Recommended,244450,15525113,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Ed,"BUGS, LAGS, AI is very stupid, Super Pershing can't penetrate rear armor of IS 2-3 WAT?! Tank battles is so stupid, you can shoot 20 times at the tank and not penetrate it. Infantry so stupid that can't throw the grenade through a fence.Optimization in game is awful, and all this just ruin the game! 3/10"
76561197994969135,Not Recommended,244450,16360668,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Steel Talon,Connection lost (DC:3)Connection lost (DC:3)Connection lost (DC:3)Connection lost (DC:3)Connection lost (DC:3)Connection lost (DC:3)Connection lost (DC:3)Connection lost (DC:3)Connection lost (DC:3)Connection lost (DC:3)Connection lost (DC:3)Connection lost (DC:3)Connection lost (DC:3)Connection lost (DC:3)Connection lost (DC:3)Connection lost (DC:3)Connection lost (DC:3)Connection lost (DC:3)Connection lost (DC:3)Connection lost (DC:3)Connection lost (DC:3)Connection lost (DC:3)Connection lost (DC:3)Connection lost (DC:3)...
,Not Recommended,244450,13692496,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,wioum,"I bought this game for the multiplayer on release, but it's broken."
,Not Recommended,244450,9764338,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Chaus,"I bought this game twice, and feel scammed.  It's basically the exact same game as Assault SquadProof.http://imgur.com/a/OGl1lCan't tell the difference? Good.  You're paying for the 'privilage' to use multiplayer since gamespy shut down Digital Mindsoft stopped supporting the superior first game and used this sad excuse of an 'upgrade'  to make a quick buck.   Multiplayer uses some halfassed steam support which has no inclusive chat lobby and therefore cannot retain a playerbase which was a concern for the first game but a killer for this one.Design decisions made such as unit locking/leveling and obvious timer displays for grenades were implemented to cater to CoH players and make the transition for them easier but served as an annoyance and dumbing down of the core game for me.But,  don't dare criticize the game or you will be censored, hard.  Observe ban reason.http://imgur.com/a/gFufqUpdate 06/10/2014 decided to give it a go again for posterity.   During 'early' access the game was laggy, it still is.  There's a reason there's no one online playing it right now.i7-3770K  NVIDIA GTX 670, 8 gigs of ram, no reason for it to run like this other than bad coding.oh, want to save and watch game replays?  cough up another $12 for the DLC that allows you to do that.Update 9/6/2014 - still terrible.Update 10/18/2014 - still terrible.Update 01/11/2015 - still terrible.Update 02/03/2015 - about where it should have been at release"
76561198094368163,Not Recommended,244450,11877949,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,robwolf,this game is only for people who like sp.mp sucks its broken as♥♥♥♥
76561198020359621,Not Recommended,244450,10003469,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Rosencaster,The game is extremly fun. Multiplayer is as fun as ever and single player is a lot more branched out......for a whole 3 missions. Then theres a repeat of the old assault squad missions combined wiht the fact that the game randomly crashes for NO REASON i cant recommend this game also there's two missing factions which is inexcusable to me to even be a factor. I understand what Early access is but to not even have all the factions completed is unacceptable. This is a game for fans of the series who know how to tolerate the missing aspect of the game but enjoy the new and fun aspects to the game. As for everyone else i cant recommend this.
76561198089454108,Not Recommended,244450,13578563,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,DADDY,it is assult squad 1 there is no noticible diference same maps same units same graphics same retated units waste of money
,Not Recommended,244450,30336722,Posted: 5 March,all,Wespen,To play against Ai requires DLC
76561198026236139,Not Recommended,244450,11735006,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Regen752,"I really want to like this game. It could be way better than company of heroes in that its more realistic, focuses more on actual combat, way more variety of units especially tanks, more countries to play as and so on. Unfortunately everytime I play it doesn't take long until I get annoyed and frustrated with it. If the developers can fix some of these issues with the game it will severely improve the experience. Here are my reasons I dislike this game:1. The vehicle pathfinding is really frustrating. The vehicles will often drive into trees and get stuck, or take the most illogical routes through a village possible.2. Tanks are pratically useless. Forget the terrifying panzers feared by allied infantry during ww2, because in this game almost all infantry can just spam attack them with AT grenades and destroy them instantly.3. There is no notification that your units are under attack. This always happens to my defended positions. The game doesn't tell you anything, I will often look away for 10 seconds and look back and all my squads are dead.4. Smoke grenades are useless. I don't know what their current in game function is but the certainly dont provide cover from enemy machinegunners.5. The infantry ai are really dumb. I don't feel like I'm commanding real soldiers, but instead stiff robotic drones that require me to tell them to duck when under fire or move away when a grenade is right at their feet. Apparently none of these soldiers have instincts or basic training. They often will run straight into enemy fire for no reason and get killed when trying to throw a grenade rather than crawl, and take forever to fire a rocket launcher at a tank, usually just standing there frozen.6. Some of the specialty units suck. When I saw you could get paratroppers I assumed you could drop them in behind enemy lines, but instead the just spawn exactly where everything else does. Kind of a let down."
,Not Recommended,244450,11102529,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Nooky,"A huge waste of time.Men of War is one of my favorite series but this is just a joke. Instead of having a new solid base for multiplayer they achieved the impossible and made it worse than gamespy. You can litteraly take 2 hours trying to launch a game. And if by miracle you start playing, you only get horrible performance and lag because the game has been patched up to death over the years and this frankenstein of a game is absolutely not fit anymore to run as a client hosted game.Don't buy if you want to play online."
,Recommended,244450,26290380,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Pug Prophet,"I've now managed to rack up 136hrs on this game, yet I haven't regreted a minute of it. The extensive detail in the models, landscape and particle effects, enables this game to come to life with its realistic qualites. The game has also a good length campagn with multiple missions for each of the 5 factions. Each of these missions will take up through my experince a minimum of 30min. MoW have also included online gamplay adding more depth to the game if you enjoy the more socail and interactive parts. The multiplayer is similar yet different where the gamplay is more fast paced. I find it is more stratigic as you are competing against another person and relies more on points you earn via holding objectives. It reminds me off other games such as Dawn of War and Company of Heroes, yet I would argue this is a far better game.MoW have also included an Editor section of the game where you are given the power to do what anything you want whith the extense options and diverstiy of viechles and units. This is where I have spent most of my time and probably my favorite part of the game. This 'sandbox' is what I think distinguishies this from any other similar genres. And this alone would be a reason why I would urge you to purchase it. The game was launched in 2014 and boy it could have been launched now and still I would be inpressed by what the creatures have done with this game. Definatly worth £19.99 and as it is the halloween sale whilst I'm reviewing why ould not spend £4.99!?However their are aspects which I do not necessarly agree on, this includes: The fireing range of the figures and their awarness to their surroundings (hopefully this shall be worked upon in future MoW games), the programing and use of planes and boats and the hitpoints the figures have been programed with.- Firing range and awarness. If you find this slightly anoying as I do their are mods such as Robs Realism mod which perfects the game (in my opinion) giving greater firing range and awarness to the units. However I do feel that the MoW need to work on how the units use the environment to flank, hide behing cover and retreat/advance.- Planes and boats.This is another aspect of the game im slightly upset by as this would of been revolutionary if they managed to pull this off. If they made using planes and boats as easy as using tanks and units it would of made this game even better and definatly a must buy (not saying that its not). For example if the ai could controll the planes or boats, and maybe a deeper and more critiqual look to the detail in the sky maybe a view where you can see dog fights happening and another view like the one there is already installed in the game?-Hitpoints and Hitboxes.This is my last criticism of the game, even though this is a minor point I would of prefered if the units had hitboxes for certain parts of their body. e.g. Headshot = double damage and leg = half damage etc... However these are minor things and shouldnt sway your decision for not investing your time and money.I hope this has helped any prospective buyers or anyone just interested or have the game."
76561198176023705,Recommended,244450,23901411,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,John Locke,Great game with great mods 10/10
76561198016748445,Not Recommended,244450,9391847,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Phisher_0x029A the last of you,"3 words, Let it be.The game is not much diffrent from AS1 , its looking like the same engine also the editor is the same , i think they  just altered the  AS1 Engine  a bit .Gameplay ist the same but  slower  and clumpsier .At least the  Game  can  be played in  ""VAC secured mode"" , if you Host a game you can   select  if you want to  have the  game being VAC secured or not, wich  looks  very fishy to me,  imo  the game should  force people to  play with VAC security.I personaly think that VAC is turned off  completely in the background and its just a fake option :(The  hardest part is, that the Community Manager  of Digitalmindsoft is a VAC banned cheater on Steam(!?!?!?!?!?) , this makes  the  build in VAC  very questionable to me and  extensive  game-hacking can be expected because of the fact that VAC is only an option and the DEV obviously  dont  cares about VAC bans at all whilst they even employee someone VAC banned.  proof ->http://steamcommunity.com/id/deltadudeHardcore Fans and Friends of the Developer may buy it and  it is imo expensive  because it really  plays  like a mod only, like a tuned up  AS1not like a  ""new"" standalone.Anyway the graphics, yes they are nice,"
,Recommended,244450,32675475,Posted: 23 June,all,Glengoolie for the best of times,"Love this game, (would play more if I had enough time) A good challenge; enjoyable game mechanics and multiplayer.  Only issue I've faced so far is that multiplayer, at times, can be unstable. Is that to do with my internet? Possibly."
,Not Recommended,244450,11915341,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Rhaegor,"Digital Mindsoft is one of the most disgusting development companies I have ever experienced.The game has major issues and should not have been released. It is still in beta. Releasing when it did killed the community. I wanted better performance both for multiplayer and just in general, better graphics, more maps, more units, etc. We got like 2 new maps, graphics are the same, and performance is worse than MoWAS1. We also got a lame leveling system to unlock units and lost hundreds if not thousands of players in the process.This should have been a free patch because the only reason it was ""created"" was the old multiplayer hositng was shut down.  There is nothing in this game to make it a sequel or version 2.  It is the same game, but worse in numerous ways.I am extremely disappointed in Digital Mindsoft as I love this game, but it is just so poorly executed and unpolished it ruins playing it."
,Not Recommended,244450,13710049,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,BOT Jenkem,"The game is an unimaginative rehash of first MoW:AS, has no campaign to speak of (there is a single-player mode, but it has no story, instead focusing on tug-of-war style gameplay that gets old after 10 minutes) and in every way the same or inferior to previous Men of War titles. There is no new content at all, and no new functionality, barring Steam Workshop support.Constant crashes and unacceptable performance for an engine that was used half a dozen times already (I have nothing against GEM, but there is no excuse for time-tested engine like GEM to drop to 3 FPS in multiplayer), with braindead tech support team that seems to get their answers from Steam community forums doesn't help either.Hell, the fact that the devs shut down MoW:AS servers so anyone at all would buy AS2 should speak for itself. MoW:AS2 is akin to a mod, there is no way in hell this can be called a new game.TL;DR♥♥♥♥♥♥ game, incompetent devs, buy MoW/FoW instead."
76561198027806644,Not Recommended,244450,12891733,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Jayjay,"Although there have been some improvements to the interface and graphics. It is essinatially an ovehauled version of AS1. There are no new units and only 1 extra map, which serves as a tutorial. I only paid £3.50, and would suggest it is overpriced at that.The fact that it includes a map editor, as did AS1, leaves me wondering why the publisher coudnt have taken the time to build an entire set of new maps at the very least.Dont buy this if you have AS1, and wait for the price to drop again if you dont."
76561198015928267,Not Recommended,244450,13955438,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,y3ivan,"Ja helmut, of course I remember Oberkomandant issued us panzershreck. Now lets bash the tank to death!!AI IQ over 9000"
76561198046722204,Not Recommended,244450,9569857,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Chocpoo,"Wheres the game I purchased???I pre-ordered this title and got into the ""closed-beta"".  The game was rough, no campaign, just a few single player ""skirmish"" type missions.  I played the game a bit (atleast a few hours, my time played doesnt reflect the scenario skirmish i played for some reason), and I saw no REAL difference from their earlier games in the series, MoW;AS/etc (oh, besides the missing CAMPAIGN!!!!) and put it down to wait for the full release on the 19th. Today, release date rolls around and ............EARLY ACCESS status ???? What ?!!!!!!!!!This is an outright swindle, I pre-purchased with the impression that the title was to be FULLY RELEASED on the release date, and not into an EARLY ACCESS title.... Why 'pre-purchase' an early access title? There was no warning of this, it was not displayed on the store page, and the cost of the title warranted a COMPLETE/FULL (near AAA) release on release date, not a messed up early access, unfinished pile of trash.  The negative reviews are not represented underneath the title properly when they have many helpful 'clicks' from users.Oh yeah, not to mention the title isnt even ready on the 19th, wow. Early Access on the 20th?This purchase is seriously making me re-think ever buying another game on steam, the early access overkill is bad enough, now they have to do NINJA EARLY ACCESSS for $30!!!!. I am definitely never buying nothing from this developer again and probably never buying another non-AAA (and vouched for, released, and reviewed by proper journos) title off steam again.I'm going back to pirating peices of trash like this, good job steam/devs/early access theivery."
,Not Recommended,244450,15082361,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Austria-Hungary > Prussia,"This is one of the games i wish steam had a maybe button for.For starters my type of strat game is a Total War game.This game is decent in its self, but the campagin is the exact same has the first game. That being said you're mainly going to be playing mutliplayer, but thats my main problem. The multiplayer in this game has huge balancing issues, and the fact that there is a gigantic lag issue when playing with people. The lag causes your game to drop to around 15 fps and all your troops animations look super choppy as a result. Not to mention this makes direct controll a pain. Also, there are large amounts of exploits in this game making balance even worse. I.e. enemy tank is out of your range so you direct controll your tank and shoot a tree that is infront of your tank and the enemy.  ( dont believe there is a drop off for shell pen btw.) Single player was pretty fun, but I hate this games multiplayer, its espescially hard for new people because no one will put up with or teach them. Normaly your team either leaves you because of it, or starts greifing, etc.The pros:good armor pen machanicsMovements orders are ok, pretty glitchy a lot of times though.Good modding community(thats going to mean a lot, the base game is super bland)Editor is pretty fun(400 flame throwers vs 20 mg42 machine gunners? Why not!)Again the tanks are really fun to mess with peopleDirect controll is amazingly stupid and funny.(Smg preferably ppsh +at nades= Super Salty enemy)Fairly competetive mp scene(I dont really like that but some do so im listing it)MODS(Yea I know i listed it before)Game is pretty fun to play mp or coop with friends(The only friend I played this game with is a♥♥♥♥♥who hordes all the points to buy troops with btw then complains he has nothing while I cap points with a single guy kek)For me this game isnt really worth anywhere near $30, and the fact that this company puts stupid DLC out that doesnt even work. I'd price the game at around $15 being generous. In other words this is just a more broken MOWAS and mp works."
,Not Recommended,244450,16632896,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Sceles,"Not a bad game, but crashes and freezes way too often. I've been playing with friends and we're all experiencing the same problems so it's not just me."
76561198060518176,Not Recommended,244450,13702340,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,smorancie,"same game as the first one, i cant reccomend it"
,Not Recommended,244450,16683246,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,..,Its Men of war 1 and it is broken. Tried playing it again but had 3 crashes in 15 min.
76561197960946186,Not Recommended,244450,13694199,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,RC Cola Man,"Thought this was going to be an rts more along the lines of Company of Heroes but more for the realistic. What is this game then? Commandos. Purely and entirely commandos, you control what units they give you for a mission and thats it. Most missions start you off in a base getting assaulted then you have to push out. To be honest the depth of this game is so light that for the discount price of 10$ bucks I could of payed for a friend to have Company of heroes 1 with the mode eastern front instead."
76561198014496974,Not Recommended,244450,11884815,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,straightsilver77,buy the preceding title instead.
,Not Recommended,244450,10412634,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,1K-61 | Zombie Z.,it would not let me start the game
76561198056272003,Not Recommended,244450,11891204,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,ZealeotsUkz,This game is a poor exspensive knock off for company of heroes and should not be sold..I bought this game 50% off and i still dont think its worth the money.This game only brings repetative gameplay.Sorry but poor game 1/10 stars from me
,Recommended,244450,22441767,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Mερнιѕтσρнεlεѕ,"Thinking about purchasingMen of War Assault Squad 2? Let me tell you my thoughts on this historical relic.Pros --* First, this is a Strategy-Based game!* Second, really fun with friends!* Third, has a co-op mode!* Fourth, Workshop Support!Cons --* First, Multiplayer community can be cancerous.* Second, this can be difficult to run on low-end systems.* Third, no actual story, just a campaign to show you the ropes.* Fourth, watch your flank out there! The enemy can sneak around you!Overall --Would I recommend this game? Yes, but I'd recommend playing with a friend. If you don't like it, you can always refund. Just remember,less than 2 hours, refund within 14 days."
76561198052773366,Recommended,244450,11977103,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,x7amtoGamer,من امتع الالعاب
76561198024033006,Recommended,244450,32589248,Posted: 20 June,all,Brommel The Dessert Eagle,"Ambush Hitler and kill him quickly. Don't let him escape with the secret war plans!In other news: British tanks are made of wet paper, the Americans have a god known only as 'Uncle Sam' (they do everything for him), if you play as the Japanese expect to see some shamefurr dispray, the good ol' German Jerry boys are always schrecking left and right, the Sovjets don't know when to stop pouring bodies on the field and the Italians say 'Signore Si Signore' all the time..."
76561198040989540,Not Recommended,244450,13482102,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Tits Mcghee,dont ever ever ever buy this game full of♥♥♥♥♥♥ no difference to AS1 in my opinion want my ♥♥♥♥ing £20 back now
76561198137016634,Recommended,244450,28822383,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,hristo nankov,Its rly good game. I like playin it with my friends . Realy fun .
76561198007987472,Recommended,244450,13374555,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,( AU) War Cronicles,"This game is a must to any person who plays RTS, It far better than coh1 or two and once they have fixed all the bugs I think will be hard to beat. my best game by far"
,Not Recommended,244450,10795857,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Cpt. Bryan,"Being an avid Company of Heroes fan, I figured I'd try this game out as it seems to have many facets of realism most other RTS games do not. Well I was right, it does have that realism. Unfortunatley, it's so realistic that it takes away from the ""fun"" aspect of the game in a sense. Don't get me wrong its a solid game, and I wish I paid $10 or $15, not $35, leaving me kind of wishing I could get that money back. Also I've noticed the game has some stability issues, and an excessive amount of lag on a computer that surpasses the recommended requirements for the game. All in all I would wait for this game to be reduced to atleast $15 before buying it. My score would be a 6.5/10."
,Recommended,244450,30389316,Posted: 8 March,all,BlockChain ~~,"I have always wanted a game that brings a somewhat real experience when fighting a battle in a major war. A battle isn't easy, you can't just relax and let everything else automatically win for you(unless you're incompetent), especially when you are the commander of the battle. Battles can take more than 1 hour to win and there is non-stop action throughout it. You can get very tired and stressed without pausing. Victories are incredibly rewarding even at normal difficulty. Didn't think WW2 was this fun! ))))Для флага! Вперед, солдаты!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,244450,25911810,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Dynamic Nickname,"I spent more than 150 hours mounting workshop resources.Still have no clue what this game is about.Devs, please, dont just copy mods from workshop directory into game/mods directory. Use hard/softlinking. Like in arma3. It will completely remove need of ""Mounting"" workshop resources."
76561198110636593,Recommended,244450,28042725,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,piplip2100,"Huge modding community, direct control of units, a huge campaign, giant inventory of units and World War 2. What more could you ask for?"
,Recommended,244450,9329335,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Varaosa,"ENG:Possibly the best strategy game on Steam at this time. Better that Company Heroes Series, so the testimonials! C:FIN:Mahdollisesti paras strategia peli Steamissa tällä hetkellä. Parempi peli kuin Company Heroes sarja, joten suositteluni! C:"
,Not Recommended,244450,9612104,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Musclenugget,"Ugly ugly UI, Graphics are way over sold, as the game isn't optimized to run with high graphics settings. No tutorial, except for skirmish mode, but that's not even really a tutorial. Feel it is very unpolished, Animations are kind of ugly with troops and very buggy/ glitchy.Once it is polished up I would be able to recommend it but as of right now I'd wait for a few patches."
76561198032046845,Not Recommended,244450,12916254,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,j242000,"This is the first game with a few extra tiny missions, and a decrease in ai intelligence it seems. Got it on sale for 5 USD. If I had paid the full price I would have been♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off. Its a good game, but its assault squad 1, I have mods that add more content than the sequal did to Assault Squad."
76561198000307196,Not Recommended,244450,35350752,Posted: 30 September,all,ADF_S_N_R,"(I am posting some arguments that others have written as they are exactly what I think about the game).Any of you that have played the original men of war multiplayer will find the AS 2 one to be extremely laggy and slow like driving a car with the handbrake on. While the graphics and visual aspect of the game is great, the gameplay is severely lacking with little to no innovation and basicaly doing nothing for someone to be convinced this game was even needed. The lagging is so severe that there are no games with more than 4vs4 players.I have been playing this series from 2004 but sadly the young generation will not understand as they have never played the old one to make a comparison and not to mention the GameSpy shutdown that force us to play Assault Squad 2 that have horrible performance online due to the broken netcode.DMS to not only enrich their content by adding new stuff but also remove many old maps and the much loved ""tanks only"" mode that had proved to be the life of the original Men of War.If you wonder why I have so many hours in assault 2 that is mostly because of modding stuff.I was officially done with this series for some time now but I felt this was needed. here's to hope ""Soldiers Arena""( coming Q1 2018) and ""Gates of Hell"" prove to be better."
76561198089218198,Not Recommended,244450,12864544,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,The Diddler,do not buy unless the price is below $10.
76561198329962380,Recommended,244450,31287716,Posted: 21 April,all,mindy,great game
76561198027793907,Not Recommended,244450,12493209,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Mysto,"It could have been great. They Developers seem to have given up, and its more like a ""pet"" project. Expect ZERO innovation. Expect ZERO nostalgia. Expect a thrown together update of MOW AS 1."
76561198158198787,Recommended,244450,30770237,Posted: 27 March,all,kanungdan,i just saw 1 of my friends own this game and i lokd and it was a ww2 game and i love ww2 games so i got it full price and i had never playd this kinda game wher u control an army and now i love thes games. i recomend to buy. sory bad english
,Not Recommended,244450,13879602,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Smallbubba,"I bought this game after having been a long time fan of Men of War. I loved the amazing physics and incredible depth, and it's one of my favourite games of all time.Assault Squad 2 on the other hand is a stinky piece of crap. They somehow managed to regress in the area of gameplay from the first game and the entire thing just feels soulless and rushed. The physics are completely unrealistic and boring to play with, which was the main appeal of the original game to me. I loved burning down entire buildings with molotovs to advance on a fortified position, yet in Assault Squad 2 things as little as sandbags are invincible bulwarks against even tank rounds.i bought this in sale and feel ripped off"
,Recommended,244450,22776256,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,HUD1EHUDS0N,"As an RTS gamer, I expected this game to be similar to Company of Heroes or StarCraft. I was so very wrong.((I came into this game with no experience of MoW 1))Pros-Excellent selection of units; and when there isn't something there, there's a mod for that.-Large-scale battles-Lots of micro required-Reasonable tutorial level-Level creationCons-Selecting a group of units can be finicky-Lots of micro required (it's a love/hate relationship)-Lag spikes are easily enough to crash a good PC (can be said for most RTS therefore isn't really a complaint)All in all, good game. I won't comment on price because Steam Sale is a thing. 7/10, would recommend."
,Not Recommended,244450,25368832,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Hans Strudel,"I hate to say this about one of my favorite RTS series, but, do not buy this game, its fine and all, except that they basically repackaged Assault Squad 1 with a new hud and a few new missions. This new ""update"" of theirs totally trashed my game, I cant even play a game I payed money for. But if this is your first time seeing a game from the massive franchise that this came from, take my advice, buy one of the older games, these games are great fun, but in their current state of money whoring, they arent fun anymore. What is a game that is lacking in the core function of being fun? It's not a game, it's a waste of money.Edit: October 29, 2016Huh, it seems I have fixed it. but, it still does not change my review because that wasn't the reason for it to begin with, but for anyone with this problem, use this;api-ms-win-crt-runtime-l1-1-0.dll is missingMSVCR110.dll is missingMake sure you have your windows fully updated.Locate and run vcredist x86 in your commonredist folder located inside of your game install location.C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\SteamApps\common"
76561198006698358,Not Recommended,244450,10431670,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,sampdixon,"First of all i just want to say that if you have never played any men of war game then i highly recommend assault squad 21. Its a good looking game2. it has nice features that you don't find in other strategy games E.G you can directly control individual units, each unit has an inventory...3. its basically like company of heroes with a worse story line but better featuresNow as to why i dont recommend this game, if you have assault squad 1 then seriously just save your money, the developers have literally slightly improved the graphics added a couple of extra levels and then slapped a number 2 in the title and said its a second game, you will come across a lot of levels from the first assault squad that are literally carbon copies, same crappy voice acting and all. the only reason i have put any hours into this game is so that i feel as if im getting my moneys worth.So yeah all in all a good game but if you have assault squad 1 just dont bother."
,Not Recommended,244450,16662399,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Steve Lo,The only thing new in this game is that there's a few more maps. 10/10 IGN.Oh and there's a few new features. *Game of the Year Award*Buy this only when it's on sale ($10 or less) and don't bother buying this if you've already played Men of War: Assault Squad.
76561197972433743,Not Recommended,244450,13559211,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,✈✈ █ █,"this is not even a dlc, its like the same old game with a new engine and a few new units. The campaing is the same nothing new. Still good but only buy it if on sale"
76561198100858574,Recommended,244450,17847711,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,A kike on a bike,█▀▀ㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ▀▀█▀▀ㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ █▀▀▄▀▀█ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ ㅤ █▀▀▀ㅤ▀ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤㅤ ▀ㅤㅤ ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤ █▀▀ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ▄▀▀▄ㅤ█▀▀▄ㅤ █▀▀▄ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█▄▄▀─────███────██──────████───███────────████──███─────────████─█████████████──██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████─────█████████████████────────██████████──█───────────█████──────────────████──────────────█────────▄███████▄██───███▄▄──▄▄███──────▄██$█████$██▄██──█▀───▀███────█───▄██$█████████$██▄██──█───█──██───█─█──█$█████████████$███──█──────██─────█──███████████████████──██────██▀█───█─────██████████████─█───██████──▀████───────███████████──────────────────█───────█████████─────────────▀▀████──────███████████────────────────█▀──────██───████▀─▀█────────────────▀█──────█─────▀█▀───█──▄▄▄▄▄▄▄────────██────█───████▀───██─█████████████────▀█──█───███▀──▄▄██─█▀██▀██▀████▀█████▀──█───██████▀─▀█─█────────█▄─────────██───████▀───██─██▄████▄──██────────██───██──▄▄▄██──██▄▄▄▄▄██▀─────────██──█████▀───█─────────███────────███████▄────███────────███████─────█████████████───────▄██████████████████████████████─██████████████████─────────██████████████────────███████████───────█████──────████─────████ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀▀█▀▀ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ█ㅤ▄█ㅤ█▀▀ㅤㅤ ㅤㅤ ㅤ ㅤㅤ█ ㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█▀▀▄ ㅤ█▀▀ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀ㅤ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀ㅤ▀ㅤㅤ▀ㅤ▀▀▀█▀▄▀█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ█▀▄▀█ ▄▀▀▄ █▀▀▄ █▀▀ █ ㅤ █ㅤ██─▀─█ㅤ█▄▄█ㅤㅤ █─▀─█ █ ㅤ █ █ ㅤ █ █▀▀ █▄▄█ㅤ██ㅤㅤ █ㅤ▄▄▄█ㅤ ㅤ█ㅤㅤ█ ─▀▀ ─ ▀ ㅤ ▀ ▀▀▀ ▄▄▄█ㅤ▄
76561198064235417,Recommended,244450,12835301,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Captain Caveman,"Just my two cents. Not a full review. If you have Men of War Assault Squad 1, don't buy it unless it's on sale for really cheap! Since it's only  around $5 during todays daily sale, give it a shot if you have the cash to spare and enjoy mow in engeral. Anyhow, MOWAS2 doesn't seem to have too many innovative improvements from it's predecessor. However, the integration of steam workshop and the move to direct x10 is a nice improvement. With that said, it's not perfect and seems to only improve on the last title in subtle ways. Definitely worth a play for the right price."
,Recommended,244450,19117760,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,CamyHunt,"Great Men of war game, amazing community and I love some of the user created and default missions! ;)"
,Not Recommended,244450,16347323,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,StalledData,being a fan of mow: as 1 this just feels like a reskin of it.
76561198371978625,Recommended,244450,32168171,Posted: 3 June,all,buddysanchez7,"This game is amazing, I started with Men Of War: Assault Squad and the sequel is fantastic and fixed almost all of the original's errors. The Editor mode is very complicated at first, but a few quick tutorial videos on YouTube and I was making my own battles in no time! Absolutely great game! 10/10"
76561198040681705,Recommended,244450,30897653,Posted: 2 April,all,Curtpugh,"The game is basically just Men Of War Assault Squad 1, but there's a few improvements with graphics and AI.The best part of the game, and the main reason to buy it is because of the Steam Workshop. Its so easy to completely change your game, and it's what make's it better than its predecessor. Out of 10 I'd give it a 9.5. There's not really any problems with the game, but I just feel as though Digitalmindsoft could have created a better, and more immersive campaign. All the missions are basically the same."
76561198048567429,Recommended,244450,25888455,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Marco393,"Ya I have some hours, but they've been wisely spent in the editor, making missions and letting my mind roll. The community that this game has is astounding, and so many amazing mods (Valor, RobZ Realism) have been posted that enhance gameplay and allow mod/mission makers like myself to create fantastic maps and missions for people to play and enjoy.In short my gents, buy the game to see what your fellow gamers have created"
,Recommended,244450,15620961,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,JigSaw,"MoW: AS II is a very good game, micro mange your units in historical battles, and if you want more use mods, it spices up the battles. This game is far better then CoH II"
76561198254698825,Recommended,244450,33420961,Posted: 9 July,all,Revan,"Phenomenal. Just freaking phenomenal. The realism of the game along with the options given to you, whether it be the units, how and where you fight and which faction you decide to fight as. I've played a good deal of strategy games, many of them being based on modern military, and this game is the best one I have EVER played. It limits how many units you can pick at once, which is a good thing sense now you have to use at least a little bit of strategy instead of just making a ton of units and having them steam roll the enemy. Not to mention the graphics, being able to repair damaged vehicles parts, and the collison from say, planes crashing. 9/10, would reccommend for sure, would give 10/10 but sometimes it has these little bugs here and there."
,Recommended,244450,21283655,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Unoriginal Asian Gangster,"Men of War:Assault Squad 2 is the most INDEPTH rts I've seen in my entire life.For someone looking to experience an authentic World War II RTS, this game is for you. The developers at Digitalmindsoft have been blessed by the PC gods and have managed to bestow us this masterpiece. Why do I like this game so much? I think one of the major selling points was the GARGANTOUS range of options. I am specifically referring to the mouth watering stash of firearms, light tanks, medium tanks, HEAVY tanks, fighter planes, destroyers(big boats) and the diverse types of ammunition that accompany them. Not convinced yet? Then take a look at the cover system in place, allowing the player to cleverly place infantry so that they can take advantage of their surroundings. But forget all that. Who even cares if you can control every freaking infantry, vehicle, and weapon known in this game? Who cares if you can dump 20 hours of playing time just in the editor mode making crazy scenarios and reenacting battles? If you're not convinced by now, then my words haven't done the game justice. Check it out for yourself if you won't take my word. Chances are, you'll be as impresssed as I was and still am.LAST BUT NOT LEASTIf you're going to play multiplayer, bring some lube."
76561198040993771,Recommended,244450,18571963,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Nibrasov,If you like military strategy games. You have to get this game.
,Recommended,244450,31669472,Posted: 10 May,all,kisgyerkoc (kid),One of the few good games out there.
76561198059455816,Recommended,244450,31778528,Posted: 15 May,all,Daggeranater,"Very enjoyable game, graphics are amazing. i would rate 10/10"
76561198201122013,Recommended,244450,34646609,Posted: 31 August,all,nukebox (C.L.),"The game's itself is good. The only downside I see right now is that you have to buy a DLC to get skirmish, that being Airborne. It should have been implemented as an update not a DLC. But other than that, it blows the water out of other RTS games I've seen and played. With realistic FOV for the units and armor penetration, this has to be one of the most mind blowing games I've seen. So I recommend you buy this, and, if you don't have enough money for this, then you could wait for one of the sales they put up."
76561198103670962,Recommended,244450,31738980,Posted: 13 May,all,Pandogasm,"Bought Game, Got Mods 10/10"
,Not Recommended,244450,15246431,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,AnderZ EL,i do NOT recommend this game its engine is BAD.Why cause there is alot of lag in the game even if you have good specs i do not like this game.i like the men of war assault squad 1 its good i like it. but this♥♥♥♥♥♥i wasted 55.99 money on the dlc one which is deluxe editiondo not buy this game it is a stupid game with lag and it has the same ♥♥♥♥ing maps and mission DO NOT BUY
,Not Recommended,244450,20407787,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Jrgl_Cuchallain,"Men of War: Assault Squad with a worse interface and NO ♥♥♥♥ING IMPROVEMENTS.Make no mistake. You're paying for a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ UI change and worse performance just to get MP servers that work.Enjoyed frontlines mode? Then ♥♥♥♥ YOU, still no new maps or gamemode updates. In fact they actually REMOVED maps!And to add insult to injury they added a ♥♥♥♥ing worthless level system. Thankfully the host can disable the XP system but if he doesn't you get to 'enjoy' losing because you can't field anything to counter♥♥♥♥♥♥like the Tiger until you level up. I'm not a fan of the special units like the Radio OP either though I can live with them.It's like MoW with all the worst bits of CoH:2 added. Buy it only if, like me, you're desperate for more MoW MP and too weak to go without. If you wish to play SP buy MoW1 instead since it has actual ♥♥♥♥ing campaigns.Also the DLC is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, don't buy it. You've been warned."
76561198049813688,Not Recommended,244450,20127442,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Maximae Ignatius Magnus,"This game is nothing different from the origenal game Men Of War : Assault Squad, The only differences is that All of the missions are unlocked and some of the textures are inproved, they tryed to make it different, i'll give them that, but it's like any assassins creed game, the next game would have the exact same animations and sound effects and also grafics.Please, Do not buy this game, get the origenal insted : Costs less, Has the best effort put into its creation, and lest face it, its LITTERALY the exact same game, look at the trailers of both and you'll see, i think i've said it enough in this review. good luck Soldier"
,Recommended,244450,22479366,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Dr Mad,Still a better love story than Company of Heroes 2
,Not Recommended,244450,16732391,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,freeradical,"Same single player missions as last assault squad, just in a newer engine."
76561197960426515,Not Recommended,244450,16282063,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,sintri,"Monetized content by DMS, removal of dissenting comments, not a company worth supporting.  As for the game itself, it's a men of war game which come from a long line of men of war - faces of war - soldiers games which thankfully wasn't managed by DMS.The skirmish battles are uninspired and reptitive with essentially 3 map templates repeated over across multiple maps.  You have your generic attack missions, your generic defense missions, and lastly your generic 'stealth' assault missions.  They all have the same templates which makes playing a seperate map feel like deja vu all over again.  Generic patrol gets ambushed, go repair and steal the tank before the first enemy wave arrives, etc..  Group of tank in the middle is always present in the ""stealth"" missions which doesn't require stealth at all nor proper extraction of any but one unit.  As there's no real story mode or any sense of progression, you're just left switching from one template to the same exact template with just a scenary change.The only real saving grace is there are mods as there's always been, and modders can actually make decent maps."
76561198164360948,Not Recommended,244450,16680441,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Kiwiman,If you injoy crashes massive distance problems and no players this game is for you
,Not Recommended,244450,13831050,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Dan,Men of war: Assault Squad    ̶1̶    2
76561198000949837,Not Recommended,244450,12846214,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,lord commissar yarrick,This should be taken of steam!! this is a worse copy paste game than call of duty. DO NOT BUY
,Recommended,244450,25460003,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Deamons lil Deamon,"Okay so this game is INSANELY fuggin cool, if you don't have it you should get it."
,Recommended,244450,31003654,Posted: 7 April,all,Mati,"Great game, gets quite addictive once you start multiplayer, It's more the fun when you've got challenging opponents :DDPROS:- Nice Graphics- Decent Optimization- Fun and Addictive GameplayCONS:- ""Combat"" Games sometimes just become artillery spam.- Sadly, not many people play it, which is odd. So it takes a while to find a game sometimes.Otherwise the game is amazing would recommend to any RTS fan c:"
76561198027341775,Not Recommended,244450,11080474,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Tenko,"Bugs,Multiplayer Broken, Buy Assault Squad 1 Instead. Save yourself Money and time. This isnt worth 1$ Nothing more than a poormans attempt to rekindle AS1 with some shine and polish ontop of scratches and dents."
76561198028668626,Not Recommended,244450,9695520,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Brick Tamland,"I love the game, and the multiplayer. But I would not bother getting this game if you are a campaign freak like me. The dev's use the same missions over and over again for the different campaigns, the only thing that changes the missions is the slight change of layout of the map, and the factions you play as! Developers being really cheap, if you ask me."
76561198062133147,Recommended,244450,34904406,Posted: 12 September,all,Scorpion,One of the most realistic ww2 game around. Buy it while still on discount. You won't regret it
76561198069397056,Not Recommended,244450,9268633,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,El Guapo Numero Uno,"I know that a lot of people are saying that this game is a copy of the first assault squad. The 2 have some similarities, but there are also some differences.The units and tanks do look the same. They have added a few units but not very many. I know that this game is a sequel, which means that the game should be similar, but this game looks REALLY SIMILAR.Pros:-The game has pretty good gameplay and quite a few levels.-The game is very addictive.-There are many different types of units and countries to play as.-There are probably 50 different tanks, and each one feels very different from the others.Cons:-This game is bascially a reskin of the first one. Some of the maps are nearly identical, and many of the units are the same.-This game has some of the worst voice acting that I have ever heard. Since when did German field commanders have American accents?-This game is too expensive when compared to teh first which is much cheaper and very similar.Summary:Although the game is good, it is basically a copy and paste of the first and seems to be a cash grab. I just picked the first one up and a whole bunch of DLC on sale for $5. Just buy the 1st one and save yourself a lot of money. I give this game a 5/10."
76561198034534190,Recommended,244450,30024715,Posted: 18 February,all,Valkyre,"Absolutly fantastic. The level of detail in this game is incredible. Love the complexity and the micro. Lost your tank to the enemy? Evac the crew and rip off the .50 cal from its mount and let god sort them out, terminator style.Enemy hiding in the forest? Let your flame throwers burn the whole forest down and everyone inside it.Great sounds.Great visuals. destructable environment.Great inventory system for all troops.Adjustable game speedIn a day when most RTS's are♥♥♥♥♥♥ this really shines. But you must like complexity.Did you like sudden strike? I think you will like this, the scale is not as grand but the mechanics in this game is much better.RECOMMENDED!"
76561198303005910,Recommended,244450,25471157,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,The_Pope,This game is almost as good as Stalin's Purge of the Kulak's.
76561198046910968,Not Recommended,244450,10173483,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,smashbery,"good game thus far but im sick and ♥♥♥♥ing tired of steams early relese ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.Boo steam and Boo the false avetisment ""eight player co-op support and an all new multiplayer extreme game mode""this is bull♥♥♥♥♥♥ there is no players VS AI peroid!. i have a hard time seeing anywere on the store page that this game is and early relese or still in beta.♥♥♥♥ you steam you did it again, ♥♥♥♥♥♥s. if the game dose not have the ability the monemt its downloaded then stop ♥♥♥♥ing saying it has it .... i dont konw how many ♥♥♥♥ing games i bought that were listed as co op or multiplayer then the devolepment stoped on the game and i was ♥♥♥♥ed , yet again.     .i.. eat a♥♥♥♥♥♥steam"
,Not Recommended,244450,15119374,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,LikoWhip,played for 2 hours gave me downs
,Not Recommended,244450,15147822,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,King Giblet HNIC,I thought this would be a great game... and at first i did!!! The target of the game is awesome... However for being released in 2014 the graphics are not good at all. Another issue is that the game keeps crashing and i have to start all over. and in single player the AI are just ♥♥♥♥ing stupid...
76561198007357146,Recommended,244450,27445244,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,georider,"One of the best WW2 games, very realistic units , excellent moding system , its deffenent a game that can last long in time. I 'm total recoment it."
,Not Recommended,244450,12220499,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,jono30099176,All the mission are the same theres nothing different there all take this flag take that flag why cant they be proper objectives personlly i get bored after a while and the creators need to come up with some new objectives insted of saving money and doing the same thing over and over and over againapart from that i will say the detail and the way you can control your troops in different way is good but till need some work on the missions
,Recommended,244450,22078529,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Helena the Virtuous,"Men of War Assault Squad 2 - in my opinion the current best (and hardest) RTS game with a  WW2 setting.The game features a lot of missions split up between the 5 different nations. Germany, GB, USA, Japan & Sovjet Russia. While the pattern for the missions is the same they do play entirely different due too the different maps & nations.Defend - attack - defend is what the first mission, more like tutorial mission, is like. Every other mission is either attack or defend. You have to capture outposts, reach waymarks and defend hills & important places. Easy, yet challenging.There is no base building involded - you gain new units via reinforcement points or by capturing enemy tanks. Yes, capturing enemy tanks. Each and every one of your units can be split up, managed individually, forged into a new squad, has his own inventory, can be used with manual aim [...].Including tanks! Tanks can be used with minimum manpower - the driver only. Or you can fully stack up and even place infantry on the back of the tank for faster movements. Its entirely up to you.You units can switch weapons, ammo & special items, you can loot dead enemies to gain new weapons and ammo [...] the possibilitys are endless.What is the challenging part of all this? Sounds rather nice, doesnt it?The challenging part is the micromanagement, map awareness and realism. Tanks who get to close to trenches full of infantery - one AT grenade to his engine and hes busted.Infantery running over an open field - on mg salvo, all dead.The game does everything right that can be done right - a solid 10/10!"
76561198068908529,Recommended,244450,25449750,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,kachigga my ниггер,"high ranked elite squad of germans, can be killed off by one partisan with a MG.1939-1945/10 best WW2 strategy game ever"
76561198074466115,Not Recommended,244450,10333848,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,sinixster,EDITOR V3.022.1 CRASHESRotating six selected elements it crash and exit from the program. Fix it please.Program will be terminated. EXCEPTION_ACCESS_VIOLATION write at 0x21b96e08Men of War:Assault Squad 2 Editor - v.3.022.1 - 0x008E6756happens every time i try to open the game
76561198046282366,Not Recommended,244450,13822633,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Radania,"I really dont get how this game if fun. There has to be  huge learning curve, and there is just way too much going on. If your looking for a game like CoH, pass this up."
76561198096368831,Not Recommended,244450,11894903,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,godgiven,Ui is not very intuitive. The Editor is overly complicated
76561198030040857,Not Recommended,244450,13167885,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Attle,"This is a potentially great game.  Currently there is just too much micro-management of squads for me.  I prefer to concentrate on the strategy, not re-supplying my troops.  Too many steps to re-supply.  If the squad could re-supply by being next to the supply truck or downed soldier(s) that would be better all the current steps required to re-supply them.  Reduce the amount of clicks."
76561198039860237,Recommended,244450,16612780,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,LibertyLime,Best WW2 rts ever yo. buy it dawg
,Recommended,244450,16209605,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,ᅚ,"A lot of different units to spawn in this game. Singleplayer is lacking, but there are various mods that make the singleplayer experience way better. Multiplayer on the other hand is quite inactive, sadly."
,Recommended,244450,32081820,Posted: 31 May,all,urfriendlyKGB,This is clearly best game i ever played.
76561198086088514,Not Recommended,244450,9239295,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,andyplund,"703 Hours of playing Men of war Assult Squad 1. After playing 2, I noticed right away that theres no reload option for my units. Infact there are less options all around. You can imagine for a player who enjoys absolute control this was quite a let down. I also noticed that the company icons look alot like company of heros unit icons. I played the entire first mission through the Americans and to my suprise after capturing 2 flags i still couldn't recruit a morter team nor could I recruit an mg team and when i recruited a ranger team instead of coming in a half track like they usually do they came on foot. Im greatly frusterated because to me in feels like they have gone backwards and taken away more then improved it. As a devoted fan there are many things already about this game that really make it feel like company of heros 2. If you were to ask me if you should buy this i would definitly wait for it to be finished, im extremely unhappy about what iv'e seen as of now."
76561198138963323,Recommended,244450,25788744,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,The Grandab,"This game is much good, many hours of fun and excitement for yous, defo recommend the old purchase of this old gamesical"
76561198114352474,Recommended,244450,27358500,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,dedospuck,It's a really fun game that comes with a good editor so you can just make all the battles you want
,Recommended,244450,23963333,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Goose,"Great game, especially when playing with mates. However mods are the main thing that makes this game otherwise it gets rather boring"
,Recommended,244450,30009356,Posted: 18 February,all,Ragnar,"Micromanaging in this is beautiful. You care about each and every single unit under your command, even the ones that aren't. Whether they are the conscripts, crew, unarmed, injured. Every tank, anti-tank and artillery piece, are all taken care of and are beneficial. Best WWII RTS out there. Play the first installment too."
,Recommended,244450,21387060,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Steffenio,One of the best RTS games in the world atm. All things that it needs are MODS thats what makes this game special. POTATO/10
,Recommended,244450,23517386,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Pinchan Catt™,"I only play Level Editor everytime i open this gameGraphics: 5/10Multiplayer: 4/10 I don't really like itCampaign: 3/10 I don't really play itGameplay: 6/10 The npcs are dumb afFavorite Country: Russia,Usa aka united states of autismFavorite Tanks: Tiger 2,is-3,is-2Most Used Tanks: is-2,is-3,Most Hated Country In Game xD: ???Favorite Mods: Tank hull protection,RobZ Realism mod,Call of Duty 2 Mod By Sturmfuhrer PK.My Current Goals:(Almost Done)-Make a ww2 map (May take 5 months uwu) (Not done)-Reach 400 hrs in level editor (Done)Other Goals:-Reach 5000 Hours (Not Done)-Download 70 Mods (Not Done)May i have some tea please i'm 9*cough* i mean 15my sister doens't like me cause she thinks i'm lesbian"
76561198002225676,Not Recommended,244450,15575044,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,RichardSG,"Contast need for micromanagement, esp direct control for tanks makes this game frustrating for me. Not recommending this game at this juncture."
76561198113104105,Not Recommended,244450,10296933,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Rise of JETforce,"(New rating system. I'll try to be as merciful as I can. Emphasis on try, because I still don't like it)Let's just skip to the basics, ok?Positives:+ No limit on troops+ Unique supply stuffNegative:- Can only control 12 guys (or 1 tank) at a time? That's not good enough.- Campaigns are mere repeats of each other.- Voice acting (a first for a negative here)- Greedy devs being greedy devs with more dlc.- Some claim it to be reused materials. It's probably true.So, no. Don't support this. Find something else."
76561198046217091,Not Recommended,244450,14250021,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Big_Dick_Bee,This game is anoying they nurfed everything and ai is more stupid then ever BM203 howitzer cant even kill a king tiger with a direct hit anymore very dissapointed in this not worth the price I payed very little new content n the campagin missions are all the same just with different factions n slightly different maps that's it if you are thinking of purchasing this look els where you will be purchasing men of war assault squad 1 nurfed
,Not Recommended,244450,15147384,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Naygas,"No No NO,Same with all these factions LikeCapture This Strategic Point to recive Armor!The Enemy Has Crippledn one Of our Powerful Tank!Defend This Poistion Untill Reinforcements arrive!BLAH BLAH!They Are In every Faction Mission I Dont Like Repeating Sounds BoringThey Did was Copy the Phrases And Change the Voice Tone"
76561198035474443,Not Recommended,244450,13503678,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,(ODAG)Frank Zappa,i got kinda confused
,Recommended,244450,9623760,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Rude Octopus,"It's men of war assault squad with lots of tiny improvments to graphics, gameplay and interface.Now we just need more maps. It is still in beta so it's not finished yet."
,Not Recommended,244450,13513085,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Jerry,"this game is pretty much assualt squad, a really good game that has had a few new skins and awful detail, massive performance issues everywhere, didnt even add any new nations, this game is a dissapointment the sounds are pretty cool though 3/10"
76561198008117421,Not Recommended,244450,11113561,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Larkfeast,Just buy men of war original. Its just as good as this version
76561198044840989,Recommended,244450,31977331,Posted: 26 May,all,jimgray82,"I recommend this game but, in the editor mode im stuck in this grid type of thing"
76561198023684439,Not Recommended,244450,13581368,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Silentfart,game is A Big jock   Men of War: Assault Squad 1  =Men of War: Assault Squad 2   now you just have to pay for the same game  1 more ting lasy and gredy company + the is no Indgame chat lobby  so have to tap out of the game and to a steam grop and fin ppl ind the if you wonna ask ppl wonna join your map   Lasy Do not Buy it you are not a hard core fan and just have to play the game mulitplayer    if you wonna try the game  Buy Men of War: Assault Squad 1  and play solo way more cheep and if you end up say i jus Have to buy the same game 1 more time so i can play mutiplayer well that how you do itbut recomend not to buy it if you new to thes game otter game out ther deserv you for the effert the give ind creat ther game
76561198118180296,Not Recommended,244450,9487210,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Tucha,"1 out of 5!It is just awful!!I'm big fan of men of war, but this....First of all I've not seen anything new, except some new units, and you call it Part Two? It's more like extension pack!Campaign - is so short so you can pass it in one evening.And most irritated things are bugs!Crashes arise every hour, when you exit the game it's always a crashIt's impossible to play in multiplayer, connection lost or crashes is what you'll getIf host is out, the game is finished, OMG in 2014 you can't make a game with decentralized host??You think that if you buy an engine and make few missions you can sell it ? No guys, this is scam!!Update!It's year 2015, and you know what? This piece of s..t still crashes!! in multiplayer players are constantly dropping!I don't even understand what comes with those patches, new fonts for UI?"
76561198044515210,Not Recommended,244450,9766121,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,perqr,"-edit #1 online is fun but other people disconnect all the timesubedit- double right click to sprint solves all your problems-eh not yet... the game is great fun but it currently only consits of really hard missions (even on easy) and a multiplayer with nobody on it. so basically all there is is the missions, which kinda suck. there isnt even a you vs. computer mode.-5/18/14 still havent found a way to just play against the computer in a 1v1 or 2v2 multiplayer type mode6/23/14 still no way to play against bots.12/31/14- game is basically solely multiplayer without any good pve element, which sucks since theres only ever around 7 people online at one time. Artilery isnt massivly over-powered now though.4/4/15 fun, but low player base"
,Recommended,244450,12835931,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Boogie,"The Men of War series is one of my favorite PC games ever. This installment is just a polished MoW Assault Squad I, rereleased with a few extra bells and whistles. On sale, it's worth $10-$20, and if you're a fan of the series than it's worth a little more. It's RTS, squad-control, and micro-management to the extreme. I love being able to control a whole squad, or tank, all the way down to a single infantry man who can pick up a dropped grenade, ammo clip, or check a fallen soldiers inventory. I recommend it for fans of Dawn of War II, CoH's, and the Total War series."
76561198063805729,Not Recommended,244450,9482489,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Plank,"I played th Beta, and the second skirmish misson for the U.S. is completely broken. Towards the end, you have to get to an extraction point. Simple enough, except it's guarded by an anti-aircraft gun that can see you for miles, and you can't get close enough to take it out. There are three tanks in the level, but the game won't let you take them. You also, have a fixed amount of points, and when I got to the end of the level, I was only able to call in Officers (They literally can't do anything), a single medic (slightly less useless at the point I was at), and snipers (Very useful normally). Funnily enough, it's impossible to shoot off the gunner from the front, and there's no spot I could get to that was behind it, or to the side of it. On top of that, tanks continued to spawn, making the situation worse. If I'm buying a game from you, I should actually be able to play it, instead of just losing, almost automaticly. I'm serverly dissapointed, especially since when I bought it, there were numerous games on sale, invluding the ENTIRE rockstar collection. I could've bought half of them for the same price of this game, but I liked the first Assualt Squad, and was so excited for this one, I wanted to get a little cheaper, and make sure I got it.To summarize, broken level, automatic failure, frustration, anger."
76561198180760263,Recommended,244450,26496301,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Jay Jay,mods
76561198032714387,Not Recommended,244450,12445719,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,OttoVonBrak,"UPDATE 22/02/2014The game has been transformed in some kind of test ape for DMS future product: Call of Arms. Features, which have little or no benefit for MOW, are rushed in a pre-alpha status and they have completely broken the game. Many people can not start the game, most of the people are suffering frequently crashes. Finishing a 2v2+ game is impossible.After one year from release the game fundamentals, like stability and lag, are still broken and nothing let us think they will be fixed. I waited one year in the hope that items for which the game was sold would be fixed. But this is the status today:- steam integration (to start the game you have to deactivate steam overlay)- improved graphics ( maybe a little on some machine)- steam multiplayer (broken)- matchmaking (broken)- 8v8 on spectacular maps( no 8v8 on sight and maps are the same as 5 years ago also they changed the store page to 4v4)My opinion over the gameplay remains unchanged: when played the game is fun, but currently it just can't be played therefore I don't feel like suggesting to buy it, it has no future."
76561198139157813,Recommended,244450,26060037,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Commisar Assistant Dogger,"I LOVED this game It was my thing for the past few years but then i ran into some problems but i fixed them, But alas one problem after another, getting increasingly annoying. Then i ran into an issue, to wich i could not fix, hell i even contacted the developer , and yes he attempet to help me... but his instructions were very vague and repetative, he then ignored me... but several days later i contacted him  again and the same thing went on and then he just ignored me again :l Its a shame...In conclusion great game if you dont have any issues but tech support is iffy ... so even though i cannot play anymore i still reccomend it!(Dev was delta dude)"
76561198037460080,Recommended,244450,23706479,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,The Federal Government,"This game is perfect for all you war nuts and RTS fans out there. If you looked at this game and thought it would be fun, get it, it is. This game strikes a fantastic balance of macro and micro managing, from telling a group of soldiers to take cover to manually controlling a tank. The detailed visuals and sounds just add so much to an already amazing game. If you have ever played ""Close Combat"" or similar games you will love this game. The feeling you get when you drop a 600mm (23.6 inches to fellow americans) diameter Rocket on several tanks blowing them several meters into the air and then watching the wreckage rain down from the sky is amazing."
,Recommended,244450,26498844,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,[SUN] Dust038,"Background: Having just come off of 150 hours on Company of Heroes 2 this game kicked my butt. Like seriously there are not many games that I review that I highly recommend to Follow the Tutorials to the T.  I also never played the First one or the HD Remake of the First One.The Take on Realism: You have to worry about ammo, medkits, and form infantry columns that are able to tackle a variety of situation from assaulting in CQC or disabling Armor. Repairing damaged vehicles actually takes Real Time Minutes to complete. Individual units within your formations can be targeted and taken out. Nothing is safe out there. On easy difficulty I found myself overwhelmed sometimes with Management that a single MG can pin you down and seal the deal.  To add to this each unit has its own manageable inventory. Like a single rifleman will have 250 .30-06 rounds on him, his M1 Garand, Helmet, Shovel, and maybe a grenade. Your Russian officer will have a pistol, 70 rounds, officer hat. Don’t worry equipment can be transferred between units.This realism also extends to Line of Sight Mechanics. Most RTS we are used to our units having to rely on sight lines combo’d with a set Range they can fire. Well with this game, your tank can literally shoot in whatever direction if your mouse lets you. So go nuts, shoot across 3 wheat fields into the dirt if you’d like. (See Armor Mechanics below for your True Ranges)Note: they do give us one freebie with Ammo management and that is a single 8 man unit that you form by mouse dragging Automatically Shares Ammo.  This is great because you can click on one man run him to the ammo truck, load him up with 5000 rounds, run back to the defensive line, rejoin him to a unit and bam, the entire unit is rearmed.The Campaign: There are a nice array of factions to play. Though the campaign is a Copy Paste for each faction, it gives you a great way to learn each Faction’s strengths and weaknesses to ultimately prepare you for Online Matchmaking.  The Campaign Scenarios are actually built well to teach you LOS, Direct Unit Control, Defense of an objective, Flanking, Sniping, Armor Control and Field Guns.Direct Control: There are a few other games I have seen in recent years that allow Direct control over units within an RTS.  There are a couple on Steam but I fail to remember their names.  Direct control happens in a 3rd person Top Down view. Note that this is a Single Unit. A Single Man, a Single Tank, etc.In this mode you control all aspects of the Unit, aiming with mouse and movement that you can modify to be the Arrow keys or WASD. I highly suggest getting used to this mode as it is invaluable at all difficulty levels. Direct control of a tank is superior in all ways and will help you survive online and in the Scenarios.Armor Mechanics: I’m going to distill this down to as simple as I can. Scoring a hit on any Vehicle is factored in by a number of ways. Your unit has armor penetration values applied at 3 different ranges. This is to say how much armor it can penetrate at a given distance. This is then compared against glance values and Armor Values of the Target to determine if the shot glances off with a visual market, or penetrates the Armor and scores a hit. Now in addition to kill hits, there are track hits that cause you to be unable to move and turret hits which cause you to be unable to rotate the turret.To add to this you have ammo types that can modify their target values and properties. HE for Infantry, AP which you have very few of for Armor Busting, and general shells.  Armor values are also generally weaker on the sides and rear.What all this means is that your angle, gun values, and range all factor into your success in Armor vs Armor fights. What this also means is that if you’re going up against some heavy Panzers in light British armor you’re going to have a bad day if you don’t Flank immediately.Infantry Mechanics: Infantry can be given 3 positions, standing, crouching, and prone. They are outfitted for their role on the field as general Riflemen, Snipers, AT crew, Tank Crews, and various Specialty units per each faction. Gun accuracy values are compared to the target’s use of cover and range from your position to determine hit factor. When you direct control a snipe get used to being able to quickly identify enemy AT carriers, it’ll make your life 10 times easier.Final Thoughts: If you can survive the super realism (On the scale of video games) and the micromanagement aspects. Then this is the WWII Simulator for you. However if you are on the fence about RTS in 2016 and want a more straight forward more forgiving game then I highly suggest Company of Heroes 2.As Always watch gameplay videos before buying!"
76561198014682424,Recommended,244450,28543708,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,HRX,"great game!! excellent details for everything!! you will definitely love it , only sad part is it has bad multiplayer programming that is your game will get some weird error some sync issue with host while in multiplayer so cant truely enjoy the multiplayer with inter continental players except your region and surrounding contries"
76561198277832184,Recommended,244450,28751999,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Царь-батюшка,"Мне очень понравилась игра хороший интерфейс,графика и звук рекомендую купить."
,Recommended,244450,34274085,Posted: 16 August,all,MrJoone,My favorite strategic game since ever. So many things we can do with real mechanics and the variety of units. Mods made this game more funny and enjoyable to play.
76561198032016934,Recommended,244450,31366803,Posted: 25 April,all,Jonny,"I downloaded the first Men of war the demo. Next day I bought this one. It is such a great game. Hours an hours of fun. I always find myself saying Ill only play for an hour. look up and its been 3 hrs. Most the missions can easily take 3 hours to do.  I cant make a list of the things I like, cause youd read forever.  this game is easily 10/10 for me !"
76561198269221554,Recommended,244450,24092762,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,=TRUE AMERICAN HERO=,For everyone who bought men of war as 1 and ran it amazingly don't get this game the last game needed a 2.6ish ghz this needs a 4.0!!! so please read the requirerments before you buy
,Recommended,244450,28834857,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Hawkins007,"Men Of War : assault squad 2 is a really good game, I can't stop playing it. I love mostly all world war 2 games but this one is my best. So many things to do and you can create any amount of missions with the editor that comes with the game!"
76561198061365547,Recommended,244450,34942127,Posted: 13 September,all,Rocken,"Holy crap this game is amazing! Always kinda looked at it, once it went on sale I had to pick it up and I am very glad I did!"
,Recommended,244450,34922233,Posted: 13 September,all,JDMs15,Best WWII strategy game of all time!
76561198295821309,Recommended,244450,24245076,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Foxy's Strategist,"If you love World War 2 and real time strategies, this is the game for you."
76561198000470808,Not Recommended,244450,15709870,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,TastyUrinalCake,What makes this a sequel? These are the exact same stages....just a few other mini games thrown in. Big fan of MOW1 but this isn't what it advertises.
76561198218492087,Recommended,244450,20440792,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,✠Friedhelm_Kristofϟϟ,one of the best games i ever played
,Recommended,244450,22430636,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Emperor of Pi,"First off, let me begin by stating that I purchased the complete edition of this game when it was on sale for $10. If you already have the original Men of War: Assault Squad, I don't reccomend buying this game for full price. Wait until it goes on sale and grab the complete edition.Alright, now that I've gotten that out of the way, let me begin my review. :)This game is awesome, and for RTS lovers, a must buy. The detail is great and the options for battlefield tactics are unlimited. I haven't played a RTS that handles combat as well this does. If you're a Star Wars fan, get the Galaxy at War mod. It'll completely blow away the land battles in Empire at War.Lastly, this game runs very well on my laptop. I have a Nvidia GeForce GT 640M (1GB Dedicated GDDR5) and I'm getting 60+ fps with little action and 30+ when the fighting is heavy on medium settings. Overall I reccomend this game to all RTS lovers."
,Recommended,244450,14311549,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Brother Pedro,"After the kind of shaky launch I can now finally recommend the game. Optimization has greatly improved as well as a bunch of new and much requested features such as bots and replay system. These along is enough for most series veteran to get back to the game. Both features will also help new players pick up the game much easier.All in all, AS2 is an excellent iteratation of the Men of War series, please buy it to support the fine folks at DMS who really did a good job of supporting all their games."
,Recommended,244450,21966070,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Flight_Risk,"This game makes me hate two specific groups of people.  First: big game developers who prove once again that by throwing heaps of money at promotion (I’m looking at you CoH 2) their game can outperform superior games.  And second, people who aren’t willing to put in the effort to learn a new game because it’s hard.  There is no question that MOWAS II is a thinking man’s game.  To be good you have to know armor values, penetration chances, gun calibers, and much more.  You have to invest your points in the right units, know how to use cover, and give your troops good lines of sight.  One mortar shell will kill and entire squad if you bunch them up behind a sandbag because, well, that’s reality.  Remember that veteran tiger that you saved up all game for?  You didn’t support it with infantry so it died to one AT grenade in less than 2 minutes.   It’s not CoH 2, or rather a glorified game of rock, paper, scissors, you actually have to think.  I already know people will say ‘yeah that’s all well and good but who has the time to learn all that?’ and it’s a weak argument.  If you’re going to invest a day of your life into a game anyway what is another five or six hours to learn how to play it well? The point it this is a fantastic game.  Take the time to learn it and come have some fun."
,Not Recommended,244450,12224033,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Aggressive Octopus,"This game has some cool features like having to resupply your soldiers with ammo or they'll run out and be unable to fight. As well as the ability to take control of your units. Other than that though this game isn't that great. Meh, not worth the price tag. 5/10"
76561198095141770,Not Recommended,244450,15287141,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,King Horse,"Men of War: Assault Squad 2 is probably the worst gay porn I’ve played. Though it looks exciting and sounds fun, and moves hard and rapidly, it rarely gets me off.People have been saying that THIS entry in the series is supposed to be the multiplayer, coop one. And I (usually) love watching guys tongue each other’s♥♥♥♥♥♥♥with my friends just like everyone else does. But what if I told you that the American scenes in this collection are basically the same as the German ones, which are basically the same as the Japanese ones, which are basically the same as the British ones, and the Russian ones? All five of the nations. What if I told you that the sniper (or optionally commandos) scene for the U.S. is repeated four times with the other nations? And also the same for the defense scenes? And also the advance-across-the-set scenes? What if I told you that instead of the 40, original group sex scenes advertised on this store page, you get, actually, just 8 that are (arguably) original? And now, forget the what ifs; because it’s true.These 15 and 25 scenes are actually just eight. Different actors for each nation? Sure. But the interracial variety isn’t enough.What about the Steam Workshop mods? Well I played two of the top-rated ones, SirHinkel’s AS2 Missions and RobZ’s Base Defense ones. And they do suck♥♥♥♥♥ but not in a good way.SirHinkel’s missions are his interpretations of famous man-on-man actions, including a very well-realized The Alamo orgy, from the epic gay porn film Saving Private Ryan. And though Italian and Hungarian men join the action during SirHinkel’s Stalingrad orgies, they’re almost all just long slogs. You can certainly set the intensity of the boning (Easy, Medium, etc.), but instead of more exciting moments of drama, you usually get merely longer scenes. And sure some people like long, hard sex scenes before the actors get so tired that, finally, they all just exhaustedly come onto each other’s throbbing♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ But let’s be real: the best gay porn follows the quality-over-quantity standard. SirHinkel DID put a lot of strategic thought into his scenes, with many good placements for many dangerous toys, but as for the great climactic moments, when you just want to ejaculate while the actors do: well, they rarely happen, and (strangely) they usually do so near the beginning of his scenes. So it’s just hours of repetitive hard ♥♥♥♥ing, until it’s finally, suddenly over.As for RobZ’s base defense scenes, you look at their descriptions and think you’re in for a really good time. You start playing one and lay your initial men in comfy spots, waiting for the other nation’s uniformed-men to creep up and come on them. But it’s all ruined by what must be two bugs. Specifically: when you call in more of your dudes to join the orgy, they (infuriatingly) WALK, and unenthusiastically. And on top of or under that: these men will change their destination to wherever you tell the next boys you call in. So you have to manually look at the troops as they walk onto the scene and jerk them into running to where you actually want them. And on large set pieces, where the defenses are far from where you call in the new boys, it Just Makes Masturbation a Chore, as you move the screen across the map, clicking the walking unit, moving across the map to where you really want them, double right-clicking that spot so they run to THAT SPOT, repeat...No gay porn should soften one's♥♥♥♥♥♥this much...And what about the player-on-player multiplayer? Is it fun to jerk-off with someone across the Internet, or with your friend next to you? Not compared to the Company of Heroes multiplayer it isn't. MoW:♥♥♥♥♥Sqd 2 favors realism too much, and doesn’t understand something important about gay porn (or porn in general): Realistic Sex is not what we want to watch. I mean, for realism just go do the real thing. In pornography you want to see lots of herculean men doing all kinds of crazy♥♥♥♥♥♥to each other’s holes. It’s called FANTASY sex. This understanding is shown by Relic in their Company of Heroes (Vanilla edition). Men of War: Assault Squads 1 and 2 go too realistic, and thus make for undramatic man-on-man ""action,"" over and over and over.In conclusion: for gay, WW2-themed cream pies and facials, play Company of Heroes instead. (I haven’t played Company of Heroes 2; feel free to comment if you have an opinion about its♥♥♥♥♥♥♥rubbing♥♥♥♥♥♥♥action)"
,Not Recommended,244450,14783636,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Stein,After picking up the first Men of War a number of years ago the series has now become shovelware. I could only recomend to newcomers of the series as the latest iterateration brings nothing to the table except steamworks multiplayer. Very very disappointing to see the series take this unfortunate turn.
,Not Recommended,244450,15076543,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Gosha,"after the update, i cant play anymore wtf?"
76561197970720449,Recommended,244450,31826493,Posted: 18 May,all,-₪EPIC₪- LordDz,"Best RTS WW2 multiplayer game out there.The multiplayer is filled with potato computers and people who ragequits, so while I want more people to play it, I'm not sure if I can recommend it."
,Not Recommended,244450,16206098,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Savox,worst ie of all time
76561198019908062,Not Recommended,244450,16884419,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Clueless Bread,This is a short review for the reason of this is the same game as AS1 just with more maps and I feel like I wasted money by buying the same game twice.
,Not Recommended,244450,16123471,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,jsalinas,"This one of the best RTS I've ever played, but I can't recommend it, even more I encourage people to NOT buy it until the game developers make this game stable enough to play it without crashes. Right now it is nearly impossible to play it without a crash. Most mods I have played require to save at least every five minutes in order to not lost your progress on the mission.I'm sorry to have to write such a harsh review of one of the games that I like the most but it's really a shame that the developers don't take these issues seriously."
76561198152007161,Recommended,244450,34487003,Posted: 25 August,all,Gassious,"Amazing game, would recomend for anyone who is interested in WW2. Also, there is a TON of workshop stuff. 5 stars!"
,Not Recommended,244450,15099702,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Tye Tass,ive had so many problems with this stupid game had to reset my progress then it worked now i cant even ♥♥♥♥ing launch the piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥£5.74 well wasted i want a refund
,Recommended,244450,8730988,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Kane2k (fin),+1
76561198020030750,Not Recommended,244450,16926191,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Thucydides,"The game is pretty good if you are into WW2 RTS and micromanaging but there is so much that could be improved.Sadly the devs don't do the game justice. Bug fixes are few and far between for a start. But because I love the game so much I didn't mind.But the DLC are just a ripoof. Adding bots to multiplayer and the ability to save and share replys should NOT ever be paid DLC. It is like buying a car and then being charged extra for the windows. They are such basic features there is no excuse. Other companies give basic features like that as a free addon because they know it hsould be included since release. Hell, some devs even add extra content; weapons, maps, whatever (depending on game)!In vanilla I would have given it a recommend if you want a more realistic and micro managment intensive WW2 RTS than CoH2. With their attitude towards DLCs I have to say avoid."
,Recommended,244450,25224367,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Kool Keith,One of the best games I have ever played!
76561197971358057,Not Recommended,244450,12032340,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Wesreidau,"MoW: AS, plus an idiotic leveling system, 'trust' ratings that punish you for surrendering an impossible fight, and hardly a soul to play in the matchmaking (which you're forced to play to 'level up'). All for thirty bucks? I want my damned money back."
,Not Recommended,244450,15100466,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Sharpy,"Such a broken game, everytime you try and load a level, you can't play, there's a different issue every single level loading screen which throws you out the game, so glad I didn't buy this, don't rarely right reviews but for me, this was a waste of time and glad I didn't loose money in the process!"
,Not Recommended,244450,15098143,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,F1K |  BubbleGum #GOAT,I can't get it to work after I paid for it.
76561198080157462,Recommended,244450,24569268,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Mr.Nick Guy,"I love this game it is one of my most favourite world war 2 strategy games and just to tell you i played the whole company of heroes series, I recommend this game because the developers actually listen to their players which can be rare to find people like these guys today, this game deserves even more players then it has right now because this game offers a-lot of content including a full campaign of the Japanese, Germans, Russian, United states of America and even the British, this game also contains a steam workshop to help boost your gameplay if you think that something needs work on, and there is also a level editor where you can remake battles that happened in real life or just make a creative battle, and the multiplayer is a blast with other players, I really think this developer deserves the best and if you don't like the price wait for the steam summer sale so you can buy it for 10 bucks and thats a very good price for a game like this!"
76561198034525914,Not Recommended,244450,10205107,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Got Baking Soda? #Dicks Out,Game is missing many main features. Does not feel fully finished
76561198133845992,Not Recommended,244450,17056835,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Blitzwing,"Well I know its an Indie Developer, but still I don't recommend this RTS.You have a lot of Missions and really interesting game play.You can adjust a lot of stuff for the game .Interesting factions and you have really deep strategy in WW2.My 2 Points why I don't like this game:1 This game does crash online, did play today , does 3 times crash.2 For AI/Multiplayer bots in Multiplayer you must buy a 10 Euro DLC.well, LOL, how deep can a company go ? I mean its a basic stuff an RTS must have, well there are sometimes reason not to put in  a game , but demand money for it ?http://store.steampowered.com/app/357760/"
,Not Recommended,244450,13703008,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Clethos,"Only buy this game if you want to play GSM-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------EDIT: After owning the game for a while,I was willing to support the game,after GSM became unplayable. I recently was banned for asking how many people got banned in the community hub. To my suprise I was instantly banned for spamming. I was banned by a Men of War Assualt Squad Two developer, I was soon supported by many other people who have been banned unfairly.Instinct this is quite an unfair practice suppressing the community who doesn't envision what you want to see and to wrap  With is your workforce motto:An immense dedication to our community. Your dedication doesn't show by banning usMost unprofessional Instinct a.k.a Chris Kramer"
76561198210829923,Recommended,244450,30038345,Posted: 19 February,all,baddestkaji,this game is great and deserves so much more attetion the controls might be hard at first but with a few youtube videos steam disscusions and pratice it is easy
76561198005256144,Recommended,244450,29615399,Posted: 31 January,all,Crofty.,"Great game, start making MoW3"
76561198143171477,Recommended,244450,23771585,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Muse,"I love this game! The only issue that I have had with the game is that every time I tried to run the game it gave me an error and didn't run. My gaming experiance was on my cousin's computer and I loved every second of the game! I could have sat there and played for hours! I have yet to get the game to work on my own computer, but if you get the game working it is wonderful! I would definitly recomend it to my friends!"
,Recommended,244450,31142957,Posted: 14 April,all,Jacket The Deer,"I'm still pretty new to the game, but I can definetly tell this is a RTS game too good to pass up"
,Recommended,244450,28658548,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Anka Kuş Bilge,One of the best RTS game ever made along with its sequels... Missions may take hours to finish only 9 hours of gameplay but I accomplish to complete 4 missions. Replayability and workshop content is superb!If you are a die-hard RTS fan don't miss that game!
,Recommended,244450,23842243,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Machinegunbenji,"great realistic World War 2 game, you can play every country that had a big role in this war.i would recommend it to people that like thinking about how to flank and use units properly, and shoot their own soldiers12/10 would buy this"
,Recommended,244450,21924469,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,[FF] MuertoGonzo,9/10 would wait 30 mins in a multiplayer lobby  for people to join then have the other team rage quit 10 min into the game becuase i killed all there tanks with a Goliath
76561198064536844,Recommended,244450,24057390,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,KamikazeAlpaca,"Game is very strategic and skill based. The single player is kind of lack luster but it makes up for it in the multiplayer. Some things that are unique are the direct control feature where you can control your units movements and gun. You can do this on any unit in the game and it really dodges any problems you would have with Ai not going exactly where you want them or shoot where you want. Vehicle fighting is fun because they don't just have a health bar, they have components on them that can be damaged and need to be repaired. When fighting a heavy tank that your gun can't pin, if you flank around the side of it you might be able to pin through the weaker side armor, it adds a very fun game mechanic. It does require a lot of micro but that is part of the fun."
76561198081224114,Recommended,244450,26292745,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,alemismun,Beautifull SFXhttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=789345309
,Recommended,244450,26028049,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Forced to play cs,This game is Great for a realistic world war 2 RTS .however i constantly get confsued by my vehicles randomly flipping
,Recommended,244450,27892385,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Commie Smasher,10/10 Would spawn kill a new player with German tanks again.But honestly the game is really good. It has a good amount mods that will always keep the game new and refreshing and the player base is very consistent. Every day there is around 800 to 1500 players on. Some issues is that there are barely any aircraft usage in the game without mods. The game is more realistic than say company of heroes but if you want a truly realistic experience your going to need to add mods to the game.
76561198251443306,Recommended,244450,24040970,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Jake,very good game
,Recommended,244450,21559207,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,America,"I love this game, base game is a good introduction and is fun and helps you understand the different sides with there strengths and weaknessess. Where this game trully shines is in the modding there is a very large amount of skins maps full mods that make the game very replayable. Controls are good as well, takes some time learning the menus , repairing, controlling, etc. There is also an editor where you can make youre own maps and upload them to the steam workshop or keep it for youre self. There is also multiplayer which is fun with friends or randoms which offers a competitive experience on regular or modded maps.pros:-Good gameplay- fun co op online experience-good amount of content in base game-modding is amazing and has a great amount of content to offer from the great commuity-offers a fun and enjoyable experiencecons:-takes a srong computer to run high settings- units get stuck sometimes (mostly in modded maps)Overall this game is fun and enjoyable and can appeal to many people with its large amout of mods and awesome battlesHope this review was helpful!"
,Recommended,244450,33293928,Posted: 5 July,all,Imperial Jenga ✠,ModsOnly thing its good for
,Recommended,244450,33214187,Posted: 3 July,all,Duffles,"Great RTS, realistic in a way.Workshop is great, a lot of modders put effort into making it.Fun with friends.You need a strong comuputer for good grahphics doe xd."
76561198295000357,Recommended,244450,31976135,Posted: 26 May,all,paraplegic,get it
,Recommended,244450,33679008,Posted: 20 July,all,Wankey,"Of all the tactical, company level games I've played, this one is the best. Perfect infantry movement, actually smart tank movement (albiet too many tanks = traffic jam). The game *feels* real, its path finding problems feel like real world path finding problems, it's tracers feel like tracers and damn do the artillery feel like artillery.I wish there were more games like this, where after playing a few hours, you actually start caring for your men, when you lose squads you feel bad for squads lost. I've actually played and replayed missions because I want to see how little men I lose because they feel like actual people.All in all, great game."
76561198097308441,Recommended,244450,34954234,Posted: 14 September,all,The Departed,i love the real harsh burning experience of ww2.great game.9/10
76561198193031054,Recommended,244450,22643426,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,MariusMedia,Best Real-Time Strategy game ever seen.
,Recommended,244450,32555444,Posted: 18 June,all,Glaz,"This is a great video game. However, like all games, they have their drawbacks. This one has the worst of them. A bad game engine. GEM is a good game ending, capable of alot. However, it's just not stable. Sometimes unplayable framerates. Overall, a good game, but keep the load light."
76561198165260166,Recommended,244450,18013776,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,roGNit,"Очень классная игра с массой возможностей,отличной графикой и многим другим. Тем кому нравятся стратегии -качайте не пожалеете"
,Recommended,244450,33765014,Posted: 24 July,all,TeMplaR ;v,"Wanna send out a bunch of Soviets screaming ""For the Motherland!"" in campaing, or you wanna spam altilery and rage quit your opponent in multiplayer, or maybe u want to play coop campaing with your friends, you can also get in editor and try out troops and make your own battles and maps, u have so many things to do here and if you are into WW2 strategy stuff this game is right for you11/10 IGN"
76561198093642814,Recommended,244450,34142630,Posted: 10 August,all,Xtreme Meal,"A great strategy game with unique mechanics and loads of fun especially with mods such as Robz, GSM, Red Frog and many more."
76561198128920396,Recommended,244450,33647651,Posted: 19 July,all,HPman213,"Hot damn is this game addicting! I've watched people on YouTube play this game for years, and have just recently started playing the game seriously. Now that I've started... I can't stop playing."
,Recommended,244450,22991549,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,ArbitratoR,"Vivid and tactically demanding, Assault Squad is a brilliant multiplayer game that's even better in multiplayer - a must have for any World War 2 enthusiast!"
76561198162235244,Recommended,244450,27816553,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,FraMasZ,Great wwII game.
,Recommended,244450,34202615,Posted: 12 August,all,Salary,"When I first bought this game, I thought it would be just another generic World War 2 RTS, akin to Command and Conquer. When I actually played it, I was blown away. The graphics are stunning, the combat is realistic and much, much more detailed than I had expected, and it actually immerses you. I felt bad for every soldier or vehicle that died or was destroyed in the multiplayer or singleplayer. It can just be written off as a graphical and mechanical upgrade of AS1, but it's fun as all hell. The only problem i have with it is the amount of crashes. any mods that conflicted would crash, and I'd have to individually delete them from my subscription list to single out the one that caused the crash. That annoyed me, but that's about it. There aren't a lot of things wrong with this game.Great game, I'd suggest it to anyone that likes a detailed WW2 RTS."
76561198015742085,Recommended,244450,14077264,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Caskwine,"Far, far more polished game than others in its genre, especially company of heroes 2. Infact, would be an easy choice to buy mowas 2 over coh2. 4.5/5"
76561198008413411,Recommended,244450,25213156,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Fr33fall,"All's nice and fun especially how you can ram through basically every building with a tank, but once a small rock gets in your way or the slope is a bit more steeper you'll be stuck and have to reverse, but then you'll realise you cant reverse the way you want to so you have to reverse with your engine towards the enemy heavy tanks and guess what, they won't stop their firing."
76561198110532913,Recommended,244450,32920965,Posted: 28 June,all,Adolf Kitler,Werry nice game 10\10
,Recommended,244450,15109110,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,[Liška] LadaBoxCZ🦊,"This game is amazing i really love this game but you want play multiplayer with friends , your friends must have perfect sync and perfect connection.I hope thats gonna be fixed becouse i have played like 6 games in multiplayer and in every time someone get kick from server becouse he was ''out of sync'' thats need to be fixed optimalization is very badBut anyway that game is really amazing i liked ( but multiplayer must to be done and fixed )Sorry for my bad English."
,Recommended,244450,34088636,Posted: 7 August,all,Tesserarius Sextus,"I for one have enjoyed the everliving hell out of this game. Not only does it offer an authentic WW2 strategy experience, it is also very challenging when put on the right difficulty. Sometimes battles get down to the very last man and largely depend on who can make the quickest decision. The only problem I see is the game crashing from time to time, however if you can see past that this is a must get!"
76561198100832504,Recommended,244450,26053396,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,ph3n0,Men of Wait ;)
,Recommended,244450,16309564,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,SirSmokeALot[GER],Best real time strategy game ever.Rating : 10/10
,Recommended,244450,14508963,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Obersturmbannführer-SS,"Best RTS ever, possibly the best strategy game ever.  Short and to the point.  Get it now!"
,Recommended,244450,29768003,Posted: 7 February,all,jkw,A very old but high quality game its a unique kind of rts.
76561198032091093,Not Recommended,244450,26187502,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,vonEYEzine,"Is this game 10 times better than company of heroes?   YESI am soooo tiered of games that the units engage in combat with auto hit system (al la starcraft) so it turns into a health bar drainage with not to hit or miss possiblity. Basically an rts water balloon fight to see what unit counters what and drains health bars quicker than other units as the main focus. The person who click manages the build system is the one who comes out on top usually.None of that here...each unit is spawned based on objectives like coh but more realistic. Each unit has a personal name, gain experience based on performance, and have attritional statistical values that contribute to a hit or miss attack as well as variable damage. Each section of the map is an all encompassing campain, not a region that loads once you arrive there trigering the ai at that monment to take action.THIS GAME IS FANTASTIC ...HOWEVER....Biggest complaint tho with this game....WHY IN THE HELL Do THE UPDATES KILL THE PREVIOUS SAVES!!!EFFECTIVLY THIS GAME IS BROKEN! you will never get through the campain before they pull a mandatory update again one day and render all of your previous saves unreadable! its the single most rediculous thing ever. In fact I dont know a game that does that. But yeah, You will continually have to start from the beginning with the way its set up. loose all your  hard work and experienced units that carry over to the the next fight becuase they dont know how to code the saves to work with new versions of the game once its updated. so you just loose it all!"
,Recommended,244450,14410094,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Nik The Greek,"the best rts game ever createdso intense, realistic and strategic!!!if you are a person that loves RTS games then this is definitely THE game for you, it has a lot of detail on it like ammo management and the most exciting thing, direct control of your troopsEDIT:i made this review way back when i started playing the game.many things have changed, there were major updates and absolutely insane mods that keep the game at its peak!if you are the type of person that loves intense, dynamic, epic fights of wwii (and not only as the mods allow you to play modern warfare as well) then this game is for you, you will not regret it, some days ago it had a 1.1 gb update and it made the game a bit more smoothSEE YOU ON THE BATTLEFIELD!"
76561198144006333,Recommended,244450,24873641,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Jager,"It's a decent WWII RTS. You can learn the basics in the tutorial provided and eventually start advancing once you begin the singleplayer. However, the mutiplayer is unforgiving in this game. You will be hampered, tossed around, gang banged... every match will literally become nightmare fuel for you and your teammates...I'd recommend staying away from the multiplayer as it has many vets sticking around until the day you eventually master the singleplayer or become a brilliant strategist, then give it a try...With friends for double the fun. If you're concerned about the pricing of the game, I'd suggest waiting until a sale to buy the complete edition as it includes more singleplayer missions, multiplayer bots ( only server hosts need this to enable), and more. Is it worth it you ask? Well uhh...This wasn't in the script..♥♥♥♥♥♥yeah go and buy it. But don't forget to buy it during a sal-"
,Not Recommended,244450,13820456,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Sanny,"Basically you're buying the first one all over again, now with multiplayer support."
,Not Recommended,244450,17125513,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Berluschneider,"I played almost all MOW games since before they were released on steam and i didn't saw great engine or AI improvements yet. All these new MOW's coming out just seem as big DLC's of basic MOW. Just like Red Tide. Was it really necessary to make a full game about the red army in WW2? That is just a standalone DLC that should cost like 5 dollars. AS2 just looks like AS with more glitches , random crashes , sync errors , editor random crashes etc.... And the devs are just ignoring everyone after 1 year of complaining. Wake up devs"
76561198074284927,Not Recommended,244450,17731535,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,G.Mitchell,after placeing 10 troops it stops and kicks me out and it makes me so ♥♥♥♥ing mad
,Recommended,244450,9240015,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Viper151,I have been playing the men of war series for a long time and i have to say this game has the best multiplayer.
76561198036006374,Not Recommended,244450,17148139,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Ðatisan,"I think the series is doing really bad with the new small updates that cost 30+ Euro, also if you want to play with AI and have fun you have to buy the DLC, if you can't then you just try to find a lobby which takes several hours due to the horrible community that doesn't want you to play the game and loves kicking people instead of playing the hosts just really love sitting in pre game lobby for several hours. Also ranking up in this game is hard because developers implemented a new feature called Dsync probably the only feature that affects games the most other then the new GUI.What I want from the next Installment is a new Men of War game, maybe Men of War 2 that isn't a copy from 2003 with less features and more problems. I hope Best Way developes the next Men of War instead of the current kids tweaking the past 4 Men of War games they would of been a much better game if they used a new engine or upgraded the current one in a noticible way, the only upgrade I see in AS2 is bad AI and Dsyc. Bestway please listen and make the next MoW i've played played MOW 1 and Faces of War the other ones are just ruined versions of those games.I am just trying to say DMS needs to work harder you take everything out of the old games and just tweak it a little with bad ideas, and sell it as a brand new game."
76561198007218019,Recommended,244450,9816125,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,General Dogsbody,"I was in the main, interested in pre 20th Century warfare and played games accordingly.  Having become very disillusioned with a well known companies latest RTS game which I had been waiting for...for many years, I went out looking for a replacement just to keep me occupied until they got their act together and put it right.  Looking through my old games I resurrected MOWAS1, played a few games and really enjoyed myself.  Then noticed that MOWAS2 was being released in Beta during March 2014, read the blurb and signed up and duly paid my monies for the Deluxe edition...  Since then I have never looked back, I have loved every bit of the 140 odd hours played (that equates to less than £0.15p per hour), and it hasnt even been officially released yet.  Sure there are glitches (still Early Access when writing this post), but they will be resolved. the single play and Co-op has been envigorating and have made many new friends to wile away the hours with.  I highly recommend this game to anyone from a single play and Co-op play perspective (Not really played enough Multiplay to comment).  Bye-the-way, I havent even looked back to see if the ancients RTS game I waited for, has improved......"
76561198086868232,Recommended,244450,12478524,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Birdynumnum999,"one of the best , if not the best ww2 statergy game out there .... amazing detail ,realism, graphics and authenticityA great community creates a better gaming experience and men of war 2has this to great effect.There are no visable faults or negitives to this game just all out war on a hugely controllable level"
,Recommended,244450,16528705,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Marie Smalley,Bought the gameplayed itgame brokecrashed every time I load mp and spgave up0/20BUT THEN.......................................................game fixed after reinstalling for about the fith or sixth time months later :)8/10
,Recommended,244450,15167291,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,12 Years a Hacker,"First I have to say that I love strategy games and I have played a lot of them. But THIS game gives me so much I wished for other games. Its like Company of Heroes but for the grown ups. Now THIS is realistic, indepth strategy where every man counts!I really loves this game and would recommend it to everyone out there!"
,Recommended,244450,29846219,Posted: 11 February,all,lethal ham,is fun
,Recommended,244450,17398459,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Polkovnik Berezin ☭,"A WW2 Strategy game- the first I've played actually! And I'm very happy with it.I often play it with a friend of mine using the LAN feature (and wreck him as Soviets... Anyway) and I'm pleased with it. It has decent graphics, offers an acceptable campeign, but has great gameplay.It's definately worth buying!"
,Recommended,244450,15115915,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,MrSinistarr,"This is clearly a highly emmersed and well thought out game. While playing it for free (before I bought it on sale) I had in one skirmish to go fix up a special tank behind enemy lines. While the enemys did crush me time and time again, I then learned I could tell the tank crew fixing the tank with a repair kit to pick up a bazooka and shoot the enemy tanks that were bothering me. The fact that I could pick up any old equiptment dropped by allied/enemy soldiers and blow up buildings just by driving my tank through them was astounding, and I've loved the game ever since."
76561198226640572,Recommended,244450,23254474,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Benito Mussolini,"Its a real time strategy game, in which you control units from WWII, both individually, and simultaniously.What else would you want from a strategy game?"
76561198020311902,Recommended,244450,18022297,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Stryker,"If you like top down, military related, and strategy games then this is the perfect game for you. This is by far one of my top favorite games, not only are the missions great and time consuming in a good way, but the multiplayer opens up a whole new world of awesome sauce. If you are on the fence about purchasing this game, id say jump on this side you will not regret it, you have my word."
76561198018275196,Recommended,244450,27951674,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Prowler,"This game is in dire need of a tutorial, the gameplay is advanced and simple ""Buy big tank, win game"" thought processes do not work, which is probably why so many newcomers get turned off from it. Everything is vulnerable in this game, the units are as historically accurate as possible and the developer is constantly rolling out updates and improvements to balance the online interactions between all of the factions. The direct control element of this game is one of the greatest gameplay mechanics ever for an RTS game that allows you to singlehandedly turn the tide of any game.TL:DRPros:Rich GameplayHistoically accurateIntuitiveSandbox feel allows for creative solutions to battlefield problemsConstant developer tweaks to balance and additional units added for free (RE: No DLC needed)Direct Control element unheard of in RTS that singlehandedly puts this game above other RTSCons:Immense learning curve that the singleplayer elements don't prepare you forLong times in lobby getting a game togetherUnforgiving (Salty) community that expects you to understand gameplay mechanics not taught by the game"
,Recommended,244450,28086047,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Kettensägenfuchs,"MoW Assault Squad 2 features more maps and units than Assault Squad 1 and the multiplayer really works, thanks to the Steam integration, unlike the MP in AS 1.In total, MoW AS 2 is a very rewarding tactical simulation and relatively easy to figure out for beginners while still demanding for advanced players. The only downsides are relatively linear levels/attack waves, but there's lots of fun to be had with the 5 available factions and their respective units. Different game objectives/setups for the different missions help shake up things, too. Your troops usually act pretty realistically, and the restrictions on inventory/ammo/fuel and the simulation of projectiles and hit chances add to the realism.Would buy again!"
,Recommended,244450,29692952,Posted: 4 February,all,Hrdbas Atak,"Great game. Get it.If you haven't bought it yet what are you doing with your life. It has huge mods. Like Galaxy At War. I have I convinced you yet?  If so,  buy it..."
76561198048223486,Recommended,244450,23821910,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Rick Grimes,"If you are a fan of the WW2 strategy game genre then I would highly recommend this game as the multiplayer holds many hours of entertainment. The biggest let down for the game is the single player. However, I found myself glued to the seat with such a strong multiplayer, and I can see many people enjoying it."
76561198269291787,Recommended,244450,24347072,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Jimmy,The game is amazing and really allows you to be creative whe making your own battles or strategic when playing the campaign. So even thought its not free i would say this game is worth the costfor hours of fun and getting bored of a game happens but you know that you will be entertained when you come back.
,Recommended,244450,17928155,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,TheAragon1,War-Thunder: RTS battles DLC
76561198013730357,Recommended,244450,21403416,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Dablaster,Best Strategy game
76561198057075897,Recommended,244450,21758263,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,[APG][DK] Dawnstorm,"Want a historically accurate, yet balanced rts, that requires stratagy and skill to play. Then this is the game for you. In MOH AS2 You can control everything your units do, in this game tactics can beat even the heaviest armor!"
,Recommended,244450,21542227,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Dagi,"It has a bit buggy controls and UI but once you get into it, its hard to find another game to replace this. This game also has some nice MOD`s!"
76561198058066081,Recommended,244450,24066143,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,^Rhyzz^,Freaking love this game.
,Recommended,244450,22542149,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,JdotRdot6,"Real good game, addicting."
76561198157377864,Recommended,244450,21218902,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,The Rad Russian,"Was skeptical at first, I thought it was impossible to make a WW2 strategy game better than Company of Heros 2. I am so happy I was wrong, very, very wrong."
76561198211441867,Recommended,244450,21817623,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Kevlar465,This Game Is SOOOOOO COOOOOL. Only thing that sucks about it is that you need to buy a lot of stuff to get lots of missions. In my opinion NOT worth $30+$34 if ya want to play dope maps. They need to fix a lot of stuff still.
76561198017193269,Recommended,244450,18198641,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Mr.Hankki,"""Competetive"" WW2 Strategy game and the direct control is awesome and you can install crazy mods too."
76561198068867890,Recommended,244450,22198459,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Anastesia Lawes,"I think this is an awsome game, but I'm absolutely infuriated that you got to buy an dlc if you want to play against bots on multiplayer."
,Recommended,244450,21080136,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,RJSWalker,"Company of Heros & Close Combat. <3Took me time to get used to the controls(scrolling and moving on map)All in all good, all factions free *cough cough* CoH2Haven't tried mods yet, but they all seem good."
,Recommended,244450,26685673,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,VasT_Critical,really depends what type of games you like personaly this is a dream game for me. perfect for you if you like WW2 and strategic games. play this game its great and i still enjoy it ive played for the past 2  years
76561198029028211,Recommended,244450,28171296,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,mUZRA,"Possibly the richest tactical RTS available.If you were a fan of company of heroes, blitzkrieg or RTS in general I highly recommend."
76561198242130058,Recommended,244450,24242388,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,_VOLIX_,fantastic game
76561197996903847,Recommended,244450,33182597,Posted: 3 July,all,TwistedHelixis,"This is a very easy game to get the hang of. Unlike similar style games which have you needing to click a billian buttons around the edge of the screen and needing to spend a year learning what they do, this game is more of a point click advance game with limited need to click other buttons.Although I have not had this for long there are different game styles within the singleplayer, like capture the flag and defend the base.The graphics are great, the gameplay is very good and does make you want to come back for more."
76561198319434213,Recommended,244450,27981293,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,* LGG * Søviet,"Just recently hit 101 hours in this game, so I thought I'd describe how great this game is in 101 ways. :)Admirable!Amazing!Arresting!Astonishing!Astounding!Awesome!Awe-inspiring!Beautiful!Breathtaking!Brilliant!Capital!Captivating!Clever!Commendable!Delightful!Distinguished!Distinctive!Engaging!Enjoyable!Estimable!Excellent!Exceptional!Exemplary!Exquisite!Extraordinary!Fabulous!Fantastic!Fascinating!Finest!First-rate!Flawless!Four-star!Glorious!Grand!Great!Impressive!Incomparable!Incredible!Inestimable!Invaluable!Laudable!Lovely!Magnificent!Marvelous!Masterful!Mind-blowing!Mind-boggling!Miraculous!Monumental!Notable!Noteworthy!Out of sight!Out of this world!Outstanding!Overwhelming!Peerless!Perfect!Phenomenal!Praiseworthy!Priceless!Rapturous!Rare!Refreshing!Remarkable!Sensational!Singular!Skillful!Smashing!Solid!Special!Spectacular!Splendid!Splendiferous!Splendorous!Staggering!Sterling!Striking!Stunning!Stupendous!Super!Superb!Super-duper!Superior!Superlative!Supreme!Surprising!Terrific!Thumbs up!Thrilling!Tiptop!Top-notch!Transcendent!Tremendous!Unbelievable!Uncommon!Unique!Unparalleled!Unprecedented!Wonderful!Wondrous!World-class!"
,Recommended,244450,26873141,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Pay_fLre,Noice WW2 Strategy Game
76561198080520448,Recommended,244450,24589936,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Twins,its very fun more with ur friends im hopeing they well had a proper skermas so i can have fun with firends lol
,Recommended,244450,26781197,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,RPG 121,I love making my own missions in the editor.
76561197976761111,Recommended,244450,32792840,Posted: 25 June,all,jakebullet,AWESOME GAME VERY LIKE COMPANY OF HEROES BUT WITHOUT THE BASE BUILDING BUT THE MORE AREAS YOU CONTROL THE BETTER THE EQUIPTMENT YOU GET TO USE
76561198206842189,Recommended,244450,23335497,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Akr1d,Amazing game it really is one my all time favourite strategy games with very little bugs although the difference between singleplayer and multiplayer is big as the troop are near invincible in singleplayer and near useless in multiplayer if you dont dig in and make them come to you
76561198129520579,Recommended,244450,30195693,Posted: 26 February,all,grafspee12,with robz mod this game is perfect
76561198313723201,Recommended,244450,32955260,Posted: 28 June,all,The Suspect,This game is amasingly fun addictive and imersing
,Recommended,244450,32931201,Posted: 28 June,all,Gigahertz,Great strategy game
76561198034111006,Recommended,244450,15258015,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Sia_PR,Exelente juego de estrategia de la segunda guerra mundial lo recomiendo ya que es muy amplio y completo el juego y tienee muchas divercidades de forma de como jugarlo.
76561198144561483,Recommended,244450,17904875,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,[SG]SpartanStrudel,Love the editor..Campaign is crap...But thatss what modders are for :D
,Recommended,244450,20263221,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,snipermakedonski,"Very good game, especially with mods. Would recommend!"
,Recommended,244450,20662538,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,[EDGE] Sanddru,"A pretty challenging but fun to learn strategy game. To win a game against a experienced player you have to be focused, patient and willing to take game changing chances. A biiig downside though is the time it takes to find a perfect match, most games that you join in the pub are either really laggy or unfair."
76561198220182923,Recommended,244450,20986181,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,super ninja,it is a pretty good game
76561198081926920,Recommended,244450,26585611,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,ames_not_james,"The learning curve is about as punishing as a blitzkrieg through the Ardennes, but it's hella fun. Look up some Youtube tutorials and keep playing; eventually it shows the fun!"
76561198278335162,Recommended,244450,26559522,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Kacperbb8,A very good game. Best shooter and WW2 stratergy put into 1.
76561198353938469,Recommended,244450,30008723,Posted: 18 February,all,Pingu,"It's a really amazing game, good if you like WW2 and need a fun game to burn off some time or just enjoy something fun."
,Recommended,244450,26461054,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,DarkVector,"One of the best Strategy games i have ever played.. Best details, Limited ammo, Overwhelming no. of enemy to defeat,... just loved it...!!"
76561198283362961,Recommended,244450,28249068,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Jävla gardintjyv,"IF you want a really good rts this is the game for you, there is a ton of content that you can put hundreds of hours into and with all the awesome mods you can probably put 500 or maybe even a thousand hours into it. I really recommended the robz realism mod.The mp in this game is good but it's pretty damn hard to find a game with low ping I usually get into games and when I get in there is this Russian guy with 500 Ping, destroying the ping for everyone else."
,Recommended,244450,26212852,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,RedAssasin51423,This is plainly an awesoem game.The graphics are superior to any other WW2 RTS that I know of and the gameplay is solid and refined.
,Recommended,244450,26367949,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,1148049676,突击小队里2有着丰富的任务以及遭遇战，每个单位都可以第一人称控制，已达到精细的操作。同时创意工坊里还有更加丰富的任务。非常不错的游戏
,Recommended,244450,27869713,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,[SP]Mr.Flashlight,It has steam workshop thats all you need to know.
76561198160670512,Recommended,244450,25540559,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,S?S jallu111,"Plays the game. gets to the final flag. Thinks I may just go and get some coffee and go out with my friends ill continue this when i get back. (saves the game) Comes back to home. (new version of men of war assault squad 2) downloads it. Tryes to load the save. ""this save was made in the older version of men of war assault squad 2 and cannot be loaded"" G ♥♥♥♥ING G"
,Recommended,244450,24357777,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,The End,"Played as Nazi Germany, got a 4 - 5 veterancy tank...Saw an achilles.♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.. What to do what to do...Tried shooting it, but can't due to it being far...It got the first shot and killed most of the tank crew, two survived the whole match...10/10 Never forget the story of the 4 - 5 veteran tank that almost got destroyed by achilles.Real Review:So Men of War: Assault Squad 2, is about WW2, where you command forces of five factions. Nazi Germany, Japan, Brits, Soviets and Americans.I will say that to get use to this game, you have to learn from other players (Like one of my friends who bought the game recently) or you will be beaten really fast. But playing with a friend will give you really epic moments, like rushing in a zone to kill everyone but get yourself killed, then send in a tank to support the last of your men and capture the point.MOW has a lot of bugs, but can be fixed by getting Robz Realism Mod (Which is really popular) which adds more realism, vehicles and much more. The mods that people make are some of the best ones that i played.Score: 9/10"
76561198132801563,Recommended,244450,24364360,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Storm™,10/10 would make a flamethrower army again
76561198081236127,Recommended,244450,24382353,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Vlad The Serial Killer,"This game is awesome!!! i used to play it normally without mods, and i loved it!!  but then i started playing with mods, i couldn't stop playing!!!!! when you use the editor the game, it just becomes so much more awesome!! you can create awesome battles with tons and tons of units!!!!   Btw if you do get the game (which is highly recommended), you NEED to download the red rising mod!!!! it makes the game more fun after you complete all of the vanilla missions!!"
76561198084948963,Recommended,244450,21696070,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Chris Hardwick,Don't have the game and can review it. 10/10
76561198170143719,Recommended,244450,21938054,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Vaporwave Master,It looks like a good game but I need to get a better pc until I'm able to play it
,Recommended,244450,27931733,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Hippy,Soldiers in the sandbox!
,Recommended,244450,28102993,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,The Joker,"Really good graphics, Realistic, Fun. Such a good game to play, there is alot of time on singleplayer and endless hours on multiplayer. Quite expensive but worth the money. Fantastic value if it is on sale."
76561198029514291,Recommended,244450,25050577,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,captain baconface,"I have spend a lot of hours on this game and there will follow many more.Finished the campain?Download a modd, you will get more units more misions more country's!Can this game be better than it is, ofcourse it can but is there any game what could not?And is it worth €35,99 (cause you better can buy all instead of just the basic game) well i think it is.Just cause of people like Sir Hinkel and Robz (and ofcourse many more) adding so much great content to the game."
76561198202036726,Recommended,244450,28226817,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Neiker45,"I don't know what you're doing with your life if you dont buy this game.It still amazes me the level of detail this game goes into which parallels to WW2.If you love war try this out, you won't be decieved."
76561198109017160,Recommended,244450,27115399,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ice cube,An exelent game with a grate comunity and allot of mod's to choose from that make the game that much better. Much more fun can be expected if you have friends to play with but the campain isn't half bad. The AI path finding is horrible some times but still better than the one they in used in MOAW1. Solid 9/10
76561198142269499,Recommended,244450,26682363,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,hyperkid7,AMAZING. This an amazing sequel to the first Assault squad. Occasional bugs as this is updated the most as many of the Men of War games. 11/10
76561198199086407,Recommended,244450,26553552,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Twitch-Valk-Main,i keep on trying to open the game but it keeps crashing this is after i downloaded sirhinkels mod ive turn my laptop on and off and tried heaps any advice?
76561198094227547,Recommended,244450,26558565,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,T-4 Medic Eugene Roe,this is to the creator of the game:i think the game is awesome but i cant get it to start so if i get it again sometime id like some help
76561198271917436,Recommended,244450,26583045,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Xrox77,This game is fun af
,Recommended,244450,26587776,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Bigarmsrobertmeyers,125hrs and still going strong.I wish they would make another game like this.
,Recommended,244450,26601218,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Bashrah,Its company of heroes for adults :-D
,Recommended,244450,28295599,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Washington,cool
76561198037202817,Recommended,244450,25305215,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,H.L-Hamilton,Great game! And it gets even better with mods like RobZ!
,Recommended,244450,28776353,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,SandslashXL,"I accidentally ran over my own troops with an M10 Wolverine Tank Destroyer. In response, the troops shouted ""Who's ready for medals, boys?""10/10"
76561198142564954,Recommended,244450,22481859,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,double chalupa,Very fun and energizing.
,Recommended,244450,24267793,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,FishcakeBomber,-Starts Game-Has Prior Experience (Pirating is for f***faces [including me] )-Loads Up A Multiplayer Match-Gets Into Multi-Lobby-Is Bombarded with Russian Text-Starts Match-Does Well to Start-Get's KV-1 Destroyed-Whole Flank Falls-Everyone is Yelling at Me in Chat-I Feel Like♥♥♥♥♥♥-Plays Another Match Expecting Something Better-Gets the Same Result10/10 Karl Marx Approved
76561198078393821,Not Recommended,244450,30801428,Posted: 28 March,all,emem238,"After a while of ""Beating around the bush"" thinking i didnt just waste 30 bucks i came to a realization that i cant give this game a Recommend.. You may say well you gotz lots of hours on it. It means nothing , take my hours of experience as Advice.I am Very VeRy split about this game.I have men of war (oringinal) , Assualt squad (1) , and obviously the secondI am very disappointed in this sequel..Missions have no variety , Same mission different skins. Same with weapons.*Note the m1 grands have 5 shots unlike the oringal 8.This is Basically Assualt squad 1 copied and pasted with some bug fixes + Auto ammo resupply with truck (which is nice) . I have noticed im not playing for the game but more so for the multiplayer. Devs Refuse to add Actaul missions like how they did in the first one. Now its basic Capture this point and defend this and eliminate the officer and scout this ect. ALL THE MISSIONS ARE THE EXACT SAME , DIFFERENT MAP AND DIFFERENT SKINS . It really makes me sad on how much potintial this game has .Thank you for listening in the end  if you want multiplayer - Download i guess but if you expect ""New"" content , your not gonna get it ."
76561198103018241,Recommended,244450,33464313,Posted: 11 July,all,Nell,Love to play it with my friends but thay tend to spam For 'The Motherland' and well MoW2.exe has stopped responding. . . All and All great game love the mods for it too.
76561198119514304,Recommended,244450,31986214,Posted: 26 May,all,The Boy Litty Jingwei,Dis sheit uber litty.
76561198001174731,Recommended,244450,13059243,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Kjetil,"I've played the earlier version of this game for more than 500 hours. I enjoy it a lot as you get a lot of controll and realism packed in decent graphics, complimented with historical weapons and units. Prefer this over CoH!"
76561198004334731,Recommended,244450,24771877,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Redington Morse,"Pretty good game! Has a steep learning curve but once you play for a few hours you'll get the hang of it. I will say I wish it had a bit more of a relaxed pace to it, as you must be on your toes at all times. There is a lot of micro management in this game and that is the one downside I feel. But thats just my opinion, some people will be into that some won't. Gameplay is repetitive too which is a bit of a letdown. I'd also like to be able to have better control over enemy ai settings- I turn my back for 2 minutes (literally) and they have spawned 3 tanks and swarmed my positions. I'm not always in the mood for a super intense match. Also the UI leaves A LOT to be desired but thats not a deal breaker just gotta work with it...Overall I'd say 7.8/10."
76561198334772907,Recommended,244450,33394548,Posted: 8 July,all,MillzThaKrazed,I'd do it again in a heartbeat 20/10
,Recommended,244450,33381518,Posted: 8 July,all,Adrian Shepard,"It's a very good WW2 RTS and better yet....YOU CAN MOD IT,Ranging to Civil War battles to The russians invading the U.S mods! 9/10 I give it that because for personal problems i don't get good FPS"
,Recommended,244450,33382012,Posted: 8 July,all,GDOG,Very good
,Recommended,244450,23731726,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Foxxo does a communism,All the fun
76561198310764111,Recommended,244450,32781559,Posted: 25 June,all,Dakota,Love this game i would reccomend to anyone who is looking for a good ww2 rts game.just one of the big negatives i would have to say is that all the missions for all the different country are the same just with different equipment and map locations but the objective`s are the same.
76561198104156931,Recommended,244450,35088831,Posted: 20 September,all,The council is dissapointed,Some times units stuck at certain terrain or slops plus unfair battle system like showing tanks icons on minimaps differentiating from other infantry units which is the role of radioman or spotter......fog of war shuld be restricted to each units saperately if one units reveals fog of war it should be hidden from other units..just like it is in reality unless radioman spot units location...units animation and lighting effects needs to be improved...but it is still far much better then any other RTS
,Recommended,244450,35214909,Posted: 25 September,all,NatureBob,"I love games based around World War II and I believe this one hits number one for me!  The reason why I say this is because out of all the WWII games I have played, this has to be my favourite by far.  You get to pick what country you want to play as and control troops and armour.  Unlike other RTS games that the characters are large in comparison to the map (like a board game), Men of War makes everything the correct size.  When you run out of missions to complete you can add all sorts of mods to make the games feel different and enjoyable again.  You also recieve the map editor with the game that I believe is the true ""GEM"" of the game.  You get to create your own maps and publish them for others to play.  There is really limitless amount of options to do in this game!"
,Recommended,244450,35142323,Posted: 22 September,all,Coco,"Oh, so you managed to sneak into the base and capture the point using 2 soldier only with knives while doing mission in steath mode against 50 tanks and 200 enemy infantry units in 2 hours?Now defend the base for 30 minutes and dont you dare to die.11/10."
76561198095132155,Recommended,244450,21005203,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,isolatedfleet,"Great game, AI is evil on the enemy team and mentally challenged on yours and steam decides to put it on sale for 75% off a few days after I buy it and there is no Schwerer Gustav for a support call for the germans 7/10 would lose to the easy AI again also the view controls are horrible"
76561198091181351,Recommended,244450,20100593,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Comrade Datatrex,"I love this game, it is hard to find a game where you can systematically slaughter thousands of men without feeling the least bit of remorse. I recommend this game to edgy white kids or closet psychopaths who need a kill fix."
76561198088771643,Recommended,244450,23807692,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,ÜBER,"This is a great game overall. If you think that something is missing in this game, i guarantee that there is a mod that will fix it. Like robz realism. ( btw GET ROBZ REALISM ITS GREAT!) or if you want some battleships duking it out then download the battleships mod. Now, i cant say i know to much about MP or Sp, with the exception of editor. Which btw i have around 160 + hours on. But the time ive spent on MP its great fun! And playing the 'Campaign' you can do either co operative or solo, put it on a harder difficulty and play one of robz missions and you and you allies might spend hours on the missions. I think that this game is worth buying, especially on sales."
76561198041832614,Recommended,244450,23520796,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,🍀Edward 101™,"Watch the trailer, the game really looks that way, if you have the right hardware.  Use a coupon or wait for a sale, and when you have the chance to get the game for less than 10 bucks, you should probably buy it. As long as you like strategic war games.High detailed battle field, destructible buildings and trees. Fire a mortar shell in a house and crush your enemy with flying debris or a falling tree. Capture an enemy tank and repair it. Most units have an inventory to carry ammo, weapons and repair kits, search fallen soldiers and abandoned vehicles for such items.+ Tooltips and autosave- Interaction with units is sometimes a bit difficult, but you get used to that9.8/10"
,Recommended,244450,21211099,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,DiscoTits,"Their is a few things that this game could improve, one of them is the campaign, the campaign is not the most interesting to play, and it would have been better of it was similar to the original Men of War campaign. But the star feature of this game is the editor, there is so many things that you can do with the editor, like Making custom missions, making awesome battles, or just sandboxing and experementing with the variety of mods on the Workshop. The MP of the game is fun to play with your friends and make large battles."
76561198268601622,Recommended,244450,29867155,Posted: 12 February,all,svenskOST,"Its at least top 3 game ive ever played!Awesome graphics and details, more than 100 battles ich and every battle takes 2 hours or more so the fun never stops!And if you get done with alll batles dont worry! theres another 60 multiplayer battles!There is 5 countrys and different vehicles and weapons to all of them,i can feel ww2 in me! and i can just watch my soldiers fight for hours! I would buy it for 60$ :D"
,Recommended,244450,34254486,Posted: 15 August,all,Slickinberryfinn,"This is one of the best RTS games in my opinion.It's a fantastic game with a ton of cool features that allow you to control and army or micro-manage one dude with a flame thrower.The online is great fun and the playerbase is friendly. On top of that one of the dlc's offers a well made offline skirmish mode if you  don't fancy fighting real people.MOWAS:II also has a very good and dedicated modding community with hunderds of maps, missions and gameplay overhauls which greatly extend the life of this game.would rate 10/10"
,Not Recommended,244450,35497047,Posted: 5 October,all,(KInd-Mod) Boghog123,"This is just Men of War Assault Squad, reskinned and not a single god damm thing changed. Buy one of these men of war games and you have literally all of them. So dont even bother buying anything from this company, cause its all crap thats the same. Also you have to pay to get those 250 different units btw. And those DLCs also contain nothing worthwhile like some units and a couple maps. that are nothing new. If you want good content for this if you buy it just get mods, more effort has gone into making the mods then making the game btw.Rant over.Sorry for♥♥♥♥♥♥Grammer."
76561198187692601,Recommended,244450,35475963,Posted: 4 October,all,titubobo123,"if you love ww2 strategy , this game is best to choice."
,Recommended,244450,21306834,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Crizyz,"Great series, reminded me of the old Sudden Strike games.Assault squad 2 is pretty similar to the older Men of Wars, but requires a tad less micromanagement for resupplying your units."
,Recommended,244450,28434608,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Tea Bird,it gud
76561197991816198,Recommended,244450,22430222,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Splattered_Cat,"This game is a bit of a conundrum for me. On the one hand I love playing it, and Co-Op is my thing. Using clever tactics and wits to fight your enemies is very gratifying. Online vs. players is wonderful but honestly I just suck too much at it to have a ton fun. On the other hand the AI is LAME, like they spent about 20 minutes on it and decided that since it went places automatically then it was fine. I miss the cool maps and missions of the old Men of War games. Still, because of the entrenched enemies and the constantly annoying reinforcement of tanks and things it’s still challenging to play with online. This game is a ton of fun and I would suggest this game to anyone."
76561198306623528,Recommended,244450,25304729,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Ichi 46,"Another bargain in the steam sale, £6.57 for the complete edition!Excellent RTS with great attention to detail & a must for all WWII game fans."
,Recommended,244450,29306576,Posted: 16 January,all,Polis Ranger,Very good game and really Enjoyed it.
76561198353759876,Recommended,244450,29704616,Posted: 4 February,all,Shazpnzr,Very Stategic game.Very well detailed and with mods is ever better for me is 10/10
76561198151636068,Recommended,244450,23266336,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Newbie47,"If you like strategy games very difficult to beat, this is your game. With friends is more fun :) 10/10"
,Recommended,244450,23825266,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Captain Titus,Nice game! I love it!
76561198075450271,Recommended,244450,25187963,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,[S.E.T.H] Dj Peatz,It's pretty good
76561198050467147,Recommended,244450,26161313,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,*NCS*=Eberbach=NL,"Great game ,,,the best around in RTS scene WW II together with Relic's CoH's"
76561198160263177,Recommended,244450,25244252,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,deadknight,i like the game but today i started up the game and i got an unkown error and i cant play it enymore  . pls help me i payed so much for everything and theni get this
,Recommended,244450,27124347,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Knight Maheruf,"The Best men of war  game is this one,Reason one : New unit ranking systemReason two : Smooth graphics and HD skinsReason three : Great community supportI Highly recommend this game for any real time strategy gamer"
,Recommended,244450,17421389,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Königstiger,"I've had this game for a long time and even had some fun with it when I first purchased it but then I drifted back to Company of Heroes 2 as usual. On a whim I fired up MOW AS2 today and had an absolute blast with it. This is a must play for WWII and RTS enthusiasts. It's challenging. Absolute tons of micromanaging to be done here but when you start getting it and making combined arms tactics work it is thrilling. Honestly, it's a difficult game to master and I'm not there yet but if you want a challenge this is your game. The graphics on ultra settings are very very nice and the game's presentation is more ""realistic"" if I can use that word than Company of Heroes. Performance is a little uneven which is understandable with everything that's going on. It's crazy how many moving parts there are here so a respectable processor is recommended. I have what currently is the flagship AMD APU the A10 7850k OC'ed to 4.5ghz paired with an R9 285 and 32gb of ram (design) and when there's a lot of concentrated artillery, infantry and vehicle movement it can run in the low 20's though I wouldn't say it makes the game unplayable. I probably should mess around with the shadows and post processing to see if I can improve that but for the most part the game runs well. Obviously your experience will vary and if you're on a laptop or older desktop then be prepared to make serious sacrifices in the graphics settings. I should probably mention that there's no proper campaign, it's more a series of disconnected battles vs. the CPU but I didn't feel the game suffered because of a lack of narrative. If you like WWII you get the context and you can fill in the blanks yourself without having a character driven story line. Well, that's it. If you're reading this at all it's because you're interested so pull the trigger. It's a great game 9/10."
76561198236587516,Recommended,244450,26631827,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Demonic Warboss,It's a great strategy game with good unit detail and a vast range of weaponry and vehicles. It also has steam workshop support which adds some good mods to the game such as: Robz Realism.I'd highly recommend this game to anyone.
,Recommended,244450,34200541,Posted: 12 August,all,Sparkymass,I like to play this game with my WWII loving friend.
76561198175500954,Recommended,244450,34873342,Posted: 10 September,all,Green89falcon,"This game is awesome, would recommend to anyone who likes playing ww2 rts games. Repel enemy units while solidifying captured grounds and building your army as u advance. Choose from the models avail to carryout yr mission, can use a model in direct mode as well as allow them to carryout the mission. model inventory can be altered. Missions can be played over and over using different units and stratergies. Modifications, maps and missions can be made using editor or downloaded from steam workshop; this allows the game to live even after getting bored playing  campaigns."
76561198013482703,Recommended,244450,27862889,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Tashaismydog,"At first I was completely frustrated and thought this game was way too hard to enjoy.  But - once I got the hang of how to use your units together (and keep them stocked with ammo) this became one of the biggest time sucks that's happened at my house in a very long time.  Lots of detail, lots of variety, and the physics system works very well.  As soon as you've taken that victory point, some far-reaching artillery will remind you that what got you here sure as heck won't get you to the next one.  And if you think you'll overpower the enemy with a tank rush, well - just try it.  If Company of Heroes is high school, the MOWAS2 is a graduate degree program.Get it on sale."
76561198083050531,Recommended,244450,26285977,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,[REDi]1R SGT Natalia Le'Faux,"There is nothing, more fun in existence, than playing as the USSR, and charging MG42's with nothing but Partisan."
,Recommended,244450,33272898,Posted: 5 July,all,mosch,"For casual gamers __Turn around now and walk away.  This game is so complicated that it risks turning you off to the genre.  If controlling an army of WWII tanks and infantry strikes your fancy, please first try these wonderful games :Company of Heroes  (you're the americans)Company of Heroes Opposing Fronts (you're the Germans)Company of Heroes 2 (you're the Russians)fomer players of RTS games __First, there is no story line.  If you want strong story, try instead Age of Empires III (3). It involves pirate characters and a female lead.Men of War Assault Squad 2is not technically an RTS, but an RTT  (real-time tactics). There is no base-building, and the only diminishing resource is ammunition ; which must be obtained during missions by hook-or-crook or by a supply truck ordered in (which seems to never contain ammo).  There is no regular RTS arithmetic involving the number or size of your armies. As the name suggests,Men Of War Assault Squad 2is a succession of assaults by a squad, which you control by careful micromanagement of individual members. Individual fighters have inventories, and the game is intricate enough to qualify as a military simulator.fomer players of Company of Heroes franchise __The look/feel of MOW:AS2 will make you think you are playing COH again. You're not. This game is very different and some adjustments are required on your part. Gameplay is best with the camera squeezed close to the ground looking forward. This allows you to understand the line-of-sight of your fighters. Interactions with the environment and with cover is a central aspect. The micromanagement of infantry is completely new. You will be repairing enemy tanks and then comandeering them for your own uses.Pace __I used the word ""military simulator"" earlier. By no means does this mean slow gameplay (like ARMA).  Missions are unbridled pandemonium. Your squad fighter will get thrown by a grenade, and drop his rifle, losing it in the weeds, after which he will be running around with no gun. You grab an enemy rifle and his ammo instead, or maybe take up a crew-served .50 caliber.  Zoom in always, and be on the look-out for what look like sticks : those are the rifles dropped by the wave of enemies you took down during the last assault.  You can move up a supply truck and hop out in the middle of the road. The enemy shoots out the tires, but now the husk of the truck serves as cover.  You send your sniper onto a grassy knoll at the flank of the enemy position where he rains death. But he is discovered and becomes surrounded and low on ammo. If he can hold out long enough, support can arrive from the rear to save him -- a field gun, mortar crew, or maybe even a heavy tank."
,Recommended,244450,27613749,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Adam The Wolf,The game is bad♥♥♥♥♥so as the mods i really like Robz mod you guys should get this game way better then any other WW 2 game
,Recommended,244450,25213760,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Cody712,Great rts game :)
,Recommended,244450,22493259,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Liony,"Well, let's start off by saying, this is one of the most the most addictive game that I have player so far. I completely lost track of time while playing this. Just 2 - 3 missions can take 3 hours. I decided that I wanted to play one day. Ended up playing from 11:30pm to 2:30 am. When I stopped, I thought it was still 9 o' clock.10/10 would lose track of time again."
76561198255795371,Recommended,244450,33663931,Posted: 19 July,all,Foxtrot,Play it.
,Recommended,244450,28428582,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Tomás,Very nice! Always enjoyable to play. Need more missions and more maps. It's a game with nice mechanics and very fun to play and play for a long time!
76561198353637349,Recommended,244450,29706935,Posted: 4 February,all,[82DK]Rogue Tiger,just great fun still
76561198120839707,Recommended,244450,24071635,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,wmarucha99,"God, I love this game, just everything about it, the combat, the units, the mods, the missions to a certain point though they are the same type for each country. Overall a solid game when a patch does not break it."
76561198125532121,Recommended,244450,21139396,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,AlekStar,"Great game. Not only is it a tactical rts, but it does it's best to be realistic, with accurate Fog of War and Line of Sight. Allowing you to take personal control of each unit is a bonus as well. If I had to critisize something, it would be the controls, they can be a bit confusing at first, but are pretty easy to learn quickly."
,Recommended,244450,21137480,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,[IG] tictack22,░░█▀░░░░░░░░░░░▀▀███████░░░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀██████░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░███████▌░░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░████████░░▐▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀██████▌░░░▌▄███▌░░░░▀████▄░░░░▀████▌░░▐▀▀▄█▄░▌░░░▄██▄▄▄▀░░░░████▄▄░▐░▀░░═▐░░░░░░══░░▀░░░░▐▀░▄▀▌▌▐░░░░░▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀░▀░░▌▌▐░░░▄▀░░░▀░▌░░░░░░░░░░░░▌█░▌▌░▌░░▀▀▄▄▀▀▄▌▌░░░░░░░░░░▐░▀▐▐░░▌░░▌░▄▄▄▄░░░▌░░░░░░░░▐░░▀▐░░░█░▐▄██████▄░▐░░░░░░░░█▀▄▄▀░░░▐░▌▌░░░░░░▀▀▄▐░░░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░█░░▄▀▀▀▀▄░▄═╝▄░░░▄▀░▌░░░░░░░░░▌▐░░░░░░▌░▀▀░░▄▀░░▐░░░░░░░░░░▀▄░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░░░░█░░░░░░░░░░▄█▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▀▀░░░░░░░▌▌░░░░░░░░▄▀▌▀▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▄░░░░░▄▀░░▌░▀▄░░░░░░░░░░▄▀░░▌░▀▄░░░░░░░▌█▄▄▀▄░░░░░░▄▀░░░░▌░░░▌▄▄░░░▄▐██████▄▄░▄▀░░▄▄▄▄▌░░░░▄░░░▄▌████████▄▄▄███████▌░░░░░▄░▄▀░██████████████████▌▀▄░░░░▀░░░█████▀▀░░░▀███████░░░▀▄░░░░░░▐█▀░░░▐░░░░░▀████▌░░░░▀▄░░░░░░░▌░░░▐░░░░▐░░▀▀█░░░░░░░▀░░░░░░▐░░░░▌░░░▐░░░░░▌░░░░░░░░╔╗║░╔═╗░═╦═░░░░░╔╗░░╔═╗░╦═╗░░║║║░║░║░░║░░░░░░╠╩╗░╠═╣░║░║░░║╚╝░╚═╝░░║░░░░░░╚═╝░║░║░╩═╝░
,Recommended,244450,28613661,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,FagBag,for mother russia
,Recommended,244450,34808404,Posted: 7 September,all,Daddy Vladdy,"Great game, amazing detail and adaptability"
76561198059703722,Recommended,244450,16533923,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,RageDumplings,"I like this game so much, but what bothers me is the missions for each nations are pretty much the same. Jesus, the same thing happens over nad over again just drives me crazy."
,Recommended,244450,34941098,Posted: 13 September,all,H3LL-RAiSZ3R,"Not really big on RTS games but when I saw this game in the store for some reason it looked interesting so I was reading reviews and then next thing you know I am buying it. Which is funny because 99% of the time I avoid RTS games as they usually just bore me 5 minutes in, but this game I played for a few hours and I definitly think it's something to play when I can. I actually had a blast in online play, even won the first game I played(3v3)!Pros.-Nice visuals, game looks great-ALOT to this game-Existent online playerbase!-No microtrans-Intuitive classic looking menu/interface-In the time I have played I didn't notice any bugsCons.-ALOT to this game <-- Negative side of there being so much too learn to become skillful, but most likely worth your time-Lack of tutorial/intro, especially bad for real noob RTS players like myself lol-Weird mouse issue that may just happen to me. Described BelowI have no Middle Click configured on my Logi G602, it is the control 'back' like how some mouses have the 'back' and 'forward' wheel tilt so anyways I just went to assign it and cliock it and the game added the assignment just like that. So anyways sometimes it stays 'pressed' well it's not and then I have to press it again to fix it and rarely it gets ridiculous weird not wanting to work and in which i have to click it like 3 or more times or so or until it wants to work right, but doesnt happen often and not game breaking, just annoying. Hasnt happened during any real competitive moment though so..All in all most of the cons for me is just related to the fact that I am an RTS noob, but all in all I think this is definitly a game worth having in your steam library! If your a big RTS player then you MUST at least try it"
,Recommended,244450,34095598,Posted: 7 August,all,VILOSOVI_SEMVAK,Most recommended game. if you like rts ww2 like coh or coh2 but has more feature and units.
76561198392238607,Recommended,244450,32160746,Posted: 3 June,all,mAmfist,Perfect Game
76561197979999142,Not Recommended,244450,15907113,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Jimmy,"i literally have to give this a ""Not Recommended""... why? let me explain....before? i would have said to buy it, even if you own AS1... sort of a waste of money, but at least no third party multi-player. ( AS1 should have been integrated into steam servers after gamespy closed all servers for all games they supported... but hey, screw that, charge the same players for another game if they want online features )EVEN before i'd say buy this even with it being the EXACT same game as AS1, just ... horribly optimized? somehow my computer can play AS1 no problem. but AS2 dominated my computer....? when they're the same game? no, i don't understand either.but then..... they did the WONDERFUL ""Game update 3.112.0"" and this has destroyed the game for me. not only does it run EVEN worse on my computer, to the point that any co-op is impossible even with having very fast internet.... but NOW???NOW... you have NO supplies in trucks. no ammo, no anything. oh wait, grenades...? cool? yeah, not really...i loved preparing for an assault, stocking my soldiers up with ammo then heading out. now? you can just put 5 grenades on each person and ... nothing else. i hope you like grenades, because that's all you'll be getting.before, you could unload shells from trucks and make IED's. now, obviously you can't.your troops get a magical resupply of ammo from trucks. even the officer supply drop was ruined. no rifle ammo, no SMG ammo, no MG ammo. your troops can just fire all day and get resupplied from a small paradrop. it makes NO sense and just kills this game for me. the realism is thrown out the window.sir hinkel, as i'm sure anyone that plays AS1 or AS2 knows of... ( if you don't, he makes missions for the German Soldier's Mod, which is amazing as are his missions ) made scripts that resupply your troops with crates / trucks. you can watch the ammo going from the truck / crate, and going into your soldiers inventory. it only resupplies to a set number. so 100 rifle rounds, 300 SMG, 1000 MG....yet the developers somehow did worse than..... a random person using Gem Editor? are you SERIOUS? someone working for free / fun made resupply amazing yet people making LOTS OF MONEY FAIL!?!?!i've held off on this for a few months now. there's no difference..... i bought AS2 ONLY to support this company for making games that have realism. now? NO. ( stupid me, i even bought the Deluxe Edition to support this company )sure, video games are all fantasy, even simulators........but this just destroyed it. this game is not ""early access"" or alpha, or beta, or ANYTHING else. it's the complete game, and they ruined it for me...yes, yes... i know, huge long rant about one thing, but it offended me this much. i even posted to developers......no response. nothing. this is the only reason i waited for the negative review. in hopes they'd see and fix this horrible thing they've done.because of this, i truly can't recommend that you spend ...any money on this, let alone 29.99$ ( as of this moment )just buy assault squad 1 for a lesser price tag... unless you are REALLY devoted to multi-player and don't want to use third party programs for it.seriously... AS1 is a master-piece and there are a lot of cool scripts and other things you can use to make awesome missions yourself. it's not hard, just need to spend some time on it. i'd be happy to help anyone learn how to use things in Gem Editor, especially for AS1. ( also AS1 will run better on your computer, no matter how good.... or crappy your computer may be )hmmm also, if anyone thinks ""only 21.6 hours?"" or anything... look at my play time for AS1, 358 hours as of today, and it ""may"" be my favorite game...ever. that's why i know AS2 is a huge slap in the face to anyone who has played the men of war games. ( if not going even further back with faces of war and even further back... )IF and ONLY IF developers put ammo into trucks and crates again will i give this a positive review, and i'd even suggest you pay 29.99$. it's really not a bad game, seeing as it's close to a direct copy / paste of AS1... just doesn't run as smoothly.LET ME MAKE IED'S AGAIN!!! >;("
,Not Recommended,244450,15760758,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Nitr0MediC,GG
76561198089041824,Recommended,244450,32027965,Posted: 28 May,all,smug me amadeus,9/10 needs more autismdont buy during finals
76561198011856946,Recommended,244450,18843109,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Mark,"If you want a new kind of stategy game this is the one!I've never seen any other like it, but then again i haven't really looked once i found this gem.And the mods to the game are great!You will have to check them out!THE CONS.1,Might take a bit to get good(don't give up)2. Need to LEARN how to direct fire with certain things(direct fire is where you control the person/tank/arty yourself)3. finding a game online at certain times is hard. sometimes its a lot of russains, sometimes its more experinced people (not always bad but if they stack and you're new you wont learn a lot.) but try and copy what they did! it will work sometimes.4. playing on lower setting when online. if you want to run smooth and not get kicked. make sure your performence is the best it can be. i have a good computer and i still play on medium settings just to have 4 bars of performence(which is best)MAIN CON (5. OUT OF SYNC Errors. i've only have these errors about 4 times and 3 were when i was playing mods. i might just be luck to not get these every game or what. But i've finished most of my games,) and this con makes a lot of people hate this gameThese are the top cons i think of, but you can overcome 4/5 of them! And this games a Great experince i wouldn't pass up.and if you are scared to spend the money, just wait till the pack is on sale to buy it."
,Recommended,244450,18843916,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Kamicase,"I know more people that have played Company of Heroes than Men of War, which is a shame because Men of War is to Company to Heroes what Arma is to Battlefield.GameplayFirst off: Men of War is a squad based WW2 Strategy Game. The game does not offer any base building but is centered around capturing command posts, which give you points, that you can then use to request squads of soldiers, tanks, airstrikes and the likes.Infantry CombatEvery soldier in Men of War comes with his own inventory and his own weapons, which makes micromanagement a must. Troops need to remain supplied with ammunitions, bandages and grenades throughout the engagements which can either be scavenged from fallen enemies (or friends) or vehicles. Furthermore every weapon has its own advantages: SMGs are for medium and short range engagements, rifles for long ranges, LMGs to supress areas, sniper rifles, flamethrowers, pistols. You can move units individually or group them together in a squad depending on the situation.Vehicle CombatLike infantry tanks have an inventory too. Unlike infantry, tanks also have different armor levels on all sides. Distance to tank, angle of shot, projectile used, and where the shell hits all make the difference between an AT shell that deflects off the tanks armor or disables one of its critical systems (turret, main gun, left or right tread, hull or motor). Remember that scene in Fury where the crew outmaneuvers a German Tiger? This game lets you do that.Personal ControlAt any point in time you can push E and personally control a unit from the strategic view using WASD and your mouse. I personally wished it was in third person, but whatever. So if tank-mc-gee isn't doing what you want you can just take him over and position him yourself. Which brings me to my next point:The environment:Men of War features very detailed countrysides, cities, and industrial maps which are all completely destructible. Tanks can drive through walls, explosions will destroy windows, vegetation can burn to the ground. A house can shield the flanks of your tank until a cannon lands a shot through the kitchen window. All vehicles, whether destroyed or not, can serve as cover to your units. Same is true for trenches, trees and sandbags (which will provide cover until they're blown apart).Overall I think Men of War is the best squad based RTS out there. The level of realism is insane, the campaings are fun to play with friends (up to 8 player coop). Men of War 2 is more of a re-make of Men of War 1 but definitely adds some things like shared ammunition among squads and new scenarios. I can only recommend this game."
,Recommended,244450,19115366,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,The Emperor Protects,"You know, I wasn't going to make a review, but I changed my mind when I ran down and crushed my friend's fleeing tank commander with my King Tiger."
,Recommended,244450,19598661,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,MyNutz,"Very realistic, all graphical models look exactly like the orignal vehicles from ww2. Strategy aspect is huge, playing with a friend on lan is very fun! Sad that you have to buy expansions for multiplayer. 7/10 would buy again."
76561198050384133,Recommended,244450,19055730,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Shields,pretty good game ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
76561197971724802,Recommended,244450,23127147,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Pontifex Maximus,"Men of War: Assault Squad 2 features new single player style skirmish modes that take players from extreme tank combat to deadly sniper stealth missions.Features:– Direct control every unit as if you were playing a 3rd person shooter– Interface and AI improvements, including unit kill counts and squad icon information– New multiplayer interface– Camouflage depending on season– Fully updated inventory items with new graphics and updated vehicles– Sound improvements, including voice acting– Steam features, including Steam multiplayer, matchmaking, achievements, cloud, player statistics, leaderboards, voice chat, Valve anti-cheat, friends invite and workshop– Player level up and ranked system– In-game video recording, and much more.– 15 new single player skirmishes plus 25 reworked ones from the original Assault Squad– Eight player co-op support and an all new multiplayer extreme game mode– 65 multiplayer maps and five gamemodes– More than 250 vehicles at your command– More than 200 soldiers with unique equipment– Five factions and various battlefields in Europe, Eastern Europe, Northern Africa and the Pacific– Development tools such as 3d model exporter and map/mission editor, and much more.The Men Of War franchise has a very solid reputation and Men Of War: Assault Squad 2 not only lives up to it but raises the bar for all real-time strategy games.If this is the style of game for you than this is a must play for you.THE GOOD- Deep- Engaging gameplay- Huge amount of featuresTHE BAD- Hard for newcomers9/10DISASTER | BAD | MEDIOCRE | OKAY | GOOD | GREAT |AMAZING| MASTERPIECE"
76561198041184192,Recommended,244450,17054845,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,TheGeneralJacob,"great game, you should buy it"
76561198081319191,Recommended,244450,22777640,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Plot-Event-Flag,"One of the best games, I like how I can create custom battles with editor with lot of mods."
,Recommended,244450,32700314,Posted: 23 June,all,sock rapist,"very addictive, like the cocaine i use"
76561198022182244,Recommended,244450,14988245,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Rogred,Got my guys killed by a flying piece of a tank.10/10 The realism is real
,Recommended,244450,33538862,Posted: 14 July,all,mbooo1,more realistic than coh2
76561198013952960,Recommended,244450,32642733,Posted: 22 June,all,mgmbrittain,"Is amazing... Definately worth a buy! The detail is superb, wonderfull gameplay, finely polished. Well built..."
,Not Recommended,244450,28858587,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Ranger Savage,"Horrible unit responsiveness, doesn't know if it wants to be an RTS or a turn based tactical game. Mixes both and horribly fails."
,Recommended,244450,28686385,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,AcesWolf,"Excelent strategy game, one of the best"
,Recommended,244450,14334140,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,G3N3,"If your a big fan of World War II games, or if you simply enjoy a good real time strategy, Men of War: Assault Squad 2 is definitely for you. Providing the player with five single-player campaigns and armies, Men of War is literally full of different units all of which are unique and are more or less historically accurate. The game always keeps you in strategic dicision making, and the direct firing control which was first introduced inSoldiers Heroes of World War II(a very old but awesome predecessor of this here fine title) makes tank duels an unmatched experience which you won't find in any other comparable RTS (like CoH 2 for an example).What really makes this game valuable and gives many hours of gameplay is the multiplayer. There are many different maps and a decent amount of players. Due to the in-game physics, armor penetration chances, infantry maneuvers, gamestyles of the players, every match is never the same, so every single battle always becomes a new, unpredictable challange. The game also has many modes, so you can always play the one which fits your style, with strategic point control, casual combat and even cooperative missions all being present for you to enjoy. While competing in online battles, the player has the opprotunity to choose his own style of play. Tanks, infantry and artillery all fulfil their crucial roles in order to achieve victory, and all types of units require an individual commanding approach. Multiplayer is undoubtedly the most apparent upside of AS2.Since the GEM engine is rather old, the graphics in this multiplayer strategy are a bit below the standards, especially if we start comparing this title to Company of Heroes 2. This, however, is compensated by the scale of the battlefields which are present in this game, with explosions and complete destruction of in-game objects all contributing to an astonishing overall image of war as it is shown in Assault Squad 2. In spite of graphics not being the bestest quality of this RTS, they are nevertheless pleasant to look at. The textures are neat, the models of the vehicles are very detailed, explosions and visual effects are dynamic, thus commiting to credibility. Out of anything more negative, i can only note the models and textures of the infantry, which haven't been updated since 2006 when Faces of War came out.In general, Men of War: Assault Squad 2 can be recommended to anyone who wants to play a good quality WW2 RTS with a well developed multiplayer."
76561198138657345,Recommended,244450,34341259,Posted: 18 August,all,Marcus_Rothwell,"Amazing game,you will find the most fun in the gem editor and playing with mods"
76561198310576557,Recommended,244450,32057664,Posted: 30 May,all,THE I.S.A,The game is good and really fun with friends
,Recommended,244450,15073999,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,MrPwner,"Almost my whole squad was mowed down by a machinegunner.I took control of the last surviving member of the squad, healed him and equipped him with some of it's dead teammates weapons and completed the mission with him.10/10 would Rambo againBut seriously, it's a WWII realtime strategy game with more realistic mechanics than for example Company of Heroes. Each soldier is truly an individual with his own health and inventory (which you can modify). You can squad them up and move them as a squad or send each individual to a specific location.Ammunition and fuel run out and you have to resupply your forces, you can micromanage each individual soldier or do it as a squad.Tank mechanics are a bit different than soldier mechanics. Tanks don't have healthbars. Instead, if you for example destroy the engine or turret, it can't drive or move it's turret respectively. The penetration mechanics are also more realistic. If you play Warthunder, it's a simplified version of the one you're used to in Ground Forces.Tanks, as do all vehicles, must be crewed by soldiers. The crew can be knocked out. If a tank doesn't have a gunner, it can't aim and fire it's gun. The crew will automatically try to fill the most vital spots, so it's possible to have a tank with one crewmember that switches between seats as needed, although this is of course far less efficient than a fully crewed tank.But one of the most interesting features is the ability to 'ASSUME DIRECT CONTROL'of a soldier or vehicle. Making it a sort of top-down 3D shooter..thingamajigger.When I'm playing a singleplayer game I often get the feeling I'm a small part of a large scale battle. You usually get control over a squad or two and sometimes some vehicles. And when you force a breakthrough, your allies will pour through it and take advantage of it.And there is also a powerful map editor that is easy to understand, so there are a lot of maps made available by skilled editors.TL;DR Buy this game or bad things will happen to your pet ostrich named George V.True story"
76561198121166808,Recommended,244450,19968346,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Tanky the second,best gayme ever
,Not Recommended,244450,16345140,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,loleo,do not down;oad mods it will destroy your game download mod and face the consequences
76561198355903262,Recommended,244450,32096403,Posted: 31 May,all,Recker2110,"very good game,lots of mods to add and to have more fun"
,Recommended,244450,13092140,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Joji,good game.. thats all i have to say
,Not Recommended,244450,16432698,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Chris_The_Conqueror,this game sucks really bad
76561198123984230,Not Recommended,244450,17808613,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,iTz BoBtheClone,"Good game, unplayable since it wont stop crashing randomly and constantly. Played for about 20 minutes, crashed at least 3 times. Ran it in safe mode for about the same time, still crashed anyway. Asked for a refund, cannot recommend."
,Not Recommended,244450,18631183,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,☢☣Mountain Chicken☣☢,"I would try to say something positive about this game because I already posted a review [Now Deleted] complaining but what is there positive about this game? The game developers have just basically released Assault Squad but slapped a 2 on the side of it, as well as this they add the original games missions in to make up for the lack of content. Still same game engine, no graphical improvement, if there is I cannot tell. Nothing real exciting as a whole. And to make the game ""better"" they start releasing ""DLCs"" such as Iron Fist [Tank Combat] which ads 2-3 missions in which all it does is lock your camera view, and Airborne [Self Explanitory] in which the almost same thing occurs, a small hand full of missions is released, as well as ""bots"" bearly functional AI which should've been in the base game not labled as DLC and getting people to pay for it just for extra money. The only semi-decent thing this game even has is mod support, some of the mods are better than the base game itself, and are even free.To me this game is unplayable without mods.And do yourself a favour, if you already have Assault Sqaud, don't get this game, but if you don't mind numerous bugs, crashing multiplayer, underwhelming graphics and single player campaigns, DLCs aimed to make you pay MORE money to get features which should've been in the base game and a overall disappointing game for any REAL strategist out there. If you don't mind all this than this ""game"" is for you."
76561198272669302,Recommended,244450,28521030,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Kittay,"This is an absolutely stunning and wonderful 3rd person WWII game. The graphics are stunning and the gameplay is wonderful. While it's not a first person shooter, it makes up for this drawback with it's strategical point of view."
76561198147195670,Recommended,244450,14081919,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,W|NinJA,Its an very nice game. worth to buy good support also....
76561198120443231,Not Recommended,244450,12180073,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Ghost22,not as good as as1 dissapoted so much i hope that Call To Arms is good our im done with the men of war franchise step it up guys :( but i still play the game it has its moments and is still fun but if you like all the men of war games buy it and see what u think.
,Not Recommended,244450,17139709,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,cameron1976,"User HUD is clunky, and controls are not smooth compared to COH."
76561198007977787,Not Recommended,244450,16427280,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,CoeZ,"Nice GameBut NO way to play MoW in multiplayer. Every single match, lagged the fun out of my a**Sadly MoW AS2 is one of the games the kids play, altho they clearly shouldnt play with their Win98 systemsIf you like singleplayer tho, go for it - cause it realy is epic fun"
76561198090360668,Not Recommended,244450,27641291,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Rommel,"I loved Men of War Assault Squad, it was a great alternative to something like CoH. I've always wanted Men of War Assault Squad 2 and have just recently bought it whilst it is on sale. To be honest, I think that it is a bit rich to call this game a sequal of even a bit stupid to call it Men of War Assault Squad TWO. This just feels like an expansion pack for the first game seeing as they have bought maps back form the previous title to make it look like there are more maps. It just feels a bit cheap for them to do that. The visuals have ever so slightly improved, but there is the same voice acting, menu screen, HUD, death animations, basically look at the last title and everything from that is in this game. I really do fail to see what makes this a new game from the old one. There are some slight differences like the character models and.......actually, I can't really think of anything else that is actually different. So as you can see, I think this game was a bit of a let down, they basically got MoW AS and said ""I can't actaully be bothered to make a new game. We'll just chuck in a few extra maps and bring some back form the previous title""."
76561198037205994,Not Recommended,244450,29924272,Posted: 14 February,all,Muttley,"I like the game, however the AI is disgustingly bad. AI leaving squadmates behind. AI wont pick up weapons when told to. AI running into enemy fire. AI running into friendly vehicles. AI running away from vehicles, but they don't bother to put themselves back in cover. AI getting stuck- they even sometimes get stuck outside of the map when they are coming into play, rendering them useless for the rest of the game.You are able to take manual control of units, but you can only do so much. Take too much time trying to get your tank unstuck and the enemy will break through your lines. You have to juggle fixing your units and fighting very often.DLCs are also pretty bad.I do like RTS games very much but I can't bear to work with AI that can't walk themselves down an allyway."
,Recommended,244450,23958108,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,zombelek,ᅚ
,Not Recommended,244450,31656077,Posted: 9 May,all,Hektor,This game has a lot of cool features over Company of Heroes. But the fact that Skirmish mode isnt available unless you buy a DLC just automatically makes me give this game a thumbs down.
,Not Recommended,244450,16566946,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Mikal,"I guess the game is ok, but if you ask me playing this doesn't require much skill at all, just spawn units, place them somewhere, and let them do all the work... Get Wargame: Red Dragon instead if you're looking for something tactical."
76561197995569522,Not Recommended,244450,15100999,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Shadow,Literally the worst game I have ever played. Could not even get 1 second into a skirmish game before it crashed non-stop. Would not recommend.
,Not Recommended,244450,29586751,Posted: 30 January,all,Arni CH,"It's a  cool game in theory. Being able to loot stuff of your enemies corpses? Hell yeah!Direct control? Sure it's a neat feature. Even though the camera is not really pleasant with it.But the way it's implemented? No thing as ""auto loot"" if you just slayed a lot of enemies and need bullets. You need to look through the corpses manually. Your medics drop their medpacks constantly and you need to micromanage pick it up again.Maps are limited, but those limits count only for the player. The AI will drive or run right out of there and shoot you from there, out of anti-tank grenade reach.Pathfinding is also a source of frustration. Anti-Tank guns running into wallsAlso, there are frequent crashes."
76561198027972441,Recommended,244450,13960324,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,White♊Gemini,"i never really played MoW:AS1 this apparently has a lot of the same levels from it but i really love how the levels play so i have no issues with it like others seem to have, it does look alot better graphics wise so i love it. runs ok too sometimes the kills pile up and it will slow down a bit .now i got Soldiers: Heroes of World War II, faces of war and men of war as day one physical copies and they really do bring some awesome things to the table.Direct Control:Direct Control of tanks & Soldiers is what really makes this game shine and it has improved greatly over the many previous titles before it so lots of endless fun there. World War II tanks are just soo awesome .MP:i cant comment on MP because i have not really given it a go yet so ya idk yet.Level Editor:its easy and super fun to play around with or even just add tanks to current levels also improved greatly over previous titles. i remember wanting it soo bad for Soldiers: Heroes of World War II .Mods:cool mods are pouring in too i love the blood mod its a must just know if mods are not installing you may need to briefly turn on steam cloud so it uploads them i dont know why but thats what i had to do."
,Recommended,244450,12108377,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,GruntBuster7,"To fans of previous Men of War games: you won't regret buying this. It adds depth and flexibility to an already enjoyable series.If you've never played these games before, there is no better place to start. Great gameplay, and the workshop guarantees that you will never be short of missions to play. Only criticism: it can be hard to find a multiplayer match :-)"
76561197972618188,Recommended,244450,12689266,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Lango12,"This game brings the realistic tactical battlefield experience to players with updated graphics as compared to its predecessors like Sudden Strike and Blitzkreig series. One of the greatest things about this game is that the scale of battle is between COH series and wargame series; The unit count is bigger than COH which give the better feel of coordinating large armies while, being smaller than Wargame, the units are not too tiny or represented by NATO conventions most of the time. Do not be fooled by other reviewers saying the mission are a mundane tasks of assault and defense, the map design is different for each mission which brings the difference in experience. (urban assault, farmland stomp or heavily fortified HQ, etc)I feel the main focus of the game is on tank battles which are the most fun and memorable in WWII era games. The tanks details and mechanics are well modelled. There are things like modular damage (track and turret damage, crew injury), selectable ammunitions (HE, AP, etc) which bring the realism in these battles. If you like to play plastic green soldiers when you were a kid, this is highly recommended for you!"
76561197984597125,Recommended,244450,13482280,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Renay,Best Strategy Game ever!
76561198071058711,Not Recommended,244450,11093618,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,mott18,screw this game it locked me out and now the files are missing  and it wont fix itself :(((((((((((((((((((((((((((((i want a refund
76561198014175305,Recommended,244450,9576286,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,its  me,o  yes    yes  and  yes and  thank  you
,Recommended,244450,9640963,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Arpeojus,This game is way to good!!!
76561198015411245,Recommended,244450,9725954,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Slav-Sheen,"I CANNOT UPVOTE THIS ENOUGH. I used to be a COH player through and through, then i became older than 13 and realised what a stupid and failed game that it really is. If you want to see men being cut down and tanks blown up by molotov cocktails the way that god intended it then this game is for you. Seriously. Once you play past the first couple of missions you will not want to return to company of zeroes ever again. I first started with the original Men Of War Assault Squad, this is better than that and with all of the content coming out I am sure that it will be the best in the Men Of Series to date."
76561197988300968,Recommended,244450,12832207,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Bashoff,"it's more of the same, even an upgraded version of Assault Squad. Yet, if you like it, why not play some more?I recommend buying it at sales though, not at the full price."
,Not Recommended,244450,29023321,Posted: 4 January,all,Show bobs and vagene,"Bought this game and was hoping to play with my friend against AI just like you could do back on the first one, and Company Of Heroes. No you need a DLC to play with bots. What the ♥♥♥♥. I buy the game then have to pay an extra 10 dollars to just play with my friend? Thats just as bad as ARK Bribing people for steam awards. ♥♥♥♥ this♥♥♥♥♥♥ Dont buy this game if you are wanting to play Coop with a friend unless you want to spend an extra 10 bucks."
76561198084862553,Recommended,244450,12369968,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Russell,Very in depth and addictive to come back and play. Campaign is a bit repetitive but it is still fun to play.
76561197978094429,Not Recommended,244450,31430913,Posted: 28 April,all,Wolf,I feel cheated. I have loved the men of war series. but this one is just a rip off. I can not recomend this game to anyone if you have men of war assault squad 1. the games are the same except for a few minor differences. but if you are one of those people that love mods then i guess this is ok for you. but if you have the first MOWAS and dont care about mods dont buy this game. i will not buy any more MOW games after this one. everything in this game they could have released as a patch or DLC but they got greedy and rereleased the same game with tweeks for full price.
,Not Recommended,244450,13722065,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Limey21,"Put it this way i'm glad i only paid 6 pound for this,  but i still feel like i've been robbed... hopefully some patches make it better.Possibly the worse community in any PC game i've come across, calling it toxic would be an understatement."
76561198041639708,Recommended,244450,9573948,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,churchy,A extremely good game.
76561198162201778,Recommended,244450,17696951,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,(SS) Slim,THis game is AMAZING! Its the best of all the Men of Wars I reccomend it while its on sale
76561198009771404,Not Recommended,244450,19166944,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,[Medic} Fox~Tail,"So about 6 months ago i was a bit fustrated with the game, ddecided to take a 6 month break. coming back i was hoping the online issues would of been resolved, i saw a new patch upload and was really excited in hopes it was fixed. Im sure you all can imagine my disapointment.......Now im hearing about the abuse to the comunity and even dedicated fans and players by the devolpers...maybe these ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ could put half their energy into fixng and updating the game rather than banning folks for voicing there very reasonable complaints.This game has such potential for greatness but it just feels like they are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥in my face and laughing all the way to the bank. SHAME ON YOU FOR NEGLECTING THE VOICE OF THOSE WHO PAY YOUR BILLS. Thumbs down-Never thought i would see the day, but the day has come. I have had enough."
,Recommended,244450,9594340,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,_SharK_,♥♥♥♥ing AWESOME!!!
76561198032226648,Not Recommended,244450,17231750,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Silent56,"WarningThe game is like Men of War: Assault Squad 1. OH wait no you need to buy DLC to make it that game. [A LOT of DLC]The reviewSingle playerGood a lot of fun, difficult and interesting campaigns and you can add more with the workshop. Might be worth buying the core game.Multiplayer [Disastrous]Reason being that you need to rank up to unlock new units aka you have few units to use to fight users that have all the units unlocked. Also to rank up you need to win [see the issue?] because of this you never rank up and you lose all the time unless you find a game with someone who is the same level as you [they probably already gave up on the game though]. However even if you find one of these games there is a bug in the game that will never go away. This bug is a game killer that strikes at almost random times and will just crash the game."
,Recommended,244450,9400580,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,ArenaUndead,"Firstly i own all the men of wars, Vietnam and CH were horrible games, why?, because they were developed by 1C not Digitalmindsoft, Digitalmindsoft made the first MOWAS.This is going to be a great sequal, i really like the idea that the game uses steam instead of gamespy. and ofc Steam workshop, its going to be amazing to see all the mods that will come from the workshop.Yes its much like the first MOWAS in terms of units. BUT its in BETA so not everything is in the game, But there are a lot of new engine improvements that makes the game look amazing in terms of graphics, i have not experience any lag like the first men of war had, there are a few new game modes like day of victory in which you capture the flag that is located in the middle, extreme assault zones which is just a bigger assault zones.I hear a lot of people complaning that its the same game, well in terms of units there isnt a lot you can add that was in world war 2, it isnt like call of duty were you can add a few more weapons, this game is based on world war 2, i do wish they could add everything from the German soldiers mod to MOWAS 2 because that had a lot of great units, and its only 21€ its not a 59.99€ release. if you arent sure that you like what you see right now, then dont buy it, wait until its complete, and remember its in beta a lot of things can still change."
76561197976716602,Recommended,244450,9572281,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,PoundeR,"This is early access review.In terms of the looks the game is not really that much different. Most of the animations, units etc look like in the first one and the feel of the game is the same.There are some major improvements in the play already though and heres some of them. (Will keep adding info as more content comes availevable)1)Improved pathfinding. Doesnt sound like much does it? It is actually a really big difference the units infantry and vehicles alike no longer get stuck as easy and the game shows the path they will take so if you can correct the route so no longer running through that open area infront of the machine gun or straight to the minefield.2)More maps. Again not something major but for me who has played all maps 50 times seeing new maps (and theyre actually new not just old copies from the original men of war) and what Ive tried so far theyre nice as well. Hoping to see more variety on the bigger 6v6 and 8v8 maps.3)No gamespy. Yeah no longer must we suffer from gamespy forgetting our cd keys etc.....More to come...."
,Recommended,244450,8792518,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,trotskygrad,"It's basically an engine rewrite (multicore, new graphics) of the first MoW:AS, with shiny new models, 2 new(ish) tanks, and new missions made by a great community modder DJSatane (Much love, much respect). I've heard of some gameplay changes but I haven't noticed them.He says DLC support will be greater, and hopefully the final game will be more stable (it crashes extremely often now). Hopefully older content will be easily ported to this.I'd get it only if you're a hardcore MoW fan, otherwise wait until after release. Still, Assault Squad was probably the best multiplayer experience in the series and an improved version of it is probably worth getting in my book (provided stability issues are solved)"
,Recommended,244450,23382027,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Superb Ape,An updated man of war series
,Recommended,244450,22406286,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Haji Libre,"Best singleplayer voice actor ever.Anyway, no Doctrines/Commanders in Company of Heroes. Nope utilize all if not most weapons of each faction. You got points for infantry and vehicles? Yes? Then send those motherf*ckers in, or be the as*hole that hordes points and saves for OP sh*t."
76561197989430086,Recommended,244450,22423284,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,ScreamerR,BEst game ever the only thing is matchmaking is very hard. Sometimes you need to wait for hour to get a good game.
,Recommended,244450,22444122,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,⠠⠞⠙⠊⠵⠵⠇3⠙,"Great WW2 RTS, huge amount of depth, tons of units, looks lovely.Get your friends to play it.10/10"
76561198200352977,Recommended,244450,22066761,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,☣тачанка☣,this is a game only for guys who love a ww2 strategic game
76561198107919318,Recommended,244450,16537207,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Emmaht,"Great strategy game, my favourite WWII strategy game by far. I edited this to say that while there may be many problems to this game, i still found the online experience extremely fun and captivating. Nothing like having a house full of enemies and burning it to the ground with a flamethrower."
76561198186390047,Recommended,244450,23087208,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Dustbringer,"My game dosent start anymore, every time there comes the message ""Programm will be terminated"" help pls because this game is awsome"
76561198024198083,Recommended,244450,21786093,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Bearenstein,"[Men of War Assault Squad 2 is the greatest game I have ever played in my life]I have over 500 hours of playing time in this game, and I regret not a single second of it. Let that speak for itself."
,Recommended,244450,17228594,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Electroduck,"This is a very good strategy game. It is far better than Company of Heroes 2 in every way: realism, depth, unit selection... the list goes on.However, it has a fatal flaw: It crashes.It crashes when you get a Steam notification.It crashes when there's an explosion that's too big.It crashes when you alt-tab.It crashes when you invite a friend.It crashes sometimes when you press the Multiplayer button.It crashes sometimes on the multiplayer loading screen, even when finished loading.It crashes ON THE F#CK|NG TITLE SCREEN if you leave it alone for too long.""Debugging"" was not in the developer's vocabulary.(Please note that this is NOT due to a lack of RAM or hard drive space, I have 8GB RAM and over 100GB of free disk space, and the game never uses more than a few GB of RAM.)"
,Not Recommended,244450,25357941,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Trevor,played for 4hours and i can open the ♥♥♥♥ing game reinstaled and still $30 gone cool
76561198097378465,Recommended,244450,22448809,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,xX_POLAND_Xx,"Really recommend this game! Should try playing multiplayer, really fun!"
76561198261646630,Recommended,244450,25373024,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,TheCrimsonFucker,from my 300 hours of playing I can say this is one of my most favorite games ever. and it is worth ever cent but what makes this games so amazing is the workshop the massive amount of mods make it so you can always have somthing new to do.
76561198116492961,Recommended,244450,15081778,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Tarfun,"For a truly fantastic revitalisation of an already amazing game, assault squad 2 has the perfect blend of realism and that little amount of 'physics wtf' to make it truly special.For those new to the Genre Men Of War is basically an amazing WW2 RTS which has the capabilities to allow one to alter their unit's inventory, as well as take direct control of that always satisfying Katyusha. Whilst Assault squad 2 bears many similarities to assault squad one, there are a few mission differences (although all different maps are still 'unique' in their own special way) meaning one can never truly be bored playing this game.Though the major benefits of owning AS2 rather than regular AS are many:+Decent community modding.+Multiplayer is still up and not running on gamespy: P+New units (I’m sure)+A pleasant variety of maps which surpasses its predecessorOverall a very decent game with good visuals, lovely soundtrack and an amusing amount of medics needed to keep ones army from being ripped to shred... Damn those American machine guns!10/10"
,Recommended,244450,15685122,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Capricious Demon,"Great game, loved it until it started to crash every game. It is now unplayable and no fix works. Be warned.Also their support team was friendly and helpful however!"
,Recommended,244450,16998592,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,HerrDamon,"This game like all the other Men of War games is a complete master piece!This game isnt to much of a change from Men of War: Assault Squad 1, but there are some small things that make it that much better.1: Graphics are a bit better and some bug fixes (some)2: Better units. Example: In the mission Overlord for the americans, when calling in paratroopers a squad of 5 parachutes in, instead of just one trooper, this is a major fix in my mind, logically you would send 1 trooper in at a time and sending in squads would be a more ""rational"" amount.3: MAJOR FIX: mulitplayer is fixed and you can play online, unlike the other Men of War: Assault Squad that ran off of game spy (an unused and discontinued gaming network). This makes the game so much better, multiplayer, for players who has friends that don't own the game, or those who don't have friends (if you don't have any, make some!)4: This isn't a fix but makes the game so much more fun, Steam Workshop, custom maps easier to get and mods the same! There are some great maps and mods on the workshop and i recommend anyone that has to check it out!This game get a 10/10 for the beautiful and never ending fun that the game gives!"
76561198101696160,Recommended,244450,15894810,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,LTylercc,"I don't care what anyone else says, this is the best strategy war game ever. If your looking for realistic combat, especially with tanks, realistic strategy, with decent (not amazing) graphics, then you should buy this game. For me in my opinion it was worth $30.00 :)"
,Recommended,244450,16343115,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,GMK The commander,This game is fun to play and I recommend this game to anyone who likes strategy games. Me and my friends have alot of fun playing againts people online
76561198066472817,Recommended,244450,16932305,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,thewaffletank,Great game if you love strategy
76561198170954030,Recommended,244450,17099206,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Liberty Prime,Can drive the train. 10/10 Masterpiece
,Recommended,244450,18270280,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,[***][GFN] Elias,"Womderful strategy game, great historical reference."
76561198041343279,Recommended,244450,17759105,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Extreme Kiwi,I have gotta little Out of Sync errors since 3.127. This game is amzing to play with friends as well as against. The OOT error is no longer a reason to not buy this game.
76561198039313637,Recommended,244450,21217291,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Toof Poot,6/5
76561198119695736,Recommended,244450,21323297,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Sel klasker Jan,Is the best game ever
,Recommended,244450,19991990,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Rols Hujois✘✘✘,Cool game you need to try it !
76561198004031266,Not Recommended,244450,13615989,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,guy01,"WARNING do not buy this piece of crap game, the developers couldnt even release it without hustling money from loyal players. The day it was to be released they changed it to an early acces game, no chance for players to get money refunded, they did that on purporse. The game lost almost all veteran players and thus completely changed the way the game was played, the new playerbase comes from COH and these players try to play the game like it was COH. 40 patches on and the game is still buggy, imagine you buy a pair of jeans and they have to be patched more than 40 times and they are still full of holes. The engine for MOWAS1 worked alot better, MOWAS2 is actually a downgrade of the first game, in this version you cant even play big maps, biggest map is 4vs4 pl and the new maps are unbalanced, one side can reach zones before the other, so in MOWAS2 you play on the same old small maps as you did in MOWAS1. The developers do not listen to any critisism at all, you get sencored or banned, Digitalmindsoft resembles a company out of north Korea or the old DDR. This game has been on sale many many times because Digitalmindsoft do not have the funds to fix/finish the game, they want us the players to fund it as they develop it and the constant sales ruins the game. because everytime there is a sale, new players come and have to learn the game and they do not listen, they just do as they please and the learningcurve is steep, very very hard to get a good game with all the veterans gone and only new players that do not know how to play the game. By the way take a look at this game and you will see that it is outdated, looks and feels like a 15 year old RTS. DO NOT support this hustler company called Digitalmindsoft."
76561198059196697,Recommended,244450,25269324,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Venomous,This is my first and only MOW game. i saw the 75% discount and thought it was a bargain. my surprise was how addicting this game is. there's 5 diffrent armies and a whole lot of units. for $9.99 i have nothing to complaint about.
76561198118827598,Recommended,244450,25280794,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Black Panther,"This has to be the best RTS ever, and well worth the cash, even at reduced rate, these people make it well worth you buck to learn and buy, could do with a Narmandy online, but love it."
76561198199000770,Recommended,244450,25274420,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Jozefyx,"Love it! The singeplayer is ok, but custom campaings are great! As Multiplayer too! BUY IT ITS WORTH IT! :-D"
,Recommended,244450,28041314,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,UsernamesMeh™,"Must have if you're an fan of RTS/RPG/Strategy elements.Mostly due to the fact I've been a huge fan of MOW since the first ever one, and cannot say I can recommend every one of them due to maybe half being well, suckish. The ones I can recommend if you're fairly new are MOW[Original] Assault Squad[1] Or this assault squad. Of course you can try vietnam/origins/etc but I wouldn't personally recommend em.If you like real time strategy go for it, it doesn't have base building but mostly strategic points you have to tank to continuously call in extra units. If you like RPG is has an fair amount of that as well with making sure your units has the correct ammo/fixing vehicles/etc I wouldn't say its full on but for strategy/rts its up there.Not gonna write a fairly long review cause who reads that crap anyway, all in all if this helped someone buy and enjoy this game to its full extend I suppose this review did its job and this community can grow more.PS - The modding capibilites seem to be endless and this is coming from someone who mods it maybe 24/7. So if you're and modder or just enjoy to mod. Or hell just looking to mod for the very first time it seems like MOW is one of the better places to be for it."
76561198220563172,Recommended,244450,23272580,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Noofelz,This game is AWSOME Must have
76561198146639699,Recommended,244450,22419113,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,addam5iskandar,somewhat my game is crashing when i use editor or play a campaign what the hell is this !??!?!?!?!still its good!
,Recommended,244450,22484314,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Kupo,"MOWAS2 is tons of fun and i'd really recommend it if you're into this type of game and ww2. Basically you control units under your command to invade and capture the enemy's territory. It's exciting and really makes you think before you make a move. You have to pay attention to where the enemy is located, where they're going to be attacking you from, and what weapons you're going to need. Multiplayer is pretty awesome too. I love 2v2 because of the teamwork. For example, If you have a lonely AT cannon and need some more defense your teammate will send you a heavy MG to fight alongside.If you get bored of the same old units then you can also try installing a couple of mods that are to your liking. Some of these mods can be used in multiplayer and in the editor. I use the editor to have my own battles using Galaxy at War clone units."
,Recommended,244450,21235412,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Königstiger ✠,"This was a total nostalgia trip for me as it is just like an indirect sequel to Soldiers: Heroes of World War 2 (one of the most memorable games I've played as a kid). It's so amazing how much it has improved in terms of AI and graphics in the game. (Even though the AI is still flawed). Sucks that I didn't watch it grow with the previous games over the years... :(I really like the workshop support for this game as gamers like us can put in and share our own missions, mods in the game (and there a really some talented ones at that). The 'direct control' function in the game sure is unique and really helpful in some situations, although I hear some people complaining about the 3rd person missions DLC. Hey, what's wrong with devs trying new things? The game isn't that strong storywise and all the factions have practically the same missions but on different maps, so singleplayer is pretty bland overall. However, being able to play them cooperatively with a buddy pretty much makes up for it. Haven't really tried multiplayer yet and I'll give it a go someday. Till then, co-op for days!Will recommend this game for WWII lovers as well as RTS lovers. It's really unique in my opinion. Give it a go!9/10 will get my Tiger detracked again"
76561198151027344,Recommended,244450,22504300,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Sirlurkalot,"Tough going, but worth the learning curve.So far only single player skirmishes, but hope to get into multiplayer when I've learned enough to stay alive for more than a few minutes."
76561198017681447,Recommended,244450,20651645,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,ferretsrule,"I got this little treasure on sale and have to say one of the best buys value for money I have had in a long time. Its MOW if you don't know anything about the line like me because you were playing COH then it’s very similar but with a few differences, ability to fix or man any vehicle, a massive amount of content, an excellent physics engine, destroyable terrain, controlling units to the point of looting bodies for ammo (now for a strategy game when controlling large numbers of troops that’s pretty impressive). If I was to fault this game it would be the story is fairly poor COH was better, but then again I felt I was creating my own story every mission I played, just brill."
76561198015208918,Recommended,244450,19160945,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Luckylegs,"This is pobably the best ww2 game that I ever played!  I'm not a huge fan of domination mode (assault mode) though in combat mode its top notch, and plays out like a real war.   The controls are pretty easy to learn and I'm having loads of fun playing thiss game.. I do hope they make more  men of wars games!"
76561198059896340,Recommended,244450,15133200,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Col Puggles,"As a strategy nerd, this game is perfect. Amazing action, fights, and absolute fun! I love this game, the concept is awesome because I for one am in love with WW2 games so this is just perfect. I highly recommend this game, especially if you love strategy games like me, it is a truely amazing game."
,Recommended,244450,21355564,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Sooper Fly Squeaker Gay,"Not only that I cut soviets in half, I find it hysterical.I R8 8/8 M9"
76561198295666134,Recommended,244450,26918710,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,PonchisXD,Best WWII strategy game!!!
,Recommended,244450,29406980,Posted: 21 January,all,Grafvision,excelent game
,Recommended,244450,20566983,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,$trange-,"Great Game, especially with friends. I would like to see AI in any mode rather than just assault zones. otherwise, absolutely fun but, I would wait till a sale to buy.9/10"
,Recommended,244450,24350236,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Radovan Karadžić,"Good game!!You can trust me,I'm Radovan Karadžić"
76561198161455963,Recommended,244450,23682248,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,proto_zåppå,> call anti-aircraft flak> flak gets stuck on a light pole and deploys on the side of the pole itself> flak firing in every single direction obtained11/10 would make my flak-36 get stuck again
76561198231691204,Not Recommended,244450,29222465,Posted: 13 January,all,willnormo,game is good but the editor crashes constantly do not get this game for the editor you will have issues
76561198057866376,Recommended,244450,22504993,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Kuma,"You cant invade Poland, but... there are Tigers in full HD...Rommel aproves this gamenein/10"
,Recommended,244450,27058579,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,PETRONAS,Cool stuff.
76561198185385354,Recommended,244450,31286004,Posted: 21 April,all,Madlord,I cant get on Men of war Assault Squad 2 for some reason i tried to download some mods and then it wont let me join it and my dad and i tried to thx it but wont work so can i plz have some help i would LOVE it if i could even played it i play the first on the second one would be even Better.
76561198035678681,Recommended,244450,17357927,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Phileas Fogg,"Assault Squad 2 is a great game; it’s the best in the genera. I am a war games addict and this one is my favorite. Assault Squad 2 is a good next generation step. Superior graphics and game play. Great variety of units and landscape. I also play the Company of Heroes Steam version and like it, but I always return to MOW and end up logging far more hours."
76561198046206800,Recommended,244450,15189608,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,DarkOne,Very Enjoyable Strategy Gameone of the best ww2 game i have seen yet
76561198170100006,Recommended,244450,31248918,Posted: 19 April,all,Chief3Alpha,"I love it , trump loves it ,osama wishes he could play it . Get it ."
76561198097920359,Recommended,244450,22315164,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,ShockyC,"This RTS may not be fun. But it's realistic AND fun. So those who want to play realistic RTS games. Play this. Those who wanna play fun/arcade RTS games. Don't whine about how unfun this game is, take your damn ♥♥♥♥♥♥ review and go back to Company of Heroes. (Although Company of heroes is fun)"
76561198162918964,Recommended,244450,23998314,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Mr. Tunney,LOVE IT!
,Recommended,244450,25246529,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Pesticyde,"Realistic Games, but u must be a pro xD"
76561198159337689,Recommended,244450,25255610,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,shite at csgo,gg
,Recommended,244450,17527910,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Sunboy Solaire,I love this game but i constantly keeps crashing no matter what I do. Even if I have no mods at all it still crashes.
76561198053263712,Recommended,244450,20710477,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Buweejab,I just want a winter map that is more than 2x2 and less than 8x8
,Recommended,244450,16384179,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,DieselDave,this game is bad becaues it keeps crashing on me
,Recommended,244450,22462992,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Dagless,Probably the best WW2 RTS around.
76561198133952091,Recommended,244450,22466663,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Keener87,"This is the most frustrating game I have ever played, but somehow I keep coming back for more. I love playing RTS games, and this one is on top of my list.  Every unit is important during the game play.  Each one gets their own inventory, with access other units as well.  While they start with limited ammo, you can search the dead for more.Like any game, it has it's down falls.  The biggest peeve I have is with enemy units being able to see mine across the map, while I can't see them.  The more I play this, the more the AI for each unit seems to get dumber.  I had one unit run circles around an enemy as I clicked for it to attack, literally doing circles like a dog around your legs.  It has a lot of little things that make you scream at the game because it's so frustrating.  But it's so addicting, I keep going back for more.Micro managing is crucial with this game, making it very difficult to master.  The enemy AI (Easy, Normal, Hard, Heroic) are all challenging, almost impossible to play without other friends.  Which is one amazing aspect because you can play every mission with up to 7 other players LAN or internet.  Don't expect to beat a good mission in a short amount of time this game takes lots of time.I don't like the personal leveling for this game.  You have to beat an entire mission to get an exp., this counts for first person controlling of a unit as well.  There could be an actual storyline for each campaign, not just the same ten missions for each country.Every unit is extraordinary. The detail, the movements, even the gunfire immerses you.  The sounds and feels of the game are amazing.This game still has quite a few bugs, as I cannot load a saved game right from the main menu.  I once had an invincible enemy unit enter the field, an every unit I had could not take it out. So I had to restart the mission, very frustrating since it was the largest tank at the end of the mission.  Also many times main mission objectives don't activate, making you restart the mission.THE UNIT AI IS HORRENDOUS!! They are always standing up by themselves, which in turn is a death sentence in this game.  Medics do not do anything but create another target for the enemy, same with units that have AT grenades/ rockets.I wish there was tutorial missions to get you into the flow of the combat, that way you can use every aspect of the game.I've downloaded some mods, and they bring this game to a whole new level.  The talent some of these people have makes you think they work for the developers."
76561198144924481,Recommended,244450,17509815,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,BeeZy,Is not a same like Company of Hearose but this game is fun. :P I really enjoy it. :P 10/10
76561198005040295,Recommended,244450,18032448,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Whipclaw,Awesome game and a definite recommend for any Strategy gamers or fans of WW2 games!
76561198021190613,Not Recommended,244450,18310267,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,EdPartan,"The history and the interface is excellent, but I can't play it since  a month because a error when are loading the game. Before it the game clashesed everytime I tried to save a game or load a saved game."
76561198162141952,Recommended,244450,18655694,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,AussieKanga,I hate the controls for the editer but everything else is ok     ( BTW u can make the controls wasd and UP DOWN LEFT RIGHT.)
76561198250408992,Recommended,244450,18929362,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Panzer Commander,"This game isnt  the best Men of war but the mods make it special. You have a skirmish mission list that has every major power during the second world war in it with several missions but i cant help but notice that the modders have made the game so much better,and it just seems to be as1 with new graphics and missions.  And dont forget multiplayer which is also nice and the editor for some creative scenario making.8/10"
,Recommended,244450,18986683,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Get Nasty.,The best game ever!
,Recommended,244450,19078079,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Eored,One of the best strategy games I've ever played
,Recommended,244450,19545675,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,SirBeastyofDelirium,Great game with great mods
,Recommended,244450,20902885,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,fruit man,"Great game overall with mods 8/8 gr8 m8,"
,Recommended,244450,20964053,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Wulfstein,"After almost 80 years since Russo-German invasion of Poland, it has apparently become obligatory for this generation to experience the horror and bloodshed of the most savage and destructive war throughout the course of human existence.To those who disagrees, you must be a sensible but iniquitous human being.Jk... Hans did this to me."
,Recommended,244450,18021718,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,*Mr.Zman8*,The best WW2 game i've ever played.
76561198140561931,Recommended,244450,18186725,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Hoplite,"I enjoyed this game (although the first mowas is basically the same as mowas 2) the concept is great and the multiplayer fun. HOWEVER this game rly needs to be reworked upon or for the mistakes made to be improved upon in the next game (if there is ever one!) i.e. the atricious pathfinding, germany's goliaths spam. ALSO HERO UNITS although give the game more variety but having two currencies is annoying and at times very boring, because just when you think that your opponent is finshed his ""MP points"", he then falls back upon his hero units which act as reserves. Having said that, the game's wide choice of maps and units make this game very enjoyable. LASTLY SORT OUT THE LINE OF SIGHTS- TANK HAVE THE NARROWEST VISION EVEN WITH A MAN ON TOP OF THE TURRET."
76561198257135600,Recommended,244450,19682518,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Dragoonman66,"I would like to revise my review now...As you can see I play this game a lot, especially right now recently but there were......complicationsI don't know what happen. One day I'm the game happily and the next day it says it can't run because of some errors. Needlessly to say. I was angry. Especially after attepting to fix it in 3 days. I'm still going to recommend it but be warned. There will be a bunch of bugs, errors, and very annoying challenges."
,Recommended,244450,31094730,Posted: 12 April,all,McFubar,"If you like Company of Heors, you will love this game.  It is like CoH on steroids."
12359478947465564,Not Recommended,244450,29164772,Posted: 10 January,all,KitKat,"I had this game for a while and there used to be AI you could use, but then they got turned into DLC so yeah...♥♥♥♥♥♥game."
,Recommended,244450,32880900,Posted: 27 June,all,Streray Farmskins.com,"It is upgraded Men of War: Assault Squad, but still adds some nice game changes, I got the Complete Edition for 7 $, soo I think it's absolutely worth it. Also mods are alot of fun."
76561198290753103,Recommended,244450,32905392,Posted: 27 June,all,Bubbler,I really like this games style and how it works. I suggets that you get this game and try for yourself.
76561198162505711,Recommended,244450,33775322,Posted: 24 July,all,GermanFretz,i recommend it so much that its fun lol
76561198128884832,Recommended,244450,17012637,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Gunsan(monk),very fun game :) realistic
,Recommended,244450,17576484,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Soviet Penguin,"TL;DRIf you're into WW2 RTS games, Men of War: Assault Squad 2 is probably worth full price. Plenty of content, a fairly active multiplayer scene, an abundance of mods, and rock-solid mechanics. There are some issues - mainly engine and online stability issues - but they don't necessarily ruin the game. DLC isn't spectacular, but Airborne is worth the buy. MOW:AS2 is definitely worth the price, especially if it is on sale.Graphics & SoundFunctional. Not much to write home about but the game looks pretty and it doesn't eat your framerate. Sounds aren't terribly impressive but they work well enough. Voice acting is iffy, with a lot of it being recycled from previous MOW games.Core GameplayIncredibly fun. MOW:AS2 adds a lot of nice additions to Men of War's already awesome gameplay. Although it can be micro-heavy, infantry combat is enjoyable and the inventory system gives the players much more freedom than similar WW2 RTS games. Vehicle combat is also a lot of fun, thanks to the ability to directly control your vehicles. AS2 also adds plenty of helpful UI elements and mechanics that just build on the classic MOW gameplay.Single-PlayerNot brilliant, but not bad. There isn't a campaign to speak of - just a large number of individual skirmish missions. They all tend to be very similar as well, which can be problematic if you get bored by samey missions. Despite the similarities, the skirmishes themselves can be pretty enjoyable, especially the defensive skirmish missions. However, stealth missions are flat-out terrible, in my opinion, because of the game's AI. Skip them.Multi-PlayerPretty good. Balance-wise, the game isn't brilliant. At least, it doesn't beat Company of Heroes in terms of balance. Still, Germany vs. USA games and Soviet vs. Germany games are well balanced, and thus quite popular online. However, the matches themselves are a lot less predictable, since there is high capacity for shenanigans thanks to the gameplay mechanics. This can be good or bad, depending on your play style. Still, the competitive multiplayer is enjoyable.Also worth noting is the ability to play the single-player skirmish missions cooperatively. If you have a friend or two that like WW2 RTS, playing the coop skirmish missions on a higher difficulty can make for a really good time. You can also play modded skirmish missions cooperatively, so there is actually a wide array of coop content.As of me writing this review, the game's online has a number of stability issues, primarily the ""Out of Sync"" issue, which can disconnect a player and ruin the flow of the game. The devs have said that they are working on it, but it should be mentioned, especially since it is a fairly common problem.ModdingMen of War games have had good modding scenes for quite some time. AS2 is no exception. In fact, I would say it has one of the best modding scenes out of the entire franchise. There's a lot of total conversion mods that can completely change the game, adding a lot of replayability. There are also tons of custom skirmish missions and multiplayer maps. The modding scene is active and adds a lot to the game.DLCThe DLC for this game is not particularly great. For starters, the Deluxe Edition is a complete ripoff. The XP boost is pointless, since a lot of servers play with unlocked units, and unless you REALLY want that fancy nametag, the Deluxe Edition is not worth the $7. ($5 when bought with the game.) Iron fist isn't great either. It adds some War Thunder-style tank missions that give you direct control of a veteran tank. Problem is, you can directly control your tanks in the vanilla game, minus the fancy camera angles and the mission flavor. Not worth $10 - get it on sale if you want it.The best DLC out of all of them has to be Airborne, which adds five very enjoyable skirmish missions. The missions are focused on infantry combat and defense. They also give the option of skipping the stealth section, and the maps are quite unique. It is debatable whether or not the multiplayer bots should have been added into the game for free, but the DLC is already out. To be honest, the bot AI is actually a bit disappointing, especially when it comes to vehicles. Still, the bots might make Airborne worth full price. Depends on your standards.Overall, Men of War: Assault Squad 2 is a good game. It is an essential for anyone who enjoys WW2 RTS games and I can honestly recommend it. The price is reasonable, especially when you consider the active modding scene and the solid multiplayer."
,Recommended,244450,20877962,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,✪ JohnnyJDM85 王将 CS.Money,"I am pretty new to the RTS scene and I was kind of overwhelmed with the controls at first, but it has a guide section that shows evrything needed to know if you are a new comer like myself, which makes learning pretty simple and straight forward, so no worries. It is kind of buggy and crashes at times for me, but in all it is a fun game to play and I enjoy playing it with friends. It has Co-op and PVP, plus it has plenty of mods to choose from. So, if you are like me and would like to learn more about RTS then this game might be for you."
76561198058899859,Not Recommended,244450,18088771,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Rollonleviking,New patch new trouble ! LOLThey have done a big♥♥♥♥♥♥of this game. I go back definitely on Assault squad 1.
,Recommended,244450,30763772,Posted: 26 March,all,Preacher,This is a steal at 8 bucks!
76561198029235097,Recommended,244450,26953781,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DrStrangeLove,Great moddabiltyGreat multiplayerGreat communityBad optimizationDev team doesn't seem to have added much
,Recommended,244450,23046469,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Icemonkey™,"I love this game would be an understatement, especially once you add the Sir Henkle mod.A hardcore RTS where every soldier has his own inventory, and tough but fair combat on hard mode.The only this that bothers me is when you play online and you order a squad then your friend gets half the forces when he has less, which don't get me wrong kinda makes sense, but when I order a unit I need it in full squad not just 1/4th of the squad. It's fixable by having your friend gift the units back to you but it should be an option not enforced by default.At the time of writing this I have played 101.8 hours and loved every second of it."
,Recommended,244450,15079558,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,RisingForc3,yes
,Recommended,244450,19557132,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Grothmog's Hammer,The editor is probably the best feature. Just get it for the editor.
,Recommended,244450,33739798,Posted: 23 July,all,Fidel Cashflow,"More strategic than Company of Heroes, greater coop support, larger: faction, campaign, and unit compositions. Similar cover system approach, faction asymetry,  and direct unit/micro management capabilities; forgot to mention similar steam-workshop consumer options.Fidgidty at times, diverse national player base which is indicator of a smallish community; sometimes it may take awhile to find a game-atleast in the case of skirmish/campaign-depending on the time of day.I approached the game from a cooperative viewpoint and those who are in the coop circle and enjoy the more tactical oritented games should enjoy this quite well. The coop missions and factions will prove to be plentiful in quantity but for some may lack in dynamics; as a general framework the campaign missions could be classified into three categories: stealth, defense/stronghold, and capture points (usually in rows of 3 * x, atleast for stock missions)."
76561198144306211,Not Recommended,244450,28766673,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Epic K,"i install the game but it won't launch. I've tried everything I found but it still will not launch, wich is a shame because it looks like a good game D:"
76561198008316060,Recommended,244450,29278807,Posted: 15 January,all,Thomas,I like this game a lot.My name is Thomas.
,Recommended,244450,23442013,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,aideric1,Good game
,Not Recommended,244450,17903303,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,captainwacky91,"I want to like this game.I really do.I love the possibilities. In fact, I grew an interest for this game after I became disillusioned with War Thunder; and the video of the Ratte mod that was posted to YouTube by the RakcroyBrosGaming channel sold me on buying this game.I really wish I did my ♥♥♥♥ing homework.Game play mechanics are solid. So far, all that I have been able to play bits and pieces of the single player campaign/""skirmishes"", no mods. The gameplay itself is all combat; with little to no ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t concerning economics in terms of building factories, barracks,*MUST ACQUIRE MORE VESPENE GAS*etc, save for the occasional supply truck run to give ammo and/or fuel to single units that have run low.Very straightforward. No need to break out an excel sheet to figure out 'optimal output' paces or anything, that's what I like to see in an RTS.The game play is fairly driven by 'stats' too, especially on the subject of vehicle combat. Armor thickness, type, slope, all taken into account as to whether a vehicle will survive or not, and not one vehicle is truly 100% safe from the other due to this level of detail. I love it.The game play also allows for plenty of organic ""whoops"" moments on both sides. AT infantry attacks an OPFOR tank, kills the driver. Tank keeps rolling like nothings happened, you the player become hesitant that the attack was effective; until you notice it's going to roll straight into (and through) 3-4 houses filled with OPFOR. Said houses collapse on tank, which also blows up from the drop.Absolutely horrifying and breathtakingly awesome at the same time.That being said, the fun stops there.This game is an absolute nightmare to run. Bugs that are laughably persistent, and affect the most basic of functions. I'm not talking about hardware optimization, as this thing (while still looking dated, graphically) looks fine, not much in terms of framerate drops or anything of that nature.No, I'm talking about an over-abundance of file crashes.No other problems with any other games. I haven't had any files mysteriously disappear, and my drives seem healthy as can be.But every single ♥♥♥♥ing time I know autosave is about to occur, I hold my breath like a person playing russian roulette. Manual save feels even worse to me, because it's 100% self inflicted. Why? Because every time a save occurs, there is an unnacceptably high chance that the save will fail; and I will be greated with a string of text/code telling me things like ""NOT SDL FILE"", or ""Failed to save thumbnail/screenshot"".It is also likely that when these errors occur, the game will fail to load unless you manually delete the (now corrupted) save. You will also (likely) need to delete some combo of files, like keys.set, options.set, settings.set, etc. Otherwise, the game will not run.Now, these are solutions that are posted on the game's FAQ, written by the developers.The only problem is that it's only a cure for the symptom, and it never solves the actual *problem.* It only brings the game back into ""can now run/execute/playable"" status, but sooner or later, after another half-hour/40 minutes of gameplay; you will have another save failure that will crash the game, and you will not be able to play it again unless you delete some combination of files mentioned above.Steam-cloud sync is turned off. No mods installed. No interference from an Antivirus. This is all from the game, latest update and all.Running Windows 7, 64 bit. i5 2500k. Asus Sabertooth P67 (rev 3) mobo. 8 gigs of Corsair Vengeance RAM. ASUS GTX 570ti.  2 Seagate Barracuda 7200rpm 1TB drives. Can't be the hardware causing trouble.With these errors, the longest gameplay session I've ever had was somewhere between an hour and an hour-thirty minutes. The game is lost. The files deleted. Progress gone. Back to square one.I can't even begin to *fathom* what the ♥♥♥♥ kind of errors will pop up if I attempt a multiplayer match."
,Recommended,244450,14206021,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Dandarr,One of THE best rts stratergies out there. If you like the Company of Heroes franchise or the Wargame series then this game is for you. The developeres of this game keep creating better and better games. The only downside is that they have gotten rid of (or not implemented) the ability to pick up weapons off the ground. The micromanagment aspect of the game goes down to the level of ammo managment as per usual for the franchise. They have used a trie and tested formula with new units and a new campaign. I cannot recomend this game enough.
,Recommended,244450,29857194,Posted: 11 February,all,Casvus,"The devs of this company have taken RTS to a whole new level with it's franchise ""Men of War"". It lets you control individual units in a squad and also make them run around anywhere around the map.Pros:-Decent graphics (I recommend the terminator mod to make the game look better)-Many units to choose from-Soldiers can pick up grenades or pick up fallen weapons-You can make a soldier loot a dead body for ammo-Realistic tank damage (hull damage, tracks hit, ammunition rack on fire, etc)-Fun multiplayer if you play with friends-Workshop is full of maps, missions and mods to further improve your gameplay-Theres a editor where you can create your own maps, missions and battlesCons:-AI is♥♥♥♥♥♥especially close quarters infantry combat-Pointless DLCs with units that should be in the gameGrab this game at sale when it's around 5$ or pay full price which is around 20$"
76561198200995125,Recommended,244450,30061916,Posted: 20 February,all,NukeSkywalker,Great game! i also highly recommend this game if you play world of tank or anything like it. knowing how to angel armor is very helpful. Also love how this game can run on my laptop without any problems.
76561198105258355,Recommended,244450,14215187,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,cheezit,great game one of the best
,Recommended,244450,29993448,Posted: 17 February,all,Lil' BlackFoxx,"Absolutey fun, Cannot stop playing, wether with or without mods, i can garantuee its one of the top games out here.Both Offline and Multiplayer, Never gets old. Recommending!"
76561198105789164,Recommended,244450,15096988,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,[57th] Cypher,"It looks a lot better than the Men of War game that I've had for years now, the voice acting is better, and I really want to like it.Judging by the other reviews, I assume not many people are having this issue. I have a new computer running on windows 7 with 16GB or RAM and some GTX graphics card. but for some reason, the game freezes for me no more than 10 minutes after starting it, and sometimes before I can even start a mission or change my settings. Again, I really want to like this game. I try lowering my settings, verifying game integrity, and I'm about to delete and reinstall to see if that helps.Any advice would be appreciated. But until I find out how to fix this, I can only say that those first ten minutes of gameplay were amazing. buy at your own risk(?)"
76561198373112725,Recommended,244450,30785483,Posted: 27 March,all,Khan823,brilliant game
76561198011131828,Recommended,244450,30784806,Posted: 27 March,all,[CGO] Ruppsrunt,yes
,Recommended,244450,20238165,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,He attac but he also protec,"First of all this game is way too big for my graphics card to handle, thats my own problem. BUT the ""program will be terminated"" crash?! ARE... YOU...♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.. KIDDING... ME?! i cant save, i cant load, and i cant even play a single mission, really?!"
,Recommended,244450,27451012,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,AbYss.GuardiaN,COOL!
,Recommended,244450,18527022,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Sweety Lizard,One of the greatest RTS games about WW2.Assault Squad 2 is improved version of Assault Squad with better graphics and 5 new campaigns.
76561198017353642,Recommended,244450,19943104,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Maverick,good game
,Recommended,244450,25312257,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,KobY,"Got this game because i played pretty much every other and enjoyed them, when i first got it i found it quite boring for some reason then i finnaly got into it and downloaded robz, hinkels etc mods to make the game better. Also love the editor"
76561198081789041,Recommended,244450,15098667,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Giodragon,"This game is truly awesome, from the trenches to the clouds every penny is worth it"
,Recommended,244450,23965841,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,|84th|-|67e| Nioky au Lait,Cons :-You crash everytime-Everyone kicks you for no reasons (Multiplayer)-I know an arty has got a bad accurate but in this game seriously (Multiplayer)-You need to have Windows 1000000000 to have good graphismsGood :-It's fun to play the solo/multiplayer-U MAD BRO?-Too much shoots
76561198110453780,Not Recommended,244450,29185817,Posted: 11 January,all,Lemmu2,"Do not buy this game!I bought it in holiday sale, and i spent the next 5 hours on TRYING TO MAKE IT WORK. After 5 hours only less than half of single player missions work and the multiplayer does not work at all.A game that works this badly is not worth a penny."
76561198102205052,Recommended,244450,13281448,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Sassy,"In my opinion, Men of War: Assault Squad 2 is a very good WW2 strategy game because of the really good and epic gameplay that it got, very good graphics and epic skirmish, etc. I do recommend this game to everybody who loves strategic WW2 games and also you're available to download addons / mods from Steam Work-shop! Keep continue developers with your excellent work!"
76561198007590573,Not Recommended,244450,12947927,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,MustCapMunition,"The game is identical in content to MOW1, with a few engine and asthetic alterations and not worth the $30 i feel like ive been ripped off... refund please"
,Recommended,244450,14041510,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Deluxadyne,"Scratches the itch that Blitzkrieg II failed to cure. A great in-depth strategic RTS that also allows for smalls scale tactical gameplay in squad based and even room to room combat. Seemingly finally getting a handle on the 3D graphical settings that typically held back earlier RTS games. Great detail, diversity and fun features like controlling individual units. Great game, would recommend with no hessitation."
76561198095123133,Recommended,244450,14216734,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,beastmodeactual,I LOVE THIS GAME ..... WAAAAY BETTER THAN coh
76561198074638795,Recommended,244450,22472174,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Balaclava,"This is everything Company of Heroes failed at, CoH for MEN"
76561198055930135,Recommended,244450,12890695,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Why is the rum gone,"Really good. But don't play multiplayer if you have a bad PC because 90% of hosts will kick you and if one person lags on multiplayer, it lags everyone in the match. However, a really good game. My fav WW2 game of all time."
76561198062107090,Recommended,244450,33680706,Posted: 20 July,all,Space Jesus,The game which should rather have been update for original Assault Squad. Instead ending multiplayers support for original and making updated version of game cost over 25 euros. Profit from this game was  used to make new game Call To Arms. Still one of the best and underrated real time tactics games ever made.
76561198077972511,Recommended,244450,30773240,Posted: 27 March,all,HATUEY88,One of the best strategy games.
76561198354705532,Recommended,244450,30574022,Posted: 17 March,all,coolhandnoah,brilliant game love iy 10/10
76561198006948813,Recommended,244450,18257513,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,White_Rodgers,This is an amazing game.
,Recommended,244450,34031133,Posted: 4 August,all,✠ Shadow ✠,"Men of War Assault Squad 2 is great upgrade from the first, graphical updates, new missions, and multiplayer that now runs through steam and not a 3rd party. The game offers the players access to the steam workshop and will allow players to play, create, and upload to share great content. The game has great map/battle editor with a great simple layout and is pretty easy to learn.The modding community in this game is one of the best I have seen with so many large mods that completely overhaul the game and it's mechanics making a new experience every time you donwload a mod. For strategy fans this is a must have. Gates of Hell is the new men of war style game coming out might want to check it out."
76561198022992721,Recommended,244450,14013484,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Patch,"Great game, next level RTS!"
76561198035066794,Recommended,244450,14286108,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,JAY9015,"This game a is great, superb game play, detail and decent challenge."
76561198083269335,Recommended,244450,13311067,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,The Dominator,Its a fun game if you like to play tactical.
76561198344667537,Recommended,244450,29936977,Posted: 14 February,all,EmperorGermanicus,"BEST RTS ww2 GAME EVER MADE. Coh2 has NOTHING on this game, it out classes it in every turn and its a shame, because this game is a still in the closet gem, because alot of folks don't like the heavy realism that a RTS is! But coh2.. fans really (cod) fans think every genre needs to be fast paced and action alll the time, now we know this war was not a hollywood movie, and this game here will teach you fast about how war is, and how you have to do alot of things on the battlefeild to maintain your edge! if you love RTS games, and games that test your brain at every turn.. pick this up.!! why? example - i am a french paratrooper (mod) of this game ww2 mod anyway lol i ran up behind enemy lines and rush the germans out side the tank depot having a smoke, and took me a panzer 3, and had my way rektin germans as they run out of the barrcks to get to cover.. lol then retreated when heavier tanks got there. This game is so epic!"
,Recommended,244450,29706175,Posted: 4 February,all,Futo,"*crouthc animation, TURN UP bang GOTTEM"
76561198349954812,Recommended,244450,29752575,Posted: 6 February,all,Minepro20000,great game :P
,Recommended,244450,18047805,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,AlbanianInfantry,10/10 Would defeat column of Panzers with a small Stuart M37Best RTS game ever seen.
76561198079462284,Recommended,244450,28087233,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,downhillchaos,"as fun as this game is i havnt been able to play it for 2 years now because of an error i keep getting when i try to start the game. it states that there isProgram will be terminated.APP_ERROR:Not SDL file! (eSDLReader.cpp,17)"
76561198028449846,Recommended,244450,22800842,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Vionna,"I dont feel I've played this game enough to fully appreciate it...10/10Robz Realism, Red Rising and U.N.I.T Mod"
76561198049904632,Recommended,244450,17801498,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Warspite,"Men of War: Assault Squad 2 is everything Assault Squad 1 was, but improved. More mission, a tutorial for each nation, and  Steam mod support makes the game easily customisable.Men of War: AS2 is a game of your own experience. There are no heroes to follow, no stories to be told. Unless you say otherwise. You can watch as your US Paratroopers land, commanded by Alan Smith or whoever make there way to a German MG post that's been slaughtering elements of your frontal unit. You create the story in the mission of your choice. Plus, everything is usable. Every individual soldier has ammo, a gun and a helmet, alongside maybe a fieldworks or repair kit, and all these can be taken. You have no more ammo for your rifle? ""Soldier, grab some SMG ammo and that MP 40 from Jerry"". Require a tank, but can't afford it? ""Jackson, see that panzer? Repair it and get it back here"". Every single firearm, every mortar, every AT and howitzer gun, every armoured fighting vehicle, is capable of spewing death upon it's previous masters. Provided you keep them stocked with fuel, ammo, and keeping them intact, of course.Another addition to the game is the veterency system. Individual soldiers, once they kill someone, will gain some veterency, and gain better stats, more HP, more stamina, better weapon handling, better tank control, everything.If you're a sucker for WW2 RTS games, then I'd recommend this one. There might be a lot to learn, but it's all compressed neatly onto the screen, while also allowing you to seen what's happening.And soldier, don't expect everyone under your command to make it out of there alive. War is hell."
76561198075382454,Recommended,244450,16484155,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,cocomagie,9/10
76561198248356196,Recommended,244450,32200381,Posted: 5 June,all,cchrivia,"Great game, has plenty of everything. I fyou dont like what you get you can just download a mod. Cant find anything visably wrong."
76561198114163119,Recommended,244450,14830148,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,mozinator,Great Game! 10/10
76561198077802413,Recommended,244450,21148465,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,baa baa,"No dobut you will want to buy AS2 rather than AS1 in any aspects.There is many improvment for Assault Squad 2 when you compare with AS1.A lot of contents, many mod etc.They successfully change this game into another *COMMON* RTS.If you're rts fan, you will sure love it. it give many different new aspect for you.As a fan of the previous series game, i don't find any reason to buy this game unless it's on sales.Large scale battle, lots of point and click, many micro. (so AS1 is a completely mess but largely improve in here) Direct control and scavenge become somewhat optional. There isn't much time for you to play like these, since you are always busy microing. (minimize the advantage of this game)I have regretted buying this game w/o a serious consideration. It's a great game but not fit my expectation"
76561198152795346,Recommended,244450,32189547,Posted: 4 June,all,john1267,Best Game I have ever played!
,Recommended,244450,14509068,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Danny the Kissless Virgin,The best RTS I have ever played.
76561198091599512,Recommended,244450,14901475,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Vyyrakk,Stages of MOWAS 2 Multi Player gameStage 1: Rush InfantaryStage 2: Try to beat enemy infantaryStage 3: Either call in or beat off enemy BTRs/Light tanksStage 4: Spam ArtyStage 5: Spam tanksStage 6: Stop using infantaryStage 7: Artillary/Heavy tank cluster ♥♥♥♥
76561198082499997,Recommended,244450,15116144,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Snowy,This game is the bomb buy it if your cool
,Recommended,244450,16126994,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,joel,10/10 would lose job over game again
,Recommended,244450,14852361,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,✫ Private Jackson ✫,It is a good game. it makes me feel like im in the game and if im moody i would play this to cheer me up.
76561198057966606,Recommended,244450,34924725,Posted: 13 September,all,[THFB] Xerareo,"Men of War 2For those who own the previous MOWAS game I strongly disagree paying full price for the game.Men of war is very much identical to men of war 1.The game's itself is good. But the downside I see right now is that you have to buy a DLC to get skirmish.Man of war 2  strongest point which makes it of my most fun games of all time is the workshop feature but also it adds endless custom content, campigns and units.Just make a note you need the DLC if you want to play skirmish with AI.Not very accessable to beginners.Four simple reasons:1.) No real tutorials2.) No real singleplayer, the missions all follow the same formatt of defending a position, then moving up.3.) No AI battles, no ai custom games to learn the game or play when no one is online"
,Recommended,244450,14239234,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Zebra Cakes,"*Updated 2/17/2015 with the release of the latest large scale patch*Hated by casuals, loved by the hardcore enthusiasts, MoW continues it's time-tested formula of unrelenting combat in a realistic light. If this is your first foray, be forewarned: This ain't your Daddy's Company of Heroes. The learning curve is steep, but the basics are easy to learn. If 'micro' is a term that makes you shudder, look elsewhere. If base building is a deal breaker, look elsewhere. If you want to rush techs and move large blobs at your enemy, look elsewhere.This is a 'thinking man's' RTT. Units have their own stamina, inventory, and complex hitboxes. Though infantry are summoned on-map in squads, they can and often are broken up into small groups or as individuals. Cover AND concealment are fully functional in game, and the environment is fully destructable. Enemies held up in a fortified house? Why not bring the roof down on them with an AT grenade? Or light the building next to it on fire and let it spread to them? Heck, you can even get ridiculous and drive a tank through it and crush them alive, which brings up the major feature of this game: Direct control.Units can be taken control of on a deeper level, played much like a third person shooter, where you can crawl about as infantry, cook grenades, handle a sniper rifle, hold the line with a machine gun, or clear out a trench with a flamethrower. Or perhaps you prefer to man the controls of a tank, and enjoy the best penetration and hitbox system for tanks in the RTS genre, where it's important to choose proper ammo types and hit specific parts of a vehicle to damage systems, kill crew, or even get lucky and send a turret flying off.The weak will be punished, but those that stick with it(Or better yet, find friends to enjoy the game with in either Co-op or PvP) while find one of the most satisfying and truly dynamic games in the RTS genre.Pros:-unrivaled dynamic play. there is no real 'meta' or build orders to adhere to, playstyles adjust to tactical situations, not the other way around. No two games play the same!-Satisfying realism, if it would work in real life, it would probably work in-game.-US, UK, Germany, Soviet Union, and Japan all come with their own campaigns, and robust armories.-Beautiful levels of detail, especially in vehicles.-Unique gameplay-Great modding community, and steam workshop support.-Dedicated developers, always getting new patches and features. Just recieved a major update patch that adds new gameplay features and refines older ones.-Unique style of play that forgoes base construction and economy farming in favor of persistent combat and steady income for unit call ins.Teching is based on time, rather than construction and research.Cons:-Steep learning curve. Recently, the latest patch included tutorials, however, and this issue is largely resolved if you invest the time to learn.-inconsistant AI behaviour. Sometimes it's really brilliant, sometimes it's supremely dumb.-inventory management can be cumbersome at times.-If you played the first game, the sequel is barely a sequel at all. It's almost 99% identical, but on steamworks instead of gamespy. The latest patch has added some new features, however, that have some bigger changes in gameplay. Namely, the new supply system, and unit veterancy.-Though it's optional in lobby matches, matchmaking forces a 'unit locking' system where you must grind through unlock progression to unlock basic tools on the battlefield, leading to terrible balance situations.Despite it's 'rough around the edges' package, this is a solid game in a genre that is rife with imitation of games from 15 years ago. Men of War: Assault Squad 2 is a breath of fresh air in a realm of 'C&C' and 'Starcraft' copy-cats and games that try to do what Men of War does, but with terrible controls like Theatre of War and Graviteam tactics and a turtles pace. MoW is a fast-paced, tactical, unforgiving conquest with good controls and a good presentation, with ever evolving features and support that steadily address it's shortcomings.2/16/2015: Patch added unit veterancy, automatic resupply for infantry and vehicles near supply trucks/crates, reworked stamina system, graphical improvements, and greater server stability. Balance changes were also included.4/5"
76561198303580710,Not Recommended,244450,25914541,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Iamawesome301,this game does not work. i get errors whenever i try to open it.
76561197981765198,Not Recommended,244450,11150051,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Snowfrosty,"Men of War Assault Squad 1.5 is what the game should be called. The biggest difference is new vehicles and new maps. The new engine does very little mostly prettier textures but same old bad performance. Several maps is reuset instead of usa is attacking, it's germany now. There are two different kinds of missions attack and take over flags and protect a flag. The harder the difficulty  more enemies is indefinitely respawnd it starts to get a little too excessively about 50 tanks and hundreds of soldiers at the same time and you only have about 5 tanks and a couple of squads of men and it can be up to 40 minutes before the time runs out and you win on def missions. If you have assualt squad 1 dont buy it or wait for a sale not more the 9.99"
76561198182162318,Recommended,244450,18115669,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,lavalampe04,i love it
,Recommended,244450,10023453,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Turbo Autism,"Love Men of War series. Coming along great, I keep think it's the exact same as AS 1 but it's not. So many things have changed, and maybe for the better. Really like the workshop compatibility, you gotta love user created content."
,Recommended,244450,10279706,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Senor Cob,Anti tank gun killed my tank. I ripped the 50. cal turret off of the dead tank. Used it to kill the anti tank gun. 11/10
,Recommended,244450,21259410,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,HorizonBC,Buggier than dayz but still a great game
76561198098597706,Recommended,244450,23554620,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,(D☢N) ℝIGOℝ 𝕄OℝT𝕀S,R.I.P. COH 2009-2016
76561198172860730,Recommended,244450,31373277,Posted: 26 April,all,papailia,Epic
,Not Recommended,244450,30811230,Posted: 29 March,all,Classy^^,"I'm going to be honest and harsh here, the game feels unpolished. It feels like an Early Access RTS game that still needs everything (really, everything, from sounds to animations) to be redone but on a professional level instead.I have an extremely expensive audio setup at home including two studio monitor speakers and an audio interface; the sounds in this game are horrible, it's like the sounds belong to a game created back in 2006. Optimisation is also a huge issue in this game, I have an i7 7700k and a gtx 1080, yet I cant keep this game at 60 fps in 1440p while much better looking games allow me to run them in 4K at a consistent 60 fps. This game uses more resources than the Witcher 3.Not to mention, even if your pc can run this game in 4K, the UI becomes extremely small and the game doesn't allow you to scale the UI anywhere; useless.If you're looking for a polished WW2 RTS game I recommend Company of Heroes 2, this game is definitely not worth the 25 euros it's asking on the Steam store. 5 euros would be more like it."
,Recommended,244450,31961865,Posted: 25 May,all,NIX,"Assault Squad 2 is rather a superb game. Out of all it's qualities, I must praise the unit A.I, as it's pathing is almost flawless, the combat cover and shooting/targeting is also almost flawless.  That's my biggest love for the game. Other than that, the game is rather historically accurate, it has alot of unit diversity, alot of tactics and very approachable battles. For newcomers it might seems rather complex, even annoyingly so, but the AI needs only a hint of what to do and the rest is done. I've played battles where all I had to do was allow them to move freely, and as soon as they spotted the enemy I had to do almost nothing but call in reinforcements periodicly. The workshop is also a big plus, as the mods are diverse and wonderful. I can't attribute almost anything bad to this game other than it's rather poor animations. Other than that, and even with that, this game is a definite purchase.Clear 9/10."
,Recommended,244450,32639478,Posted: 22 June,all,augurkenplankje738,its the best
,Recommended,244450,32719107,Posted: 24 June,all,Neko Penetrator,One of the best WW2 themed RTS i ever played
76561198206022305,Recommended,244450,21538380,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Daddy Ethan,played im stalingrad saw a russian kill him and his friends then got rekt bye t-37 tank 10/10 sie hail das fur
76561198002527563,Recommended,244450,14553662,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,[AmTac] Kodiax,"ive been a fan since before early release. ive supported the Devs during the difficult times dealing with conversion from Gamespy to Steam and the troubles fixing problems that turned out to not be their fault.I am a solo gamer who occasionaly enjoys playing coop mod missions not contained in vanilla game.. as an engine for such mods, i am getting much more than my moneys worth. hundreds of hours avail of good, fun gaming.However. this game was focused on and sold as a Multiplay game with Match Making w ranks and ladders etc.Sadly, despite all the efforts so far by the Devs, the game is a miserable problem/headache for the MP and MM communities.  not being one of them i can not go into details on just what all is wrong.  But i know many who do and they are .... frustrated and ... unhappy in increasing numbers.Do I reccomend this game?  as I said, I am getting  hundreds of hours of gaming fun and cannot really dis the game or the Devs, I have no prob dealing with the coop rules.So, if you like solo mod missions, Workshop is loaded with awesome ones I reccomend buying it.IF  you are seeking that 8v8 monster battle lag free etc etc  or  you want to climb the ladder in Match Making, the game so far is still a work in progress with the public not knowing when it will be playable as marketed.the DLC was NOT thought out well. hmm ok so its a ""taste of whats to come""  as in its a small sample of bigger work that will NOT be charged extra for once its ready.  it just seems backwards to me.  you want me to pay for a preview (some might say demo at this point) but youll give me the full blown implemintation for free....OVERALL, upon further reflection, i did decide to change my review rating.  I have had more than my moneys worth already. im also sure that eventually , the Devs will figure out and fix whats wrong and the MP community will get the game they all want.. or at least most of them since its impossible to make everyone happy."
,Recommended,244450,16265507,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,InstaSky,Horoshaya igra
,Recommended,244450,21781511,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Reptilienski,"one of the best WWII RTS, mod is everything for this kind of game, no mod no fun"
,Recommended,244450,13600111,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,✠ Walther Wenck ✠,I love this game it is very realistic. It is just like COH but better.
76561198079345881,Not Recommended,244450,13952449,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Skweezy Jibbs,"This game is terribly awful, that I can't hardly fathom how people play this monstrosity. The AI are as intelligent as mentally ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ kids with shoes in their mouths. The units can hardly manage to hit enemies ten feet in front of them, grenades look like puffs of smoke, I just can't. I held a bridge for about thirty minutes, expended thousands of rounds, and manged to kill but maybe thirty germans. I'd rather pay for the original MOW ten times over than pay for this piece of excrement once."
76561198064372438,Recommended,244450,13871267,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,[82DK] sargeantgamer,"Pretty good startegy game, allows for taking direct control of units (which is very usefull at times), variety of vehicles and infantry, and with this review I would like to ask: Are the Devs planning any third/DLC/different name/new game?"
,Recommended,244450,9702178,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Blood,"MOWAS2 is a Great game compared to the first, but i was hoping for skirmish maps like in MOWAS1. The objective base games are great but the replay value is low. Were I have never played multiplayer onyl single player skirmishes and have logged in 100 hrs of gameplay. Please add some old skirmish game modes for us to enjoy."
76561198033715928,Recommended,244450,9572458,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Lithion,"This strong ww2 based RTS comes from a company trusted for wanting historical accuracy, and establishing realisitic games to an excellent extent (IL-2: Sturmovik line). Accurate models of tanks and the capabilities of their weapons and armour sketch the outline of this game, with solid infantry combat at its core.One of the key features of the game series is the ability to directly control a unit. Keeping your top overview, you can thusly control an infantryman or tank using the wasd-keys and mouse to give you the edge of the standard unit ai. Whether you use it to take out a tank's track before finishing it off, or to grab a grenade and whipe out a clutch of infantry, the result is usually critical in a match.Another feature is that vehicles and heavy weapons (AT-guns, MGs) which are critically damaged and abandoned can be recrewed, repaired and added to your army. Maybe not unique in the RTS world, it is done excellently in this game.Veterans of the original Assault Squad will mainly see graphical and engine improvements and a few new units and maps wrapped in a fresh package at a low price as far as new games go. Do not, however, expect a brand new game, which it has never claimed to be."
76561197982057848,Recommended,244450,9712982,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,RGN Stormj,awsome game keep up the grate mods guys gj
76561198049732429,Recommended,244450,9813161,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,GreatAdam,"As a veteran of 450+ hours on Men of War: Assault Squad and a closed beta tester of this game, I feel inclined to give a review.Men of War Assault Squad 2 is a both a step forward that just has a little way to go before it is a success. It features some fantastic new features, namely the UI, steam support, and graphical enhancements. New missions give the single player more life than the challenging, yet monotonous skirmishes of its predecessor. The new vehicle textures are spectacular, including unique camoflage based on environment. Although the infantry textures are somewhat outdated, they don't detract from the game, same with the foliage and shaders.Once again, a relatively steep learning curve is displayed, requiring refined skills that can only be achieved through dedicated online play. You CANNOT just jump in and expect to win like other RTS games. You have to be patient and learn from your mistakes. Furthermore, you must dedicate yourself to learning the wider variety of control features the game displays, including the glorious direct control mode that allows for the most epic tank maneuvers you'll experience within the genre, the intuitive unit equiping system that allows you to loot and recover lost weapons and ammo, and finally the vehicle damage/penetration/component damage system, repairing vehicles based on where they were hit. Each of these features are what seperate the Men of War games from the rest of the genre, and mastering them is the key to success in multiplayer and getting over that curve.The only qualm I have so far with the game is the multiplayer connection glitches. 1 in every 2 games I have played so far have poor framerates, disconnects, or straight up crashes. This makes multiplayer somewhat unplayable for me right now, whereas Assault Squad 1 had very few online issues. I'm confident, however, that the developers will have the multiplayer optimized by the full release, and as I understand, very few other players have had these issues.Overall, I definatly reccommend this game to both veterans of the series and new players who want a massive tactical challenge. So long as you don't give up, this series can become one of the most rewarding and intuitive experiences you'll ever find.PS: To those who would compare this to Company of Heroes, they are different on fundamental levels. COH is an arcade style fast paced base builder with nowhere near as much thought to detail and realism on the level that MOW displays, but is a very fun game for what it is. Don't compare them, just enjoy them both based on what you find to be most satifying."
76561198018449774,Recommended,244450,12835150,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,cleevefire,"Come on guys this is the best RTS game,my all time favourite,Yes they could add a bit more in to it,i Ithink they willdevelopment is still on going and i am hoping for some Good DLCs,brilliant 1st game,good 2nd game,Just need thatbit Extra."
,Recommended,244450,12837027,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,|Assault Suit dowmein|,"Destructive as hell. Heavy ordinance blasting everything to♥♥♥♥♥♥is great. Lots of detail and controlability.Is more or less a rerelease of MoW AS1 but with steam servers and steamworks.There's a moderate difficulty curve, due how much you can control.PvP is a blast whether playing casually or competitively. If you want coop, grab a coop map pack, the default coop maps are kind of linear and simple and there are some really fantastic user created maps out there.The coop spawning system can be a little irritating with more than two people. It'll spawn units to random players on your team and you have to manually send units to each other if you don't get what you want."
76561198027641358,Recommended,244450,12840103,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,=][= Overlord =][=,"Great Game  once you know how to handle it with the ammunition (as beginner) the tactical layout in this game is lovly  even fighting  you need a good balance of infantry,armor to have a advantage on the battlefield ah musst have vor friends of strategy and world war 2"
76561198157176482,Recommended,244450,12831993,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Kexito,"The best WWII strategy game ever created! The only thing which could have been done better are the animations of soldiers, but the rest is just pure awesomeness!!"
76561198004635653,Not Recommended,244450,17815576,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Groo the Wanderer,"573 Hours on record and then the game crashes everytime while in mission.  I have tried every possible remedy that was suggested by the developer in the forums and I am giving up in disgust.Seems they are more interested in their new game than in fixing issues with this one.And BTW, no I will not buy the new one, simply because of this situation. And I have every MOW game."
76561198069599432,Not Recommended,244450,28351414,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Skittles,"I really enjoyed this game, however, after the update, the game just starts with a black screen, and nothing. I tried other recommendations to downgrade to the earlier versions or patches which worked, but it makes your game crash. Totally disappointed."
76561198123750698,Recommended,244450,22293834,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,SOAR_Lt_Titan,this game is alot of fun i reccomend it too anyone
,Recommended,244450,10173304,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Bruin,"Same as the last one. But new HD graphics.... Still same factions no Italy, France, and or Poland. Pretty much what the community wanted in GSM was compleatly ignored. So you know it's cool its fine. Just take your sweet♥♥♥♥♥time and make a new game with everything the same. Only reason why I'm recommending it is because Men of War: Assasult Squad (1) multiplayer will probably die soon so might as well pay $30 for HD texture pack and new maps."
76561198026940760,Recommended,244450,10434727,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,SEEK,"9/10, best strategy game released in years. easily equals eugen's wargame for strategic depth and complexity.it's micro intensive, but very satisfying. the factions are diverse and there are many, many maps. to boot, it's half the price of a normal game with at least 10x the content. if you're an RTS fan, you won't be disappointed; if you're new, stick with it: the learning cliff is tall, sure. but the summit is worth the climb."
,Not Recommended,244450,30764916,Posted: 26 March,all,Cleetus (bone hurting juice),"When the developers create troubleshooting guides instead of fixing the issues you know you should stay away. I'm sifting through forum threads from 3-4 years ago trying to find fixes to my crashes. And for the life of me I can't find any new content I have not seen in Assault Squad 1. AS2 uses the same voices, maps, assets, AI as Assualt Squad, but with a 2 slapped ont here. What gives?"
,Not Recommended,244450,24733364,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,ToxiGhost,"Not Recommended-Low FPS during big fights on beefy systems-Overall pretty dated graphics-Small maps-Low unit capThe ability to take direct control over each of your units is fun for a while, but in the end it's completely overrun by everything that's just plain bad about the game.There's a decent tactical edge to the singleplayer campaigns (within the confines of the map and how they designed it for each specific engagement), but multiplayer is just a rush based slug fest for the most part.Overall it comes together to make a pretty badly optimized, mundane and underwhelming WW2 RTS game. It aims for more realism than the Company of Heroes series but fails, adding ontop of it a bunch of issues that CoH simply doesn't suffer from.With that being said, the models in MoW:AS2 are well made and the ability to take control of your units adds a new level of playability that some may find more appealing than similar games in the genre, but I can't recommend it based on my experience.Overall rating: 6/10TL:DR:""Underwhelming"""
,Recommended,244450,9390570,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,PLAVT,"Единственная игра в своем роде, аналогии которой пока не найти. Полюбилась с самой первой части и не дает повода усомниться в превосходстве и широкомаштабных зрелищных боях. Много писать не имеет смысла.... Но те, кто с самого раннего момента играет в ВТВ, данное продолжение обязательно понравится!Единственное было некомфортно из-за нехватки русского языка, но теперь после обновления он появился! Благодарю разработчиков!!!!"
,Not Recommended,244450,12279211,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Thunder Death 2,RIPOFF GAME DO NOT BYE THIS GAME ALL SAME MAPS
76561198042617549,Recommended,244450,9251362,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,PER MARE PER TERRAM,This is a great game and now you can also get mods straight off the steam workshop
,Recommended,244450,15612428,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Cule,"The re-design of the GEM2 engine in AS2 has been a huge step forward - DMS is taking the steps in the right direction.Assault Squad 2 has reached nearly 10,000 simultaneous players. That is a great achievement that has brought a lot of popularity for this RTS saga, and let's hope it carries on. Despite the current glitches and issues, AS2 has great potential, and i'm sure a competent developer like DMS will surely finish off with a great game."
,Recommended,244450,20798101,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Musket Marine,Built Tank Destroyer against Infantry.My opponent laughed at me.Then I ran them all over.Tank Destroyer/10Would kill infantry with the Tank Destroyer again.
76561197979908396,Recommended,244450,10015661,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Arnhem Veteran,"By far the best RTS game available. I played the whole serie and still it is never boring.Played the 1st part over 200 hours, this one will beat the 200 hours I think.If you like RTS buy this gamePlayed the game for a year now, it is still great (although I did not hit the 200 hours). There are several fantastic mods to play and the speed of the game is due several updates much improved."
,Not Recommended,244450,10700339,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,RoadCaptain,"i found it waaayy to similiar to company of heroes, just.... sort of.... worse.... sorry guysthe graphics arent as impressive as CoH2, and the game controls arent as well blended or easy-to-use as its cousin twice-removedno me gusta"
76561198082016626,Not Recommended,244450,25196539,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,DTG25,"I don't see how this game got as many positive reviews as it did. I assume because the people who played it did not get the first one. Because that's all this game really is. it is literally just like the first one, all the same campaign mission, most of the same units. Also this game runs like Sh*t. This game is, as I said before, almost exactly the same as the first one only 4X the price. I'm just glad i bought this for $7.49 and not the $29.99 that they were asking for a few weeks ago. $7.49 for this game is still way too high.so all in all, DO NOT buy this game, just go buy the first one if you want a game like this that bad."
76561198056230758,Recommended,244450,9320132,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Mr. Wolf,This game is a huge improvement i remember playing the first and getting immediatley hooked on this series they pay huge amounts to detail and being able to recreat your own historic battles with the editor is amazing. If you have time to burn and are thinking of getting this game DO IT the missions are fun no matter the difficulty and the AI will punish you for mistakes no matter how big or small they'll find a way to. This game is on my top 5 at first place this will not disappoint you.
,Recommended,244450,9576585,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Narc,You will not regret buying this WW2 RTS
,Recommended,244450,9678688,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Many Miles Away,"There is a common misunderstanding that sequels usually suck. NOT true with this iteration of Men of War!  This takes everything awsome about the first and builds upon it.  But it does it in such a way that it doesn't take away from the expierience.  It provides a first of all FAR more engaging AI within the game now.  My biggest gripe about the first game was the fact that the AI seemed scared to go on the offensive.  Now the AI is extremely aggressive and can actually be quite difficult to beat at times.  The graphical changes seem to be pretty minor compared to the first game but they do put some nice touches to the vehicles.What I am most excited for however is the integration of a massive amount of Skirmish coop battles.  According to the devs, there will be a total of 40 skirmish battles when the game is released.  In addition to that, the steam support for the game is an EXTREEEEMELY welcome addition compared to the last game which allows easy sharing of missions and mods in the community.  Another nice addition is the usage of your steam account for in-game leveling.If you are fan of the Men Of War series...THIS...IS...A MUST HAVE!!!!  Get it while its on sale for $25.  See you all on the battlefield..."
76561198059418472,Not Recommended,244450,22272133,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Millefanti,"I am truly on the fence with MoW: AS II. On one hand, the game is quite solid and does not fail where its predecessor succeeded, but at the same time I see few improvements. The modding seems comprehensive and the multiplayer system is far more streamlined (In my opinion), yet, I find it hard to reccomend this title. There is simply too little built upon from the original by what I've seen. If this were on sale for a good price (which it typically is) I can reccomend picking it up. However, I bought this game at the current price ($29.99) and quickly refunded it, but I do intend to pick it back up later at a cheaper price.As it stands, I can not suggest buying Men of War: Assault Squad II at full price. Just wait for the next big sale."
76561198006724164,Recommended,244450,9931477,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,ҽQ. ☮Terror's Edgy Meme's☮,"I really like the style of this game, reminds me of COH but more real life like, it makes cover seem a lot more important then most RTS i have played, and i hope this game lives up to the good expections i looking forward from it"
76561198083592812,Not Recommended,244450,12210701,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Full Blatant,"I have over 600 hours on AS1.I have to say, I am majorly disappointed in this game. Like everyone else is saying, this feels like a worse version of AS1. The grenade timer feels very nooby and unnecessary. The performance is even worse, and the game has dissolved into 3+ assault squads at the beginning of every game. Just watch the good players play and you'll see this. It gets boring and repetitive. Whoever gets the lucky grenade pretty much wins the whole game, as it is near-impossible to recover from a beginning loss. AS1 was better because you could call in vehicles earlier to stop yourself from being swarmed and mgs were more effective in holding off waves.  Wah Wah! I let people gain an advantage over me early on and I don't deserve to be punished with people dug in on a point! DMS make it so I can charge head on into MGs and people in cover and actually win.The balancing also needs some work even after 6 months of continuous analysis by the best players on the game.I would go back to AS1 immediately if gamespy wasn't down."
,Recommended,244450,11306784,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Sovereign,"-nice game better than coh2-any DLC like coh (20euros for 2 fractions)-you can play the USA, UK, Japans, Germans and the Russians-free uinets, maps and missions in the workshop"
76561198053001981,Recommended,244450,13536845,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Sway Dizzle,"Great game. Just an improved Assault squad, but hey I only payed $5.00 so it was worth it."
76561198010204657,Recommended,244450,19892375,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,ThEBxDoN,Men of War: Assault Squad 2 is an AMAZING RTS. Dont believe the negative comments from other revierwers and give the game a shot!!!
,Recommended,244450,10145075,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Tujev,my favorite wargame
,Recommended,244450,10313324,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Elliediaz,"Now, This game sale 75% and you can get this game just 8 dollers.i can't endorse Deluxe Edition and Fxxked DLC(that two content waste money)but main game, be sure more worth than 8$. if you love WWII, strategy, Commandos, Micro control, Whatever."
,Recommended,244450,24974949,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,TheGiles14,brilliant game
76561198088431219,Recommended,244450,17632661,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,I✠ISmokel✠I,cool
76561198157715339,Not Recommended,244450,23350608,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,LudwigHej,"AI in this game is definitely need more works.I am not talking about your enemies.its your own units,your AT-artillery always looking for infinties and then get killed by a tank when you put your attention on your tank or infantry.and when you put all your attention on At-artillery and carefully taken those tanks down by yourself.then you just realized you dont got any ♥♥♥♥ing time to organize your attack.and then another ♥♥♥♥ing enemies tanks arrived just like those tanks you just destroyed ."
76561198006532703,Recommended,244450,10315622,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,BlueBull,While I do enjoy this game it is almost an exact duplicate of the prior Assault Squad.  There are a few updated mechanics and units. Not worth $35.00. Catch it on sale.
76561198018144210,Not Recommended,244450,20206678,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,GingerNinja,Game isnt finished
,Recommended,244450,11935828,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,BOMBARDERA,Company of Heroes with more explosions and epic firefightsMUCH better with mods
,Recommended,244450,34667129,Posted: 1 September,all,...:::Persian Army_A_:::...,"its a beessst game ,,,"
,Recommended,244450,12252842,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,RonMySon,Great base game.  Even better mods.
76561197964480595,Recommended,244450,10238435,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Chaffayy,SOLDIERS: HEROES OF WW2 ANYONE????????????Doesn't make it any less awesome!!
,Recommended,244450,10215311,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,SnuggleTron 5000,Do you like explosions?  Do you like killing Nazis?  Do you like more explosions?  Of course you do.  You should get this game.  #Fireshorts
76561198007031150,Not Recommended,244450,25195006,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,bendac1,"I am highly upset with the developers of this game and Steam for selling such a corrupted product.  I have been anticipating this game due to the few that can get it to work regularly and am glad I only spent the discounted price for such a failure.  I hope this company gets it together, but by the looks of it they are not very concerned.  I will be asking for a refund if they cannot get their act together shortly.  One should not have to walk around the world to fix what they pay money for.  I only got to play the game for an hour so I cannot truly comment as to if this game is any good or not."
76561198055473724,Recommended,244450,11682392,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Tankslayer_TFX,"A highly improved AS1. With more, and updated, mods."
,Not Recommended,244450,16768294,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Traficadeiro de Smilhas,♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,244450,9283689,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,[OpHe] thecraicbear,"Great fun so far. I haven't played anything from the MoW series up until now, and having played a few hours it reminds me of one of my favourite games of all time, Soldiers: Heroes of World War 2. So I'm pretty amazed how this series has escaped me for all these years.I love the diverse tactical approach to different situations, and I also love the inventory system. Also, for an RTS, it looks pretty good, and it's not at all stressful on a decent video card or processor."
76561198066288702,Recommended,244450,9784289,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,XxREDxZON3xX,"The game is very fun! It has a smoother interface than the First Assault Squad and other games previuosly. It has a higher to detail than Company of Heroes does, and the game takes more in depth to what an RTS truely is. I am a BIG Fan of RTS games and I had choosen this game over WarGame Red Dragon, I think it is really good game. Buy it, but it still has many crashing and freezing frames every now and then, but overall the game has more of a fun and more thinkable way to play this game. It offers more and is more Diverse."
76561198153389695,Not Recommended,244450,24826513,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,lililion,The first time I played with the editor it crashed and I can't even play the editor again. I tried re-installing and removing all my mods and still it didn't work.
,Recommended,244450,12943149,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,De Samnite,"Mate, Oh mate you don't know what you're packing into. If you're here from a tactical standpoint ready to demonstrate your leadership, cunning and ability to command on the field, you're wrong. You're so bloody wrong. You don't know what you're getting yourself into.This is war, and you are not coming out the same boy you went in as. Conscripted for 2 years military service, your fresh carcass will be tested on the line of battle. You belong in rank and file, nowhere else. Incomprehensible amounts of enemy forces, numbers and strength, and you're limited in resources because you messed up the first time. THERE WILL BE NO OTHER TIME. You suffer sonSo what are you going to do when you get the call of duty. Are you to lay in your trench, trusted Lee Enfield Mk1 by your side ready to lay down some Jerry. Are you a lion, or a mouse. Answer? NEITHER. You're not even on the radar because you're that puny. Are you to assume command as a NCO, assure victory for your comrades who are pinned behind sandbags in a ditch effort to hold 10m radius of land. Who will listen? Your forces are already pinned, they aren't leaving them bags private. Jenkins is losing his mind, Blimming Panzer IV's knocking on the flood gates ready to embed fascist propaganda in the form of an iron fist, A heated barrel and uncountable amount of lead to be burried in you and your comrades, dead or alive.This is it son. Should you enlist? It's not a question of what can you do for your country, but what your country can do for you. There are thousands of greenbacks flocking into the enlisting posts. Some as young as twelve. They're ready to lay lives for their country, theirs and those who oppose democratic ways of settling disputes. Please note how I hadn't mentioned boys, I consider the youth men. I see tigers ready to reak havoc behind enemy lines, I see pumas ready to pounce at those who supress idealistic gentlemen with the end of a rifle. I see lions who roar freedom against this barbaric state who considers the common man less than their counterpart.You know the risks soldier, you know what's at stake. It's you, or them.So who is it going to be?"
76561198086946948,Recommended,244450,13558916,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Green Jacket,7/10    Single player is pretty good. Online is good. Unit path finding could be better. Sometimes they choose the worst path. Its not a game breaker. It has a few factions to play as each having many units. It has good maps and game modes. Overall a good game.
,Not Recommended,244450,18064567,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Cleverslim,This game is ok but when it comes to multiplayer dont expect any balance because thats not fun expect germans to win 90 percant of the time because of their huge late game advantage with heavy tank spam only japan has tanks needed but people never want to be japan because of their asian bias i do not recomend this game for multiplayer it is highly unbalanced late game.
76561198000636901,Recommended,244450,11355256,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,JTWStephens,"This should've probably been released as an expansion. In terms of gameplay, it's virtually identical to Assault Squad 1. However, the engine has been revamped, so the game runs WAY better in singleplayer (at the moment, multiplayer is bogged down by bugs and lag, unfortunately.)Ultimately I'm glad I bought it, but it's weird to see a developer so blatantly re-sell a ""sequel"" that is almost a carbon copy of the original on the surface."
76561198047404301,Not Recommended,244450,25224012,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,s0rmr,"The game looks like a lot of fun but it is totally not in a functional state. The forum is full of people with critical crashes and frequent errors, including myself. These errors go back months, so I assume they will not be corrected.Basically, give it a shot but be prepared to ask for a refund pretty quickly if you get one of the crippling errors. You'll know before you finish the first mission."
76561198106293589,Not Recommended,244450,13116846,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,*Driving*Miss*Daisy*,"Just plain terrible, takes fun away by having same missions as the first and with all being unlocked from the start takes away any challenge, don't buy."
76561198013040096,Recommended,244450,10159447,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Rael1985,The voice overs alone make it worth it. That and it's a brilliant game.
,Not Recommended,244450,13149066,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,sinistar,"Really fun game, when it works. Atrocious amounts of glitches and bugs. Be prepared to fight the unresponsive soldiers, inability to resupply some units, your commands not being obeyed, and soldiers being stuck on their way to designated position, i.e. unable to go around obstacles, and stepping in place. AI seems infinetely stupid, and a bit overpowered, i.e. constant suppply of them is a bit overdone. Micromanagement is ridiculous, i.e. you need to re-supply all squads under fire,  but supply units are first to be fired upon. Snipers are useless, as they can't see any further than other units, and can't shoot very quickly, so they will do a kill every now and then, and that's all. Waves of incoming units are ridiculous, as there's no time to re-supply properly, or actually fight the resupply system, as soldiers just don't want to re-supply in most cases. There's no control over how and when vehicles like tanks fire from their main gun and when from the MG.Don't get me wrong, it's really nice game, but ridden with bugs. Btw... when you get angry and frustrated due to such issues, ALT-F4 doesn't work."
76561197999411558,Recommended,244450,10187758,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,OKAY,"If you are a RTS Fan you must try out MOWAS2 its truly a good game but keep in mind its Not an arcade game such as the much loved Coh series , you can say MOWAS2 is more of a Hardcore mode with much more micro rather than macro organizing   and with much much more units.A must try game if you like RTS"
76561198009985871,Recommended,244450,18257789,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,TacTix,Best RTS games out there (this and AS 1)
76561198320989715,Recommended,244450,24582922,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Redmonkey34,I downloaded and payed for the game but when I tried to play it just saysProgram will be terminatedAPP_ERRORHOW DO I PLAY THE GAME WITHOUT THIS ERROR ?!
76561198281618506,Recommended,244450,24744665,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Winston Churchill,"I love this game, its a really good WW2 game with ok graphics and alot of variety but the thing that gets me is now i cant seem to play due to a bloody map error when i start up the game. -_- But overall i still recommend the game and its worth the money."
,Recommended,244450,16522153,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,The Wild Goose,"Really deep strategy game, where you can adopt your own style, and just have a lot of fun with the multiplayer. ( have done almost no single player). it takes a while to master, but when it gets competitive its very fun. probably, at the moment, my favourite game in my library."
76561198069420906,Recommended,244450,10232100,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Lafayette,This is by far one of the greatest games I've ever played
76561198012213636,Recommended,244450,10200961,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Flavius,One of the coolest WW2 games I have ever played.
76561198067251722,Recommended,244450,13871985,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Lucence,"I don't care what other people say about this game, I adore it. It's, by far, the best in its genre. If you can figure out the mechanics of the game, you'll stop cursing at the AI and learn to equip your guys with better gear and resupply them with ease among many other things. Highly recommended"
76561198077788527,Recommended,244450,16636755,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Cloud,"Warning:Currently, for multiplayerCo-op gamesKicked by the host before game startsKicked by the host during the gameKicked by the host before game ends                        (Why? He just wants to)Kicked by the server/host for connection problems  (Oh, and you cannot re-join the game)Competitive gamesKicked by the host, because you are a more experienced player not in his teamKicked by the host, because you are not an experienced player in his team(Oh, OK, so, what if the other way?)♥♥♥♥ed by the experienced players in enemy team♥♥♥♥ed by the 'experienced' players in your teamAnd...Kicked by the host during the game for unknown reasonsKicked by the server/host for connection problemsAlso, currently, it seems that there is no option to add these players/hosts to your 'black list', or choose not to play with them.(What does this mean? Get 'kicked and ♥♥♥♥ed' again and again, AND AGAIN    (^.^) )So, not recommended unless you are comfortable with single player or have friends to play with.Overall:Single player         :   6/10Multiplayer            :   4/10  (Random players)Workshop (mods) : 10/10"
76561198021756291,Recommended,244450,17785454,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,willikillyou,this is a very deep RTS that once you find out how to work can be soo much fun and with the mods they have going for it you can do some crazy funny and fun things. If you got a friend then guy him/her this game and play some missions co-op and its gets that much more crazy its just a fun game overall if you enjoy WW2 RTS's .
,Recommended,244450,18249631,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Jilmek,"The only thing that makes me keep playing this game is the Modding Community, so if you're not into mods I don't really recommend it. But if you are, then you will discover the greatest modding community (After skyrim)"
76561198207057977,Recommended,244450,18284826,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,DeadDucky1554,"This is the best ww2 rts game i have ever played other than company of heroes 2. but this is cheaper, more complex and in my opinion more entertaining"
76561198038489829,Recommended,244450,18763759,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,mch101,This Really REALLY need to be patched for mac it would be amazimg. thanks
76561198160130798,Recommended,244450,18404414,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Mr. Krabs,Still better than playing Company of Heroes. Has fun and addicting gameplay and a good community.
76561198195972507,Recommended,244450,16328254,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,[14A]Farid_Rommel,This is the best strategy game!!! The real war!!! The simulated battle!!!in IRAN WE like it.http://menofwariran.mihanblog.com/
76561198137831726,Recommended,244450,19960846,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,HUSKY™,im just stunned by this game fully recomended to all great single player misssions and MP full off players ready to eat you alive i love it
76561198072758716,Recommended,244450,20039479,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,FIGHTINGBASS™,"Killed Germany as America, killed America as Japan, killed Russia as Germany, Killed Japan as Russia, and England didnt do ♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,244450,21575231,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,POT,สุดยอดเกมวางแผน 9/10  เสียด่ยไม่ทีภาคใหม่ๆ
76561198050493635,Recommended,244450,19949600,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Alex Jones,"Personally, when it was on a free weekend, I had a blast playing this game. Now, I shall buy it."
,Not Recommended,244450,22598001,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,D.Morok,new game. same problesms as before.poor net code.gladly we have workshop.but still - dont waste your money. or buy with 90% sale price.
76561198089195138,Recommended,244450,18491091,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,keva,"assault squad 2 is een redelijke game had wel iets beter gemogen veel weg van het eerste, maar kan iemand mij helpen.moet je skirmish vrijspelen? of downloaden want ik kan er niet opkomen"
76561198026070152,Not Recommended,244450,26529886,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Beck13,Too many bugs hardly ever runs properly with a general update that kills the game when it doesnt jive with the mods in use.
76561198123996656,Not Recommended,244450,24782585,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,TheSaltyShark,the game stinks i cant even get it to load without the game crashing or lagging out
,Recommended,244450,12037109,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,spittle tucks,"love the game, hate the crashing"
,Recommended,244450,12850212,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Amphore,Assault Squad say it all....
,Recommended,244450,15219276,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Renosaras™,Best job i ever had!
,Recommended,244450,13487052,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,andrewx56,"I liked that there is more unit variety in this game. However, the campaign was really not much different from the first Men of War with some repetition of scenarios and the refreshing ammo and supplies for troops could still be improved. The graphics seem to be a markedly large improvement and there was a more immersive feel to the game."
,Recommended,244450,24342496,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,✫Bunnyman5✫,"I was only 9 years oldI loved Donald TrumpI had all the merchandiseEvery night I’d pray to Trump for deporting illegal immigrantsMy dad would hear me and call me a racistI knew he was just jealous of my devotion to Donald TrumpI called him a♥♥♥♥♥♥He slaps me and send me to bedI’m crying now and my face hurtsI feel a warmth approach meIt was Donald TrumpI’m so happyHe whispers in my ear “we need to build a wall”Then he gets me out of bed and reaches in his pocketI’m readyI open my wallet for DonaldHe gives me a small loan of a million dollarsIt hurts so much, but I do it for DonaldI feel my wallet tearing as he puts the money inHe roars a mighty roar as he puts the money inMy dad walks in and says “what the ♥♥♥♥”Donald Trump looks at him and says “you’re fired”Trump leaves through the windowTrump is love, Trump is life"
76561197986220217,Recommended,244450,30562443,Posted: 16 March,all,l3osnak,"Awesome ! After the total war series and crusader kings two , this is my go two !"
76561198155572058,Recommended,244450,18650434,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,ChaikaAce16th,"Good game that could be better.I recommend this game to wwii fans out there wanting to play this type of game but have never tried the previous titles like the assault squad 1. However if you played it before, don't bother with this title unless it's on a huge sale because the developers did not pay enough effort into making this a better game.I would say that this is the best wwii rts game out there right now, but the problem remains as there is a large room for possible improvments in terms of the types of skirmish missions available to the players.They're all basically the same type of missions and most of them are carried over from the assault squad 1."
76561198007713309,Recommended,244450,14608002,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Legend Spears,This game is a fantastic strategy game and I highly recommend it. However it is quite in depth so should be only played by experienced RTS players. 8/10
76561197981100904,Recommended,244450,14590090,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,lakota362,Blown away!  with this update and the GSM12 update thie IS THE BEST WW2 RTS EVER! once the bugs are fixed LOL
76561198186458737,Not Recommended,244450,24537112,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Another Happy Landing,"Overall great game. Editor is fun, mods are great, and if you and your buddies get on you can have hours of banter and fun but as of patch 3.250.0 my game is unplayable. I've followed the instructions on how to fix it, I've installed x86 just like the change-log said to do, and it still crashes on launch. If anyone can tell me what I'm doing wrong feel free to share.biggest issue is that every update seems to break the game in some way"
76561197979691821,Recommended,244450,14486626,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,noT,"game lags in MP, and developers dont listen to costumers. but still the game is better than COH2"
76561198053164212,Recommended,244450,15018527,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Hermelin Covfefe,"10/10i literally just sent my men over the top ww1 style, but since i was playing easy i would always win anyway... i'm  a duck leading an army, which is just cray cray"
76561198011013432,Recommended,244450,14074391,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Muzikants,"If you are into WW2 strategy and are looking for something more realistic than arcade Company of Heroes this game is what you neeed!Pros:-every soildier has its own inventory-you can pick up enemy weapons starting from pistols to big guns-direct control: control any unit with WASD keys and mouse-realistic balistc, armor, penetration values-battles are intesne and grand-destructable enviroment-competitive multiplayer-map editor, hell yeah-huge mod support which included 100s of new unitscons:-multiplayer sometimes has lag and out of sync-no decent campaign8/10"
76561197986541111,Recommended,244450,10178148,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,madnagash,"I recommend this to all fans of the MoW series and players let down by other RTS games (looking at you CoH2).The good:- superb realism and great combat mechanics- superb physics and terrain destruction- many units for each faction and many maps- multiplayer and matchmaking (it was difficult to play good multiplayer in the previous games of the series and this one finally fixed that)- difficult (in a good way - make sure you learn all the game's systems before playing competitive multi)The bad:- very similar to Assault Squad 1, even some single player maps are recycled (may be a + for some players)- single player campaing may be seen as too disconnected, too little story (but may be treated as a good training for multi)- difficult (casual players may feel frustrated if they are not willing to learn the game)"
,Recommended,244450,13299555,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Space Viking,"This game is quite a diamond in the rough. It has a steep learning curve, but is a must-have for major RTS and WWII fans. The game truly shines when playing cooperatively with friends, especially with the wealth of custom game modes and historical battles such as D-Day, Okinawa, Kursk and many others, which can all be found on the Steam Workshop or on related websites. This game really doesn't have that many players, so it would be nice to see more, as it is again, a absoultly fabulous game."
76561198066848292,Recommended,244450,14629252,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Eureka!,Hell yes i recomend this game its one of the best ive ever played.
76561198034518341,Recommended,244450,14924651,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Patch,"Gameplay is better than COH. Not a WW1, WW2 fan. Its just dull and boring(No disrespect to the old school). I like todays models(Vehicles, weapons, etc). I bought MOW AS1 and AS2 for the ""Cold war"" and ""RED RISING"" Mod. The best mods out there. Shoutout to the Cold war and Red rising mod makers"
,Not Recommended,244450,23908580,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Lieutenant_Pats,"I want to like the game. Its innovative, and 10 times better than Company of Heroes. But the missions are exactly the same format almost every time, and half the maps are pulled from the original Assault Squad.Edit: AI balance issues seem to have been fixed a little maybe, or maybe its because i hold my tanks in reserve more.Balance Issues exist. AI tanks are OP as hell. I faced an AI with 4 tanks vs his one. 2 of them were recovered tanks that were the same type as the medium tank i was facing. He wiped out all of my tanks, while my units (and an AT gun) blasted away at his weaker side armor from a stopped and stabilized position. There is realism. And then there is absolute lunacy.Easy mode, your tanks are invincible which isnt fun. Normal, the enemy tanks are invincible but the troops are realistic and challenging. Cmon. There shouldnt be such a jump. Easy is TOO easy. and Normal you might as well just use troops exclusively without your useless tanks."
,Not Recommended,244450,21348815,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Peltz,"This game is somewhat a two sided dice.It's quite ok at lower difficulty setting. However at heroic setting the game ditches all and any realism. Enemy units see through foliage, lack any and all recoil mechanisms and friendly armored units become completely useless because they just cant see/detect/hit or penetrate the enemy armor (up to 40 hits to take down a medium tank, right, realism).All in all, i recommend a playthrough on the easy settings but stay away from hard or hardcore. The coding errors and blatantly broken ai make it a save/load torture. I mean where is the common sense that an enemy infantry runs infront of a 2x10 squads and nobody shoots/hits. Seriously.Verdict: Not recommended due to broken mechanism which are not apparent on lower difficulty settings."
76561198035461472,Recommended,244450,13034572,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,KlumsyK,Men of War is to Company of Heroes what the 7 Samurai is to The Magnificent 7. Except the Magnificent 7 is actually not that bad.
76561198025541272,Recommended,244450,14972216,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,martin.borthwick,An excellant game with great graphics. Makes a good alternative from playing COH2 all the time
76561198188126573,Recommended,244450,19858655,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,randy orton,the best
76561197998319436,Recommended,244450,19904890,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Fellfaller,Best Strategy WWII Game ever
10101001100101010,Recommended,244450,14510456,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Rogue,One of the best strategy games I've ever played. 10/10
,Recommended,244450,10775307,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Bluepr1nt,"AwesomeThis game is about micromanagement in a ww2 battlefield what it does very well.It is just a thrill to capture a whole base with just a few soldiers. But when not acting corectly you can lose a lot of soldiers. The game is build around realism, it is posible to repair tanks when they are knocked out but not destroyed completely.Tanks in the game do not have a hit bar it is a chance that a bulit hits on the vulnerable places, because of this your tank can be destroyed when the first bullit hits (taking to accaunt the armor thickness) or can be completely functional after loads of hits.Men of War as2 does not give much improvement over men of war as1.But it is better than as1, runs better and has new units and other small improvements.If you have as1 and you like it a lot buy as2, but keep in mind that it is't a whole new game.As a conclution the game is a very good world war 2 strategy game with micromanagement.I like to play it with frends.I also think this game is a lot better than company of heroes (2)."
76561198042739239,Not Recommended,244450,24063630,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Veanus,"This is quite literally the copy paste of the previous installment, albeit with a few tweaks here and there, its all the same."
76561198016063720,Recommended,244450,14031149,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Snow,One of the best WW2 RTS games I've played
,Recommended,244450,13818600,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,VforVendetta,Best real time strategy game !!! 10/10For now.1. Men of War: Assault Squad  ( Winner )2. Company of Heroes
,Recommended,244450,14040593,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,=VvV=Tactical_Bacon,"looks like micro-managing hell, but is amazing"
76561198088938358,Recommended,244450,17664824,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Swiggity Swooty,Using the modern mods and editor make a very fun game
76561198192610633,Not Recommended,244450,24031918,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Tarzan Drasting,"i got this game on sale and it doesnt even work. it keeps sayingProgram will be terminatedAPP_ERROR:Cant open pak - resource/map.pak (eZipFileReader.cpp,27)EIP=7475dae8[main_loop]EXA=06b0ee90   EBX=160b8dd0    ECX=0000004EDX=0000000ESI=16371f24     EDI=00000000     ESP=06b0ee90EBP=06b0eee8> core:initproduct_name - v3.250.0 - standardunknownPLEASE HELP"
76561198062398778,Recommended,244450,14231690,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Hillbilly_Llama,> Tried Multiplayer with friend> Tried playing as Germany> Found Match Against Russia> Laughed in pity> Got three Tigers> Laughed at the easy victory approching> Enemy spawns special looking guy> Guy has a flame thrower> Guy Destroys all my tanks with instant kills> Cryed :(> 9/11 Would burn again!
,Recommended,244450,18559461,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,_FunnyKiller_,"makes fun,but not much comunity"
,Recommended,244450,20505148,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Preme,I recommend this game because I think its a great WWII strategy game...definitely would recommend this game
,Recommended,244450,16377571,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,TheMcSalt,I have played many WW2 themed games but this game puts the cherry on the top.
,Recommended,244450,16399076,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,DodgerRoger,"One of the most realistic RTS type games, period."
,Recommended,244450,17524864,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,[Obergruppenführer-ss]XUKEX211X,one of the best RTS games ever
76561198172463550,Recommended,244450,17656000,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,[RWG]SteelersNation18,This seperates the men from the boys. 5 nations slug it out agianst each other. I suggest you get this while on sale.
,Recommended,244450,15809577,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Tzaarikko,If you like WW2 genre and strategy games you will definitely like this! There are some minor bugs but that is not a problem. The game is just AWESOME!
,Recommended,244450,15180326,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,£10 Bag,"PositiveExtreme scale. There's five playable nations and many hundreds of units, vehicles and weapons to utilise. Pretty much everything except some of the Japanese tanks and artillery is historically accurateExtreme detail. The amount of detailed gameplay features makes this game mind-boggling at first, but hugely enjoyable once learntPhysics. Buildings can be destroyed by explosions or crushed by vehicles in spectacular fashion. This system not only looks cool, but it positively affects the gameplay and creates opportunities for new and interesting strategiesGreat blend of micro + macro. Knowledge of unit specifics and good micro-managment skills is crucial, but it's equally important to have a strong overall strategy and field the correct units to begin withGreat co-op. This game is awesome in 2v2 and 3v3. The defense-focused skirmishes against AI are good, but the real fun comes with the online multiplayerMods. There's a map-making SDK available with the game, and many core game files can be unpacked with 7zip and edited in to mods which you can then publish on the Steam Workshop. There's not a lot of documentation readily available but some modders have managed to publish some great workNeutralAbsolutely brutal. This game does not take any prisoners. Troops are fragile and well-placed artillery strikes can wipe out a small army. This is not a casual RTS game - it is intense and ruthlessNegativeUI - the user interface isn't bad itself, but it's a bad fit for the game. In larger battles or multiplayer, learning keyboard shortcuts is crucial. Things like inventory management and troop micro are painful to do without the use of keyboard shortcutsA few strange design decisions. XP can only be earned through co-op skirmishes against the AI, or in ranked matchmaking games. In ranked matches and multiplayer games with default settings, units are locked according to your XP level which results in some seriously unbalanced gameplayVehicle AI struggles at timesDLC model. Digitalmindsoft have added some brilliant new features to the game through free patches but they've also released over-priced DLC with features which should have been in the game to begin with: e.g a replay viewer, a new camera angle and more singleplayer missionsNot really a sequel. For new players this isn't an issue, you should still buy this game. For anyone who owns the first Assault Squad, this could've been DLC or a free patchMen of War: Assault Squad 2 can be frustrating in many ways, but it's positive aspects more than make up for it. If you have an interest in WW2 history and love complex RTS games then you'll enjoy this game a lot."
76561198129196054,Recommended,244450,12951156,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,xXShOOtYXx,"The game is really good and really fun, especially playing with friends. But the downside is you have to have a really good pc , i have 8 gb ram and gtx 770 grafixs card and on lowest quality which makes game look bad and hard to play , it makes the game only run good in single player. running 2v2 is good , but 3v3 muiltiplayer it gets laggy, and 4v4 not able to playall lowest grafix,  my pc less than 2 mounths old"
,Recommended,244450,18220522,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,boy boy,"This game is a great take on a WW2 RTS, the only problems I could see we're, that it'll take a while to get used to the extreme micromanaging in this game and for new players it may not be so appealing at first. Still a great game to play with friends or singleplayer.I rate it 7/10"
76561198032945533,Recommended,244450,14555852,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,michael223344,"The Men of War Series of games are perfectly detailed and act inacordance with real life. Having owned both Men of War and Men of War Assault Squard I felt as though Men of war Assult Squard 2 had not developed enough when compared to Men of War Assult Squard 1 . In saying this I strongly believe that if you have never owned the first Assult Squard game then please do go ahead and buy this game however if you have been playing the men of war series of games then this may be a waste of money for you in the long term, as I found it hard to play the game anymore then  about 60 hours before becoming bored with it, which is not in my nature at all to do."
76561198164925278,Recommended,244450,17706212,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Edgar Calavera,Very nice game !!
76561198262248529,Recommended,244450,24992913,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Powman5703,A very good and solid game but i wish that the skirmish mode wasn't DLC.
76561198044889868,Recommended,244450,18396626,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,GermanWW2,"Very good game, at least that is how I remember it, it is enjoyable as long as you like the series as a whole.This particular game brings a lot of engine improvements so things look more pretty-a small downside tough, is that infantry models dont look as good as Condemned Heroes but you get seasonal camo instead so I guess it kinda balances it out.There is 1 rather obvious flaw, that is the multiplayer aspect of the game, from time to time, you or players from the match can and will get OOS(Out of sinc), at the moment there is somewhat of a hotfix implemented which maxes the game playable but does not remove OOS completly, something which I think will happen in the future as the game still gets updates.Nice game if you kow what you are doing and can resist some of it's quirks till they get fixed."
76561198132760273,Recommended,244450,15080070,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Fascist Waffles,Best men of war game to date and this is just Vanilla cant wait for mods!
,Recommended,244450,18325976,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Its_Andrej,ULTIMATE STRATEGY GAME
76561198202226252,Not Recommended,244450,17902145,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,txhosaka,"Wonderfull game, stop looking at negetive reviews and just play it!"
76561198137535078,Not Recommended,244450,22770846,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,coachflexen,game would be outstanding if it actually worked....   in single player it is impossible to get through missions cause it crashes...   everytime i try to save or load a game that i was actually able to save it crashes....   very frustrating...
76561198046689979,Not Recommended,244450,22180874,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Lord Xeria,Extremly ♥♥♥♥ing annoying i like world war two and i'm waiting for some mods to come out later this year on it so i bought the game and i noticed i couldent play skimrish so i googled it i dont know if this is true or not but some people said i need to buy dlc for it which would be ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ storyline in games like this is super boring and pointless skimrish and like conquest gamemodes is all the fun i'm not going to fork out another $10 to ♥♥♥♥ing play skimrish they just want my money.
76561198126399816,Not Recommended,244450,29573533,Posted: 29 January,all,Waffles,"Really looks good in videos and on youtube videos, but you need to purchase DLC in order to have fun."
,Recommended,244450,16759197,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Arma29,great game
,Not Recommended,244450,22510835,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Ka$heK ✌,"I have refunded this game cuz it's same like MoW: AS 1 , only few new things...."
76561198022514008,Not Recommended,244450,29800067,Posted: 9 February,all,Blastom,"I tried to love this game as it's really exicting to play.But the failure of skirmish ai just cut off all the fun.The bots always stopped spawning unit in skirmishes. Sometimes, this happend after 10 or more minutes; sometimes, they didn't spawn anything from the very beginning. From what I could remember, there's no one game that the ai didn't stop spawning. I checked the report, everytime, the bots stopped calling new unit several minutes before the game end.I'm quit sad about this as the game was really good for skirmish gameplay."
76561198156634666,Recommended,244450,25192126,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,The Kaiser,"I think this game is the best ww2 rts on the market! great battles, great mods, great everything!"
76561198212465699,Not Recommended,244450,25365979,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,gamerguy166,it was fun at the startbut my game dosen't work i just can't recomend i tried to fix it and nothing changed0/10 gg
,Not Recommended,244450,15120316,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Seraph,"Oh look, a graphics update for Men of War: Assault Squad is out! ... and published as a completely separate game."
76561197973149646,Recommended,244450,15202164,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,garyp156,"I bought this when it was a free weekend.  If you liked the first one, and I did, then this is almost the same game.  As far as I can tell, the graphics are better, and the UI had some updates.  There are a few more maps to play too.The editor has had some updates too, but the main reason I got it was because you how have steam support.  It was worth a few dollars to me to have multi player games available in steam and have the steam workshop.I'm having fun with the game editor all over again, but wait until it's on sale.Would I recomend the game?  Yes, it's still a great game."
,Recommended,244450,22249097,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Red Danger [FIN],I dont know what to write
,Not Recommended,244450,28980650,Posted: 3 January,all,Balph,Couldn't play A.I. versus My♥♥♥♥
76561198313942832,Not Recommended,244450,28926929,Posted: 1 January,all,fominter,The units were stuck amid the map without apparent reason and I had to baby-sit each squad in order to make them move again. I was focusing more on fighting the game's defects/bugs rather than on implementation of my own strategy.
,Recommended,244450,22751849,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,smallstreetnews,Friggin great!!Best WW2 game ive ever seen in the history of the 15 years ive been on this earth!!
,Recommended,244450,23103098,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Dan S189,Trying to get as many achievemtns without spending 1000's of hours getting them
,Recommended,244450,23048723,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Crustacean,"Perfect Strategy Game! Can create epic scenarios and play all night fighting for Germany defending the Rhine River with my vetern Tiger tank. can use my Stin stronk KV-2 to defend motherland! Great, no, PERFECT GAME!!!"
76561198263815139,Not Recommended,244450,23922465,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,compton226,what do i do if my maps keep crashing map-pak
,Not Recommended,244450,25443851,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,spongo john,it dosent want to start
76561198128367347,Recommended,244450,17460322,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Vladimar Lenin,"Very fun, played during the free weekend. Will soon buy.Pretty much, your in control of a small miltary force, you then must fight to take control of capture points and such.Really fun when your moving your small squad in a flanking manuver and they get slaughtered by the machine gun you didnt notice.One time, in a epic battle, i had my 2 of the most powerfull tanks (and some of the best in the game i think) charge the enemy, and there tracks were both destroyed.No other reinforcements could reach them, so alone, they took out over 20 enemy tanks. Eventually i got a squad to them, the squad managed to repair one but the other was destroyed, killing all but one solider, I then had the last man help man the tank, and drove to base. Only to have that tank finally get detroyedEnd battle:I had 1 man left, no reinforcements(all dead), the enemy had 1 tank. My soldier had no Anti-Tank genades, and the nearest body was in the open, where the tank would shoot me, I ran for cover in a building, where there was a dead solider, i looted him and got a gernade.I then charged the tank and threw it, right as the tank opened fire.My solider managed to survive :)10/10 Most epic battle ever 2015"
76561197991558514,Recommended,244450,17333838,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,dssorc68,great game
76561198169253670,Recommended,244450,34060253,Posted: 6 August,all,Lt. Worakamon,"Can you fix american squad leader helmet? he has Lieutenant helmet with chevron patch on his sleeve. That's unrealistic. For the other forces I'm not so sure about uniform.Another thing is can we set time period of the battle? Since some technology didn't developed in the early stage of the war and when it's showed up that's look unrealistic.Other than that. Can I request more cool maps on multiplayer like Burma, Khalkhin gol, Manchuria, Omaha beach and Berlin!!Thank you!!"
76561198038132122,Recommended,244450,34656836,Posted: 1 September,all,ForestWolf,"Notice: my steam playtime does not represent total time spent in this game.Rating: good (7/10)IntroductionMen of War: Assault Squad 2 is a real time strategy ""Blitzkrieg"" type of game, where you get limited amount of troops to finish the mission. Since you do not have the ability to build a base like in most other strategies, Men of War provides some challenge at higher difficulty settings if you try to finish it quick.Gameplay & Story: 6/10The story is based on 2nd World War events where you try to fulfill different objectives to gain some advantage for your fighting side. The campaign is seperated by single missions that do not have any connection to each other, besides some story description. The story is supported by some details about the events that supposed to have occured during WW2. The gameplay consists of only managing your squads and units that you receive to finish the mission, alongside using some special functions like air or mortar strikes, that fulfill your weaponary.Combat & Challenge : 7/10The combat itself is simple but some missions require micro-management to use your units in most effective ways. There are some different types of equiptment that units can use, so adjusting to different objectives and situations helps with progression. If taken slowly, the game does not offer much challenge since you can always re-draw units, heal them up and re-capture strategically important positions or simply camp for more points to produce a real huge army that simply rolls over the enemy. At higher difficulties howerever, the amount of units the enemy throws at you gets challenging so you have to micro-manage your units even better to not let them die in vain.Graphic & Interface : 7/10The graphic and effects are far more enjoyable than in most Blitzkrieg games, especially compared to the older Men of War titles. The interface has been adjusted for the better aswell and you can modify some of the UI for better squad management. Most of the actions provided are still somewhat needless, but since you can simply move them out of the center of the UI, they do not disturb that much like in previous Men of War titles.Progress & Mini-Games : 6/10The whole progress of the game is still done by slowly fulfilling the objective inside single missions, but it feels satisfying in Assault Squad to finally move few meters on the map. The battles are packed with some action, the town and other surroundings do look destroyed and impacted by the fire fights, so the progress inside single missions feels good.Audio & Immersion : 7/10The audio gives a nice feedback during the battles where the biggest fire fights happen, where the heavy weapons and tanks are placed. The music provided a nice background sound without being too intrusive. The immersion during the missions was definetely on a high level in Assault Squad due to combination of visual feedback from the battles aswell audio feedback from the gun fights happening mostly on multiple places at same time.Side-NotesThis game is single player only.This game contains steam achievements.This game offers mediocre replayability if you want to try same missions at higher difficulty later.This game is often sold in bundles or being discounted.SummaryMen of War: Assault Squad 2 is an enjoyable blitzkrieg type RTS game and will most likely gather your attention for at least few missions. It is quite fun to fight in each single mission since the environments do change a lot and you get to destroy some towns and farm along your WW2 progress. I would recommend higher difficulty settings for some challenge since else you roll over enemies rather quick.I hope this review helps you making the decision if its worth buying this game. Rate and leave a comment if you enjoyed reading it.~ForestWolf"
76561198241772002,Recommended,244450,20769744,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,KonigJager,If you enjoy strategy games and and the second world war and are ok with a pretty big learning curve then this game is for you
,Recommended,244450,18173591,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Wildow the Walrus,"The average game contains more (artillery) shells than a beach, and I hear those have a lot of shells, not that I would know from the window of my Mum's Basement.10/10 would tell my men to man tractors again."
76561198165275973,Recommended,244450,19376616,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,direktor,"I`m simply overwhelmed with emotions when i`ve started to play this game, whom ever liked sudden strike and blitzkrieg series this game will be everything you`ve wished for. Clean game does not give much but in the mods selection you can find amazing things to play with. Good balance between strategy and real time. Good graphics. I would recommend this game specialy on sale it is a must have title."
,Recommended,244450,16817458,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Chinesebagelkid,Just Get The Damn Game........
76561198063950141,Not Recommended,244450,16058235,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,gunnergame123,They copied every level of the 1st game and said it was a new game. pathetic
76561198023646117,Not Recommended,244450,28732937,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,channel12shadow,"Good game, great graphix and game play, on easy setting. Anything over that and the game becomes unrealisticaly hard and nothing but frustrating. YOur units sit and don't fight back. Tanks will target infantry and let enemy armor blow them to pieces. AI has range that half the time you never even see what is shooting at you. Any time you advance with armor, good chance you are going to get blown away before they get off a shot."
,Not Recommended,244450,24265163,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,MillWolf,"I do  not rec. this game. I get yesturday and already ran into problems. So I just spent 30$ For a game to enjoy for 1 hour and have it break down. This is Stupid. (I want a Refund.)Other that that, That game is quite good 'til It breaks... gameplay, Graphics, And Units Are Pretty good."
76561198084516588,Recommended,244450,22786128,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Canadian Knight,"If this game were a cookie, it would be a good cookie."
,Not Recommended,244450,19538579,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Garth Brooks,looks like a gay men of war 0/10
,Not Recommended,244450,14604584,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Seifer Firehart,"Copy paste of Assault Squad. Units, maps etc. All the difference is a shader or two improved and interface elements.But I'm really tired of all the crap this game throws at you. AI is brainless, if you won't controll the unit yourself it's gonna fail in everything. Staring at enemies at one meter from them, running into enemy fire, turning sideways (tanks) while under enemy fire... Too much to write about. If AI would be working I would rate it 7/10... but all I can give is 3/10."
76561198008429407,Recommended,244450,15193498,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Mitch,Like the gameplay alot. Only the tanks are not always fireing thats too bad.
,Recommended,244450,12957074,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,ʳᵘʰDonut,"billy may may loves it, only if it was $19.95."
,Recommended,244450,18166546,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Kilian,Fun
76561197977211401,Not Recommended,244450,28880301,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,HerderButterFesterStranger,"Apart from the clunky as hell UI, this game really seems to be decent quality.Unfortunately, let me describe the first level of this game to you.You walk a group of people up a corridor.  You gradually encounter slightly heavier enemies.  You disable but repair every enemy vehicle you see so that you can use it yourself.  You walk to the end of the corridor, it is now your ""field HQ"".  You will at this point have 1 Sherman, 3 Matildas, 1 daimler armoured car, 1 Pz I, 1 Stug, 1 Ostwind, and about 40 assorted infantry.You get assaulted by at least 2 Marder III, 2 PzII, 4 PzIII, 2 Stug III, 3 Pz V, 2 Tiger Is, assorted halftracks and maybe 100+ assorted infantry.Everything you have dies prettymuch as soon as it is shot at (Tigers so no surprise really).  Basically the game at that point comes down to crossing your fingers and hoping the bizzare damage system lets your tanks survive a shot.I take it from this that the campaign mode isnt the reason why you should buy this game, but I am not much of a modder type so.  Ah well."
76561198236953296,Not Recommended,244450,19496758,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,MZGamer,works for 1 hour then stops working dumb game
76561198134653308,Recommended,244450,24764378,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Erwin Rommel,"Love the game, as a bit of a WW2 nerd this game proposes an intense, (mostly) realistic, top down rts. Unlike it's predacessor, this game allows internet games, not just LAN (but LAN is supported!). Offering tons of new units and maps it is a must for people who enjoy Supcom and DOTA. Also, some friendly advice, before starting a multiplayer game make sure you have a stable internet connection and about an hour and a half, there's no saving option for online games! 9/10"
76561198065886723,Recommended,244450,25933515,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Mason,its cool
76561198272970797,Recommended,244450,20245828,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,NaNa30005,"i have almost 300 hours in this game i love it, i live it, it is mine i am part of this game! come and play with me if you git the chance"
,Recommended,244450,15105256,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Jaydan Y.,An Amazing Game could play with it all day and I play this game for Roleplay Features and I love the Hold Fire Feature just one little thing added makes it Amazing :D
76561198027579306,Recommended,244450,25137855,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,legoman775,"This is a really good WWII game but it suffers from random crashes, graphical glitches, random connection loss ect. but dont let that discourage you from getting this game if its on sale buy it you wont be disapointed if you do. But be aware that if you play multiplayer it is VERY VERY punishing to new players of the men of war series and generally the high ranks will destroy you a lot but if you learn from them by loseing you can end up being better than them (mabey) check those corners and good luck commander, and remember ""we, will be watching"""
76561198226844964,Recommended,244450,25129986,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,renewoolford1997,I cannot put up with the amount of issuses this game has im having one atm that has stopped all audio and anything that has writing that pops up in the game is multi coloured cant read it to even know what your clicking on refund or help me fix it cuz i have reported this like 10 times and no one gets back to me once
76561198041163861,Recommended,244450,16482902,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,June Sun,Love it!
76561198155055190,Recommended,244450,24713689,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Red_Smoke,it doesnt work for me it says this everytime i try open it. i need to play it i miss it soo muchprogram will be terminatedAPP_ERROR:Can't open pak resource/map_dlc_2.pak
76561198096210288,Recommended,244450,17993302,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Imperial,"Absolutely Love this game!Unit mechanics are the worst ever designed and the person who made them needs to die a horrible death, other than infantry mechanics once you get a hold of the game, its very cool! Definitly recommend!!!"
76561198359315739,Recommended,244450,29659757,Posted: 2 February,all,lilafro.98,Cool
,Recommended,244450,31082754,Posted: 11 April,all,NapalmSticksToKids,"Sent 2 squads on a suicidal ""Ura!"" charge and wasted all of my points.10/10."
,Recommended,244450,19751850,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Tacos,"It's 90% the same has men of war: assault squad the only thing is that you have all the maps, more units and the workshop with great mods.9.9/10 No game is perfect."
,Recommended,244450,14832728,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Panzergrenadier,I STILL CAN'T UNDERSTAND HOW PEOPLE DOES NOT PLAY THIS GAME! IT'S JUST INCREDIBLE.
76561198027264499,Recommended,244450,15695520,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Stickles,awesome
76561198062417610,Recommended,244450,16096883,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,kolndomplatz,exellent  game
76561198032942475,Recommended,244450,13051911,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,AppleSkies,"Great game, Can't wait for more updates!"
76561198031071181,Recommended,244450,14362265,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Yiffbot 4000,"Game is pretty great. If you liked AS one, and you see this on sale for cheap (I myself got it for 10 bucks) then nab it. If you haven't played the first, don't bother! They're practically the same game! Just buy this one and yell at the screen that they blocked an achievement behind the Digital Deluxe edition. 8/8"
76561198170012273,Recommended,244450,16097641,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,BigTdog27,it is so good
,Recommended,244450,16127094,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Hugo Stiglitz,"I honestly love this game. Not to sound like a hipster, but it truly is underrated in the sense that it is a fantastic WWII strategy game. The modding community is strong, with them ranging from unlimited points in campaign, high detailed co-op and multiplayer maps. WARNING: this game can and will get very dull without mods. For (high quality) mods, I recommend DJSatane, Vashyo, and SirHinkel for extra missions ranging from the beaches of Normandy to the three stages of Stalingrad. 15.786/9.9 would sacrifice 200 Russian Conscripts for one objective like a true Comrade again"
76561198091631793,Recommended,244450,17833399,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Randalf,This game is amazing! Never playing Company of Heroes again!
,Recommended,244450,15694544,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Kal,"Super in-depth, super detailed, super good. Not only can you steal enemy vehicles and guns, you can steal those vehicles' supplies and use them yourself, and then ASSUME DIRECT CONTROL with E and turn the game into a third-person shooter. You can control the inventory of individual infantry down to their damn hats and the bullets in their gun. The environments are almost entirely destructable to a striking degree of detail, which leads to awesome moments like when the bomber you call in for an airstrike is shot down by enemy forces (Yes, you can do that too) and it crashes into a house and knocks it to pieces.The only two complaints that I have about this game are that you can't commandeer everything on the field (Battleships, a German artillery piece in one or two missions, some boats, etc), and that it's far too similar to the original MOWAS - most of the missions are just ported from the older game, and there are very few engine differences - it makes buying the older game feel like a waste of money. I suppose this could stem from the fact that they're all taken from real battles that faction actually won, but I think the base game could stand to have a little more replay value. Still, though, given how much fun it is to play the missions that are there, it doesn't hurt the game much."
76561198134003341,Recommended,244450,16087911,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Toxic Vector,most destructive game ever its awesome!
,Recommended,244450,19899090,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Admiral Asbestos,me spent too much tiem on dis game but miet be worth it u no
,Recommended,244450,17213392,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,xxxtarnation,goob gam has tank
76561198083712164,Not Recommended,244450,25290627,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Alv,can't start itone day it stopped workingi want my money back
76561198134831417,Recommended,244450,17055452,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,ahcwestend,"Games definitely enjoyable but there are a few problems to go with the fun. The path finding can sometimes be horrific and ruin the game game for you. Terrain can sometimes glitch and throw your vechiles in the air, you have to baby sit all units cause they will run into fire for no apparent reason. Also it can be very annoying when you enemy cna direct control a unit and go rambo from a distance with a cannon.I play mostly well thought out RTS's like total war and company/warhammer so these problems can really ruin the experience for me plus dont get starting with desyn errors in the middle of a game.but overall the game can be fun just depends on what games you like."
76561198207046492,Recommended,244450,24761953,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,sgdl51,its a good game but sometimes i cant get on it.
76561198022482458,Recommended,244450,24784769,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,hurlman99,why is the game all the sudden not working?
76561198170472785,Recommended,244450,24965649,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,VikingKing,out of every ww2 game ive played this is by far the best :)
76561198199479573,Recommended,244450,34867936,Posted: 10 September,all,StahlFaust,"really cool game all in all, but it really sucks that you have to buy a dlc to play skirmish an multiplayer bots :("
,Recommended,244450,33035454,Posted: 30 June,all,Jack1,i made this review for the sticker pack :)
76561197983492527,Recommended,244450,15126105,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Tigerlily,I can't ♥♥♥♥ing believe I paid full price for this and not 2 weeks later its 75% off. ♥♥♥♥ you steam ♥♥♥♥ you!
,Recommended,244450,13785394,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,F L E S H P R I S M,"First off, I love the mow series, the first game, assault squad, vietnam, all of them.Alot of people say this is the exact same game as as1, and really, it is pretty much the same, but many game mechanics were changed, which is good.  They took some really important features out of this game, but they added good mod support, to correct these problems.  I like this game, but it is really similar to as1 with not enough differences, which I dont like, I really only recommend this game if you havent played as1, or are new to the series.And with the maps, there are VERY good new maps which I absolutely adore, but in some of them, I realized there is no versatility, no game-changing things, and it gets almost robotic, for example, im USA facing Japan, the enemy player sends a kamikazi, sneaks through all of my lines, and then takes out my sherman jumbo.  Im spooked, and then reinforce my lines and everything, but within that few seconds of attempting to strengthen my lines, the enemy player attacks with elite infantry and light tanks, which I cant counter because of my jumbo gone, and I lose the game because of one kamikazi.  I just dont see that anymore in as2, atleast, not often enough, and that a major flaw in this game for me, making me at times really frustrated."
,Recommended,244450,13854462,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Tomcouger,"I can safely say the origanaly that this game upon release was nothing much more than a rehashing of the first assault squad,hovwever as of currentaly the devs have been updating and attempting to optamize the fairly unstable engine, and add more mechanics into the game like more options for hosting game lobbys allowing to hand craft your desierd way the game will be played. The last big change I have heard of so far is the ranking system of which will further boost the importence of keeping soldiers alive and give each soldier a more specific role. Overall I would recommend as of currentaly around 15% off but in the future at full price if additions to the game continue and optimization continues to progress on the game."
,Recommended,244450,13837268,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,cranberrykitty,"An amazing game. Runs perfectly smooth on singleplayer, but multiplayer is poorly optimized for some pcs. All around a great game, but needs work done on multiplayer. 8/10"
,Recommended,244450,13834463,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Kinghar,Love the first one of this game and I'm now loving the second one
,Not Recommended,244450,25209178,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Shawked,"As soon as I saw the main menu, I knew I was in for a treat... The game's presentation and gameplay is just so bleh imo."
76561198013001783,Recommended,244450,16288213,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,LegitRob95,"One of the best MoW games, played this a lot."
76561198038537363,Recommended,244450,17706670,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Cuck Norris,AWESOME
,Recommended,244450,17735343,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Jew Guy,Buy it while its cheap!
76561198095506695,Recommended,244450,17735650,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Sgt.Fisher,2 Hours in havent played enough to say much so far LOVING IT !!
,Recommended,244450,17735890,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,!Cr.Mags,One of the best tactical strategy games I've ever played. Brings back nostalgia from Soldiers: Heroes of WW2.
,Recommended,244450,15110002,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Snarlack™,"Well I hated this game for 4 hours and 14 mins!!!! yeah this was the time it downloaded when i was on holiday XD haha. Nawh this game is the shizzle, i got bored of it last year waited 2 weeks then looked in the downloads list of about 20 and their was MOF:AS2 i was unhappy at the fact of another update but it added everything i needed to be convinced to play this agian :DThe newest update (the one with the DLC) OMG new everything Constant workshop things which add new maps (user created) and attack maps... but i cannot type the rest of this Review as my men or all dying due to the Tiger tanks running them over ;)100/10 would shoot a German/Russian/british/American/Japanese/Chinese man agian"
76561198024281426,Recommended,244450,18314054,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,simon,IT IS A GO GAMES
,Recommended,244450,20057365,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Rudinski,"in my opinion the most realistic ww2 strategy game,also theres a lot of mod which make this game always fun to play"
76561198134792930,Recommended,244450,19837613,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,kstanley01,"The game is very fun.  The graphics are pretty decent and you can see substantially further on the map as compared to Company of Heroes 2.  It takes awhile to learn the game and get proficient at it, but it is worth the time.Items that could be improved include:-The AT grenades are far too overpowered.  They tend to do more damage to tanks than AT guns and other tanks.  An AT grenade in this game can destroy a heavy tank after the tank has taken numerous shots from AT guns or other tanks.  It is frustrating to lose a tank to an AT grenade in this game.  Not to mention that it is very unrealistic that standard infantry carry around heavy AT grenades and are able to run through fields and throw them onto a tank without getting mowed down first.  It is one thing to have a special unit that carries AT grenades but this game puts them on standard infantry.  That part is pretty ridiculous but the rest of the game is quite good.-Wish there were more players playing multiplayer.  Sometimes it takes awhile to get a game going.-The AT guns appear to be quite underpowered.  A tank can generally shoot accross the field and take out the AT gun while the AT gun is shooting the tank.  This is a minor issue as you can avoid it by ordering tanks and other items rather than AT guns."
76561198077896742,Recommended,244450,18450144,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,TheMontyVibe,very good ecspicly with the star wars mod
,Recommended,244450,18464657,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,portal.daemon,o.k
76561198293208452,Not Recommended,244450,24303631,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,ldaivu,it won't let me play the editor after a month
,Recommended,244450,16124575,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,JoHo,-Got to get mod that let me play as France-Actually got to kill Germans and not surrender-Got screwed over by a Panzershreck-This game is fun10/10
76561198031941431,Recommended,244450,15506253,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,(LOST)DeadlyLuke,this is a great game
,Not Recommended,244450,15164324,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,SureWhyNot,"This game has great depth and provides a satisfying challenge, but it is plagued by instability. (CTDs and DCs) Multiplayer skirmish games routinely last over an hour and a half, giving plently of time for these game-ending issues to crop up while making them all the more frustrating.As of April of 2015:- You can NOT rejoin a multiplayer game if you crash or lose connection- You can NOT save a multiplayer game in progress"
,Not Recommended,244450,15165058,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,DDS95555,"They have been making the same game for years and somehow still making a profit. WTF! If you want a Men of War game in your libary get just solid Men of War. Its a good game, gas good missions and more mods."
76561198189613914,Not Recommended,244450,15288094,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,lukegroben,I uninstalled it after 10 minutes. I expected better graphics for that price. Game lacked fluidity and lost interest.
76561197965769436,Not Recommended,244450,14464420,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,zarhadom,"Really cool game! But the manual resuply ruins it for me..I HATE nedless micro (Why not autoresply when you stand next to ammotruck/crate?)To bad, otherwise the game seems really fun :/"
,Recommended,244450,19047037,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,TNDKing,"Awsome gane ovverall, but cant play to to much of it and i would play it more often but every mod says [Needs Diffrent Version] And i dont know how to downgrade mine."
76561198213525033,Recommended,244450,21170428,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Don't judge a book by it's cover,It's fun WITH MODS!!!!
76561198155603125,Recommended,244450,20942609,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,☭Marty𓅃,"This has become probably one of my most favorite games of all time. It is a truly immersive, and exciting rts, with an amazing community and editor, you can customize all your own missions and mods, or use the hundreds of mods made by the community. Literally never ending fun. Plus the multiplayers also fun."
76561198184212665,Recommended,244450,15894820,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,cheburashka307,"great game, need more optimisation"
76561198119333828,Recommended,244450,15935615,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Sad Doggo,"this game WAS pretty amazing,but now it won't load some bullet/amunition texture"
76561198142257348,Recommended,244450,16002210,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,master1673,awesome
76561198154944939,Recommended,244450,16033371,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,supercing777,"If you like RTS Games, You will like this Game"
,Recommended,244450,16078723,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Sun Boi,I got to play it a little because i only played it when it was free 2 months ago.But this game is a strategy game you need to buy.Other than the controls could take time to get used to it is still a grand graphical game.So all in all i give this game a 10/10Its Epic!P.S: Go buy it!
,Recommended,244450,16080773,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,phanosd,"I would definetely appreciate a good scenario mission, based on historical people. Just like the original great game"
76561198053931122,Recommended,244450,16143986,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Golden,very fun and love the small details it has
76561198129144736,Recommended,244450,17131091,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,RextheShermanator,Very good game and lots of geat mods
76561198047510009,Recommended,244450,17197954,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,VISIBLE CARNAGE,great game one of the best ww2 style rts out there easily mods are very cool too for this game definatly recomend if you like any strategy game
76561198114435704,Recommended,244450,17292310,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,BUSTER,love it
76561198102445673,Recommended,244450,17358545,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,SEALSniper unit,9/10 Great game just needs a little love.
76561198137318114,Recommended,244450,17489127,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Mad_Dog AKA Andys,LOVE it can't stop playing the game 10/10
76561198197587342,Recommended,244450,24977507,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Nash_KenzA93,seriously ! this is amazing ! i never think this game exist in my life
,Recommended,244450,23392636,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,truthwarrior,Great RTS game set in historical 1940s. Each solider can be controlled with their own ammo concerns and weapon needs… but if you don’t want to micromanage that much you can control them as units. Hard to explain but the game is extremely fun. I would highly recommend it if you are into RTS or WWII.
76561198044455961,Not Recommended,244450,18558428,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,BabyPunter,I can no longer recommend this game to anyone. I have spent hours and hours on this game and unfortunately the current updates have made the game unplayable. I can't even start the game without it crashing. Maybe in the future if the devs fix what is broken I can recommend this game but for right now stay away. Stay far away.
,Not Recommended,244450,21141513,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,TAZ,"The game is great, Ive seen videos on it by baron so i bought it when it was on sale. But thing is WINDOWS 10 IS♥♥♥♥♥♥ This game doesnt work on my PC that has been updated with it but it works with my laptop that has windows 10 pre installed. Thing is dont waste money you cant play because thE OS is garbage. Ive tried everything on the steamcommunity told me and nothing worked. DONT WASTE MONEY ON A GAME YOU CANT PLAY."
76561198130661452,Recommended,244450,28548783,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,☢β̲̅Ø̲̅Μ̲̅β̲̅Ş ̲̅Δ̲̅Ŵ̲̅Δ̲̅¥̲̅☢,"I love rts games so far this one is my favorite, I highly recommend getting men of war Assault squad 2"
76561198007215808,Recommended,244450,14543210,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,wilky8771,great game hope add on's and missons get added would totally recommend the game.
76561198023433918,Recommended,244450,15617679,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,TheGreatBean,"Awesome game, focuses on the world wars era."
76561198140277813,Recommended,244450,15715415,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,DaNi_Airborne,"Great game i have played it when it was for a weekend free, the graphics are great. 10/10"
76561198123285751,Recommended,244450,25353062,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Spartan B-312,"I would give this game a 5/5 in my own opinion becayse of its realistic feel and gameplay where your men can run out of ammo and you have to repair vehicles. the campaign is fun, but also difficult."
,Not Recommended,244450,24915365,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,tom++,"Don't buy it - no more support and the game is crashing immediately on every try to save the game.Exception: APP_ERROR: Resource xxx.jpg is not a valid supported image (eBitmapImageSrd.cpp, 95)This explains the problems: there are 1'241 messages about game crashing problems: :-[http://steamcommunity.com/app/244450/discussions/0/540741131766307094/?tscn=1401436133#c522728730183648827"
76561198103841423,Recommended,244450,28591643,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Aleksandra,If you like game strategicgood game:))
,Recommended,244450,28559224,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Jacko,Very good game and extremely adicting but for beginners it is a bit hard
76561198079868052,Not Recommended,244450,25612474,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Combat998877,"Please don't waste you money on this game. AI is a load of♥♥♥♥♥♥ The missions are just repeats of take this flag or recover this tank. Unless you want the multiplayer which isn't great anyway, don't buy. There are plenty of better games if you want a fun SP and MP WW2 RTS."
76561198272381796,Not Recommended,244450,23996272,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,paul.partridge,every time i go to load it it just stays black
,Recommended,244450,28491988,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Aquila Iovis,I got what I was promised to receive by the gameplay trailers. I am absolutely satisfied with this product.
76561198256772798,Recommended,244450,28455843,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,sulsa2,This game is historical and awesome!
,Recommended,244450,25364950,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,LukeSkyrata,"Men of War is an amazing game. While not terribly similar to a conventional rts, this is what makes the game unique and interesting. Instead of researching technologies or building barracks, Men of War allows you to get reinforcements through ""mp"", which is steadily gained no moatter what. The rate can be improved by capturing ""strategic points"" which are usually marked by a flag. This will show the controlling team's flag as well. Soldiers then run from outside the battlefield into a team's spawn, and then you have reinforcements. Likewise, actual gameplay mechanics diverge from standard rts. The focus moves away from the types of units used and towards what you actually do with them. For example, you can move units into cover and buildings, allowing them to gain protection in certain directions respective to where you put them. Medics can also revive fallen units for a certain time, although (and correct me if I'm wrong) I believe there is a certain number of times a medic can revive a soldier before the soldier stays dead. The game plays like a shooter, except that instead of controlling one soldier you control an army, if that makes sense. I love it, and it is a refreshing break from the standard rts model and its various spinoffs."
,Recommended,244450,25378764,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,SaviorOfTheGoal,"Very good game, i enjoy it so muchthere is only one problem with onlinethat you can get kicked.i was playing 2vs2 and i was dominating my sidethe host ( the enemy) was sick of it and kicked memake it a vote kick and 75% have to vote yesthen this game will be perfect"
76561198111302405,Not Recommended,244450,18633718,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Gilad Pellaeon,the devs probably thought of selling the exact same game just for the workshop rather than just put a good campaign and more new skirmish maps and countries like italy or france. 0/10 they want our money
76561198232880920,Not Recommended,244450,22107831,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,atomlinson22,bought game..doesnt even load
76561198161508400,Recommended,244450,21090337,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,öats,GREAT GAME!
,Not Recommended,244450,17786685,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Comrade Commissar Al-Beenz,"It Won't even Start because of some crap saying Crap about Desync, and when I Start up Skirmish, It Gives Me A Pop up with Lines Of Coding then I Click ok then my Game crashes! Like, What the Hell!?"
76561198023814448,Recommended,244450,18881211,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,noyning,having problems with the mods but thats because im bad at moding and or i have a bad pc. but other than that its a very fun game. i couldnt wait ot play it when i got it
,Recommended,244450,22284930,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Nova,This is an amazing game and I look forward to the next install me of men of war.
76561198066913646,Recommended,244450,17895421,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,SvadenBANNNANANANA,"Well its kinda good, i don´t want to over rate it but its worth the money."
,Not Recommended,244450,24871576,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,[IFN]Mudkip_Team[MOD],"Listen, I saw people playing this game on youtube, so being the young child I am, I downloaded it.  However once the download finished, and I lanched the game.  What happened after made me regret ever buying the game.  I got a black screen....but I could hear the game music in the back round, and I saw the custom curser, and I could even move it.  The game was not crashing and it was responding.  After word I had to kill the task to close the screen.  I tried changing the version, unistaling then reinstaling the game, and even looked at the forms for help, but nothing is working.  My computer is farily new, so it should not have a problem taking care of the game.  Please some one help me because I like how the game looked on youtube, and want to play it my self, or is tere a way to get my money back.  Thanks for reading my really long Message.:steamsad:"
76561198325120499,Not Recommended,244450,24965503,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,fcbruckner,I cannot get the game to work and an error keeps popping up.
76561198255760866,Not Recommended,244450,24957529,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,alex56scout,the game would not load after my second time playing
76561198089193873,Recommended,244450,15921506,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,STRAYA,I got free time on this game It is a must get just buy it
76561198053819997,Recommended,244450,15946016,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,The Kaiser Is Wiser,"Good game, but it really needs a better single player experience.Multiplayer is fun, but the community has its issues with people like me (I don't have a very good PC, so I don't load in too quickly) and the game is lacking a good single player experience. Company of heroes had the single player skirmish mode, where any map you had, you could play against AI. Why not this one? Every other aspect is astronomically better, but that one crucial thing is missing in its entirety."
,Recommended,244450,16135427,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,RC.,Good game to play with your mates :)
76561198031604673,Recommended,244450,16263715,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Walrus,AWESOME
76561198154375096,Recommended,244450,17109994,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,✠Shatter,"this is the best strategic ww2 game i have ever played. now, if you want to purchase this game and play it you have to know this :Positive :+ nice graphic+ intense music+ a lot of different mods+ it is co-op and multiplayer+ detailed map+♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of different vehicles+ different maps+ you can actually done everything with your soldiers and vehicles+ realistic combats+ and more and more ...Negative things :- a lot of kids ( noobs ) play this game ( when they are losing, they imidiately discconect from server XD)- there are some glitchesWell i love it and you will not regret anything if you buy it and play it :D"
,Recommended,244450,14015207,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,I WAS A MISTAKE,good RTS
,Recommended,244450,15628935,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Kainoa83,One of the funnest games i have at my fingertips. This game includes realistic units from the 2nd world war and can have some really epic moments. And when playing certain missions you really need to use tactics to break the enemy. Although i want bots in multiplayer so i can practice and not have to get destroyed in multiplayer.
76561198127444974,Recommended,244450,15733416,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,SeekNDstroy,"This is a fun came but i think they could add more variety of games because right now its just defend attack deffend attack, kill the snipers and mg nests quietly and then attack."
76561198012054603,Recommended,244450,17122107,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,DamoEvil,Surface pro 3 i5runs reasonably well without all the graphics settings on low ;)bonus
,Recommended,244450,17226987,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,mysterious bacon,"this game is fun, if your into hard core tactical games, it does require time, patience and micromanagement (not too much in my opinion) but ends up being extremely rewarding and fun. Not to mention a competitive price and great visuals aswell as a great moding community linked to the steam workshop"
,Recommended,244450,18377955,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,[ΛSR]типсыRU,hey i need help. how do i get the game out of [open_beta] i tryed going back to re update after the mods still didnt work but now i cant do anything t let me click to chang it
,Recommended,244450,15727840,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,xH0RIZ0Nx,I never played the 1st me of war. But its a fun action packed game. When you beat all the missions try some mods. I recommend 8/8 m8
76561198112833025,Recommended,244450,16082893,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Steve Irwin,great game if you are into a RTS WW2 style game :)
,Recommended,244450,16214278,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,cybx,Excellent RTS!!! much better than company of heroes...  :D
76561198172616574,Recommended,244450,16230276,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,[DC]Robin,"I love this game, it has great World War 2 combat action. For hardcore WW2 game and combat game lovers this is game paradise."
76561198132015164,Recommended,244450,16265578,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Gravedigger194,great world war 2 game if you like ruse this is a good more realistic game to play
76561198078808547,Recommended,244450,16560230,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Toph629,BUY IT ITS GOOD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!10/10 would do again-Toph Reviews
76561198058175491,Recommended,244450,17032494,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,TheRealMasterJack,Its a must play
76561198027289577,Recommended,244450,25203380,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Deemonic14CZ,Wery good game lots of things to do never ending ultimate battles. You want to see everywhere explosions ?    Now you can whit editor dats free to game want to see your famous faction destroy everyone? Yes:) You like star wars ? Very good bycouse the star wars mod its one of the greatest mod in the game se new and batter vehicles tropes and more its beatiful isnt it??:):):)
76561198059113808,Recommended,244450,29259479,Posted: 14 January,all,MuzzledReaper,Yes
,Recommended,244450,23952489,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Pomwonderful,gg
,Recommended,244450,20690131,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Otto Slav,10/10 IGN
,Recommended,244450,16692220,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Big Daddy,This Is one of the newer rts's ive had the most fun with playing coop and multiplayer with my brother. Its really intense one shot can take out your tiger and make you rage in chat if your not carefull. You need skill to be good at this game diffrent to most other games these days. But as many other mentions it crashes unocassionally it really suck when ur into a match and u found some good opponentsMe myself tho havent got so much of these drops as my brother idk ithink a bit of it is depending on the computer aswell (not sure)conclusion: i love this game the best rts ive played in a long time the bad things is that theyr not really much people playing around 10k only if there were more it would help alot for me to like it even more i will give this game 8/10 i really recommend buying it on sale like i did!
,Recommended,244450,28573670,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Low Flo,Got this game recently while it was on sale and it was definitely worth every penny would recommend to anyone who wants to get into strategy games or is fascinated by the WW2 atmosphere that this game projects. Even if you start to get bored there are plenty of mods that provide entertainment.
,Recommended,244450,25183547,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Dronzilla,"The best game ever in my life lol,but this game is better with mod"
,Recommended,244450,25185309,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Heineken,Engine Upgrade. It was well worth it. Finnaly the game looks more like it should have back on release day.
76561198184128069,Recommended,244450,15213557,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,nafairlane,game is great but all of a sudden none of my letter or number keys work. has something happened to the game? its certainly not my key board as i have typed this.
76561198024550148,Recommended,244450,15300802,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Elad25,"AWESOME, Excellent Tactical WW2 game.Jap tanks are basically garbage cans on tracks (except for 2) ...100/10"
76561198212312712,Recommended,244450,15531234,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,zionjedi8,the game is really awesome and this is a really cool game and i like its graphics
,Recommended,244450,15536369,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,⚓KARHU⚓,Just get it............
76561198006777229,Recommended,244450,15300833,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Cullen's Hound,"Fun game, involved developers, harsh learning curve, small population."
,Recommended,244450,15586026,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Mason,"Good, Realistic game. 10/10 for that, But the campaign is cloned for all 5 factions, just different maps, which is still great, but a wee bit droll."
76561198142790673,Recommended,244450,15960573,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Saint Conch,fun
,Recommended,244450,16106493,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Jello|csgoroll.comcsgobounty.com,very nice game that will give you hours of game time!
76561198162122917,Recommended,244450,16138983,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,yolop,"great game, a lot of realistic armor and alot of explosions :)HOWEVER i hate the long startup time for the game itself (not the editor)Sometimes even an half hour to 45 minutes.Not the correct price for this game more like 15 euros full price."
12345678901248934,Recommended,244450,16226953,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,RJN3,AMAZING
76561198132017724,Recommended,244450,16550124,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,The Djenter,This game is awsome. Amazing graphics many bugs. Lots of missions
,Recommended,244450,24982349,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,richie macrophage,This game is amazing!
76561198208272243,Recommended,244450,29238915,Posted: 13 January,all,Jay<TF121>,awesome game
,Recommended,244450,25276909,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,DO I HAVE A LIFE,"Came back from auschwitz and my♥♥♥♥♥♥needed 420 and viagra but this game turned out to be a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.... Not the good kind though, 6/9"
76561198192460251,Recommended,244450,23473044,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,The_Dwarf,"if you are reading this reveiw then you dont have the game yet, why? its great just get it, just get it NOW!"
,Recommended,244450,23768383,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Jean Claude VAC Banne,Best tactic in the game : rush with the Elite Tiger9/11 allah would play again
76561198101472885,Not Recommended,244450,23870172,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Jessy,This game crashed on me every time I tried to play it. I never got a refund and i tried to fix it myself but nothing worked. Im dissipointed
76561198148555262,Recommended,244450,23245653,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,josephbernardf,Good graphics love the actions movements love it all because its not hard to play.
76561198099805040,Recommended,244450,22967184,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Vaxinity,"The newest generation in MoW history.Just amazing,like i'm speechless,just speechless"
76561198272055956,Recommended,244450,22981598,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,mrkumqaut,"very fun game, but with one extremely annoying bug. I spent 3 hours beating a level, and after I beat it it asked me if wanted to proceed to the next level. I said yes, but then realized I had already beat the level and exited the level. when I later looked at the level it said I had not beat it. very annoying."
76561198144849784,Not Recommended,244450,30001733,Posted: 17 February,all,ThewolfpackJay,"To be honest, the game was indeed very well crafted. Graphics, gameplay, historical accuracy you named it. However, the viewing angles and camera movement were so annoying and that ruins the whole game. I saw potential in this one, but to pay for a DLC that contains third-person mode(that should be in the base game)just doesn't make sense for me."
76561198113289753,Recommended,244450,25854676,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Aoikuchinashi,"The Men of War series has always been one of my favourite RTS games ever since i bought the first Men of War game in a CD. The tactical depth and pacing it provides is rare to find amongst RTS and the game is constantly updated by the developers. The vanilla SP missions of this game have very little replayability but this is made up for by the myriad of mods made by the active community, providing many more hours of entertainment. I havent really tried the multiplayer aspect but there are not many players playing that aspect of the game from what i see so dont buy this game if you expect fast multiplayer games. All in all it is a game worth every dollar i spent on it."
,Recommended,244450,27722464,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,TheWolf,If you really want a realistic strategy this is a game for you better than CoH's stupid tanks that can't shoot a infantry who are more closer than 30 cms
76561198075876035,Recommended,244450,15093388,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,GoD_Diamond,Fun game the only downside Ive found is there isnt really a tutorial its just play to learn how to play
76561198113810410,Recommended,244450,16512745,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Daddy_Meme_Master,"This game. Oh this ♥♥♥♥ing game. This is absolutly the best RTS I have ever played. Its like if you took World War II, Combined it with 13 strippers, poured confectioner sugar all over it, and named it Men of War: Assault squad 2. I cannot even stress how exceptionally fun this game is. Note, however, that the singleplayer in this game is not the greatest, but with the steam workshop compatibility that can and will quickly change. If you want a game that'll make you masturbate to it, this is it."
76561198033344212,Recommended,244450,26791451,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ekima,ITS OK
76561197976266771,Recommended,244450,15108196,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,sCorby,great game BUT SO BLOODY UNSTABLE!!!! Keeps crashing every 20mins. really f&*king annoying
76561198168499634,Not Recommended,244450,15125393,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,undeadleader1234,gets really boring n would only recommend it to people who would like to play a good co-op game with a friend
76561198354484393,Recommended,244450,30248645,Posted: 28 February,all,PioneerList981,great game never gets borning with the editor.
,Recommended,244450,29027142,Posted: 4 January,all,Buffalo444,"Great game, facinating scenarios (both in vanilla, dlc, and workshop content), more gritty and realistic than Company of Heroes. Scavenge for weapons, ammo and grenades, sneak up on enemy troops and drop them with throwing knives or silenced weapons, snipe the commander off of a tank's cupola mounted MG, direct artillery to pound entrenched enemies or hidden field guns, track a deadly tank destroyer so you can flank it, repair your own tanks damaged main gun so you can bring it back into the fight. syphon fuel out of derelict vehicles to keep your machines running, detect mines, lay down barbed wire, chuck a bundle of dynamite into a building the enemy has dug into to level it, cover your squads and vehicles advances and retreats with smoke grenades.... there is SO much you can do, it will keep you coming back for more. Every replay is different."
,Recommended,244450,30576717,Posted: 17 March,all,JR_Awesome,"My Brother and I play the Multiplayer sometimes, It is very fun when u get good and even when you aren't."
76561198064797877,Recommended,244450,29021655,Posted: 4 January,all,LordAce670,For anyone who enjoys strategy games i recommend this to them.
,Recommended,244450,30354422,Posted: 6 March,all,Daniel von Vattu,Great community and fun gameplay. There is so many workshop items and mods that adds some reality to the game it's ridicolous :) Overall a fun game and would recommend it to anyone looking to buy strategy games.
76561198340984975,Recommended,244450,30595665,Posted: 18 March,all,kamcarthur66,I just got Mowas2 and i loaded the game and the screen had like these weird colour blurs.I know it's not my computer there is something wrong with the game.Does someone have an explanation???
76561198254609054,Recommended,244450,30644190,Posted: 20 March,all,[Virgin]ia hellcase.com,Dis game dank
76561198094663266,Recommended,244450,30548036,Posted: 16 March,all,fortune,"Working very good  , workshop content is alot , good optimization , both SP and MP + COOP are very enjoyable ! Worth the price!"
76561198076889834,Recommended,244450,33033539,Posted: 30 June,all,Gamekiller1818,This is my first review so if this is bad i dont know but this game is greatProsgood selection of unitsa nice description of each unitStats on what armor they have and where aswell for penetrationinventories in generalModdable this game is great for mods i mean you see ther multiplayer and the most popular one is Robz realism check that out in the steam workshop valour is pretty good aswellIf you can meet some of the right people that are online and play alot such as myself you can really has some funIt doesnt have many cons...really it doesntGoes on sale ofteneasy to learnConshard to master...this is from a Robz realism stand pointthere really isnt any people on multiplayer in the morning but thats to be expectednot much to single player without mods theres alot of levels but it does get a bit tediousResultAnyway i would for sure recommend this game it is amazing i love this game and you really should get it i suggest you get it when its on sale though it can be a bit pricy for some people but all in all its great game but i do suggest one thing dont get too many mods installed...having too many causes long load times
76561198080000434,Recommended,244450,28567048,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Emme,It's a fun tactical game
76561198088116125,Recommended,244450,31810339,Posted: 17 May,all,Tam O'Shanter Is Minced Tonight,Very calm and relaxing game...
76561198198401483,Recommended,244450,27865099,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Tedi5pro,the best game in men of war franchise!!!
76561198007767080,Recommended,244450,25212298,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Hispania Vincit,"I can not open it, whenever i try to open it an error appears.The error says: could not open resource/map.pak, and i only can play the editor sometimes, please, could you fixe it, i bought it to play(obviously), and not even the DLC'S WORK. HEEEELP PLEASE."
,Recommended,244450,25524266,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Jesus,THIS IS BEST GAME OF WW2 GAME EVER HAS GO BUY THIS !
76561198300600403,Recommended,244450,23423417,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,OrbitingThunder,How do you get skirmish on your Men of war AS2
76561198057067491,Recommended,244450,21337849,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Hullahopp,"I once destroyed a Tiger with a Jumbo, and made the guy rage a lotI shot the Tiger's track with an APCrew injuredI then loaded the APCR roundShot the track againThe tiger literally blow upI had 6 plays that round, the enemy guy had 2600GG, 10/10 will use APCR morePro veterans.. chh..But seriously, the game is awesome, and it's really worth buying during a sale! :D"
76561197964328150,Not Recommended,244450,28774793,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Everest | Perrin,I played this game for hours even days but most of that time was spent on community made maps which are hard to find and annoying to search for. The Developers bascly made the same game as men of war assault squad 1 but this one has work shop. but frankly i think the devs are lazy its there job to make a intresting game but in the campaighn for all the different countrys its basicly the same layout and or the same sense of the map and the same layout seriously you made to games with basicly the same mission over and over and the defense missions are the same they stink you didnt even add anything to the bonus mission you could have made a d- day map or something. No offense to the devs but stop making the same thing you are also doing the samething with men of war orgins. This game has great potential and can be awsome if the devs put more work into the missions I you see the community workshop there are a ton of missions which are awsome and if the devs tryed to make a actuall mission it could be amazing. personal note to the devs im a huge fan of your games and you could do amazing things with men of war but you need to put in the effort
76561198337901003,Not Recommended,244450,28148666,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,kadir3465,Is not logging in to the game
,Recommended,244450,28875408,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Small Bleach Storage Box,sup fam
76561198008674005,Recommended,244450,26929832,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Collin,"Men of War Assault Squad 2 has some interesting concepts compaired to something like, Company of heroes 1 or 2. That tanks healthbars have been replaced with a armor penetration system. Soldiers can't run in the open in front of a machine gun without dying. The game has a direct control feature for soldiers and vehicles that allows you to aim and move that person or vehicle.The games UI and Pathmaking has some problems. This shines the most in close quarter combat with infantry.The game also has a strong modsupport to spice up the game even more.All in all this game is a bit advanced for the new player, but besides that and a few minor issues, it's great"
76561198079438866,Recommended,244450,29414385,Posted: 21 January,all,jxander1104,This game is really awesome and I think that it's a great RTS. However one con is that it requires a DLC to use skirmish mode
76561198053403548,Not Recommended,244450,29365042,Posted: 19 January,all,Baron von Thieff,"Just bought the game and launched it... I started the first mission,but every time I select a squad the game crashes. Anybody know why?"
76561198158188592,Recommended,244450,25623776,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,avikraut,its crashs on me all the time now just dont know why
76561198198674951,Recommended,244450,30150866,Posted: 24 February,all,plastic__,Band of Brothers real time simulator.
76561198269403280,Not Recommended,244450,25674608,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,aureliens2014,The game has a map problem which enables from playing it
76561198260257791,Recommended,244450,24914204,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,TheEndGaming360,This game is amazing and I have always wanted to play it sense I first heard about it but every time I try to load it it dosent even open the loading screen can you please fix it or at least tell me what to do it would be a big help.
,Recommended,244450,22153036,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,NatIsrael972,"Just like MoW: AS, only better in graphics and audio - also lags out in my crappy i3 laptop lol"
76561198047848027,Recommended,244450,23909533,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,TeddyKillers™,"Words cant explain how fun this game is! I find it really funny how all the bad reviews made is from people who has less than 2 hours of playtime and since they dont put the time in to get better they have a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ experiance. (this game is like punching a brick wall, at first its very frustrating and hard but once you get through the layer of brick its very enjoyable) So my advice is to not listen to anyone's review who has less than 60 hours on record."
76561198120806210,Recommended,244450,23992295,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,wort wort wort,"I greatly enjoy playing MOWAS2! I love these kinds of games, and even the small features are game changing to me! I feel I'm the only one who actually pays attention to the names, but it's a cool little feature. I own all of the MOW games, and by far, this and MOWAS1 are my favourites. The battles, the mods, which add cool new skins/models/etc are amazing. I defininetly recommend this game to anyone who likes modding, WW2, and RTS."
,Recommended,244450,27976599,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,bonerwizard,Easily the best ww2 RTS ive played.
,Recommended,244450,24351367,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,PANAKEBANANA,I honestly don't know why I bought this.
,Recommended,244450,29224169,Posted: 13 January,all,coolkoekje,great game but bugie♥♥♥♥♥hell
,Recommended,244450,19940774,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Panda,Amazing im new to the game but i love it so far i recomend it. It's difficult so dont get in if your looking dor easy GLHF
76561198169895865,Recommended,244450,17913448,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Veto,"One of the best WWII stradegy games I've seen so far.the third person controls of the tanks are fun and there are many possibilitys for infantry.The biggest Problem in the game is that every nation has the same missions, so you play in the campaign the same missions over and over again, but in diffrent locations and with each nation diffrent units.All in all 8/10"
76561198293959926,Recommended,244450,31184163,Posted: 16 April,all,patcat7777,realy good game worth the money although does not run very well on poor laptop as FPS will be lacking.get the game
76561197996657581,Recommended,244450,18038371,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,B1G_DAWG,"Excellent Game!  Fun, easy to play and many ways to enjoy.  An active Modder community make the games have unlimited potential.  My only complaint, not enough medics."
76561198037358415,Not Recommended,244450,24446800,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Fuck Clog Wogs,mt editor camera laggt 2 times
,Recommended,244450,24449742,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Redcommando21,Amazing but is slow to get mods
76561198254750243,Not Recommended,244450,19322847,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,asian boltz,i cant even play this game it doesnt load up and when it does everything has a white line around totally worth 30 bucks
76561198190417238,Recommended,244450,24211567,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Adolf Kittler,"Good game, only problem is that the A.I path finding has the skill equivelent to Polands space program"
76561198112398967,Recommended,244450,25975910,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Dipstick855,Great strategic game with a unique playstyle and campaign for each side of WW2
,Recommended,244450,31430978,Posted: 28 April,all,FoxieIV,joony said its bad
,Recommended,244450,23846873,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Boba Fett 395,it is very real alistik and fun to play if you have a mod it is even better i hoop you like the game
,Recommended,244450,18487122,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Ungern Khan ᠮᠣᠩᠭ᠋ᠣᠯᠤᠯᠤᠰ,"Very Good, lot better than Company of Heroes 2 :)"
76561198340091659,Recommended,244450,32230843,Posted: 6 June,all,thomaswalsh91302,when i start up the game it does not start
,Recommended,244450,29016617,Posted: 4 January,all,Woogie101,"What i think about this game:For what it is, this game is fairly decent. I will give this game a... 6/10. this game has no difference from Men Of War: Assault Squad 1. they literally just added in skirmish modes and re-arranged the in game panels. So rating the game itself, other than the stupid scam these devs did, the game itself is good! I mean it has its strange moments but its a much more detailed and realistic version of the  Company Of Heroes franchise. I love how you can control your units in game, pretty neat, although its a bit hard since people take cover and sometimes you cant see that from your view. The in-battle loot system is really neat too! i have had some situations were my American tank was broken down and the crew got out and i commanded them to run for their lives to the old, 1 story shack, across the street, while the tank commander (armed with an SMG) took cover the tank crew (armed with pistols) ran finding German soldiers bodies, taking their ammo, and their weapon not far from their cold carcass. As they ran back and took cover in the shack, the Germans kept advancing on their position. Worried i would loose these brave survivors, my ally, finally came in with some backup, a deadly combination of tanks, infantry, and missiles raining down from artillery far away from the front lines.This is a great game, for the combat. If you are concerned about why i have no hours displayed, I dont have internet on my PC, to solve this issue I (rarely) take my PC to a freinds house who has wifi, i thank him for being so kind, for i promise to pay him back. Yes i would pay him back for favors like this and other things..."
76561198174185801,Not Recommended,244450,31145553,Posted: 14 April,all,Bendy,it doesn't work now when I used editor not to mention it crashes every time
76561198066420555,Recommended,244450,28500128,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,lekevin98,I litERAlly bought this two days ago and now it has a sale im so upset
,Recommended,244450,15578674,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,King Salty,Its ok i gues
,Recommended,244450,24003488,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Fag,"Great game so far, my only complaint is that the direct control mode is kindy dodgy. i'll be back for a humorous reivew (ill at least try) l8ter once ive played a bit more."
,Recommended,244450,15114750,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Indever,love it
76561198245679842,Recommended,244450,28771448,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,nathanwhb13,YES I CAN NOW FINISH MY CRUSADE WITH THE CRUSADER TANK DEUS VALTA
76561198051195079,Recommended,244450,19281014,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,austinwoodson13,love this game!
,Not Recommended,244450,19319147,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,UhIforot,its not working missing excutacble
76561198152975748,Recommended,244450,33159956,Posted: 2 July,all,PostwarGamer,It is a good game. The editer is the best
,Not Recommended,244450,18665693,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Ragnar,i recieve an error code whenever i start this game and i havnt done anyhing wrong somebody please help me?
76561198129567249,Recommended,244450,24381847,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,STEEL TITAN,fun game. when it works
76561198134920841,Recommended,244450,25933968,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Based Crusader,https://gyazo.com/c1ee3bcb3a7e1f840990c841d40d0c87https://gyazo.com/089788f7cabd0b2d856029e24ba722f7https://gyazo.com/980aeabce27be2196385e008ecb29096https://gyazo.com/c8731305345c109f7bc5bc6cb01be2a410/10 GUD GAME would suggest
,Recommended,244450,16721379,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Der 80er Spieler,"This Is No 2  Best RTS Game . This game is more realistic because your army can out of ammo and you have to bring the supply truck to get ammo and you can order your army get into any vehicles . This game has many skirmish mission from USA , JAPANESE , SOVIET , GERMANY , and COMMENWEALTH  ARMY . So many type of Tanks and armor vehicles also Army .PS: You can also drive a F**KING TRACTOR and EVEN STEAL ENEMY TANK!!!!Review : 9 / 10"
76561198072272799,Recommended,244450,33681118,Posted: 20 July,all,Zero,The campaign was one of the worst i've ever seen but the editor mode and mods make up for it.
,Recommended,244450,19604658,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Griff [B-2-502],>loads into multiplayer battle>Fights for 10 mins>obtains King Tiger>shouts Team America: World Police theme whilst direct controlling into battle>Gets destroyed instantly by PIAT wielding infantryman10/10 would Get rekt by glorified Nerf gun again.
76561198069712605,Recommended,244450,21499934,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,King Dyre the Stranger of Kiev,It is extremelly cheeky and has a lot of breeky10/10
76561197968102251,Not Recommended,244450,14697189,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,SwissCheeseAttackSquad,"This game would seem to be a lot of fun as ww2 rts strategy games are up my alley.  But several flaws prevent it from being an enjoyable experience1.  Multiplayer is extremely laggyI have a good computer and the game runs flawlessly if I am playing by myself.  But if I try multiplayer it is extremely laggy and unplayable.  I have no problems with playing other rts games online such as company of heroes 2 or Starcraft 2.  Men of War online is currently too laggy2.  Mutliplayer is not welcoming to new playersThere is basically no way for someone who is new to this game to gain experience.  Everyone who plays appears to have been playing games from the series for several years.  There is no way to practice multiplayer matches with an ai player.3.  Single player skirmishs are copied for each countrySingle player missions are not varied and if you played one nation's campagin you have played them all.I think there is a lot of good stuff in this game, but the issues relating to multiplayer are preventing me from fully enjoying it."
76561198050931650,Not Recommended,244450,14731438,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Korean Handjob,"Love this game. Love the series. The devs are dirtbags Men of war: Assault Squad 2 is nothing but a money scheme. Exact same game as the first, but has functioning multiplayer and a workshop (so if you actaully want to play with friends you need the second one cos they disable mp for the first so people will buy this crap)"
76561198163450217,Recommended,244450,33779834,Posted: 24 July,all,schlachter181,Over all great game and long levels
76561198210993627,Recommended,244450,33711381,Posted: 21 July,all,Aw Geez Rick,This is an amazing game and i highly recomend it to any RTS fan.
,Recommended,244450,33757863,Posted: 23 July,all,t895zx,It's all about kicking♥♥♥♥♥and chewing bubble gum.
76561198255715092,Recommended,244450,33717949,Posted: 22 July,all,heroiccrab,"An amazing strategy game, love all the mods and multiplayer"
,Recommended,244450,15012566,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,White Byte,"blow stuff up, get a sniper shoot a couple fools, blow more stuff up"
76561197975610029,Not Recommended,244450,25209958,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,BrokenForks,"I bought this game after really enjoying the original Assault Squad. After playing it for a bit I realized that the single player missions are the same ones that were in Assault Squad, there really doesn't seem to be any difference between the two games single player campaigns.If you've never played Assault Squad it's pretty good but without new single player missions I don't think this game deserves to be called ""Assault Squad 2"". Perhaps ""Assault Squad Remastered"" or something else would have been more fitting because it seems to be the exact same game as Assault Squad as far as I can tell."
,Recommended,244450,14606769,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Quaxo,"I would recommend this to anyone who hasn't played any of the Men of War series before. If you own any of the WWII era Men of War games, there is nothing in this game that isn't in those except new campaign lines. Everything is identical. Unless you're a huge fan, don't bother getting this one if you have one of the previous ones.Now, if you haven't played a Men of War game before and are a fan of WWII RTS games, then definitely have a look at this one. The level of detail in the game is just crazy.- Destructible environment: Nearly everything can be destroyed. Bomb it, grenade it, drive a tank through it. Buildings, trees, almost everything.- Detailed vehicle system: Vehicles need fuel. They also have detailed parts that can be damaged, like the tracks, the turret, and the engine. They can also be repaired to get a vehicle back in action.- Supplies: Troops need ammo. Take ammo from dead soldiers or call in a supply truck to resupply your troops.- Detailed maps: The maps are very life like. The structures can be used for cover, or to lay a trap for oncoming soldiers.These are staples of the series, going back to the original Faces of War. If you get the chance to pick up any in the series, go for it."
76561198067757750,Not Recommended,244450,25059305,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,1st Captain of the 8th Legion,"Game was fun and good until devs released a patch that for some reason will not allow me to join any lobbies and wont allow anyone to join mine under some ""this server does not permit permiscuous NAT"" BStried to get help on the discussions but ive heard nothing from no one, technical issues arent supported effectively if at all"
76561198193227423,Not Recommended,244450,17874767,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Ben Dover,Crash and crash and crash... + loading for multiplayer resources that takes for ever!!!
,Recommended,244450,26665699,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,G_man,It is alright
76561198135947382,Recommended,244450,26676970,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,₱ⱤØӾɎɆⱤ,MindBlown ^^
76561198120818142,Recommended,244450,23875928,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,jam jimmy,This is one of the many strategy games i've played but this clearly the best one i've played
,Recommended,244450,25156707,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Commander Patriot,"One of the best games I've ever played, tons of fun! Get RobZ Realism mod and you've got yourself some realistic WWII fun going on!"
76561198168196711,Recommended,244450,25152490,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,a real snow mexican,russian bias ftw 9000 out of 1
,Not Recommended,244450,30819041,Posted: 29 March,all,Sokolov,"Horribly balanced. Laggy on a GTX 1080, i7 4790k. Horrible game all around. Get CoH2 instead or just stick with MoW 1."
76561198210046271,Not Recommended,244450,25560847,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,TheBlazingPhoenix10,What happened to the game i can't play it because it says error ?
76561198062572381,Not Recommended,244450,14695956,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,D3loFF,"This is my review of the Men of War: Assault Squad 2.I bought the game twice (for me and for a friend) and my mind just can't understand how an engine from 2006 could run so bad. The game is barely playable in Multiplayer. For those who have not been playing it before I will say this - imagine a constant lag with micro freezing screens ALL the time. Excuse me, but I run Skyrim much better than this. It lags for 80% of people in multiplayer no matter what your PC configuration is. May be if I take some of NASA's supercomputers I will be able to play a normal game. And the lag is just the beginning - yesteday I won a 1v1 battle only because the the guy against me had several game costing bugs (he can't repair his tank, his crew won't enter the second damaged tank which he managed somehow to repair, and his units got completely stuck several times). Today as always I experienced same thing again and that was the end. I decided to write that and to say don't buy that thing unless they fix it. And believe me I will write here again when the game is playabe again I promise."
,Recommended,244450,25140417,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Judge Judy Best Goalkeeper,gr8
76561198184823742,Recommended,244450,15102513,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,swaggless707,great game my a.i is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ 9/10
76561198076386576,Recommended,244450,15104072,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Devdon,Spawned a tankDrove a tankShot at tankGot shot back at from tankGot hit in treads by tankGot men out of tankMade men take cover by tankDied from enemy men10/10 Would Cower from enemy forces again
76561198064921414,Not Recommended,244450,15150233,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Chewy110,this game has alot of bugs sorry im shoot at a weaker tank with a heavy tank the round is passing right throught it theres no damage or crew lose and the weaker tanks some how bows up my tank thats total BS ill no longer play this game i wish i never bought it
,Recommended,244450,25140319,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,John Fitzgerald Kennedy,great game 10/10 would buy again m8
,Recommended,244450,23881388,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,[FT:R] HyperionGM,"For anyone complaining about the game crashing...PLAY IT IN SAFE MODE DAMNIT, it works hell of a lot better even if the unit pathing is a crap shoot (AS1 had the same problem so yea).Once you get that done the game gets 10,000 times better.Heck theres a version of safe mode that lets you play with mods.I'd go into detail but i suck at reviews so yeah."
,Recommended,244450,20159730,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,fatto catto,"This game is amazing, the mds and things are easy to us and don't crash as much as they did in as1"
76561198140320347,Recommended,244450,20164898,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Ghostrecall,"I do like the game very much and its pretty unfair if I do call it a bad game but I can't play It. It happen a year ago, when I tried to play the game it wouldn't load. I procead to try and make it work and I even unistaled it and reinstaled it. I am now thinking about reseting my progress in the game, but If that doesnt't work I don't know what to do. Plz Help Me"
76561198174635007,Recommended,244450,23883980,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Armyman91,this game is reallistic
76561198015032904,Recommended,244450,19351132,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,CheekyGoy,This♥♥♥♥♥♥.. this♥♥♥♥♥♥right here... this♥♥♥♥♥♥is good♥♥♥♥♥
76561198118940476,Recommended,244450,19364638,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,KingTiger [Blink Gaming],i think this is a great game to play if you enjoy commanding type games and ww2 stuff
76561198057911073,Recommended,244450,19357382,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Trinity,its alot of fun
76561198114638694,Recommended,244450,19400536,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,[ꋪ℘℘Ҝ]ꊼᏌΠҜΩШΠꊼ,To be honest this game is a fun game to play and is even better with mods and user made missions but it hurts me to see so many bad reviews even tho its is better now and so is call to arms is also is a great game people should check out.
76561198210023841,Recommended,244450,19493597,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Te Marin,♥♥♥♥ing insan firefights... thats all you need buy this ♥♥♥♥ing game dumb♥♥♥♥
76561198130165999,Recommended,244450,15106073,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,JakeEast2016,Good game if you are in to the army games
,Recommended,244450,15104270,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Devildog,Fun RTS Game.
,Recommended,244450,15100263,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Jesus (New and Improved),My 2 Tiger tanks got destroyed by a mortar.10/10
76561198097422007,Recommended,244450,15100391,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,SouthernGrizz,"This game has now become funner in the world of mutilpayer with all that you can do in it due to the update, but in a sense i wish there were more single player missions to do instead of the same maps as before in AS 1. Another thing is that it allows you to record video while playing but i have yet been able to figure out how to wtch them after playing. All in all this game is alot better and funner to play now all we need now is more single player maps to play with friends. One more thing there is a bug that comes up every now and then that will crash the game but its still fun. Thumbs up for this game! enjoy!"
,Recommended,244450,29493279,Posted: 25 January,all,The Cool and Nice Fields,Review settings have been reduced for better performance.
76561198351942764,Not Recommended,244450,29568364,Posted: 29 January,all,Taylor,fix my game it keeps saying define not found. I want a refund
76561198130697129,Recommended,244450,20126820,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,AmedicatedGiraffe,After watching Raptor and his friends play this i decided to buy it. I dont have a huge amount of hours in it yet and i have only done some of the tutorial missions but from what i have seen i am likin it alot. I have company of heores and am an old school command and conquer player. This game is really great and stands out among other rts style games. Totally recommended
76561198246179978,Recommended,244450,19507703,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Pollo,"Very fun, very modifiable, would recommend."
76561198006533011,Not Recommended,244450,15149481,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,DG,"I was very disapointed. The game lacks any depth of play. compared to company of heros, this is rubish."
76561198291213272,Recommended,244450,34327890,Posted: 18 August,all,panzitaz04,Its and very good game because u can make new friends in the game or even talk alot to the people in the game insted of being loney
76561198029423877,Recommended,244450,29175146,Posted: 10 January,all,kpmh2001,"if you want an in depth review, look elsewere, i'm just here to say i like it"
76561198136396768,Recommended,244450,24136969,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Felixkaka,Love all the Men of war games. i almost played them ALL. men of war that got tiny dots that fights xD. but still love it. its because this show what war really is. you lose soldiers. try as hard as possible to do not. soldiers can hide. be always ready. the graphic too isnt the best but really good but the REALISM WOW you can shoot of the soldiers hats. the body diseapers if its get exploded and these two things is only few of the rest. tanks got diffrent damage problems. soldiers can get healed if they not DEADLY injured. so on. my friends thinks its to hard but i think its fun for little challanging. but one thing that i dont like its the EDITOR its hard to understand. you mostly need to look upp things. there no tutorials at all on the game how to do it. (only on youtube and websites) but its still awsome and enough hard for me to take a time into it
76561198268820163,Recommended,244450,33016935,Posted: 29 June,all,Kelvine,Pretty Good RTS.
76561198063422669,Recommended,244450,33015303,Posted: 29 June,all,Seljumnik,An excellent game I fell in love with!
76561198364988599,Recommended,244450,33020889,Posted: 29 June,all,the basic night owl,wow playing in world war 2 has never been this much fun man world war 2 was such a good time with all te gun firer and all that10/10 world war 3 for new memes
76561198080229557,Recommended,244450,33824138,Posted: 26 July,all,Updike04,very good game
,Recommended,244450,33184550,Posted: 3 July,all,Shields,Best game ever!!
76561198271689399,Recommended,244450,34269666,Posted: 15 August,all,OoOOOooOof,You can remove kebabs 10/10 best game
,Recommended,244450,25153948,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Kosatkiin,i like being a nazi in this gaem
,Recommended,244450,21655945,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,MinorityShack,"Perfect World war game but the maps man the maps! in the campiang they are mostly just with make up for others but some and different and will mods its really really fun. The gameplaay, The Strategic everything is good its just some of the maps i would recemond the game a 8.5/10"
,Recommended,244450,25017286,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Wiki,Very good game if DLC is bought if not it is only a 4/10 if DLC is bought 8/10 the game is not perfect but is still very fun.
,Not Recommended,244450,12866848,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Turtle,Multiplayer is broken.
,Recommended,244450,22713557,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,1stRVR | Rct. Penn,"its awesome, you should get it"
76561198078589438,Recommended,244450,19150628,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Spaghetti and Meatballs,Probably one of the best RTS games that i've played in a very long time. Runs very smooth and has great unique tactics  embedded within the game. Has a great replayability.
,Recommended,244450,29228198,Posted: 13 January,all,Chef Michael Smith,How can one company be so bad at voice acting?
,Recommended,244450,24152244,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Kek48,♥♥♥♥♥i want the badge badlythis game is good
,Recommended,244450,24143607,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,t-wiN,Muy Bueno
76561198166582415,Recommended,244450,22344578,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,10 sacksand20potatoes - sbergoe,AWESOME GAME if i had it
,Recommended,244450,29433604,Posted: 22 January,all,Vermin Supreme,good
,Recommended,244450,28656766,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Jiang Ziya,"An underrated game that much better than the now cash cow COH2. Let me get it short :Pros :- Detailed, deep, rewarding and satisfying gameplay (much better than COH 2 arcade like gameplay)- No microtransaction, no P2W- Good performance, better than COH 2- Decent graphics (well, we play strategy game for gameplay not for the graphics)- Mods- For newcomer of this series, this will be your best WW2 RTS ever- On sale frequentlyCons :- Steep learning curveFor all of you WW2 fans, RTS fans, military enthusiast and hardcore gamer that want to lose countless hours, this game is dedicated for you."
,Recommended,244450,20513104,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,air.locked,"I like this game, lots of fun when playing coop with friends!"
76561198027980272,Recommended,244450,13972087,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,gutoue,"Very realistic RTS game, unlike anything else. Even company of hero 2 can not touch near it."
76561198082376369,Recommended,244450,23997478,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,taurus,when i start the game up it says: that they can't open because a pak or somthingwhat need i to do
,Recommended,244450,27302986,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,SrS-nuga-SITU-VERD-KUKK,NICE
76561198024292506,Recommended,244450,19624476,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,JabbaTheHunty,It's like red orchestra 2 if it was good.Or whatever that game is.You know the one.9/10
,Recommended,244450,22101699,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,[GER] Sturmhuhn,"really good game , i had problems playing it at the beginning but now the problems are resolved and it works perfectly fine . i can only recommend this game to anyone who likes ww2 games , there is nothing better than playing dday defense with friends and a gore mod xD"
76561198041807582,Recommended,244450,22328008,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Sunthaille,"My favourite RTS game.The micromanagement, the ability  to control every single soldier individually, being able to repair and capture enemy vehicles.You can for example switch the MG42 on the motorcycle with a .50 cal machine gun.Leveling a city with the ground using tanks, artillery and explosives is fun. (and interesting to see how the battlefield changes)Equipping a rifleman with a big machine gun from a destroyed tank and individually controlling him in 3rd person and killing squad after squad of counter attacking enemy forces is really satisfying!The freedom and things you can do in this game is amazing!This game is not like the rest, and worlds apart from the unhistorical and dull Company of heroes."
,Recommended,244450,22475043,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Mark1153,This Games Is AMAZING!
,Recommended,244450,28916914,Posted: 1 January,all,Painless,It's pretty good.Stay away from Call to Arms. Twice the price and with less content.
76561198198933663,Not Recommended,244450,34694722,Posted: 2 September,all,musa,♥♥♥♥
76561198129482585,Not Recommended,244450,34494429,Posted: 25 August,all,висдом козел,didn't like it
76561198150837335,Recommended,244450,30643120,Posted: 20 March,all,Woah,never mind i got it working again so i can give a real review now its a RTS set in world war 2 its not very historical but it is called assault squad there are quite a large amount of mods out there most arent on steam workshop tho the mods do take alot of space up i have had a lot of problem trying to get it to work
,Recommended,244450,17096858,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Choriburger,I TOOK A 50. WITH A ANGRY SCOTSMAN AND FECKING♥♥♥♥♥♥♥EVRYVEDY. 9999/10.
,Recommended,244450,24540446,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Ray,"Seriously, I've discovered this game too late. I wish there could be more active players online."
76561198122595741,Recommended,244450,16502063,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,[Pvt] W. Heinberg [PTF],"I say get this game only with GSM(fields of honor) but the devs get patching this game which isn't helping because it screws up you being able to use the things that make this worth your money, mods."
,Recommended,244450,24862847,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Chauris,"Very good strategy, ww2 game with workshop :) I think its my best played strategy game with workshop :) I very like it :)10/10 :)"
,Recommended,244450,28612222,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Hawky ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ,i love this game like mad i played 200 hrs and not a hr wasted i love it so much i love the mods i love th missions i love he whole game
,Recommended,244450,24479892,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Zippo,"The game have potential, but right now it is kind a buggy and the multiplayer is a shame. Few servers, few players."
76561198149414350,Recommended,244450,21661016,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Sz,VERY GOOD GAME
76561197981446012,Recommended,244450,10490658,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Costarring,"Serious improvement in single-player land if you use Windows 10 64bit.You might want to turn down shadows and special effects (shadows still give your system a beating and effects (explosion and such) give me hiccups).But all in all, I'm playing @ maxed settings (exept those 2).If you are a fan of squad level RTS, without basebuilding in a WW2 settings, I can surely recommend this.Best in it's genreToday, 22-6-2016 (06/22/2016), another 1GB patch was delivered.That is some support!"
76561198144681506,Recommended,244450,22988960,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,THEdawg66,Just buy it
,Recommended,244450,27885453,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,🐈Fluffy Dasher~🐈,"I bought this solely for Star Wars: Galaxy at War, and so should you."
76561198247516884,Recommended,244450,35460920,Posted: 3 October,all,camper 58972,this good but cheats are needed
,Recommended,244450,21370853,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Price/Karma™[MIA]☯,I really like it
76561197983240302,Not Recommended,244450,9235389,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,VietCong Bandit,VERY DISAPPOINTED
76561198067842405,Recommended,244450,12444775,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,АК-47 HaBblkycu,Добрый день!  Это легендарная игра в которую любят играть разные поколения ! На мой взгляд есть значительный минус - дистанция атаки тяжелых танков значитьлно сокращена нежели в предыдущих версиях MAN OF WAR надеюсь что этот значительный минус немедлено исправят.
76561198067884249,Not Recommended,244450,9569478,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,GHOSTanbul,İ'll never pre-order any game from steam anymore.Release date was postponed twice since my pre-order and now the game is labelled as early access which simply means you can not ask steam for a refund (good luck for that). It is just a dirty trick for the thousands of gamers who pre-ordered this game by anticipating it a lot. And for 1C Company; I really enjoyed playing some of your games but just like Gearbox (A:CM disaster) you're now in my blacklist at least they kept their word for the release date.
,Recommended,244450,8917589,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,SNIPEZ10,this game rocks to bad i cant build bunkers nests nests for snipers :( it seems like it needs work still but its good its worth the dollar :)
,Recommended,244450,12569057,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,smN*,I guess this is the most realistic WW2 Strategy game I've ever seen. Maybe sometimes a bit to realistic^^
76561198074577607,Recommended,244450,9270222,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Sexybackyea,"Great game! If you're looking for a World War 2, gritty, dig-in-cover game then this is it for you! Awesome!"
,Recommended,244450,9197463,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Angus,"Amount of Tanks:    MOW > MOWAS > MOWAS2Amount of Infantry: MOWAS2 > MOWAS > MOWGeneral idea of the game is lots of infantry.Tank play has gotten a little more intense due to the closer ranges compared to MOWAS.Disagree with the implementation of the leveling system, but that should be fixed in upcoming balance patches."
,Not Recommended,244450,9353438,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Blackflunk,Same as MoW AS
,Recommended,244450,9209497,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,xKONIGSTIGERx,The game so far has gone amazingly well. It is in open beta and so far with a few mishaps with frames is running smooth. If you are interested in strategy games then MoW Assault Squad 2 is for you. In my opinion this game has more strategy and depth than Company of heroes. They are both amazing strategy games but this game takes the cake for me.
76561198007416890,Recommended,244450,9287384,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,YOUREPRETTYGUD,YEAH MAN FIGHT THE BATTLE WITH THE MEN WHO ARE TRAINED FOR WAR TANKS EXPLOSIONS COOL GAME BLOWING HOUSES UP ROCKETS AND 5 NATIONS GET DOWN IN THE DIRT WITH NOTHING BUT WAR MEN FUN TIMES
,Recommended,244450,9648643,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Connor,Pure Gold! But it has alot of work to do to fix all of the bugs!
76561198010338883,Recommended,244450,9324675,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,olliekampo,"There are a lot of people saying this is a bad game because it is so similar to the first, and while it is true that much of the game is taken straight from the first, there has also been a lot of improvement to the game and the developers are clearly trying their hardest to make it better. Just because the game isn't a massive improvement on the first yet it doesn't mean it is a bad game, what people are saying is ridiculous. This is a very fun game which is very enjoyable to play."
76561198060896684,Recommended,244450,9296738,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Autismo 2202,this game is one of my favourite games already. and its just the bigining
,Recommended,244450,9610920,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,M@.Bordered Gaming,Tom should buy it
76561198125665263,Recommended,244450,11157161,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Steemy Serpent,Awesome game but should have modes for beginners and not have easy be like hell.
,Recommended,244450,9360716,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Conscript_4_5C12U13,"There are chickens in the game, THEY'RE also a weapon!!11/10GOTY!!!"
,Not Recommended,244450,9704766,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,ShiftyPowers,Laziest Game Development i have ever seen. what a joke....
,Recommended,244450,10656320,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,DimaKrepost,"Even on a budget laptop, the graphics are astounding, though the game slows when a Panzer III Ausf. E is ramming through an adobe building while simultaneously exploding from a 17 lb AP shell gouging through its magazine. Realism is a plus, though many complain of balance issues, which there are.Every soldier can be micro-managed, if that's your thing. A tank crew bails because their Sherman took a shell to both tracks and the engine? Scrounge around for a weapon by holding down C, now they're an assault squad with SMG's and ammo to spare, or load them up with machine-guns and have them take cover behind their former vehicle. Medics play a huge role of bringing back soldiers from the brink of death, and snipers can actually snipe important targets.Direct control was a new feature for me in a RTS, but not unwanted, nor unwarranted. With it, you can move a unit exactly as you want, and fire where and when you want. Did a T-34-85mm hide behind that farm manor? Can you still see its position with a scouting squad of infantry? Well take direct control of your 88mm Flak and load it up with AP. The cursor will show you an obstructed target, green on the face of the building and red on the T-34. Fire anyway. That 88mm round will barely flinch at wood and plaster, flying through the manor to skewer those Russians in their fresh coffin. I've even used this trick in Multiplayer, to set up ambushes where the enemy can only guess at where I am, firing through wood sheds and empty barns.Steal tanks by crippling them, killing the fleeing crew, then repairing an manning them with your own troops. Aim for the track to immobilize TDs and SPAs, or aim for the main gun if your feeling lucky.Ambushes work, the enemy AI isn't omnisciently aware of your position. Lay mines and barbed wire, if you have the time. Steal guns your jealous of. Storm trenches. Weep as a Panzerwerfer wastes your entire left flank in a hail of HE rockets, then struggle to maintain cohesion after the onslaught.This game is the best WW2 RTS in my opinion. It appeals the intellect as well as the senses.9.5/10"
,Recommended,244450,10103151,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Frankel,"This is IT!! Im already playin the early access, and i could not wait to start. Im a big fan of the Men of War series and i have them all, but this will be the best they have !! Thank for my Favorit game."
76561197970328600,Recommended,244450,9437097,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Tribu,You say your RTS player? Then this game is must have in your game libary.
76561198056118066,Recommended,244450,11312935,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,MivwTaupos,It's great :D
76561198081951129,Recommended,244450,10208617,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Vault Boy,"I have to say this is one of the best games i have ever played in my life, Ive never really got into any RTS's however this game is truly something different, although it may seem small it is worth every penny i think to date there are 289 achievements, i mean like woah! the scenarios are fairly similar for each force however it is always fun to drive a tank through a building only to get the tank trapped, the way vehicles work/ are damaged is iconic and works really well, the game physics are great too! ICE BREAKS! I mean come on, thats cool, there is one downfall i would like there to be an offline skirmish option in which you can play alongside/ against AI, as sometimes id find it fun to throw an army of cheap russian tanks into a german barracks, however  this is just a minor downfall.Put it this way, after 25 hours of playing i have completed 1 and a half of the available campaigns!I hope to see this to have more expansions and missions :)10/10"
76561198052230772,Recommended,244450,9568523,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,XiritaGaming,"Brilliant gmae so far, can't wait for it to be finished :D 10/10"
,Recommended,244450,9372547,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,TANMAN147,"Grapchic's are better, its optimization is better, so it runs better. Good job with the new workshop addition.  This allows some of my favorite mods to come to steam and allow them to update through steam.  The game doesn't add that many new units ,but if you think about it how could they.  Would you rather have real tanks or made-up tanks that would suck the realism out of the game.  Some stuff is really fun to work with including the new AI that you have to pay for ,but it's worth it. I would give a 8/10 just for the major and small improvements they made to this game."
76561198055317425,Not Recommended,244450,9648374,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Efrafa,"Terrible, would like to say something nice because really taking it a step up in the WW2 RTS franchise in earlier games. I know its early access, it has little bugs but the main issue is not because of bugs or gameplay. The thing is is that its the same thing as The original Assualt Squad. BTW the graphics at max are still really bad a HORRIBLE textures. Why buy a game for $27 when you can get a better and more active version for $15? Want my money back."
76561198011882911,Recommended,244450,10176213,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Savv,Best game of all time.
,Recommended,244450,12398150,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Stepdan,"Realistic tank models with un-realistic physics, cracks me up everytime!"
76561198002589014,Recommended,244450,13475270,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,-=XX=-Nephilim,"Probably the best RTS ever created. Well, excluding sci-fi ones anyways... Get it!"
,Recommended,244450,10715414,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Barry Lyndon,"Men of War and Faces of War were epic games. In the last 2 assault squad games they have some little big problems with multiplayer and the campaign got flat, but still be one of the best offers on the mkt"
,Recommended,244450,30241977,Posted: 28 February,all,Ahappyteddybear,"One of the best RTS platform out there, with the workshop the possibilities are infinite. If you like Rts or WW2 get this now"
76561198131355071,Recommended,244450,11796526,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Natsu Dragneel,i found out about this game while watching youtube it looked great i was watching BaronVonGamez he is a great youtuber
,Recommended,244450,10384754,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,[T.C] Thirsty Sloth,"Great game. A lot of micro managing. Every aspect of the game is very detailed.However there isn't alot of replayable gamemodes, like a tradional rts skirmish."
76561198007163080,Recommended,244450,11469723,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Relic,"This game has a steep learning curve, and it's not for little kids because its too technical.This game is the best computer game I've every played though, stick through the learning curve and watch youtube videos to improve.Awesome game."
,Recommended,244450,11875188,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Orcywoo6,"One of the best WW2 RTS games I have had the pleasure of playing. It's made me curse with rage when someone manages to explode the ammo cache of my best tank, squeal with evil laughter in my crude tactics such as getting an entire squad of infantry to charge enemies with live grenades and it never fails to play out differently.The game offers so many options for strategy, for example, fully destructable maps where anything can be destroyed and even turned into cover for your units.Infantry holed up in a house? Drive a tank through it!One of my favourite things is that no unit is tied to a squad, so you can get a squad of infantry but split them up and outfit them in any way you desire, even mix and match different units!The micromanaging can be a little daunting at first but once you get to know it, it is the ultimate tool. You can set up your units any way you want, they have their own individual inventories and ammo counts, you can loot corpses, vehicles, run out of ammo and more. Don't forget to keep your anti-tank guns supplied!I give this game at least a 9/10, the depth and fun within this game, especially if you play with friends is excellent.I should also add, the reason for most of the negative reviews are because people are butthurt about the similarities between the first game and this game. They knew exactly what they were buying, the developers themselves even said its just an upgraded version. Get rekt.There is no excuse not to get this game at 50% off!"
76561197991176101,Recommended,244450,11892060,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Bam Ba Lam!,"Yes, this game is very much like AS1, but with graphical improvements and even better, UI improvements. Add in workshop support for some cool missions and mods and a promised future of performance improvements and additional features. I suppose those aren't guranteed but at $14 I would buy it just for the improvements and content, and the future modding potential.But make no mistake, this game is serious. It's not for casual gamers, because you have to devote some time to even understand it. It's complex but generally fair and well executed, although the UI could be better. It's nothing like COH or COH2. Being in the open will get you killed. Not being prone will get you killed. Being a tank will get you killed. Missions can take up to and over an hour, as can PVP games. The micromanagement is intense and for people like me, impossible to master. Thus, I like playing skirmish (vs AI) missions with multiple people, so I can roleplay my own squad in a large unit.The MP community is kind of sparse but appears to be growing and improving. It's usually easy enough to find a PVP game but not as easy to PvE. PvP is DIFFICULT and the players are often very experienced, but a good fight can be quite a rush. There's a lot of movie-like moments (suicide bombing a tank with TNT, or one-shotting a tiger from across the map) and incredible feats of microing (usually using Direct Control, a fun feature that lets you can control and use any unit you own) that are just plain fun to watch. In some sense the game can feel like a FPS in the sense that you're covering, using tactics, and even firing a weapon yourself from time to time. The ballistics are VERY realistic and so is cover, with accurate hitboxes that make a soldier's death fair and believable. And your soldiers will die, often.The models are great and historically accurate, so if you're into that you'll love this. The soldiers are believable and the inventory system is fun (for instance, you can kill a nazi officer and put on his hat mockingly, then loot his luger. Then blow his body up with TNT. Then take the MG from his car and put rounds downrange).Overall I love this game and, although never being too great at PvP, enjoy the base and workshop missions and scenarios. If you're on the fence, at full price perhaps you should wait for more progress (which is never a guarantee). But if it's on sale for $20 or less, I would say it's a must buy for anyone who loves WWII history, serious RTS's,"
,Recommended,244450,11879001,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Conway998,Very fun game to play solo or with friends. Muiltiplayer is defiently the way too go with its intense moments and helarious results (sometimes)
,Recommended,244450,11982342,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,gibbon,Awesome game
,Recommended,244450,10155535,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Ciaran,the best ww2 rts
76561198021578417,Recommended,244450,11186852,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,SavageRicecake,"Some people would say that this game is worst than the first, that may be true and it may not be. I've played the first for only a few hours but this game I LOVE, it is without a doubt the most detailed rts game i have ever played from being able to control each individual unit to it's inventory it makes this game amazing and intense as you are always checking your ammo while checking your flanks and the destructible environment is not only well done but beautiful 9/10!"
,Recommended,244450,11421998,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,[W-G] Harland DeathRun Friday!,"For those who own the previous MOWAS game I strongly disagree paying full price for the game.MOWAS2 is very much identical to its baby game. If you are hoping for a new chapter in the MOW series look else where, the game adds a few new levels, but recylces old levels.MOWAS2 strongest point which makes it of my most fun games of all time is the Workshop feature, it adds endless custom content, campigns, graphics, units ect. All free ofc!MOWAS2 mutiplayer is very much simular to that of MOWAS1, there is a new gamemode called assaut zones Extreme, which is some slightly buffed rules but nothing major. The network is reramped but co op missions are still fairly horrible due to the horrendous idea of ""unit sharing spawning"". If you spawn in a tank, you may not get the tank, your ally player may do making almost a fault in getting the requested units to the front in time.I would by this game if it was below 20GBP, its a good game but the game engine is very much untouched, more unoptimised with the improved graphics.Good game."
76561198012214888,Recommended,244450,11822183,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Sizz-ah-lin_slap,"MOW: AS 2. This game reminds me a lot of the old ones (faces of war/Men of war).. And like always nothing is wrong with this game not a thing, it's just pretty much the same action as you'd speak of on FOW MOW. But i said ""pretty much the same"" if you missed the first Assault squad game, or just want another fresh one from their series than get this. like it says it has plenty of vehicles, troops, and you can now send in air strikes which are a hit ""Literally"".. Multiplayer is finally into a state where you can log on without any trouble, join a game and just play with all the wonderful toys. This game passes the time with ease, and who doesn't like sending it huge numbers of tanks and troops for you to command, even in direct control? come on its fun.So if you don't have the First Assault squad, or just want to update your series with this that adds way more vehicles than before (Including Japan) you'll love it. 8/10"
,Recommended,244450,9993538,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Sweg Bucket,"Wonderful game, obviously looks similar to Men of War: Assault Squad but it's worth it. Love the steam workshop, multi-core support and the shaders. Hopefully DigitalMindSoft's next MoW game will look more promising.8.5/10"
76561198046604850,Recommended,244450,10370891,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Shortz45,"Its way better than the metascore, its an amazing game, very strategic multiplayer"
76561198089116325,Recommended,244450,10814362,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,moot,good game but not really any diffrent than mowas
76561198018624619,Recommended,244450,11885604,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,That Canada,"scroll down if you want the basic review in Laymans terms.First of all I've played the Men of War Series since the ""Men of War"". So i've dealt with the disapointment from Men of war:AS and now here comes AS 2. Assault Squad 2 feels exactly like the first one with only a new leveling system which I both love and hate. For those who've played previous titles it works like this:You pick a nation and each nation you have a level in, based on how much you play them. (you can level up in single player which is nice). Most units you'll have right off the bat, even a Tiger I for the Germans which is nice having the heavy support. However everything else you have to unlock as you level up through games. This can be annoying as I play as Germans and I need a higher level to use any kind of Artillery. But I see the advantages as it does make you look into using units that weren't heavily used in the last games. But it does limit your tactical options in some cases.There is a new User interface and the infantry shows you their path finding when you tell them to go to a location. They're also not mentally ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ like in the last games. Which is good smarter AI makes me happy. There is even a timer for thrown grenades and explosives which is awesome to me.However despite these two great new features it does have a lot of draw backs. The models are mostly recycled and very little in the way of new stuff is on display. I don't see why this warranted a brand new game as there is not much of a new game on display here.The factions so far are mostly balanced which is something the original Men of War suffered, it was rare to see a game that wasn't Soviet Union v.s. Germany, however my friend did (narrowly) beat me as the Commonwealth.The maps are mostly nice I suppose.The single player suffers from the same problems as the last AS. It's boring. It follows the same pattern of attack this stongpoint, now attack this one, go attack that one. Finished? Great now defend your stuff for 10 minutes. It's rather boring ""Men of War"" had more narrated missions with some more interesting aspects such as stealth which were quite frankly some of the hardest yet most exciting missions ever.So lets cut this review down:Pros:Intersting new UILeveling systemAI pathfinding is much improvedcons:Lack of new unitsLack of innovationcould've done more with its leveling systemboring single player.so-soMaps68/100Is it worth full price?As it stands it is not worth $34.99, however it is currently %50 off and %60 off if you had the last AS game. At that price it is worth it, so its worth getting on a deal."
,Recommended,244450,11890408,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,X-RASHED,nice game i like it
76561198069030061,Recommended,244450,9559184,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Victory,great game and awsome campaign.
76561198079430195,Recommended,244450,11512824,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,FantaBanta,"A brilliant WWII strategy style game that operates on small scale skirmish battles that took peart within battles of WWII. This game does not require a high spec/gaming PC, but I would recommend Intel 5 or the equivalent processor as I have for it to run smoothly on medium - high graphics. Gameplay, performance, player created mods and historical accuracy of vehicles are all brilliant.5 star game for sure. Hope you enjoy as much as I have"
76561198126737177,Recommended,244450,11186582,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,milezboy,one of the best tactical games ive ever played fans of wargame will love it and its simpily a joy to play
,Not Recommended,244450,10233103,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Planet Coaster Enthusiast,"This is quite possibly the worst game I have ever seen which is the reason it has been on sale since it came out.  This game is terrible and there are barely any servers online.  The mechanics are worst than the first game.  Troops dont move where you tell them and things just randomly stop.  Games never last the full lengths because the servers on the game are terrible and ""desynchronize error"" is the error you will always get before the end of a game which ends the game abruptly.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME."
76561198039872957,Recommended,244450,9619264,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Donazo,Fans of the original will love MoW:AS 2. The same basic gameplay with fixed glitches enhanced interface options and graphics. (Like how in the original you'd never knowing where your medic bag has gone after your medic dies YES THEY FIXED IT!) Its a beta so it's still a little rough. The gameplay itself is alreadt pretty solid but the constant crashes when saving your game does slowly sap the fun out of it. I'm sure they'll fix it and am looking forward to future additions. :D Good job team keep it up! (Oh and Go Canada! More Canadian units is always welcome too)
,Recommended,244450,9642355,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Maniaqz,"As good as an original Men of War, which was undoubtedly one of the best RTS games in this setting."
,Recommended,244450,9889659,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Scribbles,Having only played the very 1st MenOfWar game this new game looks and feels alot better. Multiplayer is alot of fun! This review is based on the Beta version. So i am sure the full game will be even better :)
76561198069124075,Recommended,244450,9802413,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Lord General,♥♥♥♥ing get it
76561198121576254,Recommended,244450,9837062,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,m_sponauer,Great games .Needs more single player missions .
76561198001668415,Recommended,244450,9858285,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,THERAPIST OF WESSIN,great game works on linux mint with crossover
76561197994408776,Recommended,244450,9933107,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Spawnfärkäl,"Very promising game so far, its the kind of wargame, coh2 should have been, but disappointed!So if you were looking for a successor for coh... THIS is the game you should give a try!Even though its beta, the technical problem with the connections during internet matches are very annoying.In the case, they get this fixed, this is (together with wargame: rd) the contender for my game of the year so far."
76561198056587251,Recommended,244450,9837456,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Hebrew-Hammer,"Its great! I have played the hell out of the 1st assult squad and this doesn't dissopoint. Much better, Very wow."
76561197998771982,Recommended,244450,9903480,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,BloxHD,My words do this game no justice. . . . . . 10/10
,Recommended,244450,9923812,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,R. Shackleford,"The game hasn't been released yet so take this with a grain of salt.That being said:Men of War: Assault Squad is one of my favorite RTS games. It is realistic, it isn't too difficult and it is FUN! Yet I feel cheated out of the $25 I spent on Assault Squad 2 being that I own the first. The game truly has not changed. There are some new levels and a few new UI tweaks but the game still has the same graphics (not amazing, lots of dated textures), same cheesy voice acting (not a big issue), non-fluid troop animations and same pathing/ terrain handling issues that have plagued the first game. This is DLC level right now, not the next itteration.Now, if I see an upgrade in these departments or if you don't have the first, I would say it would be worth it! There are still a few issues such as soldiers not being able to pick up items off the ground or AI pathing messing up in Skirmish missions. things but those should be fixed by release. I will reccomend because I am hoping this will be fixed by release. It is no easy task the developer has ahead of them but I have faith they will pull through. Right...?"
76561198057509105,Not Recommended,244450,34956313,Posted: 14 September,all,Rhyloth,"tell a squad to go hide in a trench, on the way to the trench they decide to stop in the middle of an open field and get mowed down by a MGnice"
,Not Recommended,244450,25194183,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,✪Whimsy✪,"While Playing this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t game, i have never seen anything more cancerous and horribly developed, like, what the ♥♥♥♥! Do i need a ♥♥♥♥ing super computer to get decent frames on this? Do i seroiusly need to start stealing money from Nasa again to afford a ♥♥♥♥ing meca super PC that can run 400 copys of this game? WHY DO I RAGE AT THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥ IM ♥♥♥♥ING SMART AND COMMON SENSE DOES NOT EXIST IN THIS GAME! I ♥♥♥♥ING GOT SHOT FROM RAGEING AT THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥In Conclusion, this ""Game"" can ♥♥♥♥ off, i want my money back."
,Not Recommended,244450,15115847,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,a lost swam appeared,"Same♥♥♥♥ingGameIn debt review:Its the same ♥♥♥♥ing game as part I, youve been shekelized.If you dont own the first part it might be worth your while, but I feel rewarding this scam is not what you want to be doing with your money."
76561198012511478,Recommended,244450,17621074,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,DeerFox,Flame throwers vs tanks...... Flamers win
76561198031744807,Recommended,244450,10140402,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,☭☭☭☭Robert☭☭☭☭,a russian died.420/420
,Recommended,244450,12059607,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Rickford,"I have played the game and series for many many hours.  I will get right to the points I would like to make.I consider it the best game I have ever bought.   It delivers 100's of hours of game play.   Amazing visuals anddetails.  Everything can be blown up and in hundreds of different ways.  Features almost every type of ww2 weaponsystem you can imagine. I'm a  game artist and I know how difficult it is to make a game ""magical""  sleekand truly satisfying.    Bravo to the artists and studio.    I play mainly skirmish and with full graphics.   Highly recommended,"
,Recommended,244450,12756834,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,mcdillet,I love this game. It is enjoyable and calls for alot of strategy. it has a friendly user community and alot of action!
,Recommended,244450,12833633,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Rev,Repetitive but I love it.
76561197992156318,Recommended,244450,10141697,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,R'hllor,"Fantastic game! well done developers, nice job, if you like RTS, you should get this amazing game now, 100% recommended."
,Recommended,244450,11877165,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Eat your Fiber,This is a great strategy game where you can sit back and command or really get into the action and i recommend this game to all who would be interested.
,Not Recommended,244450,18268649,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Walla,"I hope you like OOS, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥."
76561198042432241,Recommended,244450,9619418,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Cheeki Breeki,"Fun fastpase tactical game with big multitasking need, Good strategy and a fun time"
,Recommended,244450,9621033,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,DownFall404,"Better then the first, game is coming along nice. BEST WW2 RTS GAME MADE."
76561198097422183,Not Recommended,244450,32853567,Posted: 27 June,all,Rednas,The standalone game does not have bot in MP.To get Bots you have to buy a DLC.Even on sale i still feel like i got ripped off.Download Call To Arms its the same game but free and have Bots.
,Recommended,244450,10020516,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Arrowstorm,"This game.. Not sure what to think of it just yet, truthfully.. All the Skirmish missions are just a copy and paste of the other with a different map. I'd hope for a little variety in the Skirmish missions, but I am certain mods will do that. (SirHinkel's Skirmish mod is a requirement at this point for variety)Other than the copy-paste Skirmish missions:-Graphics are beautiful-Gameplay is still fun-Rearming infantry is still a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥7/10 - Hopefully with more updates, more varied skirmish maps will be added that will add more flavor to the game."
,Recommended,244450,10035659,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Mk4UmHa,"This is a very good RTS game, very detailed and physics oriented. You need to have good and eye coordination and fast reflex along with the ability to out wit your opponent. Support and purchase this game if you like strategy. This is a very rare gem. Must Buy!"
,Recommended,244450,10038562,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Gold316,great game get it while its cheap u wont be sorry.
76561198063184502,Recommended,244450,10075120,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Demonic Pigeon,extremely impressed so far. if you like the 1st one you should be pleasently suprised with this one.
,Recommended,244450,11563124,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Count of War,"Great Ripoff of the first one, still holds a ton of fun plus some added, graphics some new type of gameplay but it needed more than just a little, still worth buying!"
,Recommended,244450,10405779,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,[9Pth] Jay,"Thoroughly enjoyed it. While, the game lacks a single-player skirmish mode, or something of the sorts, the campaign makes up for it: the campaign while repetitive - pretty much/ entirely the same missions/ scenarios for each faction. Is still worth playing. Looking forward to trying out multiplayer."
,Not Recommended,244450,34948146,Posted: 14 September,all,One Man One Pole,"be warned you cannot face the AI in skirmish mode!the DLC is purely for person v person online or lan,until this feature is added or patched in i cannot recomend this game"
,Recommended,244450,24734804,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,delicous__D,very fun highly recomend
,Recommended,244450,10301040,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,mmilikic01,Great Game to play 9/10
,Recommended,244450,10266777,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Гоша Рубчинский,GREAT <3
,Recommended,244450,11381482,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Thegrapejellyman,fun yuy
76561197980202442,Recommended,244450,11324789,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,hazlo,MAKE normal servers coz this is unplayable... and after that might more ppl play this...
76561198028279153,Recommended,244450,11319224,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Dominic,i need help every timei try to load the game it comes up with an error saying exceptionunknown action 'remove grass'please someone help how i get to play the game again
76561198095122924,Recommended,244450,11377194,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,S.S Sailor Jones,Love this game I can't stop playing it.
76561198042700177,Recommended,244450,11382989,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,distantlight2002,can only edit map !!!!
,Recommended,244450,11351947,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Mindset Matters,"Very good game, part 2 is basically just continuing development of part 1, so its nothing ""new"".Match based gameplay, PvP and co-op, mod support + editor and it works LAN.the game combines 3rd person shooter mechanics with strategy, you can control every unit on the field by youselfInfantry has health bars, while artillery and tanks have a damage system based on the partsalso it has a nice field of view system, hide in bushes or throw smoke grenades to be able to sneak upon your enemy, or build sandbags while the smoke covers you.5 nations of WWII, Germany, Russia, Japan, Britain and USA, all have their own units and tanks, which more or less balance in the normal gamemode!the first part ran its multiplayer over gamespy, which has been shut down recently so you can only play part 1 with LAN emulators like Tunngle, Evolve, Hamachi etc..."
76561198171685093,Not Recommended,244450,25096583,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,The_UncleCool,"I would recommend this game, but this morning I got an error. Just like some of the reviews below me. It's sad that the error is there, as this game is a wonderful game. But I would wait until this error is fixed. Other than that, great game."
,Recommended,244450,14644447,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,ey3ee,"Like a sequel to Sudden Strike (Best game ever ;). It has a steep learning curve, but after a few hours of playing its like company of heroes on steroids with real tacticts, but still alot of action. Especially on the mutiplayer."
,Not Recommended,244450,33062131,Posted: 30 June,all,Principality of Sealand,"The gameplay boils down to:get attackedhold off attackcounterattackThough fun at first, mission layout, objectives and tactics remain the same."
,Recommended,244450,34390881,Posted: 21 August,all,rb - free trips to ADX florence,Never tell your password to anyone.10:54 PM - Brian The Guy: game of the year^ i was steam messaged this as i booted the game up.. should i contact the police?
,Recommended,244450,11700958,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,KiO,"I personally am addicted to this game, If you enjoy RTS games and the 1940 (WW2) genre this game is definetly for you. As every game it has a collection of some would say bugs, Bit I do not think it affects the overall experience and never takes the fun away at all. Their is a compilation of many modes for you to enjoy whether that being Multi-player or single-player its a all round well built game and I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,244450,11495999,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,daddu35,"The game is very fun if your into the RTS theme. Theres actually lots of stuff too do in this. Skirmish missions,multiplayer, and most importantly the editor. IMO the editor can be fun for hours just messing around with units and making maps. It is really easy to use, just click and drop things. Also you will like it if your into the ww2 theme, there are lots of gear and vehicles for the player to use and create with. The devs did very good and if you like this game and want a modern theme, Call to arms will be out soon according to a dev so stay tuned to these devs.  Anyways i give this a 8.5/10 while its fun it can get boring if your not well into the theme, but its fun overall and the workshop gives you a chance to download mods easy with one click instead of going to a site like mod db and putting the mod in manually. Anyways this the end of the review."
76561197995282423,Not Recommended,244450,14779537,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Mormon_Jesus,was a great game.. then they started to patch it. now it freezes and crashes everytime me and my friend play. and all the mods no longer work.. really sucks.. i  really enjoyed this game.
76561198055238582,Not Recommended,244450,33229454,Posted: 4 July,all,tonyvjames,"I just didn't like it at all. I played it for about 30 minutes, trying to get into it and couldn't.The game play is too awkward.I really wanted it to be good but I just wished I hadn't wasted my money."
,Recommended,244450,10141409,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,ZedDEAD,"Honestly one of my favorite RTS, and possibly favorite game on PC. While it can be a bit rough to new players, once you get the hang of the controls and mechanics the game opens up. Multiplayer battle are a wealth of fun for hours and the leveling up system encourages you to play for a reason, which is quite nice in terms of the games longevity. Mods from the workshop never cease to amaze me and can keep you entertained for quite some time! If you like WWII RTS's, then this is exactly the game for you. I can easily recommend it to fans of this era for a fun and explosive time. Good luck stopping when you start playing!"
76561197994399525,Recommended,244450,10153987,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Kahoona2034,Excellent game.... prepare to lose hours playing
76561198057297051,Recommended,244450,10349136,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,CloudHead,this game is great but needs a longer campaign
76561198094837292,Recommended,244450,11431261,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,RED DOT,yes
,Recommended,244450,13006754,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Brian☠,Det sgu da et godt spil!
,Recommended,244450,13515505,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Jihad,good
76561198098565006,Recommended,244450,10018090,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Flyer99er: General of the North,"I recommend this game to any fan of strategy or real-time strategy games. I wasn't too sure of what to expect when I purchased it during a sale ($27.95 is a tad bit expensive for a game still in beta), but honestly, due to the game's endless modding capability and solid user interface, there is great replay value. Before purchasing this game, I had never played any of the Men Of War series, but I do think that this game is now one of my favorites. Edit- as of 9/24/15 there have been several recent updates improving greatly the performance of the game and nearly eliminating all of the notorious out-of-sinc errors. Great work devs, keep it up."
,Recommended,244450,10168356,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Peff Copher,If you are familiar with  original title of Men of War or it's other sequels this game has very little to offer...  Engine and graphical uprages (bugfixes) mainly. However this is good game with funny singleplayer/co-op skirmishes and smooth player vs player online play.
76561198091961224,Recommended,244450,11487751,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,leocervantes27,men assault sqaud 2 is awesome single player is the same as the assault sqaud but you downloaod defence and mission od on the steam workshop a nd multiplayer is fun as well because you dont known what tactic does the enemy player will deploy on you and have to be really smart of what unit to buy and where to pu them at. i give this game 8/10+multiplayer+download mission on steam wrkshop- singleplayer mission
,Recommended,244450,12132896,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Coyote,YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
,Recommended,244450,12839832,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,DUSTED,"MOW:AS is a great tactical WWII RTS, with the most realistic presentation with armor penetration values, individual soldier inventory, and terrific explosions. MOW:AS2 is the modern version, with Steam support and a new graphics engie (although some models have been resued).A strong recomend for any WWII fan."
76561198035711908,Recommended,244450,13461890,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Grunkle Stan,"This game is easily the pinnacle of RTS combat. Endless hours of fun destroying your friends with superior tactics. And the minute you get online, you get absolutley fisted.10/10 Would use AT grenades again.100/10 M8 Greyhound kills Kingtigers with APCR rounds."
76561198022487084,Recommended,244450,11876170,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Faen,"grisebra, bære å kjøpe!"
,Recommended,244450,12101743,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,A Hunter Must Hunt,"Absolutely amazing game many realistic elements as well as constant ""Workshop Content"" with a community willing to help i highly recommend this game"
76561198008358872,Recommended,244450,12189978,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,bogusazrael,Fun stuff
76561197992307676,Recommended,244450,13466380,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,CPT French Fries,"Just started playing this game and like all the other MoW games, it just keeps getting better. This game is perfect to scratch that RTS itch that I occasionally get, and the fully destructible environment is beautiful. Devs are (as of now) continuing to support and are actively writing anwers on the discussions pages which is a rarity!Get this game! I was lucky enough to pick it up on a steeply discounted sale, and I'm glad I did, but I would def pay full price if it hadn't been. Amazing game."
,Recommended,244450,10151480,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Promethean,"I love the MoW series, it is hard and unforgiving. I hated the first MoW because it was so difficult, but as with persistence, I grew to love it. MoW Assault Squad 2 is a prettier version of the first, to me it was significant enough to purchase. But aside all that, there's a reason I just want to focus in on for my love of this game.I'm a veteran. When I play with my civilian friends and I use simple tactical stuff you pick up in basic, such as bounding overwatch, THIS GAME REWARDS IT. I'll end up finishing a coop match with most of my infantry because I focus so much on micromanaging squads and teams in a manner of which I was taught and it works out well. Need to advance with four men? Two stay to cover, two run, then those two cover and the other two run. To go that much in depth with dozens of infantry across the map just to make a small group get into a necessary position is great. I can't say that for too many other tactical games and I love this one for it."
,Recommended,244450,12851140,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Gav_C,this is awesome
,Recommended,244450,12931327,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Löwe (P-NUT),the best rts ww2 game i have ever played. im a big ww2 guy so u can trust me! (ask away anyting about it i will moest likely  know) THIS IS WORTH EVRY CENT! (or whetever currency you use)
,Not Recommended,244450,28496440,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,#1 Mitur Banisdurty,"Editor is about as user friendly as a jar full of barbed wire and vinegar, and crashes ad-nauseam while building/adjusting fortifications."
,Recommended,244450,14911407,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,bumb,"(Recommend listening to sad music while reading)My Sherman was driving through enemy lines, blowing up krauts and running over at guns, an enemy Stug III fired and killed one of the crew, then fired again, the whole crew was killed but one, he jumped out, grabbed the 50 cal. off the top of the Sherman and procceded to gun down at least 30 infantrymen while taking heavy fire from multiple vehicles, he sustained at least 10 shots to his entire body while doing this and as he slowly died he lit a piece of tnt and went out in a blaze of glory in a massive explosion which destroyed a Whirbelwind tank and killed 5 infantrymen. Rest In Peace, Unknown.P.S. This actually happened, and was actually that dramatic(This review will be only about the multiplayer aspect of this game ((my favorite part)) singleplayer is still very fun, but even that is more fun with friends)I'll start by saying, this games' multiplayer, is hard, like really hard, especially against those guys that have like 500 hours and 300 games played, I can't tell you how many times I would just get absolutely destroyed by these people, and I really had no idea whatsoever how I was losing, so I decided to try to find out. I watched a couple youtubers before I played again, (Diplex Heated, Shermantor, Strat29) and the next few games I played, I didn't lose... as horribly as the last 20 games I played... and I watched some more in depth tutorials on what to do in -this situation-, and what to use to kill -that tank-, and now I've accumulated a few wins under my belt, (Not from any 500 hour players) and I love to play the game, if only to learn more, because almost no matter how long you play this game, there will always be that one strategy that you haven't heard of, or that one tank that you didn't think was useful at all until you used it once. I'd like to conclude by telling you this, you will lose the first time you play against a fairly competent player, but if you really dig deep into the strategys and details, and specifications, and really try to do well, you will do well. But if you just think that you will learn everything by playing, you are going to keep losing, and losing, and losing and that-I think,- is the reason most new players lose the will to play and decide to quit, and that makes me sad, because that's one less player to enjoy this amazing game. If this kind of game is not your style, I really don't know why you're reading this xD"
76561198006832485,Recommended,244450,10200986,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,The Sand Witch,Epicness and strategy at its finest
,Recommended,244450,10213471,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,MiniGedge,If you liked the 1st you will like the second one with the exception of the levelling system. Leveling up in this game seems pointless and gimmicky to me and it adds nothing to the game.
76561197962108346,Recommended,244450,10201892,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,[ΘX] majinojinn,Difficult to use.  Micromanagement is difficult and user interface is hostile.  But a fun game.
,Recommended,244450,14942886,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Pink boi #1,Explosions
76561198007292890,Recommended,244450,10280929,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,philster,game crashes when i enter load or save game. deleted entire game and reijnstalled it. still crashes
76561198057678256,Recommended,244450,13160970,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Rafnix,"Men of War Assault Squad 2 is one of the best WW2 games I've played.There are also awesome mods for the game.I can't even say anymore, because it's much to say about this game!I can only say positiv things about this game."
76561198192680897,Not Recommended,244450,25113521,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,scenicastle,It wont let me open the game because it cant load the map pak it says its unreadale or missing
,Recommended,244450,15750186,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Aurelian,"Good game, I have a lot of fun playing it. I run Windows 7 Ultimate and my PC freezes randomly during multiplayer games. This wouldn't be an issue if I didn't completely lose all exp for the country I was playing as, because when it freezes I have to task manager my game which doesn't grant exp. Most games I play are upwards of 70 minutes long so you can see where this would irritate me when it freezes after I have been playing for 65 minutes and victory is right around the corner. I would really like this fixed, but I would definitely recommend this game if you're interested in WWII or you love RTS's."
,Recommended,244450,13904492,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Teckademics,13/10 would buy again. Better than CoH2
,Recommended,244450,13932775,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Biologique,Insanely fun WW2 strategy game
76561197994652859,Recommended,244450,13703949,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Shadow,"Assault Squad 2 is a great and very complex RTS game, that is very unlike all the other RTSes that I played outside the Men of War series, especially if you play on higher difficulties. The learning curve is rather steep and as you start to learn the game there will be frustrating moments. But as you learn how to play you will be rewarded with a great feeling of accomplishment, when you see how you grew with the challenge and win your first skirmish on ""heroic"" (hardest) difficulty. When I started out I failed many missions on ""normal"" and thought ""how is this even possible to win on 'hard' ?"" Well it is - with knowledge and skill. I know few games in this genre that give you this much power to change the outcome of a battle with pure skill. You can take direct control of every soldier and vehicle and for example aim that one important grenade throw just the way you want it or position a tank precisely behind the ruins of a house, with just a window to shoot through etc.. Replayability is great, buildings can be destroyed, which makes for a very dynamic battlefield and you can hardcore micromanage every single soldier down to picking up equipment from fallen enemies.It has its flaws and will drive you mad at times, but still I highly recommend it to anyone looking for skill based RTS with a lot of micromanagement, complex mechanics and all around rather grim and realistic feel to it. Also check out ""Call to Arms"" once it is released. I'm having high hopes for it, although I haven't played it yet."
,Recommended,244450,13858798,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Øuantum3,best rts game ever.
76561198065638414,Recommended,244450,13953970,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Its lit.,Bang bang pew pew ratatatatatat pew boom
,Recommended,244450,13944893,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Calvin Harris.,Reminds me of Soliders: Heros of World War II by Codemasters.
,Recommended,244450,13766303,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,bigdeadsarge,This game is great for casual yet realistic world war 2 RTS gaming. Also one of the best Men of War games ever made. Highly reccommend for anyone into this type of gameplay.
,Recommended,244450,13884825,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,DumplingUK,"great RTS, A whole bunch of WW2 units in an action packed game. Every game is a barrel of fun. Would reccommend this game to any WW2/RTS fan."
,Recommended,244450,13708462,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,WizardMcMuffin,"Among all the strategygames I've played over the years, this series, starting with ""Soldiers: Heroes of world war 2"", via ""Faces of war"" to ""Men of War"", 1C Company have refined their game over the years.The brilliant idea of having the commander controlling one single unit with WASD, to the simulated armormodel of the tanks, and every unit having an inventory, makes this an unforgettable experience.I strongly recomend this game, and if you like the base game, you can easily expand your experience with the dlc released with the game."
,Recommended,244450,9573405,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,☠ ILLuSioN ☠,"please fix the fallowing1: AA-tanks get hit and after giving ordered repairs to the soldier, he just stop IDE ??!!!?? and go back to the tank .2: add more ammo to the infintry please , they run out fast , and add some ammo box and auto ammo salvig for them [that you can give the all order to the ammo box and they go take there ammo ]3: highLight the enamy we an't see them :( .4: point bar get incrie light Men of War: Assault Squad 1 , not like this one change it please .5: the IQ for ally soldiers are week almost enamy beside them tell they fire .6: i home this game go more advice in look and sound effects + other looking effets and fight effets ."
76561198033116907,Recommended,244450,29883765,Posted: 12 February,all,Testicular Cancer,"In the field of military theory, the operational level of war (also called the operational art, as derived from Russian: оперативное искусство, or the operational warfare) represents the level of command that connects the details of tactics with the goals of strategy.Operational art comprises four essential elements: time, space, means and purpose. Each element is found in greater complexity at the operational level than at the tactical or strategic level. This is true, in part, because operational art must consider and incorporate more of the strategic and tactical levels than those levels must absorb from the operational level. Although much can be gained by examining the four elements independently, it is only when they are viewed together that operational art reveals its intricate fabric.The challenge of operational art is to establish a four-element equilibrium that permits the optimal generation and application of military power in achieving the political goal. Viewing time, space, means and purpose as a whole requires great skill in organizing, weighing and envisioning masses of complex, often contradictory factors. These factors often exist for extended periods, over great distances and with shifting mixes of players, systems and beliefs, pursuing political goals which may or may not be clear, cogent or settled. Compounding factors, such as the opponent's actions, create further ambiguity.Operational-level strategy must continually inventory and weigh time, space, means and purpose, extrapolating from them outcomes and probabilities. To accomplish this, practitioners need both skill and theory, experience and knowledge. At the operational level, skills and experience must usually be developed indirectly, through formal training, military history and wargaming.Success at the tactical level is no guarantee of success at the operational level: mastery of operational art demands strategic skills. Without a strong grounding in the theory and application of operational art, a successful tactician has little hope of making the demanding leap from tactics. The operational level strategist must see clearly and expansively from the foxhole into the corridors of national or coalition authority. They must be aware of the plausibility and coherence of strategic aims, national will and the players who decide them. Successful operational art charts a clear, unbroken path from the individual soldier's efforts to the state or coalition's goals.While the emerging corpus of operational art and the establishment of an operational level of war are relatively new, operational art has existed throughout recorded history. Nations have long pursued political goals through military actions, and campaigns of any period can be examined from the existential perspective of operational art. Current schools of thought on the operational art share the fundamental view that military success can be measured only in the attainment of political-strategic aims, and thus any war can be analyzed in the terms of operational art."
,Not Recommended,244450,17508948,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Ross,It's so hard to control i messed with the settings and my game crashed at lest i thinkMore. (other things)If you know Company of heroes 1 or 2 Then you know the controls are esay  and the game play is lot like this but. The things you do are the here better1. You see from the sky like in the game2.In this game CoH (Company Of Heroes) Mods are the best this game sucks3. If you game crashs the loading the mobs take like an sec and it's done4 i'm done you can now live your life.
,Not Recommended,244450,28298967,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,BigSauce,"Worst AI in any simulator game. You tell it to do something and it just wont.  Interesting Concept, but♥♥♥♥♥♥AI system ruins this game for me."
76561198308195300,Not Recommended,244450,25181916,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Turtle3070,Units get stuck on EVERYTHING! The vehicle drivers can not turn a vehicle around to save their life.
76561198040560627,Recommended,244450,12955686,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Hvapsen,"Way better than Company of Heroes, this is CoH on steorids. :)"
,Not Recommended,244450,21375990,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Patch teh Otter (RL),"A surprisingly poor game for what I was expecting. The gameplay is repetitive and uninteresting, and the graphics try to be better than they are, resulting in an extremely hard to understand and just generally SEE game.The tutorial is HIDDEN, like they dont want players to even know what to do, the missions aren't interesting and take far too long to complete, and the games price is FAR too steep.I'd love to say some positives, but after taking my money and severely disappointing me, I can't think of any. This game is absolutely awful. DO NOT BUY."
76561198332844912,Not Recommended,244450,26013562,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,mischelleim,my one wont let me play skirmish
,Recommended,244450,31404671,Posted: 27 April,all,Lifey,It's a pretty good game.. NOT worth 30$ at all though.
76561198270928812,Recommended,244450,24716318,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Byrdie426,"I would highly recimend (can't spell) this game however, i have encontered a glictch where the games crash on the start up screen where the game crashes i have treied everything even delting and reinstalling the game>I personaly would wait untill a bug fix addressing this problem comes out>"
76561198209972260,Recommended,244450,29196410,Posted: 11 January,all,Comando511,The best RTS WW2 game i have ever played.
,Not Recommended,244450,12856157,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,kruden,It looks nice first time play this game ... but it crashes due to some game event. Bugs not properly ironed out which is a shame. Too bad can't recommend it ... keep out dev not very good with bug hunt.
76561198069721769,Recommended,244450,12867541,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Narwhal With Downs,"This game is simply superior to others in its genre.  The graphics, flow, and mechanics of this game are great. For example, in Company of Heros, two units can come upon each other in the open feet away and fight for about 80 years. In MOW, they will slaughter each other. So getting in cover is vital.I would look at this game above others.It's better."
76561198007282680,Recommended,244450,10162611,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,dajarvi,"Fantastic war simulation.  I would like to see a Vietnam version of Men of War done Assault Squad style.  I hope Men of War takes a new turn in the future with a Grand Campaign and army movements, kind of like Wargame did.  Men of War: AS2 still delivers fun, real-time tactics.  It really gets intense once the machine guns start blaring.Two thumbs up!"
76561198041532194,Recommended,244450,10330393,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,ThePrinceofPizza,THIS GAME IS SIMPLY AMAZING. one of the best Rts games available.
76561197967973198,Recommended,244450,12187589,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Smellfire,The Single Player is better than Call of Hereos 2. The AI is terrible though and unless you like to micro manage every aspect of every unit then it gets fustrating quickly.Decent game with good depth and lotes of variety of units. Loads of items that you will never use because they don't offer any value.
,Recommended,244450,12192755,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,qwertybirdy,Not CoH/10
,Recommended,244450,12845467,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Exile,"i guess this might be the best rts game in term of micro management, realism and ammo management, too bad you can't build building sort but you can recruit the army by the command point which given with limited point and  the same time you need to control the checkpoint for command point for support arty/help or summon army. The best part each soldier you can solely control in pov style and even given direct order. Most likely to involve sort roleplaying."
76561198079393093,Recommended,244450,12858262,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,=DRK= Fjumpis,It is the best RTS game you can find     ( call to arms next week!!!!!)
76561197991266291,Recommended,244450,12849312,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,SUCKAMANUTS,"Tons of bugs on initial launch, but they have worked to fix a lot of them. This game is probably one of the best WW2 strategy games. If you like C&C and all the classics, spend some time learning to play this game, its awesome!It's all common sense.. Spread your men out, always keep men around tanks to spot enemies, and dont rush MG nests! Great game!"
,Recommended,244450,12863179,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Sector Z,"""A Must Have""As somone who played ""Soliers Heroes of WW2"" way back when, this is the game ""Soldiers"" had the potential to be. Do not get me wrong Soldiers was EXCELLENT! This, this is amazing. totally blown away. I haven't played the original Men of War Assault Squad but I can say that this game is in itself a great purchase. It is moderatly easy to pick up on controlling aspects, and is a time sucker. The depth and level of carnage coiciding with the gore makes this a must have for the genre. By the end of the battle i can go back and see that fist tank i blew up and raid it of supplies if need be, and then bring those supplies up to the front line. The strategys are endless! I have yet to try the COOP mode and im highly anticipating a good time. It even comes with an editor to make your own maps and missions. If i could say anything bad about this itd be simply the music sometimes gets old but half the time your more concerned about dealing with ""How am i going to flank that tank?"". The voice acting is also annoying at times but they rarely interupt the gameplay and will only talk when absolutely neccessary. Overal 9.8/10     ""A Must Have"""
76561198061030512,Recommended,244450,12993386,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Tyr,10/10 a Yes ~Tyr the lawbringer
,Recommended,244450,20153840,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,†† Varyn Khatar ††,1. Stop looking at reviews2. BUY THE GAME !!!
76561198015719135,Recommended,244450,11990117,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,cjoh509381,"When I try to save the game, it kicks me out"
,Recommended,244450,12076283,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,МУЖИК,best tactical war rpg i ever played
,Recommended,244450,12848214,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,mikehobbit,"I recommend this game , much much like the first assault squad but with out the crashes and it has steam workshop. The game also has a working online maltiplayer. It is a well updated bettor working same game. I got this game for $5.99 with dlc on sale and I am happy with it. IF YOU HAVE NOT PLAYED ANY OF THE MEN OF WAR READ THIS this game is just plane better then its other options company of heroes the whole line It is better its like company of heroes is not worth the time , dont get me wrong i enjoyed playing company of heroes it just cant compete with the fun i have with this game. 10/10 somebody make a good cold war mod or let me know if there is one for this thanks . buy it dont hesitate."
76561198056279962,Recommended,244450,12862728,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,TheGamingPotato,"One of the greatest strategy games on Steam right now, you need to get this if you like WWII sims. Especially if you know your stuff, it will fell so cool to see the things that other games might not have. If they dont another good thing is the Steam workshop support. Make the things that you would want in the game or look to see if someone else already made it."
76561198097644296,Recommended,244450,16529840,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Sir. Arthur,"This is literaly the best World war II Rts ever made, well it would have been if the dvelopers took more time on it :'(- there are the unfixed bugs  that would never be fixed probably after 2 years or more- Its practicaly just the copy of the precious version of the game ""Men of War: Assault Squad""- Practicaly the same campaing missions- Bewary of the mods that you put in  ( may destroy the game )+ It now has a colaboration with the community workshop+ Slitely improved graphix form the previous game+ More sound effects+ a few new units+ few new campaing missions* if your are new to Men of War: Assault Squad then you probaly should buy this game cause its got all the dlc from the last vesion , insted of buying all the dlc with the previous game buy this insted. (only if you are interested in phurchesing this game). But for Vets like i, i don't advise to get this game cause its practicaly the same.Note: I have been a Gamer and a world war II  historian for a long time, and viewing this is quite sad, it should have the best Rts ever. Sadly the developers did not pay attention to it too much. But still if you are a World war II game collector like i then this is a good game to add to the collection.8/10"
76561198394089026,Not Recommended,244450,32956090,Posted: 28 June,all,Crazy_Stalin131,"I would only buy this game if it's on sale, the reson being, I don't think it's worth $30.00, and on top of that, It highly disregards singleplayer the missions are rather crapy (even for the Solviet Union) and it's hard to find a multiplayer match, also, most of the player that I run into on multiplayer kick me out of the lobby just becuase im a beginer, so, no, I would  NOT recommend this game."
,Recommended,244450,20151699,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,nokinoci,the best nothing to say about it
,Not Recommended,244450,20021133,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Kungfoocheese,Just get assault squad. not worth any money
,Recommended,244450,12853537,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,LilWeezyϟϟ,"Fun game but there is something wrong with my editor as if it is the old editor version, it is strange but this is a fun game"
76561197961365339,Recommended,244450,15076834,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,сшкт0,pls support
76561198105915781,Recommended,244450,11744477,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,alexander the not so great,"this is a great game if you love strategy games and WWII however, the levels in single player are repetative as far a objectives and targets go but the maps are amazingly diverse and I recomed it if you want a differant twist on RTS games"
,Recommended,244450,14738592,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Spy Kids Fanboy,this game is so unstable that if it was a table it would be an unstable table
76561198298375685,Not Recommended,244450,27587364,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,steffnn,Cant get the game started Keeps coming up with error message on loading. Not happy Jan. Its a problem that has been mentioned a lot on the forum so why no fix as yet.
76561198089893037,Not Recommended,244450,29518035,Posted: 27 January,all,Ruikuli,"Ai battle got chopped and sold as dlc scummy marketing tactic, overall poor ai and interface"
,Recommended,244450,16531195,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,vekejšn,>uses soviet tactics with germans>loses miserably>uses it with soviets>wins in a matter of seconds10/10
,Recommended,244450,13194323,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Smith2k,"Really great game, love single player missions created by community! :)"
76561198007363950,Recommended,244450,13153101,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Holy Diver,"This game is a lot of fun, true some same old content from one and some of the DLCs added into it from the last game, but some of the new features added makes it way easier to manage your forces, plus the GSM mod, adding in new factions, improves the game 10 fold.20/10, would play again, and again."
76561198080386624,Recommended,244450,19857451,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Norman Atomic,"Really great and fun RTS. I personally enjoy it a lot more than some of my freinds who own it because im a huge WWII buff, but anyone who likes a good RTS will love this game. Also, the modding community for this game is amazing. Hell, there is even a Star Wars mod so all the soldiers are storm troopers and they have blasters instead of actual guns.Overall, I give a 9.5/10 since it isn't perfect, but still a very fun way to pass time."
,Recommended,244450,19862887,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Mynextgengamer,"I love this game Series as it is a good Rts Game as it has replay value (Mods) also you can make your own missions,you can edit missions that are already in the game A.k.a the editor!"
,Recommended,244450,13202669,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,★SheRmaN_BiCePs★ (☪),best strategy game ever played :))
76561197983590470,Recommended,244450,11576494,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Dobson Minister of  Asswhoppins,"Hands down glorious multiplayer. This game has teh most facinating gameplay mechanics and really allows you to flex your strategic options. A game that provides more ways to skin a cat then ever before. Where everymatch feels unique and theres a sense of balance. Any unit has the potential to be a hero. Imagine your opponent has a tank at the front of a town guarding it's entrance. Moving up a small squad you recon the tank and the surrounding buildings, after surrounding it with a meer 6 men worth 100 points you decided to tackle this 1400 point monster with no help. In men of war you can take  a realistic approach to situations. so that tank just got a molitov down the hatch or an at grenade in the♥♥♥♥♥and the engine and ammo exploded into awesomeness. After this series all othere strategy games look like that ♥♥♥♥♥ with down you took to prom."
76561197970302089,Recommended,244450,11591204,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Rogue,A tactical sensation however greater access needed to the war arsenal of each country
76561198042045108,Recommended,244450,11671225,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Jhriel,love it similar to mosa1 =)
76561198172776874,Recommended,244450,16031874,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Walter O'Cash,I cant play game for no reason!aka desynchronisation ):
76561198024136071,Not Recommended,244450,11521995,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Ink O-O,"Men of War Assault Squad 1 was good, but 2? Omg horrible. No changes from 1. The game is horrible optimized. It's kinda unplayable. I had hoped that they would add strategic movements on squads in MOW 2, but no. When the soldiers move they get pwned by the enemy. I really hoped to see changes in Mow2, but no.. Sorry guys, it's not worth using 30 euros on this game. Buy i't on sale if you really want i't, don't use 30 euros on i't.Note: This is an old review. There have been some changes since then, the game have also been optimized a bit."
76561198065696299,Not Recommended,244450,25186852,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Allison Lee,The most annoying game ever due to the fact that the enemy artillery is rapid firing and you don't get a chance to move your troops.
,Not Recommended,244450,18152292,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,SampsonBlack,"I really liked this game before just to chill out and have some fun. Then the latest update came out.I had Star Wars the Clones of War installed and I had recently tested it, I decided it was time to go to the GEM Editor to mess around a little more. When I was entering GEM seconds after i got the update and then it said my mods were disabled. I went into the main game and when i checked the mods all of them except the FOW campaign were disabled due to incompatibility with the latest version.Haven't played it since."
76561198154465914,Recommended,244450,22912206,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Trolling_ #Rolling_,If anyone gets the Terminte Error file add me i know it fix.EDIT: The Game... is now better... Play it.Recomended With Mods And Extra Things..
76561198202202420,Not Recommended,244450,25387265,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,bagzzss,Game won't start once I downloaded a mod
76561198060773945,Not Recommended,244450,25281097,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Some dude (Rommel),some time later I instal it agane 2 see if it works now but nah too simple it still crash. i cant be f&%ked to fix it
,Recommended,244450,14726756,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Keweiler,Hard Game = Good Game.
76561198080279808,Recommended,244450,13776198,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,big boi,"1. This is a strategic game placed in the world war 2 era, that offers limitless fun. You are able to command and control USA forces, German nazi forces, British commonwealth forces, Soviet Red army forces, and finally the Japanese imperial army forces.2. This games not only allows you to control troops, but also artillery, AT guns, light tanks, medium tank and also heavy tanks. You are also capable of direct controlling any of those. Direct control is where you completely take control and don't have to rely on the AI to target and shoot at the enemies.3. There are downsides, however they can be fixed. There aren't many missions per nation, but with the help of workshop addons you can add much, much more.Id give this game 9/10, because if the missions where made just slightly better then it would be much better, example Russian campaign: the battle of kursk"
76561198007613867,Recommended,244450,13832044,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Death Dealer,awesome game once you play it and knows how its works its a lot of fun
76561198040629591,Recommended,244450,13727822,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,The Bung-Hole Wars of '69,"this game is alot like Company of Heroes, except more complex and historically accurate. all units have inventories, with varying ammunition types seperately and accurately modeled. alot of unique an d awesome vehivcles. I recommend it."
76561198003056610,Recommended,244450,13866227,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Reebo,Gillar man RTS så är detta helt klart värt att testa.
76561198045607508,Recommended,244450,13869655,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Ouiaboo,this game is pretty damn good.
76561198054870043,Recommended,244450,13963084,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Tye Tass,"Gr8 game m8, i r8 it a 8/8"
76561198130276296,Recommended,244450,13965072,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,J.Wallace,"its an amazing game, wish there was more US vs JAP skirmishes but its the best strategy game out there in  my opinion"
76561198017359869,Recommended,244450,13863540,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Feeder,"Played it while listening Classical symphony and using Heavy artillery, made me awe to see shells landing on the right time of the musical high moments. ;)"
76561198320512226,Recommended,244450,28522571,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Mr Chand,"Really good strategy game, if you get bored of the base game there are some really cool mods out there to spice it up a bit, like the Star Wars: Galaxy at War mod pack. Editor can be a bit tricky for begginers but it's a good game overall"
76561198050402162,Recommended,244450,16487069,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,sturmefe,"always better than kid game company of heroes, followed this game for long years never failed in terms of gameplay , details, and realism..."
,Recommended,244450,25376958,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Suov,Bolt action is uselessSemi-auto is a shameFull-Automatic Master RaceGet MG-42 comrade
,Recommended,244450,12944857,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Equaliser,"The mod support for this game is fantastic. The features of  direct unit control, realistic buller ballistics and squad based combat are a nice inculsion. There's not much story its all gameplay which is good. There's an editor so the battle posiblities are endless."
,Recommended,244450,12934339,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Stereotypical Gamer,"A big patch for MOW:AS1.However performance improvement is epic. And matchmaking is added, and  Steam servers were introduced (not dedicated just for browser.. matches are p2p).The saddest thing is the default on setting which is ""restrict units by level"" which sucks... Also what if someone had over 2000 matches in MOW:AS1? He is being kicked a like any noob who just started the game so there is a lot of rank racism in this game.Get it, because MOW:AS1 is dead thanks to gamespy closure."
76561198031283534,Recommended,244450,12990769,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,emranrgis,nice
76561198090036849,Recommended,244450,12939327,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,MidnightBeast97,"I am somebody who hasn't played the first installment of this franchise, so I don't suffer from the apparent lack of content after the first game. So basically, its a solid 7.5/10 for me. The gameplay is fluent, the models are fairly well detailed and varied as well as being historically accurate and relevant. What really annoys me is the stealth missions in the game (which are stupid and should be skippable) and the lack of a custom game mode, or any skirmish setting. These types of strategy games are so incomplete without the function to make your own match on your own map, and it really lets the game down, it generally just seems lazy from the developers on this.On the subject of lazyness, dont worry about not having enough time to play all of the campaigns for all of the factions, because each and every one of the campaigns are the exact copy of each other, only you field different troops and the map is different; not even the slightest bit of campaign variation.A simple custom battle mode and some innvative creation with the campaign would have this game rivalling Command and Conquer, and a strong 9/10 for me, but it has let itself down with the lack of content (surprisingly) in this installment, a dissapointment really."
,Recommended,244450,12973180,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Military furry,now iv have the last men of war assault squad now the skirmsh misson are kinda the same but the games really about the workshop and multplayer and stategy so i requmend these to die hard world war 2 fans and stategy player
,Recommended,244450,12972089,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Canaranjo,"The Men of War series has always been a good one,however it lacks innovation. With almost nothing different from AS1,and the lack of a decent campaign is another flaw.Thankfully the addition of a workshop makes up for it.Another factor is the lack of online players on the other MOWs.And lets be honest,you are going to have the most fun in multiplayer.I would advise to buy it under sale and have some friends to play with,otherwise you can regret this addition to your library."
,Recommended,244450,12976744,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Clint Eastwood,"I've had the Chance to sit down and play 5 Hours(at the time of this review) Men Of War Assault Sqaud 2. in the words of Lavelle Crawford: ""Let Me Tell You One Mo' Thang"",  This Game, Although what seems to be Kind of just like the 1st one, has improved from that. Personally, i've never gotten hooked to RTS Games of any kind, but MOW AS2 has me coming back for more. no joke. along with Steam Workshop support, this game has much potential that the wonderful workshop community is bringing out. if this is your first RTS, and you have either a PC like the Hammer of Thor, or Not(like me), You will want to play the hell out of this game. also forgot to mention that even playing this on easy difficulty can be a bit challenging if you arent being stratigic, But isn't that what makes the game fun? ill leave that for you to decide!"
76561198186632903,Recommended,244450,15616920,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,SOUTHERN,It is awsome
,Recommended,244450,14547292,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Decentpower,this game is TOTAL FUN its nice its long and you never get bored and you can drive your fuc-king tank straight in there butt-holes
76561198244867854,Recommended,244450,18261354,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,2.mot.br.,"Incredible harmony between fun experience and difficult planning...tactics, strategy, fun, it has it all. Definetly recommended =)"
,Recommended,244450,13460933,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Dae,This game rocks! I stumbled on to it and have been able to stop playing it in my free time.  the units actually go where you tell them to.  lol Check it out I think you will love it too
,Recommended,244450,15728162,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,☭Comrade Glory☭,You can drive tractors in this game.10 Tractors/10 Tractors
,Recommended,244450,17304383,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Dreamweaver,"One of the best strategy games I have ever played, and one of the best series along with other Men of War titles. I am enjoying the skirmish a lot, but I am longing for a single-player campaign in a future DLC.e"
76561198115431670,Recommended,244450,15148613,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Regi Catholico,I cant get any closer to the horrors of the eastern front without hiring fritz and Ivan to duke it out in my back yard. 10/10
76561198104811937,Recommended,244450,15310189,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,LIL NIGGAR OG DIL,this game is amazing if you like all belowwarworld war 2strategycotrolling your own armymultiplayerthen this game i 100% recomned for you
76561198096882478,Recommended,244450,17160295,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Commander Boreale,Its ok i give it a yes but when i do skrimish i crashes alot.
,Recommended,244450,17306595,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,meme,One reason to buy this game is 1. Perfect
,Recommended,244450,15806030,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,JG,im new help me out
76561197972365724,Recommended,244450,17302034,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Grayhamule,great
,Recommended,244450,13534373,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Jüncoph,Good overall gameplay but the vehicle physics are a bit lacking when it comes to collisions.
76561198091739579,Recommended,244450,16347784,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,knights of the shadows,great game and any know why the cam in the editor is broke
,Recommended,244450,16416949,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,7thOH(Co.B) Cpt.Lking2002,"Men of War Assault Squad 2 is an excellent game. Some people have said that it is exactly like the first, and it somewhat is. The thing that I really like though, is the mods. If you go to Men of War Assault Squad 2 workshop, there are hundreds of mods. I recommend this game."
76561198093145794,Recommended,244450,16426734,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,BULLDOG WO,If you like strtegy games like Total War this is exactly what you need!!!
,Recommended,244450,16427984,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Deadpool_NJ,lots of fun with historical weaponry .
,Recommended,244450,16365320,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,idl0r,Insert some text here.
76561198154526407,Recommended,244450,16370448,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,[1stFL] Rebel Leader,good game but i recommend to buying men of war assault squad  before buying this one. Just to get the feel for the game. Other then that all of the men of wars are awesome and the DLC's to and recommend to getting them all.
76561198175150633,Recommended,244450,16351077,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Sir Markson,good
76561198090882964,Recommended,244450,22378317,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Von Liberte,The people who made this game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥! Stop ♥♥♥♥ing up the game you fat ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s
76561198173226821,Not Recommended,244450,20763500,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Josniff1,There is no skirmish mode.All campagins are exactly the same.Factions dont really differ all that much.I would pay no more than $10 for this game.
76561198082835303,Not Recommended,244450,24212552,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Wotan2666,"♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t dont Buy it, i love this game series but after the last update they totaly screwd up a lot of players cant play have an issue to start the game devs are doing nothing ..."
76561198102898390,Not Recommended,244450,29550252,Posted: 28 January,all,Cactus Canyon,"I really like games like this but... The editor is why I bought it, it took me 1 HOUR to finnaly figure it out, And it was SOOO Boring!!!!!"
76561198215986211,Not Recommended,244450,32095635,Posted: 31 May,all,schrodinger,doesnt even work anymore no matter what i try
76561198070862514,Recommended,244450,26449666,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,MizMage,"This games great, but i have two problems.1 -Tank spam is much too effective. 2 - Once you're dug in, almost nothing can get you out."
,Recommended,244450,15230312,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Reina,:/ wat the
76561198044902407,Recommended,244450,30675918,Posted: 22 March,all,xXROUGEXx,"Lets see, where to begin.1.)The Single Player ""Campaigns"" are fun the first time through, after that they are basically ALL copy pasted.  For instance the 1st mission as Germany will basically be a copy paste of the first mission as the Russians.  So ya, very little work went into the ""Single player aspect"" from the devs, but there are some AMAZING mods that add a ton of content.2.)This game makes it's name by being ""Realistic"" to some extent, but what really turns me off is how fragile the tanks are.  Sure your Tiger/IS-2 is pretty much impervious to other tanks, but heres the deal. One infantry guy sneaks up to them, they are dead. One AT Grenade is enough to snuff a tiger, rather than just blowing off the tracks or causing superfical damage, no one AT grenade is enough to kill an IS3.3.)Over all the game is fun, especially once you get into mods, so the game gets a ""Slight pass"" from me."
76561198013536145,Recommended,244450,30677324,Posted: 22 March,all,likesrustyspoons,"If you're like me, and you've always wanted an rts game that felt as realistic as possible, without making it boring, then have I got a game for you!First off, units have a limited supply of ammunition, grenades, first aid kits, explosives, etc per soldier. Now, this IS NOT a bad thing, as it adds an air of suspense when it comes to pushing your attacks forward or defending, you have to keep your weapons firing, and your men in good health. To do this, you can loot ammunition, and supplies from dead enemies (or friendlies), capture a control point and resupply at the large cache of crates there, or bring up a supply truck (keep it covered by buildings and decently far away from your front line, you don't want it exploding while you've got two squads resupplying). And your troops will always share ammunition between the squad automatically as long as they are close enough to eachother.Second, vehicles have crews in them. If your tank is destroyed, the crew may still be alive and able to fix it and get it back in the fight! This is especially handy, because anti-armor weapons and tank rounds ACTUALLY work in this game and vehicles can effectively one shot eachother a lot of the time.Third, you can actually save your men from an untimely demise with medics in this game! Most times if one of your mens health reaches zero, he'll be incapacitated and start bleeding out. From there you have a limited amount of time to get a medic to him to revive him. Just make sure the rest of your squad is covering the medic while he does his job! I've probably saved a battalions worth of troops just by always attaching one medic per squad.Fourth: There's a kick♥♥♥♥♥Star Wars mod in development for the game that you can download and play, and a TON of people have made maps and mission packs for it!All of these were things that I personally always wanted in a game, but... It wouldn't be a review if I didn't mention the bad too...1. German tanks are OP. They have much better armor and weaponry than most tanks in the other factions. Typically if I wanted to take out German tanks, I either needed an anti tank gun, or I had to hide troops somewhere the tank was about to pass by and hit it with AT weapons and AT grenades. Reason being, as I mentioned earlier, tanks and vehicles can one hit eachother. There's nothing more frustrating than using your dwindling funds to call in a brand spanking new Sherman from battalion HQ, only to have it get demolished as soon as it reaches the front lines, and your crew that managed to survive and crawl out of the wreckage can't repair it.2. Missions repeat eachother. Basically the first mission in the American campaign is the same as the first in every other factions campaigns. Same goes for the second mission, and the third... You get the idea. The maps aren't quite the same, but they will follow the same basic layout, and have the same objectives.3. Machine gunners in each squad don't carry enough ammunition and always run out WAY before anyone else in their squad will. The only counter measure to this is to loot dead enemies for their precious machine gun ammo.Even so, the cons I've stated are really only minor gripes compared to just how good this game really is. I HIGHLY recommend it, especially if it's on sale."
76561198049812433,Recommended,244450,30729181,Posted: 25 March,all,LeoN,"After sinking 30+ hours in to this game with my friends, i can say that i have not have this much fun with an RTS title since Command and Conquer. The combat system is both fun and complex and feels flavles at times. Men of war: Assult squad 2 is a must have for RTS and Stratergy lovers!"
76561198282225790,Recommended,244450,29130924,Posted: 8 January,all,Neeeez,A very good game. I like it.
76561198272151864,Recommended,244450,25211139,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,SpecificDolphin,"Yep worth the money i paid for it, YEP, YEP, YEP, YEP, get it now."
76561198092203501,Recommended,244450,26858249,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,TheGatcz,It´s very good strategy and its great fun to decimate your friend´s units :)
76561198170187378,Not Recommended,244450,24381444,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,HIM,The Game would not work after the first and i followed the thing that i was told in the trouble shooting bye the dev of the game but it woould not work no matter what
76561198303258479,Recommended,244450,33686975,Posted: 20 July,all,Jayson,IS tEh gUUd
76561198009000470,Recommended,244450,16063784,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,kelva714,"Very fun and doesn't get old, also multiplayer is great."
76561198129259063,Recommended,244450,30303626,Posted: 3 March,all,Rookie 052,A very uniqe RTS game with it's systems.The game mechanics are easy to learn for somebody who is willing to take the time.
,Not Recommended,244450,22452710,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,metafa,No Tutorial? Vertical maps? WTF? I want my money back
76561198154240553,Not Recommended,244450,32244854,Posted: 7 June,all,Caecilius,"false advertisement, not fun at all, and basically the most time consuming thing ever. sure maybe the one or two missions you get to play before♥♥♥♥♥♥gets impossible is pretty fun, but if you ever wanted to play single player, you're going to have to pay even MORE money for something they said was free."
,Recommended,244450,17346617,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Dms110,"Very good game, reccomended to anyone who likes RTS's and/or are into learning about WW2High realism and high potential, this game is amazing for anyone and everyone.There are a fwe cons, like a not-that-good GUI/HUD , but tis still an amazing game for anyone who has several hours to spend a match in a smart-mans WW2 RTS"
,Recommended,244450,12150507,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,CrazyCelt,"I like it, but feels like Assault Squad 1 with better graphics."
76561198040835487,Recommended,244450,12870473,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,AgeOfEpicness,GG no re
76561198055980098,Recommended,244450,13246005,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Rand Paul,i cant get it to work an error involving bazooka acuracy keeps shutting down the game on the loading screen. though i  would like to enjoy it.
,Recommended,244450,20296617,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,morganlee,wastes your friends lives. buy at discretion
76561198062781570,Recommended,244450,12870544,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,mikepack99,"THIS GAME IS SO FREAKING ADDICTING!! Its a very steep learning curve but the skrimishes help lower the learning curve. I am not that good at multiplayer. for example, I was playing a 8v8 match where I was the US and the opponents were Japan. Apparently I need to work on my anti tank tatics because the japanese tanks overan my infantry.... Well If the developers of this game reads this. They should add like a non scripted ai custom battles, that would be awesome. 11/10"
,Recommended,244450,12892851,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Aerexon {IPMAM},"Great tactical RTS, the ai can mess up but this game is still extremely fun! Ill post a full review in a while but im too busy currently!"
,Recommended,244450,12896183,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,WiickeN,"This game is the best World War 2 war game i've ever played.If you like playing strategic war games, this is the game for you!"
,Recommended,244450,13070747,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,☣|§pétžnæž™|☣,Men Of War: Assault Squad 2 I think is a simply amazing game but my only reason to ever dislike such a game is iy's nearly a complete replica of the first assault squad which i think was only created to bring multiplayer back to Men Of war: Assault Squad.
76561198006626101,Recommended,244450,13110609,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,(╯‵□′)╯︵┻━┻,"When a sequal came out.Game is exactly as before, ""OMG THIS GAME IS EXACTLY THE SAME AS LAST, COPY AND PASTE, NO INOVATIONS QQ 1/10""Game made some changes, ""OMG THEY CHANGED THE GAME WTF, THIS ISN'T THE GAME I KNEW, I JUST WANT A VISUAL UPGRADE OF THE OLD GAME. 1/10"""
,Recommended,244450,13488123,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Aldo the Apache,Detriot Simulator
76561198086589093,Recommended,244450,15212411,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,War Wallace,i love this game i tried it out when it was free it was so awesome
,Recommended,244450,17162531,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,N_Trainz,Best game ever! Now it comes with Steam Workshop to add even more missions for more fun!
,Recommended,244450,12868677,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,MasterBLaha,"BEST RTS OF ALL TIME!~ Men of War Series is just tooo PWN! The new Assault Squad 2 release sets the grapics bar up a notch with Direct x 10/11. This game isn't for Noob Console Casuals, it's for serious PWNAGE! You can't just make 50 tanks and win you have to be smart and not a noob srub! Finally after the games of Starcraft, Age of Empires etc… Men of War brings you the NEXT GEN RTS Experience!"
,Recommended,244450,26262640,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Deus_Drone,This is possibly the best combat RTS game ever.The level of detail on the units as well as the complex game mechanics makes it very replayable.
76561198209000379,Not Recommended,244450,22409470,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,ChickenL3gz,Would rather have my $7.99 back
76561198078500347,Not Recommended,244450,33278238,Posted: 5 July,all,Losmi87,The game dont run good with mods it mounts mod indefinite and screen is black and nothing hapens full of bugs with mod.
,Recommended,244450,30703978,Posted: 24 March,all,Gameslopedy.com,Very good game
,Recommended,244450,19363992,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,iNoOne101,Best Flight Simulator
,Recommended,244450,19443608,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,cluster626,"-Play with 3 friends in local coop-captured several strategic points, earned enough resource points to get a Japanese 280mm rocket laucher truck. One of us had control over that unit- the others tried to advance and encountered heavy fire from the enemy- called for the 280mm rocket strike- the 280mm rocket fired- it missed- had to be suppressed by enemy fire for 3 min to wait for the 280mm rocket reload.- reload is almost complete- an enemy scout tank broke our defence line, found our 280mm rocket truck- it got destroyed- blaming us for no protection to that 280mm rocket- restart the mission together- 10/10"
76561198119786345,Recommended,244450,15330906,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Literally Hitler,God have mercy on the poor chap that has to face the Ho-Ri 2.
76561198057832450,Not Recommended,244450,28867670,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Tinglykorv mos,"I only have 1 thing to say about this game, 10-20 FPS on a GTX 970 + AMD FX8320 rig, not acceptable."
76561198002734607,Not Recommended,244450,25890274,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Beckett,Just started the game and on the first auto save the game crashes to D....7 times in a row...tried to fix it with the local files verification tool on steam..but no go...so the game haves 30 minutes instlled on my PC and still can not play it !
76561198191158687,Recommended,244450,25114276,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,purplguy00021,it wont work
76561198041825687,Recommended,244450,16491612,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Modders apprentice,Really good
,Recommended,244450,25131055,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Swhg,That ♥♥♥♥ing IS-3.
,Recommended,244450,30482457,Posted: 12 March,all,Sinowha,good game but it stopped working for me i cant get it to launch it just says preparing to launch
,Recommended,244450,16227610,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,ДРГ неукрощенный,Good RTS and takes awhile to get use to. In my opinion its not as good as SHOWWII but is a good ww2 RTS!
76561198100780512,Not Recommended,244450,21258764,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Frosky,"this game is so♥♥♥♥♥♥ the AI dont obey, when you tell them to run, they shoot. when you tell them to shoot, they run. its such a shity♥♥♥♥♥game. it brings so much stress its not even funny!"
76561198168814387,Recommended,244450,25374038,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Dutch Mapper,Best game ever.
,Recommended,244450,19730168,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Apex_FFAK | Nykterist,█▀▀ㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ▀▀█▀▀ㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ █▀▀▄▀▀█ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ ㅤ █▀▀▀ㅤ▀ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤㅤ ▀ㅤㅤ ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤ █▀▀ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ▄▀▀▄ㅤ█▀▀▄ㅤ █▀▀▄ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█▄▄▀─────███────██──────████───███────────████──███─────────████─█████████████──██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████─────█████████████████────────██████████──█───────────█████──────────────████──────────────█────────▄███████▄██───███▄▄──▄▄███──────▄██$█████$██▄██──█▀───▀███────█───▄██$█████████$██▄██──█───█──██───█─█──█$█████████████$███──█──────██─────█──███████████████████──██────██▀█───█─────██████████████─█───██████──▀████───────███████████──────────────────█───────█████████─────────────▀▀████──────███████████────────────────█▀──────██───████▀─▀█────────────────▀█──────█─────▀█▀───█──▄▄▄▄▄▄▄────────██────█───████▀───██─█████████████────▀█──█───███▀──▄▄██─█▀██▀██▀████▀█████▀──█───██████▀─▀█─█────────█▄─────────██───████▀───██─██▄████▄──██────────██───██──▄▄▄██──██▄▄▄▄▄██▀─────────██──█████▀───█─────────███────────███████▄────███────────███████─────█████████████───────▄██████████████████████████████─██████████████████─────────██████████████────────███████████───────█████──────████─────████ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀▀█▀▀ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ█ㅤ▄█ㅤ█▀▀ㅤㅤ ㅤㅤ ㅤ ㅤㅤ█ ㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█▀▀▄ ㅤ█▀▀ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀ㅤ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀ㅤ▀ㅤㅤ▀ㅤ▀▀▀█▀▄▀█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ█▀▄▀█ ▄▀▀▄ █▀▀▄ █▀▀ █ ㅤ █ㅤ██─▀─█ㅤ█▄▄█ㅤㅤ █─▀─█ █ ㅤ █ █ ㅤ █ █▀▀ █▄▄█ㅤ██ㅤㅤ █ㅤ▄▄▄█ㅤ ㅤ█ㅤㅤ█ ─▀▀ ─ ▀ ㅤ ▀ ▀▀▀ ▄▄▄█ㅤ▄
76561198274441848,Recommended,244450,34262371,Posted: 15 August,all,Liamoo7t03,love dat editor
,Not Recommended,244450,14858229,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,B3N_x_G,"its the same game as the first assault squad but if you really want it i'd say get the game on sale, download mods, and never buy the ""DLC"" you could get faster and better content from the workshop for no money and have more fun then what the devs can put out in months"
76561198012181142,Not Recommended,244450,19911541,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,[82DK] Hexagoner,"This game is a scam! Read before you buy:I bought it because I love MOW1 and I wanted more content... This game is an EXACT copy-paste of MOW1 sold as a sequel! Same missions (no kidding), same units, same UI, slightly better graphics... Even the menu and the loading screens are the same!A lot of developers give this kind of content for free as a update... These guys are trying to sell it as a different game... It's a real scam.I always give games a chance, even if they have a lot of negative reviews. But if you already own MOW1, DON'T BUY THIS! MOW1 was a great game and it's a shame to see it's name wronged because of dishonest developers.I have just requested a refund, and I encourage everyone interested in this, to buy MOW1 instead or ask for refunds if necessary."
76561198229889216,Recommended,244450,32746596,Posted: 24 June,all,xrgB Society.gg,Good:)
76561198061895122,Recommended,244450,15064644,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,The Pole,FIxes the many problems that plagued the first and just an all around great game
76561198131769722,Recommended,244450,17784511,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Queen Glory,Having my Tiger 2 killed by a greyhound makes my day.
,Recommended,244450,29749234,Posted: 6 February,all,General Steahk,W  O  K  E
76561198205580480,Recommended,244450,25082639,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,lil Johnny,i can't play this game as when ever i press play then select a type of play mode it says there is a resource pak/map pak not working please help
76561198147781201,Recommended,244450,29872403,Posted: 12 February,all,Nathan the Legionare,Very Fun!
,Recommended,244450,15836463,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Sherman,I really like this game but I never play it because my♥♥♥♥♥sniffing sissy tier big black♥♥♥♥♥♥worshipping ♥♥♥♥♥♥ friends whine about it being too realistic
,Recommended,244450,16900944,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Volk,"Edit: As of the 11th of August 2015, the Out of Sync issue has been resolved by the devs.Out of Sync.Out of Sync.Out of Sync.Out of Sync.Out of Sync.Out of Sync.Out of Sync.Out of Sync."
,Recommended,244450,16828702,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,cody the poor,from what im able to play it seems like its a realllllllllly goood game but the issue it has. that it will freeze when your playing :{ but all in all 30/10 if it wouldent freeze.
76561198198464831,Recommended,244450,17140689,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,kensan22,Mods make all the difference. Really very good. Love the units
76561198007295762,Not Recommended,244450,17557406,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,agentdiaz,Not to happy with how this game has been turning out.
,Recommended,244450,17243297,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,LordVen,"Check bottom for a TL;DRFirst things first, There is a basic tutorial that doesn't teach you everything about the game, so you need to experiment.Second off, it's not your average strategy game. There are many different things about this game compared to other games around, like no real bases that build units.Third off, Vehicles are strong. Very strong. If you want to counter a tank, you actually need grenades or rockets, or another tank to fight it off.Now to show off what I think are pros and cons.Pros:-Great for quick RTS games (Usually)-Vehicles feel strong or scary, a German Tiger is a terrifying sight in this game.-Graphics aren't over/under-prioritized.-Cover is Prioritized.-Continually updated.Cons:-Infantry AI needs some work.-Sometimes it gets a bit frustrating fighting with a unit's pathfinding and such, in a way that your infantry always run into machine fire and die.-Vehicles might be a little too broken.-Cover is sometimes a hard thing for the unit Pathfinding to comprehend.-If you are a solo player, AI battles are DLC.Neutral:-Mods sometimes work, alot of the older mods are out dated, and those that aren't crash on high-settings (Just drop settings, even if it IS ugly)I'm going to try and cut this short, so i'll skim over some stupid things, and focus on the big things.Men of War Assault Squad 2 is an action/RTS with a large focus on battles and less of a focus on building bases. Now those of you looking for a base builder shouldn't shy away, as you can organize with your friends and set up locations on the map that are deeply fortified. Anyways, The game has Five sets of missions, each focused on one of five factions, that feel really different than each-other. The biggest focus is those giant battles where its mostly chaos. Honestly though, me and another friend found it hard to have any kind of battle when you could just be spawn camped, then repeated on some maps, so rules need to be set, as well as it is almost impossible to control the AI. Truth be told, the Infantry AI is terrible, just absolutely Terrible. half the time they run to their deaths, other times they don't move for 3 seconds with a grenade under them, then finally move at the .3 second mark. it's really crap.On the bright side, MODS!TL;DR:1 Go look for some let's plays.TL;DR:2 This game is a WW2 action/strategy game, with lots of battles and tanks and good stuff."
76561198043847819,Recommended,244450,13772689,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Ooga Booga,"I really like this game because it simulates a very realistic war environment. The missions are fun, hard, and require a very strategic mindset in order to complete them. The combat is balanced, and the AI is decent.The only real flaw I have with this game is the enemy AI, on the otherhand, is a little short of braindead, but the game is still fun after every replay."
76561198026363922,Recommended,244450,13834436,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Death Korps,No complaints best rts I have ever played.
76561198035435822,Recommended,244450,13799684,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Bender the Offender,"Amazing in its tactical depth. The spiritual successor to the Steel Panthers series, Men of War: Assault Squad 2 is an experience to play. Not for those uninitiated in playing real time strategy games. This isn't simple rock/paper/scissors (in the style of C&C Generals) nor is it nitpicky number blasting (in the style of Starcraft), every unit has the capacity to devastate every other unit in rapid fashion. Careful attention needs to be paid to the enemy's actions as even what seems like an insurmountable advantage can be wiped out in moments with an unexpected counter-assault. As long as you have units you have a chance to win. The same is true for your opponent, human or AI."
76561197989177711,Recommended,244450,13814173,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Baron von Felty,"From reading other reviews it seems that this game is not much different from the first, however, if you are like me and have not played the first, this is a pretty good WW2 game. In my opinion I enjoy this game a great deal more than I did Company of Heroes. In CoH, you spend much of your time micro managing buildings and capturing points. That is great if your are a traditional RTS fan of Star Craft. MoW does away with the buildings and I feel that less is more. It makes up for the lack of buildings by allowing a greater micro of the units. So you are more focused on managing units in combat rather than worrying about building queues. In that regard, it reminds me of the the venerable game, Close Combat 3. That said, this game isn't as perfect as CC3, but it comes close. One touch that I really love is that you can press 'E' while a tank is selected to control it manually with the mouse and WASD. You can switch between HE, AP, and machine gun in this mode so you can often take fortified infantry with a well placed HE shell that the AI cannot come up with.Personally, the single player part of this game is all right, but where it shines is multiplayer. I have installed a great mod available on the workshop called ""GSM Fields of Honor XI (Multiplayer Mod)"" and it is a blast. The games are very rock paper scissor in infinite multitudes. Let us say the opponent has set up sand bags with machine gun nests. I can take it out with a tank. If the opponent is smart he has set up a machine gun nest with AT guns, tank support, and a machine gun. Well, it is time to get artillery and bombard the bejesus out of him. I have had a few games with a great fun of arty duels between german rocks and russion 150mm. One time I got fed up and just got a PzIII to bumb rush the artilary and run over the gun to destroy in manual mode. It is much more fun than CoH ever was. Worth the $8 I picked this game up on a sale. I think its worth at least $25.Now to give a fair review, the MP has issues. Eight player games are sometimes laggy and people drop out all the time due to connection issues. Six or four player games are more reliable. There is also NAT issues, but it uses the Steam networking so you do not have to sign up for a 3rd party account (just uses your Steam identity), but you can fix that by adding Steam ports to your port forwarding."
,Recommended,244450,13853049,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Christiansen,Ahahahahaha you get to blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up! 10/10
76561198156476624,Recommended,244450,13793373,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,michaelcarp2001,I cant even get on anymore
76561198306617463,Recommended,244450,32114074,Posted: 1 June,all,Serious Sam,This game is great. Highly recommend this game if you're interested in world war II history.
76561198106173072,Recommended,244450,24308396,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,UltraSmurfs,"same thing as Men of War: Assualt Squad 1 just with the workshop and a bit better graphics, and this litterly just army men battles as a game. so a solid 9/10. btw this game will challenge you a bit."
76561198012791099,Recommended,244450,15102305,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Sennachie,"Always a good game, now even better!"
,Recommended,244450,15744089,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Noblezim711,"This is a great game, it has many of the things that we enjoyed from the first version with some new features. This game stands out from other RTS games, due to the ability to control the units, and the decent AI system it utilizes. I highly recommend if your are looking for a game you will play again, and again."
,Recommended,244450,14516916,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,sheepdog2142,"Fun WW2 game with good detail. Needs allot of work to be more then a B rated game with to many bugs to justify the $40 price tag.Pros:Tones of units, Direct Control of units, Allot of maps, Indepth cover system, modding supportCons: Terrible AI tracking, NO AI Battles only pre scripted crap, Low detail and weak models, Unstable, and poor optimazation.I love playing this game with friends but only with the GSM mod."
,Not Recommended,244450,35301941,Posted: 29 September,all,ORB,"`l cant play GEM Editor, because skirmish mode its locked, why????"
,Not Recommended,244450,25160304,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Fuck S͘team,"♥♥♥♥ 1c company, a bunch of scam artists. i used to like their company and games for many years, but now they dont put out any games only scams. this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ scam is really no different from assault squad 1. maybe there is some really minute♥♥♥♥♥♥like the dust particles from car tires look 10 percent sharper, but nothing that any normal person will give a ♥♥♥♥ about or notice. the last update for this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game totally broke it. now you cant play with mods (see: the only reason anybody even ♥♥♥♥ing plays) until you roll back the patch which is impossible on steam the last time i checked.now instead of fix the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of problems, glitches, crashes in this game they decide to make a new game called ""Men Of War Assault Squad 2 Men Of War Origins"" or some stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥ this new scam is exactly like men of war assault squad 2 and is no different except for stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥once again like the amount of anti-aliasing used on a single bolt on a tank. too bad that once that game comes out theyll probably shut the multiplayer down for this game like they did with assault squad 1 and original men of war so you have to buy the new gay one to play with friends. and for all the people who say ""well that was gamespy"" yeah they could have updated those games to work on steam servers but instead chose to market it as a whole new game thus stripping their idiotic fanboys of another 60 or 70 dollars while adding literally nothing.every improvement is a total ♥♥♥♥ing lie. mods do more revolutionary♥♥♥♥♥♥with the game engine than the devs ever do. the new game will be no different just as this game was no different from assault squad 1. they are trying to get maximium profits for minimal effort and they dont even try to hide it. its clear as day. even when updates such as the long-awaited skirmish AI update is instead a DLC you must pay for. i would not be surprised if on their weekend days the developers are responsible for sending all the nigerian ""419"" emails. all i have to say from a formerly loyal 1c customer: ♥♥♥♥ you! burn in hell! i will never buy into your scam again."
,Recommended,244450,12436243,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,TankerOfTheEast,"Since greentext is fun to write, I'll be doing my review in it:>Be holding the line>being the germans on D-Day>MG42firing.mp3>we're doing pretty good>buys morter>die americans, wait, I'm american>♥♥♥♥it.png>timepasses.png>still holding>click.mp3>huh?.png>MGs are out of ammo>get swamped by inf>brings up tank to hold the line>tank gets a AT rocket to the front plate>♥♥♥♥.mp342/10 would lose tank again"
,Recommended,244450,9223112,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Iraq Lobster,"Игра хорошая, но не очень сильно отличается от первой части. Да и это статус ""Бета""... Открыты пока только немецкая и американская кампании. Надеюсь на будующие улучшения."
76561198007313432,Recommended,244450,12412914,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,tn_kyle,"spent 5 hours, still got pinned down by the AI infantry and couldnt advance. 10/10 would play again"
,Recommended,244450,9537107,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Gade,"Men of War: Assualt Squad 2 brings much better graphics, and some fantastic gameplay. The campaign is stellar, of course. Multiplayer has gotten better, especially with the new UI and voice chat. If you are looking for a strategy game that adds great graphics and explosions, this game is for you.         P.S it's better than the one before it!"
76561198118536774,Not Recommended,244450,12409082,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Azza909,Just a Reskin People might as well stay with the 1st one Pretty Sad they could of done some work with this but they done crap all.DLC is coming and guess what they have done crap all again
,Recommended,244450,9741954,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Masterbeard nix00n,SImply amazing. the devs of the men of war series never fails to impress.9/10
76561198039387858,Recommended,244450,10104513,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,John Pliskin,ten times better than company of heros
,Recommended,244450,9752150,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Polle,"The game is in Beta? Or at least in pree release. So im not expecting that mutch improvment from the first game. the game of now is just a 1,5 as of how the fealing is when you play it. But it actually have a good campain that i missed in the first AS. I would just want more diferent squads for the teams and maybe add more contrys then the japs and britts cus as of now the classes/cuntrys are pritey mutch ctrl c,  ctrl v from the first one. But as a Pree release im pleased."
76561198024797693,Recommended,244450,9391925,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Mad Penguin,For only in the beta phase of the game totally worth the money I paid would deffinatly recommend to friends well infact I have recommended to friends.
76561198046821938,Recommended,244450,11162232,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,elk375bc,Cant see why this game is only rated a metascore of 70 ...should of got 80 + ... i like the game alot .. a very cool part u can take control of any unit.
,Recommended,244450,9346789,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,alexB,in beta right now but if its anything like assault squad it will be in my opinion the most indepth realistic real time strategy game ever devloped
,Recommended,244450,9352621,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Gizmo-5,A fantastic war game that makes up for its rougher edges with incredible depth and complexity. Memorable moments and madness occur frequently. Multiplayer coop is 8 player and can be done for most of the sp campaign library with workshop missions already available and the game isnt even released!I havent seen such freedom or tactical flexibility in an rts since coh.
76561198037744289,Recommended,244450,12455415,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,PlagueFerret,"Love it, just sad not more matchmaking."
76561198129916203,Recommended,244450,12634129,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,ishee,"i love this game but i came across a problem***************** Exception *****************define not found (esdlreader.cpp, 326)------------------------------------------------------------------> file ""/set/stuff/gun/20mm_mg""9:		(""range_air""«)10:		{projectileDamage 30}11:		(""speed"" s(450))12:		(""caliber_zenite"")13:		{RelaxationTime 0}Men of War: Assault Squad 2 - v3.040.0 - standard2014.10.10 12:35 - 0x009AACF6i dont know hoow to fix this and it wont let me play. pleas help"
76561198023419877,Recommended,244450,10163622,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,spartanman2,stupid game dont buy
76561198020706748,Recommended,244450,9723626,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Spiritual Alchemist,Best Strategy game of this year!!Only every defence mission is not to do jeez.
76561198027084734,Recommended,244450,9963141,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Mr.Simon,"I have not played the first Mow :as but i love this one the gameplay is intense and so realistic, the game is still i beta so alot of stuff is being worked on, the game crashes alot but they are woking on it."
,Recommended,244450,9950699,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,ZxLUKE NUKEMxZ,"it is currently 27th april 2014 when this review was made, and still in early access okay lets get to it.I have recommend this game but also at the same time would like to warn you at the current stage its in it is no more than a rework of the first men of war assualt squad and if you want major changes look else where. However if you enjoyed the first but would like a better service , graphics and control mechanics and a better all round polish then you will enjoy the game.okay for the pro's - the new online maps are great my most liked map has to be oasis which looks great and works well.- they now have a online faction level up system of which offers some indivdaulism but is cut sort becuase of host options and the fact it can be turned off rendering it useless and kind of a waste of time- some new units are offered for each faction which is good but nothing to jump and scream about- great  new graphics and textures not as good as some rts games but certainly an improvmentokay now for some con's ( bare in mind these could change)- bland , pointless campaign with no real personnality , also all the levels are the same just with different factions.- noobs be warned there's no tutorial buit i guess you could count part's of the campaign-same old multiplayer modesall in all if the games is cheap get it , and if you enjoyed the first game and still play the first get it , if your looking for major changes and a whole new gamein more ways than one  you will be disappointed. i will also edit this review as of full release to ensure a more accurate review thanks . but for now it simply feels like a funder for their future plans - call to arms"
,Recommended,244450,10000131,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Lad Blocker,this is a true successor to MoW:AS1. everything is improved.i wish i could say that about Company of Heroes 2......
76561198102888947,Recommended,244450,10432671,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,KnightWing168,Great game
,Not Recommended,244450,35140144,Posted: 22 September,all,Ammo,"""Here, take 2 men with 3 knives and a shovel each, destroy 5 bases with around 80 tanks and 1300 men""0/10"
,Recommended,244450,9975925,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,vhunter1991,This game is brilliant like most Men of War games. I could not stop playing. It is very addicting. I do not mind the older music. I really like it. I would also like some new music. Graphics are amazing. Gameplay: 10/10 Graphics  8/10 Music: 10/10 Content: 10/10 (Beta)
,Recommended,244450,10506769,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,ICA_Colt,"A very fun game to play with, whether it be campaign, online or making your own missions, it always provides a fun time!"
,Recommended,244450,10508324,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,anna2011,this game is fun
76561198009812803,Not Recommended,244450,31926741,Posted: 23 May,all,sprackman,don't waste your money. just buy the first one it has the same maps and same troops. this game is hardly any differen't besides the fact that you can play mutilplayers without a 3rd party. the first men of war assault squad is just as good or even a bit better with some of the stuff.
,Recommended,244450,13435702,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Marsh,This is great game.
76561198017962438,Recommended,244450,9388629,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Luftwaffllz,The devs seem to Ctrl+V much
,Recommended,244450,9555661,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,indepthqc,"One of the best game of it's genre. I really love it, much better that COH2. MUST TRY!"
76561198063834167,Recommended,244450,9302311,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Black_Rus(Ahzee),wow :D
,Recommended,244450,9369229,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,SwanSong,This is a really good game i mean if u like the 1st one u will love this its the same thing as before just better looking :D
,Recommended,244450,9287836,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,=S*E= MrVamp,epic game loved the first as1 and this one is just even better
76561198043888147,Recommended,244450,9262404,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Your bully,"There seems to be better ai in comparison to MoW and MoW:AS.Also somewhat improved visual effects and performance in single player games.The multiplayer is alright, even with the new leveling system, but lags in Team vs Team games, but not that much in skirmish mapmodes for some odd reason."
,Recommended,244450,9417760,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Wingolf,A rather nice upgrade and continuation from the first Assault Squad.
76561198088849589,Recommended,244450,11134580,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,computergeek64,awsome
,Recommended,244450,11390603,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,max,its so much fun best rts game ever
,Recommended,244450,10099234,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Xer (III%),This game is a dream come true and all it needs is a grand campain mode and you have total war WW2
76561198047843324,Recommended,244450,9957664,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,kmoore308,Awesome game! Loved the first one and the second one is even better.
,Recommended,244450,9957764,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,bristol_flyguy1980,Runs a lot better than its main rival COH 2 and is a very in depth RTS WW2 game. I look forward to the final release and on going game improvements !
76561198070270821,Recommended,244450,9961165,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,edge,"Awesome mulyiplayer,very nice graphics,nice singleplayer and you get something called the editor where you can make your own battles and your own maps.The best rts of this decade , I rate it 10 0ut of 10"
76561198060455425,Recommended,244450,10009111,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Abduwali Muse,Beautiful game only thing i hope to see is more oppertunitys to use aircraft. Great Game!!!
76561198029762431,Recommended,244450,10091456,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Spartacus1935,Definitely yes!MOW series  is the best!
76561198022370868,Recommended,244450,10711235,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,[VI] Plague Father,"Currently the best WW2 RTS I've played. Also possibly one of the most realistic RTS games there is, the amount of commands available to you really make it feel like your truely commanding the units. The ability to click a unit and control where and what it fires is extremely helpful and fun. Theres a amazing variety of weapons and units, every mission I find myself with additional chocies of what to use. My only complaint about this game is there is no advanced tutorial to show you how to give and transfer ammo accross units, so for those not used to this level of control just need to stick with it and youtube some tutorials cause it is really worth it in the end.10/10 Cant ask for more from a £25 game."
,Recommended,244450,10590900,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,bsd56,Fantastic game for fans of the series. Nothing really new for the series but definitely refined.
76561198139667032,Recommended,244450,10649116,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Ghost,"Great game, very immersive, realistic and endless tactical options in gameplay."
76561197998338046,Recommended,244450,12478863,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,griffor,if you enjoyed the multiplayer from assult squad 1 game worth it hands down if all you wanted was a single player campaign ehh i wouldn't get it unless u like to skirmish with your friends than it is worth it
76561198026063338,Recommended,244450,10142148,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Edd,It is nice
,Not Recommended,244450,28488537,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,FireFly,"The first game i've ever seen that you have to PAY to be able to go against bots...The game is very laggy and buggy.The game has almost no different tanks. To get new tanks you need to download from the workshop, pretty much this game is run by modders.The devs are money w h o r e sThe armor system (How shells bounce) is also extremly wierd. You can shoot a tank sometimes from the side when it is angle is extreme and still disable the whole tank and its crew."
,Recommended,244450,9841075,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,error-furry,"Otherwise great game but still has perfomance issues. I have Intel IvyBridge i7 @3,9Ghz and GTX 660Ti and still i cannot get max fps, game freezes at explosions, etc."
76561198102117634,Recommended,244450,9895135,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Bartandules,"I am somewhat new to the MoW franchise, but I did play the first assault squad.  I do happen to very much like the changes they made to the game, but many of them were very small and go nearly unnoticed.  Which is good because that gives old MoW players some comfort for it is all very familiar, but once you get deeper into the new features it has more changes than you thing.So first thing I want to start with is what I didn't like,  MoW still does not have a tutorial and you rely entirely on whether or not you can learn from mistakes.  Easy mode is not as easy as would seem on easy mode I either ran out of men or the battle raged on endlessly, because every time I felt myself winning I put back where I started for they called another wave of tanks and it felt like I was inching towards them.What I did like was some little changes like speed control, which may have been in the first one, but I never looked into it.  Speed control is a must in single player because MoW is a micro-managment game a skilled squad may be able to take care of itself, but if you have multiple vehicles then when you aren't watching is when they will explode.  Slowing things down allow you to take in the battle so you know what is going on and can handle it.  Planes are interesting and I like them, it's cool to be able to shoot down these planes and not just have AA for anti-infantry.  Mines were an amazing addition to the game I have defended positions that I would have lost without them and minesweepers are the most unpredictable combat unit.  I was playing with someone and called a minesweeper without looking to see what it was and it ripped apart infantry with its mg  and it's armor was very durable.  The new graphics and mod support make it breath taking with its beautiful landscapes, well detailed vehicles, and creative freedom.If you are new to the game I suggest you manage materials carefully and do things in single player to see if it works before trying multiplayer.  Never drive a vehicle straight into to enemy lines or you will lose it.  I urge you to buy this game even old players because you may find some fun and diversity in the impressive modding community."
76561198016200338,Recommended,244450,9940401,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,-CW.Lucky- BR,OS mapas são todos iguais não mudou nada do 1!
76561198011827366,Recommended,244450,10349819,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,will,so much to do in this game 100% replayable
,Not Recommended,244450,20432641,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,SudKreuz,">>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> BE WARNED !!!!! EXTREMELY IMPORTANT !!!! <<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------IF YOU WANT TO PLAY AGAINST THE AI YOU HAVE TO PAY 10 DOLLARS, BOTS ARE NOT INCLUDED WITH THE BASE GAME AND TO MAKE IT EVEN WORST THE AI IN THIS GAME IS BY FAR THE WORST I'VE SEEN IN MY ENTIRE LIFE-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Now the review...MoW Assault squad 1 = MoW Assault squad 2It's basically the same game (no exaggeration) with the same problems...a) Lot of crashes,b) High ping,c) Desync issues,I bought the game exclusively to play GSM (German soldiers Mod) but it was a rip, the game is exactly the same.Anyway... (with the mod installed), the game is so so so good that I recommend it to anyone interested in a deep and demanding RTS,Sadly I'm changing my review to negative, honestly paid bots and making us to buy the same game for second time it was too much, sorry but you have lost another fan,"
76561198052998016,Recommended,244450,10488908,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,PUNKY,my♥♥♥♥♥♥♥hurts
76561198118521972,Not Recommended,244450,30398731,Posted: 8 March,all,Dark_Fox,"After Soldiers: Heroes of World War II this game ... hell no. I was a bit confused about it. But then i got it. (I`ll be talking bout story and avaliable companies , i will not touch upon online part of the game because i havent tried it)There are campaigns for each nation - 8 missions in total (ALL THE SAME for each nation , the only change is units) , if you try out one campaign , you basically have played them all. Each mission , (excluding a couple) is just a massacre. Most of the game scenery is just THE MORE UNITS THE BETTER. On one hand it looks good but on the other its kinda lame, and thats what i hated the most, because my first acquaintance with this series started at Man of War: Diversants 2, where you had a small squad at hand and you had to make due with it and thats what i like the most. Going back to Assault Squad 2 i can also sau that every mission was dragged for way to long. If you want to buy it then by all means Wait For A Discount. If you dont have Soldiers: Heroes of World War II then id suggest you buy it.///После Soldiers: Heroes of World War II эта игра... ну уж нет. Я был немного в недоумении чего и к чему. Но потом понял. *Далее пойдет рассказ об компаниях, сетевую игру не расматриваю ибо не довелось.*Компании для каждой нации - это 8 мисий(ОДИНАКОВЫХ для разных наций, просто в разной обвертке в виде техники и юнитов), если поиграете в 1 компанию увидите их все. Каждая , по своей сути за исключением 2-ух, мисия - бойня. В этой игре большинство всего сделано на массовость. С одной стороны это не плохо и смотриться... Но для меня это был минус, ибо началось мое знакомство с серией с игры В тылу врага: Диверсанты 2, где у тебя были небольшие отряды и ты должен был выкручиваться как мог и это мне нравилось! Возращаясь к Assault Squad 2 можно еще сказать, что мисии довольно таки затянуты. Если и покупать, то строго по скидке! Если у вас нету Soldiers: Heroes of World War II, то лучш уже взять ее."
,Not Recommended,244450,23843945,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Jam,"Game had no tutorial and it was confusing to understand just starting out. Editor mode is literally crap as it will allow you to either edit OR see what the map looks like already which was really ♥♥♥♥ing weird. I was expecting something a more refined, but alas it is not."
76561198007253031,Recommended,244450,11356148,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,mmatlock01,"The game is great however its the same exact game as men of war: assault squad 1 they literally added maybe 1 new level to each faction and just tacked on some of the defensive missions which was an expansion pack to men of war: assault squad 1. Same problems as before and once again no BOTs for multiplayer I know you guys have the script to do it so why not they practically over run you on skirmish hard/heroic and attack/assault nodes. Please add bots to multiplayer so we can play LAN with our friends and not online on lag central. Adding some new maps would be great. a new game mode too instead of just doing assault zones etc. (spawning north and south) fighting for assault zones or nodes would unlock units to recruit not award points you still have to get kills but it forces strategic action making players fight over areas. Also paratroopers please fix this they jumped in company plus sizes so can we at least get a drop of 1 platoon instead of 1 guy lol or 4 guys. Also a little history lesson for you guys hopefully a mod comes out lol but. The 82ND ABN DIV was all over sicily, normandy, nijmegan, luzon, holland etc. You have all the paratrooper identifiers as 101st ABN DIV lol learn your history. 1st Brigade was shot down by friendly fire and formed LGOPs(little groups of paratroopers) and conducted raids all over italy/sicily and utterly crushed the germans as well as in africa. 1st Brigade is now known as the Devils Brigade because in ww2 they found a dead german officers notebook and it stated that the American paratroopers ""the devils in baggy pants were all around us everywhere!"" hence why 1st brigade is now known as the devils brigade.<<history--learn it."
76561198006594137,Recommended,244450,11127533,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Dietrich_Von_Carstein,Excellent strategy game with the visuals and detail to enjoy this 2014 version of an established series. If you like strategy games and ww2 this isn't a game to miss.
76561198014737187,Recommended,244450,11530675,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Jaynuck,This game is way better then the first one. I been noticing alot of negative reviews but i don't care i'm still having fun. Snag a copy of this game if you like the series.
76561198095766603,Recommended,244450,18186907,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Jarno.G,Nice ww2 Game
76561198105677266,Recommended,244450,10107968,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,.psychotic,BEST STRATEGY GAME EVER!!!
,Recommended,244450,11878441,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Smokses,"I love this game, its awesome. Its just not too many players playing the multiplayer so its hard to find a match but the game is a solid 8/10 (minor performance issues)"
,Recommended,244450,12678163,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,DoChuan,It 's the best RTS game :D
,Recommended,244450,12743253,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Putin22,hi gusy im :D3this game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥but have lag+bag+and some     time its lagging in multiplayerso i give this game  6/10from :D3
76561198035247013,Recommended,244450,10104536,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,d7foley,Awesome game.
,Recommended,244450,11876383,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,OMOcat,Its super good though. you should totally get it.
76561198100667618,Recommended,244450,11953277,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,(Chaos) Bandit,i love this game but people say its just like men of war one but if you like world war 2 then youll love this game
76561198027228177,Recommended,244450,12194684,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Forgotten of Tarawa,is  a good game. however there are some minor innacuracies such as the Japanese SNLF and Japanese paratroop Marines having the army star on their helmets rather than the historical anchor symbol ;I
76561198036829210,Recommended,244450,10055669,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,[RIP] DonDuden,Looks cool but i can not pick up enemy weapons anybody now why i cant pick up any enemy weapons?????
76561197968560827,Recommended,244450,10071447,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,kimbers_the_nev,"The latest in the Men of War series. A little let down as they had just rehashed levels from the previous game, albeit with some new ones. But if you have an unhealthy and quite frankly disturbing obsession with WWII and all its weapons, you love this realtime strategy."
76561198020733366,Recommended,244450,12067453,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,MECHA_CAT,"Meow MEEEEEEooowww mewow wowww.... MeeeeEEEooowwwwwooeww meeow mee oweeeeowW, meeoww meeeeooOoooow.Grrrrrrrrr hsssssssssssssssssssssssssssMeow?"
76561198028161925,Recommended,244450,10636340,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,iceman14555,"If you want to know what the Men of War Series is like; I'd describe it as World In Conflict, Close Combat, and Wargame had a child and named it Men of War. In all seriousness though, the game to me has a good balance of realism, historical accuracy, and playability that is hard to beat. It is extremely hard sometimes and the AI will beat your a** a few times while you are going through the learning curve of the game, even on the easier difficulty settings. I'd recommend this game for WWII buffs, RTS players, or anyone that likes the previously mentioned games above. Have fun learning and trying to perform new strategies, this game will make you think quite a bit."
76561197974463258,Recommended,244450,10579886,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Prowlinger,Great game... good times... single player mods are fun (user made maps)... Hopefully the developers continue rapid support and increase the game with what the players are asking for...
76561198044486396,Not Recommended,244450,34419700,Posted: 22 August,all,Metebacsi,"Single player is fun, but the game presented the worst multiplayer experience ever.Why?- Extreme lag. Game is very very very slow.- Nobody is in the matchmaking service.There are quite a few game breaker bugs here and there.Proceed only for single player."
76561198377047232,Not Recommended,244450,34553895,Posted: 28 August,all,tony.winn,It wont start please fix this problem I want to keep playing this game so PLEASEEEE fix this issue
76561198012571341,Recommended,244450,13706937,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,OzzyFirery,Its a perfected veriso of Men of War so yeah maybe buy it it goes eets
76561197984018275,Recommended,244450,9626874,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,[RF]Nordace,"I do recommend this game purely by the fact that, it is basically just the original MOW: AS game, with a fair bit of graphical polishing, some, new units and maps.It is something of the original's younger twin brother. They really, really are alike, so if you did enjoy the first game go b...* Oh wait a minute... I'll get back on that part at the end. (Skip to the end if you want to read it).For those who are new, i'll recommend to you to check out some of the older (And cheaper) games in the MOW series. Why? Because MOW follows a semi-rigid structure in terms of gameplay, and certain elements shine through all of them. So if you get the first game, you have a better idea of what to expect from MOWAS2. As opposed to just buying this game outright, and run into a very common issue:It's too difficult! It's fairly close to realistic in terms of ballistics and behaviour of arms, vehicles and ground physics. Anyway.Sure, there's differences between the Men of War games and AS and Vietnam. But in essence get the first one, and you'll have a much better idea, than right now.Okay, now for the go b...* part:-------------------------Wait until a full release!!!!----------------------At first, launch was scheduled for February 20th, then it was postponed to March 20th, and then postponed again indefinitely by making it ""Early access"". While it is with good intentions (deciding to fix/optimize the game instead of releasing an unstable piece of menure like some publishers might actually just do) Just wait until it's released. In the meantime! Go get one of the first MOW games if you're new, or stick to AS or what it now is you enjoy of them in online sense!"
76561197998934643,Recommended,244450,11981307,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Rusty and Clark Griswold,This is a very good game.  It is fantastic how you build up your army in mission by attaining objectives not by collecting crap.  Thank you for a good solid game with great graphics.
76561198064166299,Recommended,244450,11999251,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,icejas13,game is very cool. could do with some bigger maps and more wepones & tanks & planes. other than that the game is very good. thank you.
,Recommended,244450,13486233,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,strong dog,ye
,Recommended,244450,11888862,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Thanatos,"Great Game, Tho you might wanna skip the current SP if you completed 1 ''Race''. Co-Op is the best mode imho, Add a custom mod/map and you have hours of fun with your friends. Only 1 BIG problem, No Drop-In Drop-Out feature, so when you dissconnect, you cant rejoin :'("
,Recommended,244450,11952308,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,DarkCow,Great game though the each nation's campain is about the same.
,Recommended,244450,11992702,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Sexy Hitler,"Its an Epic WW2 rts game, who wouldnt love this game!"
76561198043311916,Recommended,244450,11971300,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,papabear2682,"NEED HELP!  the game keeps shutting off after about 10 mins of play.  Please Help.  Ive unistalled and reinstalled and still happens.  keeps on saying NOT Standard.  IDK what that means.  Grey box and when I press ""OK"" in clsses me out to main steam pager."
,Not Recommended,244450,26206082,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Hibiki,"loved this game. then they updated it and made it crash no matter what i do. they don't help you, they don't care, they even said that ""you should have looked at teh system requirements"" that they totaly didn't change at all -_- thanks for taking my $30 and then making it crash not matter what.edit: the bad computer problem is fixed now, but mowas still loves to crash. :/  I know workshop mods are unstable sometimes but for how long the game has been here you'd think that it atleast would have gotten better. some mods just crash on the spot, others don't even work properly, and my luck in terms of running the thing is just not good. The game is good IF you have a great computer, but if not i don't recomend buying this. I was harsh to this game because it was crash after crash, later not even launching the game without any mods. The first review highlights my problems with the game but is overly emotional."
76561198200375737,Recommended,244450,30714699,Posted: 24 March,all,Drabberguide71 /civilgamers.com,"Men of war assault squad 2 is a World war 2 strategy game what is based on  world war 2 battles. In men of war Assault squad 2 there are man factions/teams From the Commonwealth to the German forces.In games you control your squads of troops to push through or sneak past enemy lines. When you are playing this game it is your choice on how you want to approach your objectives . You can do a full assault or try can sneak past hostiles.Different from men of war assault squad there is a editor mode where can create your own battles/scenarios to play with friends, just to have a bit of fun or post it on the workshop to share with many other people so they can play you Scenario.If you get board of the normal fighting there are many mods what are found on the workshop or other websites. Such as Modern warfare mod.I highly recommend this game for people who like Strategy and world war games."
76561198004388842,Recommended,244450,14068257,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Old Hog,"Last match I blew a guy out of a tank with a 308mm rocket. He went flying across the map, I had to tilt the camera back to watch.While that was happening a teammate loaded a supply truck with explosives and rammed it into enemy lines.One of my tanks treads was shot, so I took a fuel barrel out of the tank, snuck it over to the enemy tank, ran back and shot it, catching it on fire.I drove a jeep behind enemy lines, shot the gunner of an enemy artillary unit, then towed the gun back to my side.This game is a hybrid of RTS, TPS, and Sandbox"
,Not Recommended,244450,15087106,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,jagärEAD,"Don't buy this game Unless you may accept lowfps, dosen't matter wich rig you have. it's poorly coded and they didn't fix it in AS1, you have 90%+chance to get this lag, if not! your'e lucky!Since the release of AS1, even though the same lag is found in all their older games. and guess what? what do you think I have been fighting for ages on the forum about this lag."
76561198306855275,Not Recommended,244450,28232335,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,♞♞♞♞♞,"♥♥♥♥in hell u need a dlc for playin with bots,nah i got♥♥♥♥♥♥to pay"
76561198153433039,Recommended,244450,12488995,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,gizmonoob,"need help with what to do it says           define not found (esdlreader.cpp, 326)>file ""/set/stuff/gun/105mm_40_43m""4                      (""range_grazing_howitzer"")5                      (rechargeTime 15)6                      (""speed s(225))7                      (""caliber_maximum"")8                      (projectileDamage 150)Men of War: Assault Squad 2 - v3.040.0 - standard2014.10.10 12:35 - 0x009AACF6plz help me"
,Recommended,244450,13619833,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,✨Event-Horizon,ye.
,Recommended,244450,13705105,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Namtar The Seer,As far as I see it this game is amazing.
,Recommended,244450,13708444,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,☭ Ficklestein ☭,"Amazing. If you already love ANY of the Men of War games then get this right now.Simply an amazing upgrade for Assault Squad 2 and the Men of War series in general. A ton of needed features were finally added, such as the enemy AI repairing their equipment whenever possible, headlights to vehicles, much improved performance over its predecessors, the introduction of proper campaign maps instead of the map jokes that were Assault Squad 1 and Condemned Heroes, the mission difficulty has finally been made more reasonable, the sound effects have been improved and the forgotten defense positioning system (when you order soldiers to take cover) has been improved beautifully. If people say it's simply an updated Assault Squad 1, yes, they're right. This is what Assault Squad 1 should have been like and it's worth every ♥♥♥♥ing penny. Great job on the game. Keep it up."
76561198149698561,Recommended,244450,13640612,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,MegaHitler 1000,8/8 m8 decent game.
76561198035295711,Recommended,244450,13730050,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,♥MauiWowie♥,Cause its dope......Thats it 10/10
76561197982849587,Recommended,244450,13569012,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,xxx BLaZe iT MiCHaeL xxx,Very good tactical game
76561197975651986,Recommended,244450,13693575,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Samwise,"Awesome Game, Great tactical combat. A little short, but great replay value."
76561198021267600,Recommended,244450,13569380,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,jsnell,"This is probablz one of the best, if not THE best game i have ever plazed. I have been plazing this game for months....and still havent gotten bored with it.The attention to detail in this game is incredible."
76561198000820399,Recommended,244450,13708209,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,s.pz.abt.503,"The best WW2 RTS/RTT ever created. Beautiful graphics with, gameplay, realistic equipement with stunning details, amazing tactics options on battlefield, unbeliveble tanks battles with realistic armor penetration..... and a very interactiv developer, DMS."
,Recommended,244450,13926975,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Nerds do it rarely,Men of war assult squad two is an amazingly detailed game wich takes a few minutes to learn how to play. It proposes challenges even on an easy skirmish (campaigne) and is great fun. You'll become totally involved in this game and hope your dinners in five more minutes just to keep playing. This game is quite pricy but worth it an dsteam have plenty of sales to save your wallet. Great game 8/10!
76561198201748821,Not Recommended,244450,34918760,Posted: 13 September,all,Pinhead_Gaming,at first i thought this games was good. i thought that because i watched utubers like diplex heated and pixellated apollo but it turns out the game is a broken peice f trash. Please fix it guys
76561198003922696,Recommended,244450,13362953,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Beans,CREW INJURED AGAIN GOD ♥♥♥♥ING DAMMIT I HATE THIS ♥♥♥♥♥♥ PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥RUSSIAN TRASH GAME
76561198018402314,Recommended,244450,16347121,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,MeditationMan,JESUS ♥♥♥♥ING CHRIST..SOMEBODY FIX THIS MOTHER♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥♥SO I CAN PLAY! Great game btw. My favorite RTS..WHEN ITS NOT ♥♥♥♥ING BREAKING DOWN EVERY GODDAMN MATCH!
76561198096328069,Not Recommended,244450,22729118,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Mr420green,i dont think the german tanks are relistic at all and im tired of little shermans and there inpenitrable void armor and my tiger tank gets ♥♥♥♥ed up from the front like theres no relistic side to it im guessing an american made this game
,Recommended,244450,12932205,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,SirAndrew✞♔,"Good game i have too say, not too much false historic info"
,Not Recommended,244450,18344769,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,белочка(Squirrel),I spent a good 30 dollars on this game when i could have bought minecraft. it was a good game at first but then i got boring very quickly
76561198128494638,Recommended,244450,16674603,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,|TSC|The2lied,"If you have played company of heroes and enjoyed it, or even warhammer 40k this is a game for you! It has the same aspects move your units behind cover capture strategic points etc. Its just on a much larger scale.10/10 -The2lied"
76561198186388625,Not Recommended,244450,29598080,Posted: 30 January,all,Neuling,"After a few hours of this game i think i can say this:Its a decent game with good graphics and controls the units are varied (compared to other RTSs i've played) and it runs decently. However bugs, bugs, and crashes, plauge my game. I cannot play a single varied game for i'm limited gamemods and not even any mods. Any mods that i try to apply to the game, it crashes. I cannot play more than two gamemodes or else it crashes. I hope they make the game more flexable so until then i can't/ won't recommend this to anyone. (unless you're okay with game bugs)"
82853854372424532,Recommended,244450,17306434,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,shRap,meh
,Recommended,244450,16544766,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,bimo_oke,"Masih aja main COC? wkwkwk, mainan bocah itu mah, main tuh MOW AS2! belajar sejarah juga bukan karakter khayalan, mau nyerang nunggu cairan gem dulu wkwkwk, bocah bocah"
76561198320629702,Not Recommended,244450,28923372,Posted: 1 January,all,276971752,差评！游戏不能进行存档！存档游戏马上卡死！！优化差！！！
76561198206416951,Recommended,244450,17741210,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Keel Lorenz,"a great game for any fan of history i can play all day on this EPIC game and im a noob, yes i am not that good at this game (yet) and i still have loads of fun because when you finaly get a win you become SO HAPPY i would even recomned this game to someone that knows little about WW2 and they still would have fun great real time war game GO GET IT , WHAT ARE YOU DOING GO AIRBORNE"
76561198048903686,Not Recommended,244450,21017004,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,The Major,"This game is garbage, literally the worst for anyone that likes WW2 german stuff. M4's can and will 1 shot Tigers regularly. -Q/24, never play again."
76561198069039984,Not Recommended,244450,30006678,Posted: 18 February,all,CAP198462,"IMMERSION: The game attempts to create immersion through tactical puzzles, and graphical fidelity. The game features multiple unit types and kinds with their own strengths and weaknesses. There is a campaign, however there is no story connecting battles so one might as well discount story for immersion. In game audio provides some aide to immersion, though it also can be a detriment to immersion due to inconsistency of performances. The game includes aspects of it's combat system which contribute to difficulty and immersion, and will be addressed in that section(5/15)DIFFICULTY: The game has basic difficulty options, though how these affect gameplay are not adequately explained. One  option is the ability to toggle ""fog of war,"" which has seems to have more impact than other difficulty settings is not included in difficulty. To the game's credit, the user interface does not contribute to difficulty. Logistics are a concern in the game, which contributes to difficulty, though some units seem immune to it, while others are not. Players will also notice battle maps contributing to difficulty in substantial ways, though it may not be clear to newer players. Overall the game is incredibly complex and any attempt to encapsulate the extent of the concept of difficulty as applies to this game would miss something.  5/15LASTING APPEAL:  The game lacks variety, battles will either be assault or defense and counter-attack. Factions have different units with slightly different stats, but ultimately there does not appear to be substantive difference among them. What it lacks though in variety it compensates for in simplicity, the game may not survive extended play sessions, but it does seem to provide a quick infusion of RTS gameplay. Players thereforce are strongly suggested to play one battle at a time for maximum enjoyment. 5/15OVERALL: MoW:AS2 seems to do what it says on the proverbial tin. It's not a terribly engaging with complex story game, it is a quick RTS distraction, and should appeal to RTS players. The unexpected depth of the game may not appeal to all gamers though.  Subjectively speaking, this sort of simple, play a battle here and there game is a lean market, and additional games set in different periods would be appreciated. (5/15) below average, cannot reccomend to every gamer, though it should satisfy a niche in the market"
,Not Recommended,244450,26288028,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,PatrickSmits,"For me it is a waste of money, because the game works fine for the first 10 minutes then when your half way in a mission the game shut himself in a ERROR screen. Pretty annoying because i loved the first MoW AS."
76561198023879743,Not Recommended,244450,23906052,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,HardLock,Big♥♥♥♥♥♥ he take a long time to open and big lag so this game is BIG♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,244450,28110337,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Suit One,"Was browsing WW2 tag, saw AS1, bought, saw this, refunded AS1, bought AS2. This game is beautiful in every form of the word. Probably the best WW2 game on Steam. Very realistic, real units. Realistic physics, armor, tank components, ballistics. It's just so cool to see a bullet bounce off a heavy German tank, fly through a house, and explode on a car. So good, totally reccomend."
,Not Recommended,244450,23116838,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Weeb hunter,I like this game but after a while it got boring the missions were the same and the units were reskinned. I also hate how confusing it it to download mods.
76561198354004219,Not Recommended,244450,29813904,Posted: 9 February,all,TheDeathSlayer6,NO WARK
76561198149352919,Not Recommended,244450,13326104,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Aum_Aiyara,ก็อบภาค  Men of War Assault Squad   มาทั้งดุ้นแม้แต่ DLC  เอามาปรับกราฟฟิคเล็กน้อย เป็นภาคที่ผมเล่นแล้วเสียอารมณ์มากที่สุดเพราะซื้อมาใหม่แต่้เหมือนตัวเองเล่นของเก่า เสียความรู้สึกมากๆ      มีด่านใหม่เพิ่มมาน้อยมากและไม่ได้หวือหวาอะไรไม่คุ้มกับราคาเลยแต่ถ้าใครยังไม่เคยลองภาคเก่าก็น่าซื้อไปเล่นนะ
,Not Recommended,244450,19541028,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Rocky256,very bad not recemended won't even work. the soldiers won't move eventhough I looked up a gide on the internet.
76561198066030700,Not Recommended,244450,30527911,Posted: 15 March,all,brbimonfire,"Do NOT buy if you have integrated graphics, your game will crash every time. Otherwise 10/10"
,Recommended,244450,12893635,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,VonZap,"Great Game - Pretty Cool and the detail is awsome.  The ability to equip each soldier in you squad as well as every tank, gun, mortar and APC perfect... Eye two units and transfer gear between them...Tank to Tank Soldier to Supply Truck...etcGood Luck - Great GameZap"
,Recommended,244450,13136600,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,SuppishTX,"kicking myself for being late to the men of war party, but i really didn't want another Commandos game which haunted my childhood. Men of War: Assault Squad 2 may have tons in place to let you micromanage every single♥♥♥♥♥♥your soldiers take, but it doesn't make you.that's the key: it gives players options. you want to use 8 dudes and be super micro and control everything? go ahead. you want to play more a standard general that let's his troops perform? that's ok too. granted the sweet spot is somewhere in the middle, but its not as micro intensive as I thought it would be.last thing, this game is HARD! i mean i thought i was pretty good at strategy and tactics but the ai on normal ran over me like i was playing france instead of usa. takes some getting used to, but still really fun if you like a challenge (easy requires you not to be stupid, but you don't have to worry about your inf dying in seconds to anything/everything)biggest beef: apparently the latest patch made it where you cannot disable shadows. ouch on my fps. also my gtx 570 and i5 cpu hate physics, which the game doesn't allow to be disabled. I understand the game had distructible environments that effect los, cover, etc but the game doesn't have to rendure high level physics to give me that tactical option (see coh2/coh/dawnofwar2). give me these options and i'll be golden."
76561198092703897,Recommended,244450,13237212,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Jackass,i think this problem came with the new update when i came home yesterday it couldnt find my sdl file if you are reading this put in another update to fix it
,Recommended,244450,12039155,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Space Cat,Great game!
76561198152947143,Recommended,244450,13125167,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Uribe44,"Is the best game of the series of men of war i strongly recommend the game, but they should had more missions to fallow the WW2 battles and be more extensive insted of 6-8 missions per nation."
76561198153841118,Recommended,244450,13212082,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Ominouspainter8,just get it!
76561198053223259,Recommended,244450,13223301,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Davos,Great game.
,Recommended,244450,12249997,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Srle_Vigilante,"Briliant game, lots of support for the moding community, and the action is awesome.Keep up the awesome work guyz!"
,Recommended,244450,13225725,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Bluegoon,"Really fun sandbox-style RTS, very dynamic and explores more than one interesting mechanics.  Definitely not a relaxing game, but absolutely a rewarding one."
,Recommended,244450,13233098,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,bekraus,"Because of the time and energy I have put into this game (400+ hours), I feel I am now ready to make an informed review.This game is greatest game in history of all PC games.  Period.  It also has so much more potential.  You can replay missions and scenarios over and over and the fact that the open and interactive  environment and ballistics and physics engine make for unlimited possibilites.  I love how every nuance is important in this game.  I am a defensive player and this game is perfect for those individuals.  Individuals that are germanic and order orientated and not just run and gun cowboys.  If you struggle with ADD or have a short attention span, don't bother with this game---even on easy mode.  This game is made for highly intelligent strategic thinkers who are also very talented tacticians. This is the closest digital experience I have found so far that allows me to immerse myself in and experience world war II realistically and without an Allies bias.  The fact that is is underfunded, made by a small game studio and is still full of bugs and crashes way too often, has not stopped me from clocking in over 400 hours now.  I am world war II and RTS fanatic.  The only game I have played more than this would be Company of Heroes 2 at 950hours on record.  I have subsequently stopped playing company of heroes often when I came across this game.  I hope that more money gets invested in this game and a greater financial incentive is placed on the developers to make this game more stable, less buggy, and support SLI and crossfire support and run natively at 64bit.  I have had memory related errors on this game litterally thousands of times and it is very frustrating to crash out while in the middle of battle.  I have 64GB of RAM, 4x water cooled AMD 290x and a water cooled intel 4960X.... my system is NOT anemic but I do concede that I play the game at 4k resolution.  The user interface and text is horrrifically small when playing at 4k and changes from the developers to support 4k users should be a top priority.  We are the users who would have paid $1000 for this title.  Considering how much money I invest in hardware and digital technology, how valuable my time is worth in the market, and how much I have invested in free to play WWII titles like war thunder and World of Tanks, $1000 for a more refined version of this game would unquestionably be a bargain for people like myself.  If your smart and intelligent, love world war II with an unrelenting passsion, and enjoy realistic hardcore RTS titles (not just dumbed down starcraft) this is without a doubt the greatest investment you will make thus far in your life.  I cannot stress this point enough and I am bias only because I want more money to be put into this game to make it better.  It's incredible but has so much further to go and holds so much promise.  If you have any questions about the game, I am always open to talking to people about it.  You can email me atbekraus@gmail.comor add me on facebook atwww.facebook.com/bekrausGood Luck on the Battlefield and may the best man be victorious,Ben KrausCEO Kraus Industries"
76561198046284918,Recommended,244450,13237807,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,joeyjohny,really good game multi player gets abit laggy but other then that its fun and well put together.
76561198130606010,Recommended,244450,13189333,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Panzer SS,I can't play the game because right when it's loading this dumb notice pops up and I can't play the game please help
76561198103145342,Not Recommended,244450,29824915,Posted: 10 February,all,Nordman,"This game is not working on my pc and not because my pc ist bad. Since I bought it, I have downloaded it 3 times because it would not start. I played it 3 times and on the fourth time it would not turn on. It is so sickening."
76561198358664025,Not Recommended,244450,31171084,Posted: 15 April,all,☭endygaming☭,"PLEASE FIX THE ♥♥♥♥ING EDITOR... nvm i had reinstall to find the files, but the f tabs wont work"
,Recommended,244450,15202198,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,MultiFrαpsεr ツ,"This is my opinion of this gamePOSITIVE+ graphics are good+ new improved hud from MOV AS1+ easier ammo reload system and replanishment+ several new units along with special units+ very good community!+ able to do realistic damage to enemy vehicles+ destructiable enviroment, you are able to use a high-explosive shells against a building so that it collapses down on the ground killing anyone underneath it.+ serveral easy explaining guides to tell you how to advance in the game, starting from how to mode yout units all the way how to use heavy mortars and such...+ Steam workshop, this just takes the game to a whole new level <3NEGATIVE- there could be more maps for the single player, but unfortunatelly isn't, altho' there is A LOT of maps to the multiplayer part!- I would want to see more factions such as the WWII Italy or some other smaller nation, note that there is steam workshop that might help you with this problem, this same thing works with the maps I've complained about in the first section ;)- Multiplayer is a bit clunky from time to time, servers lag and often makes the whole game itself lag and drop FPS. You better have a juicy internet and PC to run a full serverPersonal rating for this game is 9/10"
76561198019913723,Not Recommended,244450,34666050,Posted: 1 September,all,deerhunter2477,same map every faction change it up!
76561197972238246,Not Recommended,244450,35086090,Posted: 20 September,all,Mac,"Loved this game back in the days and recently got back to it. Unfortunately it seems that one of their recent patches broke 90 % of the mods that I used to play with. On top of that I just realized that the 10 % remaining mods that still work now require you to buy a new DLC to even function.Are you serious? First you ""update"" your game which as far as I can see added nothing new for me but broke everything I loved and then you bar the few existing mods behind a DLC paywall.Can I at least revert the game to an earlier version to play with the mods I loved? No? Thanks for nothing... absolutely disgusting..."
,Not Recommended,244450,25249948,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,萌新,"Little difference with MOW:Assault Squad. How could this be a NEW game? It should be named as ""the Baldur's Gate:HD"" did, not a new one."
,Not Recommended,244450,25242848,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Nope,"If you ask me, i bought this re-hashed MOW AS just because modder moved to this game.And yes, i bought CtA, i feel robbed, they reuse all those animation over and over from Face of War to CtA and their ""newest"" version Origin.I wont buy your♥♥♥♥♥♥ever again, DMS"
,Not Recommended,244450,14904553,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Jaboleon,63 hours logged into the game5 hours worth of actually completed games.Terrible online issues plague this game! It isnt worth any amount of money atm.
76561197968815007,Not Recommended,244450,28625000,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,WANNA DOOBIE?,i often watch my tanks aim around without shooting and refuse to return fire. and the shoot ground or manual attack target dont work at all.cool idea  insanely obvious glitches for a game thats alrdy afew years old
76561198273701135,Not Recommended,244450,25384272,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Draggonempire,"it is not worth the money. it gets boring after a few missions.i dont realy suggest it,mabe if it was cheaper it would be worth it but not now"
76561198123519205,Not Recommended,244450,25982757,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Colombia,fix the dam antitank guns takes 6 to 20 shots to kill a german tank like wtf is that
,Not Recommended,244450,25991992,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,not a terrorist,deos nawt maetch da pictuers uv tha gaem!11!!!!- edupz
76561198202999816,Not Recommended,244450,26003399,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,rgree959,i cant even play it!!!!!!!!!!!!! my system meats the requierments isent that dumb!
76561198318267218,Not Recommended,244450,35193652,Posted: 24 September,all,SGT_McConnell,Piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Cant play cause it crashes when i lauch the damn thing
76561198039797784,Not Recommended,244450,20022881,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Gnatz,"I got the the second map, then said wait.... wAAAAIIIIT.... Its the same game with some enhancements, SHAME ON YOU!"
,Recommended,244450,31525254,Posted: 3 May,all,garys food review,"Knock knock, who's there? Russian... Russian who? Russian Bias!  If u don't mind bias it's a good game"
76561198030980450,Recommended,244450,16256521,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Tallestdavid,its the best men of war. just missing unit models because they look the same as the old models :/
76561198000416003,Recommended,244450,13714833,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,DMC_Rory,"Look I have played all RTS games and have a deep love for them blah blah, but this friends, this is the real deal, you won't find a more worthy game for your coin. Just buy it."
,Recommended,244450,13725036,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Ante,If you liked the classics like Sudden Strike and Blitzkrieg series you are gonna love this game!
76561198059496822,Recommended,244450,13732142,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,gmspro,i love this game and i like everything this game has to offer but i wish there was like sandbox instead of the editor.
76561197997531462,Recommended,244450,13755526,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,CozyCamo,This game is unlike anyother some are similar but dont make the cut compared to this.. I'd deff recomend and extreamly recoment at the price it is right now grab it up while you can and experience this master peice. Has its flaws but its just outweighed by the pros of this.
76561198059340758,Recommended,244450,13980201,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Cyklope,"Good game rather valuable, can get at a rather low pricePros- Very good graphics- Nice gameplay- Good difficulty levelling- Nice musicCons- Frequent graphics download when shifting view, even with a good all-around hardware, slowing down the whole game- Sh... user interface: could have been much more handy (especially for video cam settings - only mouse available)Avoid Deluxe Edition, doesn't worth it, whatever the price."
,Recommended,244450,13715895,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,S4m,Best strategy ive played in years.
76561198005936979,Recommended,244450,13724199,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,avaji,5/5 good gaem
,Recommended,244450,13724408,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Dreadnotty,"Largely similar to Men of War: Assault Squad - still a great game, only with more troop selection and a slightly varied single player experience."
76561198025025088,Recommended,244450,13726056,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,The Noto,"Love the game, but hate that you have to level up to unlock units, even in multplayer games with friends..."
76561197981636754,Recommended,244450,13750072,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Petey,This is a terrifically deep and difficult real time tactical strategy game. Cannot recommend it enough if you like a strategic/tactical challenge
,Recommended,244450,13867618,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Jerry Chan/Carlos,Amazing RTS havn't played the first Men of War but this is a great standalone game if you can get people to play with then the online is great have played a bit of the campaign and its fairly good. The frontlines gamemode is great and allows for some nice attacking and defendning.
76561198045422843,Recommended,244450,32353482,Posted: 11 June,all,Brostephano,This is a review of Men of War: Assault Squad 2
,Recommended,244450,30481316,Posted: 12 March,all,Yoyo,Better than COH
76561198013064054,Not Recommended,244450,9628180,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Chap Chappington,"Possibly one of the worst strategy games ever made, completely broken, you get no help at all from the community or internet alike, so many bugs and poor interface features, just a horrid mess. Dont make a discussion stating bugs or annoyances or the devs will block it or you will be attacked by multipal fanboys. 2/10 Also dont give me that ""its early access"" ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, no one should be allowed to release a game which is 5% complete!"
,Recommended,244450,8791164,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Fireandsteel,1700 hours = Alright game.
76561198027905699,Recommended,244450,8990849,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Aboelnil,+1
76561198073490583,Recommended,244450,9245138,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Alldaboss,100/100Dont be mad i just love the editor
76561198027113728,Recommended,244450,9823605,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Gen.Milkov,Best ww2 game ever
76561198117950827,Recommended,244450,9503551,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,totalhavoc10,Its all about the hats 10/10
76561198069388110,Recommended,244450,12577682,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Darkchives,with out a doubt this is my all time favorite RTT (real time tactics) video game.
76561198034460254,Not Recommended,244450,12392171,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,ThomasTheDankEngine,"Literally a remake of the fist one, most of the ""missions"" are the same as the first. If you are thinking about buying this don't, save you cash and just buy the first one."
76561198112661083,Recommended,244450,18741005,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,✠ ON71N3 G4M3R ✠,very good game. if u like strategy and WW2 then this is the game for u!!!
,Recommended,244450,9220572,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Mahunik,10/10
76561197996868425,Recommended,244450,12570913,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,nyurface,This game is a great game to play when you want to block out the rest of the world
,Recommended,244450,9972409,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Dylanarino,"From what i've played so far i've loved. It's brought back the immersion of the old men of war games and added very nice tweeks to this new game. The graphical difference and the characters voices have really been improved aswell. Although the game is still lacking the player vs AI combat I was wishing for and the skirmishes are just the same missions with different layouts and factions I love the online battles. there are some minor bugs that the company file out pretty quickly and some nice new improvements to the HUD, using the old engines HUD with some nice new features was a very good idea on their behalf.Now the game is out of beta and has a lot of new content, I think it has to be one of my favourite RTS games to date."
76561198079029610,Recommended,244450,9300234,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Hagarnx.AU,"- Fix the vechile Reversing BUG Please , please+ I like the improved role of infantry vs armor balance- USA shotgun range needs to be shortened.+ Small Map managment an improvment.- No 'Free for all' mode in multiplay seen. RESTORE as was in FOW- Grenade shield info a visual pain - detracts focus.+ visuals improved - ok - but ingrossing  game play gets** Suggest consider the old 'Close Combat'  Strategic map format for team play  competetionswith map regions and resource allocation of units start point  combined with Assault Zones   etc... ( a variation of AZ approach )http://static.gamespot.com/uploads/original/mig/0/6/1/6/270616-cc4_001.jpgCossacks II Napoleonic Wars has a simpified strategic map as well. - Could be adapted as a canvas for the Skirmish game choice rather that the sequential game series."
76561198347831503,Not Recommended,244450,30361863,Posted: 6 March,all,william41,"im geting error. program will be terminated APP_ERROR: unable to create the swap chain(gem\renderdx11\dx11_device.cpp,534 Eip=7510845d [native-4460] EAX= EBX=00000000 ECX= 00000004 EDX=00000000 ESI= 0012f9ao EDI=00f6b8e8 ESP=0012f870 >main men of war: assault squad 2 editor -v3.360.0-editor 2016.09.16 22:40 -0x00c5dd84 please help"
76561198000949711,Recommended,244450,10440476,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,tlsteel,Excellent and exciting game. Graphics awesome! Excellent mods available. Top notch highly reccomend this game!
,Recommended,244450,9584161,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,FREEMASON,Game of the year for me. Better than Company of Heroes 2. If you want full detail and possibility it's all here.
76561197978238059,Recommended,244450,13703241,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,BuilderMp,"The Tactical experience of this game is nice, individual units and organization is very nice, The long range artillery is my favourite. It might be me or I may need to get used to it but i find the games laggy at times. and the unit grouping of infantry a little frustrating. But overall still a good game. If you like controlling an attacking piercing army, support and supply, rear artillery support. and auctually more realistic factors such as replenishing your tanks ammo and repairing parts of the tank what get knocked out this is for you, hopefully you can get 4 of your friend with mics to play with ya !   be welll !"
,Recommended,244450,13703886,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Nasa,"if one more person says this is a company of heroes clone i will personaly create a twitter account just to chat♥♥♥♥♥♥about you. THIS IS ♥♥♥♥ING BETTER. You dont have to buy a snorkle to breath above the floods of♥♥♥♥♥♥dlc that relic has pumped out for coh2, it has a extreamly detailed damage system on tanks and stuff, a inventory system that forces you to scavenge  for ammo and not just stick a MG behind a rock and let him supress the enemy untill ur enemy finaly gets♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥a gets a motar just to blow him back to berlin and finaly cos im getting board of typing atleast its not rasist YEAH ♥♥♥♥ YOU RELIC IM CALLING YOU OUT YOU NAZI ♥♥♥♥S THE RED ARMY WILL ♥♥♥♥ING KILL YOU YOU GURBBLES FOLLOWING ♥♥♥♥S but serriously this game alows you to play as 5nations without paying any extra so yeah het it its good.But TBH mowas2 isnt that big a step up from mowas1 if you wana pick that up for a little less but the servers are down for it so you will need himatchi"
76561198352254110,Recommended,244450,30653675,Posted: 21 March,all,Veteran Soda,3/5 becuz it crashes sometimes :)
,Not Recommended,244450,30337384,Posted: 5 March,all,Reichtangle Mapping Victor,Men of War: Assault Squad with mods
,Not Recommended,244450,23785843,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Skelescuffle,"Keeps ♥♥♥♥ing crashing all the time. Servers are broken, Need DLC to play certain modes. BULL♥♥♥♥♥♥ Would not reccomend it to anyone. HUGE WASTE OF MONEY."
,Recommended,244450,11877077,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,ImperialBoner,If you liked the first men of war assault squad your going to love the this one it has better graphics and alot more gameplay.its multiplayer is amazing aswell.
76561197968653271,Recommended,244450,11881607,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,[R2] JUGGERNATE,"As I see all the 'not recommended' reviews, I can't really say that they don't have a reason to be disappointed. We all were expecting a new engine, or at least a heavily polished version of their old one. When you first boot this game up, it looks pretty much the exact same as the first Assault Squad game. Even more disappointing is the fact that it doesn't seem to run very well (I have an ATI 6990, an i7 processor, and 16gb of ram -> the game still sporadically lags and tanks FPS regardless of how high the settings are turned up).HOWEVER, even though this is overpriced at $35, and it didn't improve as much from its predecessor as I would have hoped, it is still the best WW2 RTS currently available. I can't comment on the balancing for competitive multiplayer because I've never been a huge fan of competitive RTS play. However, if you, like me, love comp-stomping cooperatively with your friends, then I would definitely recommend AS2. There's a nice variety of mission types: Some missions start you off with just a few units and they encourage a slower, more stealthy/tactical approach. Others give you fairly substantial armies but then force you to clear and capture more heavily fortified flags. The most fun missions in my opinion start with your team preparing for a massive enemy offensive and you are provided with lots of fun equipment like artillery to help with fending them off.The building destruction is still the best of any RTS. The weapons all feel meaty and seem to pack a good, bassy punch. While still not completely realistic, the damage system is far more line-of-sight oriented and consequently feels much better than the combat in other games (I'm looking at you, Company of Heroes). The ability to manually control units is still revolutionary (even though it was in the first AS game) because no other RTS has followed their lead yet.Summary: There's still way too much fun to be had with this game to say it's 'not recommended'. While it failed to improve itself significantly from AS1, it is still better than every other WW2 RTS on the market, and is right behind the Dawn of War franchise as my favorite comp-stomp/coop RTS of all time."
,Recommended,244450,11902122,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,jamesupton,"Don't expect Company of Heroes 2. Expect a far more in depth game with a steep learning curve but a LOT more depth to it. It's a good game, and don't be put off by these negative reviews below. This game has a lot going for it. The only downside is that multiplayer is PvP only, no PvE :( but other than that, this is a great game. If you want easy to play then get COH2 instead. If you want a challenge, get this."
76561198004045837,Recommended,244450,11964134,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,All Might,"Brilliant game, I absolutely love it. I can't comment on the fact that it may not be much different from Assault Squad 1 as I never played that game. The last I played was the original Men of War.Did have some minor issues at the start (to be expected) but stability has greatly improved now. Direct control is always fun in SP or MP. Unit level lock is a dam pain in MP (supposed to be so new players don't confuse themselves with too many units) it stops you from using units that would greatly help in a lot of scenarios, but saying that the host can turn it off.  Another minor annoyance is that fact that people can, and do, quit mid-game if they are losing badly which ruins the fun. Graphics are decent, mod support is good, UI is good and the MP modes are great."
76561198009026192,Recommended,244450,12848914,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Seppe,Shot High-explosiveKing tiger got launcher into orbit11/10
76561198324741617,Recommended,244450,25624437,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,kenkelsey100,this game willnot strat and i dont know why i am very upset with steam right now that i am about to deleate from my compoter that is how mad i am right now i want to play this game so bad i had just boughted last night and has already uit working and my men of war to
76561198083539535,Not Recommended,244450,24780851,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,nuklearus96,"The game just isn't all that good compared to the two other RTS I play as well (Blitzkrieg 1, Company of Heroes 2)1. Graphics/SoundGraphics are not good in this game. Don't listen to reviews that compare this game to Company of Heroes 2. Some textures are sharper, that's true but everything else is worse. The animation system is atrocious, everone looks stuck up, there are no ragdolls or realistic reactions whatsoever. When your troops get hit by an artillery shell in COH, some will die instantly and fly through the air, the rest hits the ground, and the announcer shouts at you that your men are getting attacked. In Assault Squad 2 there is nothing of this, no realistic troops reactions and this takes lots of atmosphere out of the game.The reason for the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ animation system is the antique game engine that has been overloaded with effects it can't handle. Some of the other things it's responsible for:- very low draw distance. It goes to 80m or so and behind everything becomes ugly blue fog- frequent FPS drops as soon as more stuff appears on the field- robotic and lifeless looks on everything thanks to crappy animation that is on the level of RuneScape- flame effects and explosion that look like taken from quake 3- a camera-perspective that is glued to the ground, you can't zoom out far enough- confusing interface + orders are often hit and miss and get frequently ignored- slowing down time will make the whole engine run slower including interface. Pausing makes it impossible to give orders- attaching units looks very buggy and unrealistic- really bad music/voiceacting/sound effectsNow when reading this keep in mind that the first COH came out ~2007, that's 10 years ago and this game looks worse in pretty much everything. Actually I think the graphics are worse than Blitzkrieg 1 which is mostly 2D and from 2003, because there the graphic style was well rounded and worked with game.2. SingleplayerThe singleplayer is horrible compared to both COH and Blitzkrieg. MISSIONS ARE THE SAME FOR EVERY COUNTRY. The 5th mission for the Russians is exactly the same for the Germany/British/Japanese... The whole layout is one exact copy. The map is pretty much the same with a few assets replaced, that's it. Those ""skirmishes"" have no introduction or historical information.Also the whole setup is super-horrible. If you play on normal your own infantry get an 80% bonus or so over the AI troops. Somehow that's only true for infantry, all AI-guns and tanks are just as strong as yours. To counter that malus you are starting with next to no troops in every level. And the AI has tons of equipment placed already on map.Now they could have done it like in Blitzkrieg, where you had to break their defenses with limited troops through smart use of combined arms and counting on local superiority. And that's also what I expected from the Single Player, since this game emphasizes micro-management and perfection so hard.Instead you have to capture victory points that give you better vehicles and more points to call this equipment in.AI gets 4 infantry squads and 2 tanks (that are always one rank higher than yours) every 5 minutes that charge directly into your lines which forces you to call in lots of infantry because tanks are way too expensive. That makes the whole thing superhard, while at the same time it feels like cheating because of your boni over their infantry. No idea who thought of this concept but it's superfrustrating and no fun.3. GameplayNow I only played singleplayer so far, so I can not say anything about multi (which seems to be much better from what I hear). Gameplay in Singleplayer is a buggy mess and I don't even know where to begin. The balancing problems I wrote above not counting there is so much more stuff just wrong with this game.Every order you give seems to be an attack mover order. I can tell my infantry to move to run over that field into cover, and they will stop right in the middle of the field stand there and shoot onto some lone infantry men hidden somewhere. Double clicking seems to solve this issue but it's still very frustrating. Because your troops can't shoot while moving they will get annihilated by some hidden mg-gunner, again without any reaction.It is at no point clear in the game what the visibility of your units is or why they engage some troops and ignore others entirely. At first I thought this was a line of sight issue because the map somehow makes every terrain look flat so it's easy to miss hills. But I also had troops not firing on enemys for absolutely no reason and I had to give them an extra order to do it.Pathfinding for tanks and vehicles is very bad. The nonsensical paths they use aside, they will often get stuck on insible walls or obstacles like other tanks. Instead of driving back and retrying, they will just cancel the order. You can order a supplytruck to the front and it will get stuck at the base for no reason and just sit there until you repeat the order. Direct control is not really a feature but a necessary tool to make your tanks move again.Tanks themselves are also very unfun to play because 80% of the time one of their tracks is damaged rendering them immobile. This happens so damn often in this game it's just frustrating. Sure you can repair them, but it takes forever and 10 sec later it's damaged again.The interface is very clunky and unresponsive with important information hidden from the player. For example: The inventory is opened in a seperate window similar to Fallout 4 or Skyrim. Now you can guess how well that works with 100 infantry-men and 10 tanks waiting to get their supply managed by you.The supply system is a mess as well. To resupply infantry you just have to place them around a supply truck and their ammunition fills up. To resupply tanks with ammunition you have to drive your supply truck to the tank and open both inventorys (the inventory of the supply truck is 30% outside of the screen - great interface!). But if you want to refuel a tank you can't just do that even though you see the barrel in the inventory screen. You have to open the inventory with an infantry man, give him the barrel and have him go up to the tank to refuel it. Just one example of how contradicting and unnecessary complicated the game mechanics are.Neither your infantry-men or your supply trucks have any initiative in keeping the supply chain alive. You can have an one men without ammo just 1 meter away from the supply-zone. And he will just stand there, aiming and trying to shoot his empty rifle [->I know I have complained enough about the shoddy animation, but seriously, When the soldiers aim it looks like those aimbot hackers in Shooter-multiplayer, they just instantly turn around and fire].Same with medics. For people who don't know the game: 95% of the time your soldiers don't die when shot, but are instead bleeding out with a symbol above their head that you can revive them. Now you'd expect that the medic in a squad will handle that himself, but nope, he will just stand there and do nothing.Sending squads into buildings is also a pain, because of course you want them to stand at the windows and on multiple floors, but you have to click a tiny spot in the building that's impossible to see and sometimes seems to be missing entirely.And another thing that is really bad is squad management. Squads or cohesion between units doesn't exist. As soon as you click an individual infantry men he is unattached from the rest. Squads don't even do anything apart from sharing a common ammunition pool. Some units don't even appear as squads, when you call in in motorized infantry and unload it, they get out as individual soldiers. How f***ing lazy is that from a game that calls itself ""Assault Squad 2""?!?ConclusionThe game is not the COH-killer like some reviews here suggest. It's not realistic, it's not fun, it is buggy, frustrating and looks bad."
76561198362819242,Recommended,244450,30180190,Posted: 25 February,all,howdhintx,iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii lllllllllllllllllllllllllllooooooooooooooooooooveeeeeeee iiiiiiitttttttdggybreefjgtksyetghtv
,Recommended,244450,30426658,Posted: 10 March,all,Nana_Eroshi,Good job - I like it
76561198038287396,Recommended,244450,12533966,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Tom-ahawk,This is one of the best done RTS games I have every played. Every unit and detail matters from the grenades and tools they carry to the cover and position your put your forces in. The only thing it is lacking severely is a skirmish generator. That is the one thing keeping this from being perfect.
76561198082439563,Recommended,244450,12560163,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,nukeover9000,Some how like the game but the fact some servers can have get xp and get new levels in singal player so you can use better tanks or solders in multiyplayer it makes you play the game more to get better thing so 1 vs 1 match a level 49 player on germany is the host and you the beginer thing why can't i get this and he can makeing you at an unfair adventeg.so to get around that you can chang it by hosting your own sever.But still like it to get fixed.Add more missons like in <men of war> the game.
76561198143785610,Recommended,244450,12515138,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,mikalv,10/10 :D
,Not Recommended,244450,21859470,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,~Hydric~,"The game can be fun, IF and WHEN the game decides to do what you tell it to do! Click on unit, tell it to take cover, and it just sits there. Sometimes there is a rather long pause as if the game is trying to figure out how to complete the task you told it to do. And most times, it won't! I had 3 tanks selected and I told them to attack an enemy tank and all three sat there and got killed! Then there are times the game just hangs up. It's as if the game has too much to process and cannot catch up at all! This is beyond unacceptable this day and age of PC games! If I can run most games at decent frame rates with everything on, why can't this game handle just a few explosions? I had to install a cheat mod just to play the game because of the massive amount of game stuttering! I have even tried to lower all the setting to a bare minimum and this does not help at all! This is sad since this game has serious potential!"
76561198149057796,Not Recommended,244450,24198565,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,chockta,tried to get this♥♥♥♥♥♥working for 5 ♥♥♥♥ing hours update expects me to download a bunch of♥♥♥♥♥♥that♥♥♥♥♥♥dont work give me my money back
,Not Recommended,244450,23506391,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Shreddies,"Good and can be very fun. But, in order to experiance a true sense of fun you have to use mods, the game is the exact same as Men of War 1, just on a new engine, and I mean the EXACT SAME, like same missions, not re-textures, just the same missions. AI can see you through walls, path finding can never be reliable (thank good for direct control mode) and the AI of the individual soliders is non-exisent, tell them to attack? They won't bother moving to attack if at least one person can, so in a squad of 10, if only one can see the enemy you want to attack, none of the ofther soliders will even bother attempting to move and attack. Would recommend waiting for Gates of Hell, this game is fun most of the time but is a rip off for owners of Men of War 1 and the AI need a LOT of work, that is a big flaww in a rts."
76561198144285558,Not Recommended,244450,26315674,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,SirTwinkleToes,Fun game but it won't start up it just keeps opening the launching men of war assault squad 2 and closing it and the developer seems that it does not want to fix it.
76561198010054628,Not Recommended,244450,26358046,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,ak47communist,"This game is like a Dodge Viper filled with ♥♥♥♥. It's pretty on the outside with the screenshots but then once you buy it and play it, you begin to realize you just bought an entire load of ♥♥♥♥. The User Interface was programmed by a Elementary school child and is absoluting confusing and a mess to try to start a skirmish match. The very first minute of this game, I absolutely knew it was going to get worse and after 15 minutes, I immediately felt buyers remorse."
76561198175823613,Not Recommended,244450,26237858,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,demonslayer98345,played one misson then i couldnt play it again after that
76561197997690196,Not Recommended,244450,23433863,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Antare,"The game is a mod of the previous ´Assault Squad´ with a few new missions. To play against the computer in custom scenarios you have to buy a DLC. These scenarios often will not play or the enemy stays at the end of the map. A number of seemingly useless updates of the game have destroyed the many mods and missions made by users, so the automated download of these fine complements through the Steam Workshop is of little use. A fine game in itself, it you don´t have the first edition of ´Assault Squad´ - but now they are about to launch a new game in the series, so efforts will likely shift to that game. All in all - little reason to buy this game."
76561198119485749,Recommended,244450,9586615,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,kevinfan,One of the best games of WW2!
76561197999819339,Recommended,244450,9764024,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,CETNIK,"Keeps crashing, can't handle us mission philipines when units started gathering game can't handle it and crashes its ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t totally kills my experience i can't play till they fix this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, fun game but has alot of problems unplayable unless u do multiplayer which is very hard almost impossible to get a game going"
,Recommended,244450,9603627,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Rage inc,"God the AI on this game are stupid. Can they seriously PLEASE be fixed? I swear they've been dumbed since Mowas..... NOT pleased. It's not that I don't recomemnd the game, but the AI are seriously stupid. Oh, and also fix the problem with armoured vehicles where they always seem to get confused as to what to target, so they always end up moving their turrets from left to right constantly..."
76561197975698119,Recommended,244450,9587644,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Crewchief,Keeping strategy old school *THUMBS UP*
76561198042408798,Not Recommended,244450,24325922,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,rene_flinn,crap
,Not Recommended,244450,31906895,Posted: 22 May,all,le frère de l'orangutan,pretty much a re-skin of men of war assault squad... not worth wasting an extra 15$
76561198070049182,Recommended,244450,9783655,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,jonathan.partyka,There is not a lot of maps and there is no planes
76561198038436430,Recommended,244450,9793169,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,surfingwithstu,Please get rid of the dots....Well It could have been a good game.. Im a huge fan of the first Assault Squad and the first men of war games.. You could move fine without the stupid little dots that show where u move too..and not happy with the veiws... please get rid of the dots when u move your men.. Please go back to old format.. also when is the game done
76561198009771364,Recommended,244450,11890404,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,adspiderd67,"hey guys, i confirm this game the best in strategy!!!!no other i can say!!!bye"
,Recommended,244450,11962436,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Slickhuey23,"Amazing, if only they made a modern version 90's or something"
76561198120539050,Recommended,244450,12326061,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Spartan,i love the game and the sequal but my pc is low end and i have performance probles but other than that i love the game
,Not Recommended,244450,33848390,Posted: 27 July,all,TGQUltimate,"-Rep ♥♥♥♥♥♥ AI, Cant follow simple directions. Spend money on a game that cares about its AI"
,Not Recommended,244450,33212657,Posted: 3 July,all,j_ews,"bad game, it won't even launch.1. I have eighty minutes of playtime, which was waiting for the freaking game to start. I'm processing a refund,Don't buy the game until it's finished."
76561197982307088,Recommended,244450,11703242,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,JOLLESEK,I like this game
76561198193577283,Not Recommended,244450,24232138,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,MisterMeeceGCW,2 things describe ita sausage and yogurt
,Recommended,244450,13886271,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,The Stumpinator,It is an amazing game but it needs more units and more focuse on a singleplayer storyline like CoH which has a great storyline like the TIger Ace campaign. Also realistic weapon ranges would be good instead of about 127 meteres is the max range for an 88mm gun. But overall a good game.
76561197972516329,Recommended,244450,13919008,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,JDPUK,"Absolutely amazing game, hands down one of my all time favorites. I enjoyed the COH/COH 2 series for sometime, though IMO this game completely surpasses it. You have access to five factions, I mostly use the Japanese, though I have tried all five and they are all unique and fight in their own way. The AI is fantastic, nothing better than seeing the AI take over one of your primary weapons systems, or seeing a sniper, take over a machine gun nest on his own to slow down a large scale advance of enemy forces, awesome to see. The Infantry are the best I've used ever in a game, they move so realistically and behave as you would expect from a group of real soldiers, they are very tactical, their movement is something to see.There are hundreds of units overall in this game, each nation has a bevy of options, nothing cooler than calling in a Japanese Banzai attack - it's where you use a card to enable the AI to send 3-4 light tanks and about 20 infantry units immediately upon an area of your choosing. Each nation has unique features such as this, for example the British can call in a SAS-SOF group to augment their efforts. Graphics are amazing, the new patch today, added some awesome shaders and improved the overall implentation of advanced graphics capabilites. I definitely prefer the realistic look of AS2 over the COH series, much more realistic and detailed. Overall an exceptional game in every regard. Strongly recommend this to anyone who is looking for a fantastic game to play."
,Recommended,244450,13934528,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,guero3k,The best WW2 game I have ever played to date. I was in love with company of heroes but after a while it felt very arcadeish. After a while  I decided to purchase this game and it turned out to be one of my favorite games. I would definitely recommend and a much better game than company of heroes. Only bad thing about the game is that it doesn't have a story campaign but very compelling missions though.
76561198049614185,Recommended,244450,13733285,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Neon Drifter 2098,"Quite realistic i guessA lot of problems you need to care aboutlike munitions and stuff which would make you crazyso if you dont wanna care stuff like that I recommand you to buy CoH instead of this gameMost of the missions are like the samejust different nation, weapons , etc"
76561198016692145,Recommended,244450,13919801,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Talented Mr Ripley,It's just like ASL/Close Combat. You must get this game. For the love of all that is holy.
76561198008260349,Recommended,244450,13750298,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Shubacka66,"I have played a lot of MOW Assault Squad 1 wich is my no 1 WW2 RTS game. after COH, At first I was very doubtfult whether I should buy this game or not because there isn't much that is new for this title in it's core, the game have a lot of bad critics because of that, and it is certanly understandable. it is more or less the same maps as Assault Squad 1, which I think is a very poorly job from the developers, they claim the graphics is better, but I really can't see any difference, not that this is a graphical game in the first place. what more did they change in this ""new"" sequel then? not much at all, in fact, it feels like playing Assault Squad all over again, (in it's core) it's the same friggin game! there is only 1 or 2 new maps, but, yet I am not disapointed I bought it, even though I am very disapointed with what the developers have done to the game which is more or less nothing, why you might ask? because this sequel have a workshop! there is a lot of new maps you can download and play, so after you done that it feels kinda new even the core game is the same old, this game is now quite fun to play again thanks to the new downloadable content, I think it's much player created material, Assault Squad 1 don't have a work Shop, so I recommend that you buy this game instead of the previous. if you have played the first game and want more, then you just got to have this game, it's the same fun as allways. so I recommend it if you can get it on sale, and for you that haven't played the first game yet, I also recommend it for die hard fans of Men of war thanks to the downloadable content. but that is only why I recommend it, there is still a lot of fun you can get from this game."
,Recommended,244450,30767750,Posted: 27 March,all,mohammadsab,The only things that made me like this game is you can set soldiers what to do.For example you can order them to repair a tank or get ammo from KIA soldiers.I'd recommend this game.
76561197962746178,Not Recommended,244450,9166090,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,cat,"An absolute NO-buy recommendation in its current state.Technical issues:-Collosal load stutter ingame-Connecting to a game lobby takes 20 or more seconds, if it actually gets through-At least 5 different crashes both ingame and during loading related to missing models and textures-Constant low fps (unless the game is paused)-Complaining about these issues in the group chat got me banned from that chat.EDIT:-While the lesser bugs (crashes due to missing or wrong filenames) have been fixed, there is still no stable performance.All of that on a rig that exceeds the minimum requirements by far (4x3600 CPU, GF465GTX 1GB, WIN7 64)Even for a beta (5 weeks before release) this is a catastrophic mess. Considering the previous game in the MOW series released without any of these issues. And now the release date has been pushed back.General Game issues:The game is basically a graphics update with very little actual new gameplay features.The new interface changes are mostly superficial.The 8v8 mode is not something new. The original Men of War (before MOWAS1) already had 16 player support and maps that supported it. Trying to sell this as a new feature is bad.The only hard reasons to get the new MOWAS2 is the advertised multicore support, some higher texture resolutions and steam workshop support.Now the issue is that they failed to provide the advertised multicore support during the last 6 weeks and seeing how they tripped over the 20 february release date and pushed it back I am skeptical about delivery in the next 5 weeks.The improved graphics (normal maps, higher texture resolutions for terrain) can not be counted as working because performance is so bad that players with high end rigs still have to turn down settings.Digital Mindsoft also seriously lacks in profesionalism in the PR department. Players have been banned for days and weeks for pointing out flaws in new patches and negative reviews or comments are often attempted to be removed.An absolute NO-buy recommendation in its current state."
,Not Recommended,244450,25167361,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,満貫,"YOU DONT LIKE THE GAME? YOU GET BANNED:imgur.com/a/zNQXVThe game itself is a less buggier version of Men of War: Assault Squads.Singleplayer Experience* All missions are identical ""Capture the Flag"", while enemy spams infantry and tanks.* No bots - this one is a doozy, Ill get to it later.Multiplayer Experience* No way to save in-game replay, another doozy (you are able to capture screen)* Less than 200 active players at peak* Community divided between mods as devs are unable to deliver* Noobs getting kicked from veteran games and vice versa, people also getting kicked mid match due to host raging* Rampant ragequitting (guy loses a tank, its time to Exit the game)* Hastily implemented matchmaking is utter carbage and doesnt deliver* Grind XP to unlock units (became irrelevant after devs realized they ♥♥♥♥ed up)On top of these highlights, the devs have sold us the same game pretty much 3 times.Bots and Replay became available with a DLC and they are far from perfect implementations one would expect, when paying money for these features in 2016. Command and ♥♥♥♥ing Conquer had bots and it was released in 1995.Bots - again only gamemode is another capture the flag. Frequency of bot spawning units depend on the difficulty. After that they just walk towards flags and chill out. Wow.Replay - crashes infrequently, cannot be rewinded, cannot be fast forwarded, become incompatible with an update meaning you will only be able to watch replays of the latest version of the game.This is where I draw the line, I was a loyal supporter of DMS in the past, bought the game pretty much 3 times with all the DLCs and Complete Editions that were released. In addition I have bought other MoW style games DMS has released. I refuse to buy this incomplete carbage for the 4th time as Origins.♥♥♥♥ you and your ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥buggy game.PS!DeltaDude contacted me in person wondering about the negative review. I will reiterate my main point as he was so busy unfriending me seeing that just saying a personal ""Hello"" didn't sway my opinion on the matter. While he tried to point out that 1C did all the decisions, it should be up to DMS to be the middlemen and either do a stellar job on fixing the game or do something about the situation ie. contact 1C themselves.If 1C/DMS showed some respect for their loyal customers and gave Origins for free for those who have bought Men of War, Men of War Assault Sqauds 1 + DLC and Men of War Assault Squads 2 + DLC, then I would be willing to change or remove my review. At the moment the fact that the game is buggy and the fact that the loyal customers have gotten screwed over is the reason this review stands.PPS! Its a shame that we cannot see users up and downvoting reviews. Would be a real treat to see the whole DMS team and their loyalist going around and thumbing down negative reviews.But, but, but... you have over 1000 hours spent in-game. Well, most of the times when I drop food on the ground I pick it up and eat it. I paid 3 times for this garbage, might as well play it.Few good examples on other devs treating their customers:Skyrim - gets remastered, free for DLC ownersDMS - one of the few companies that punishes customers for getting involved early.#boycottdigitalmindsoftE: Anybody with differing opinion will be outright banned from the chat or devs buddies instagate in the chat and upon defending yourself, you ll get chatbanned. :D"
76561198084118088,Recommended,244450,9212143,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Union started the Civil War,"REEEAALLLYYYYY fun game, BIG improvement from MoW AS, but I can't ever play multiplayer unless I play with a freind."
,Not Recommended,244450,28439096,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Atom,"I must have missed something...I've read many reviews of the game and it seemed to be a good game, ""mix between blitzkrieg and coh"" with some realistic things like penetration mechanics... So I decided to buy it.I got dissapointed af.-Camera control is terrible (why moving it up and down is so freaking slow?? cursor goes out of the screen on sides 1/2 times)-The game is absolutely NOT noob friendly (atleast to me...)-Multiplayer battles are a mess (1h to get in a working battle above 150ms)-Multiplayer battles feel like 10fps even if my client is 100-Why can't I get same units as ennemies online (no tanks no AT and they have mortar, tanks and AT?)I'm a big fan of Blitzkrieg & Company of Heroes franchise (CoH2 less it's too arcade, but CoH1 Blitzkrieg mod rocks!) and this is absolutely not the same thing.I had such a terrible gaming experience on this game I'm not sure if I'm going to launch it again..."
76561198088921926,Not Recommended,244450,9656901,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Ekati,"The UI is horrible, the graphics are abysmal (for 2014), half the time you don't do anything since units just charge and die...This isn't worth $1 let alone the 30 I paid. If it was listed as an Idie game I'd have been more forgiving, but this coming from an established developer is just woeful... Don't waste your money."
,Recommended,244450,9325940,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Lazoris,"Great sequel to the first Men of War: Assault Squad.  Thus far in the beta I do not notice much difference, which is great, because the first one was great, however I cannot wait to see all the new stuff they will be adding to the game.  The graphics do seem a little more intense, but not by much.  If your pc can run the first one, you will run this one just fine."
76561198011156110,Recommended,244450,10744580,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,WastΣD,Just  an awesome game!
,Recommended,244450,10855912,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Jim Lahey Trailer Park Supevisor,"Considering I have very small amounts of game time, take this review lightly. However, it is a very fun game. I was torn between this and Company of Heroes 2. The answer that repeated itself was ""Company of Heroes is checkers, this game is chess"". I have found that very true. This is much more complex and rewarding to play. Being able to have the option to do so many things is great. This is my very first RTS game but I enjoy it a lot. I do recommend it. For 30$ (summer sale) I have found the game to so far be worth it."
,Recommended,244450,9733943,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Daniloyn,Very Good !!!
,Recommended,244450,9882348,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Bepis Prime,IS RLY GOOD
,Recommended,244450,11097584,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,[CM] AdrianK,"Great RTS game, one of my favs. This is one of those games that allow you to individually control the units in the battlfiled and you can assign them into squads. You can even allow them to willingly move around so that they will automatically move closer to the target without even touching them but its not recommended in matchmaking. This game has a lot of great mods as well, the community is so helpful and overall this game is just a bunch of fun. I do not regret buying this game at all the first time I got it."
,Recommended,244450,9483687,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Karadorn,"Beta, it needs more people."
,Recommended,244450,11011202,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Wolf,Awesome
,Recommended,244450,11109018,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Casey's Mom,"It is definetly a game worth buying. It looks similar to the original MOWAS, but there are some key differences."
76561198097410107,Recommended,244450,9758382,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,[LE] bob,best game ever but it takes some getin use to
76561198243635422,Not Recommended,244450,28398464,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Olive,This game sucks major♥♥♥♥
76561198114899327,Recommended,244450,11803240,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Trump steaks,good
76561198050608935,Recommended,244450,9872489,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Seductive Butter,I love this game so much fun. Only thing i don't like about it is the multiplayer. Multiplayer has such high ping and fps lag its just unbearable. Other than that its really good and can't waiet for commonwealth to be brought in.
,Recommended,244450,11890881,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,tay sway,If You Have The Mental Capacity To Play This Game Its A Ball!
76561198189947465,Not Recommended,244450,24147284,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,ZACH2123,the game wont even let me play keeps saying some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t about program being terminated FIX YOUR ♥♥♥♥ING GAME ALREADY i didnt pay money to have it say program terminated
,Recommended,244450,10080098,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,BlackTiger0091,Makes Company of Heroes 2 Cry!!!!!!
,Recommended,244450,10120249,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,bowjangles510,"The soldier in charge of the bazooka blew himself up, landed in a small pool of water, started swimming then ran across the map to cap a point. 10/10"
,Recommended,244450,10809575,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Hans213,"We play COH1 and COH2 and like them very much, but MOW AS2 is a super game."
76561198023871579,Recommended,244450,10908662,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Si,"Best game I've played in a long time - attention to detail is awesome. Been playing Company of heroes (original) tried 2 and that was crap. So gave this a shot, like I said, it's friggin awesome - can take control of a vehicle in 3rd person and drive right through the centre of a mansion. Animations are soo cool (climbing on top of the tanks and helping the wounded) there is juat so much to do in a single game."
76561198056191229,Recommended,244450,12469782,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,jpwetzelxm15,"The best RTS WWII game ever created  PERIODPlease, please continue making more of this game!"
,Recommended,244450,10805894,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,OBookman,best micro management strategy after close combat series.
,Recommended,244450,9367642,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Ninja Nay,Dis good man ye
76561198020392967,Recommended,244450,9570486,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Bitch Please,it's the 20th of march: RELEASE THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GAME
,Recommended,244450,9558082,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,EnigmaEffect,Sick Game and its still only in Early Access can't wait til its done fully and more content coming :)
76561198017489751,Recommended,244450,9554283,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Ryuk,=) Awesome game
76561197973206553,Recommended,244450,9369215,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,patweb01,"Cool parts- out of ammo and health indicators on troops.  Multiplayer seems solid, so far.Not Cool-  Single player much like previous game.  Hopefully they release MANY MORE missions.  Heck, there are people already modding to get the nations not given in the beta.I wish your troops only picked up the ammo they needed, instead of all of the ammo of a specific type until they are full."
76561198318238027,Not Recommended,244450,31726175,Posted: 13 May,all,BogusMars,i cant move the camera it just like the first one
,Recommended,244450,9592131,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Far North,Men of war is awesome. All you need to know.
76561198078476091,Recommended,244450,9750098,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,History,its a great game i love it i recommend this game AND THE MODS ARE FUN and if you like history like me you will love yhis game!
,Recommended,244450,9591861,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Ferid Bathory,Men of War: Assault Squad 2 beta version of the early access game. First the Skrimish I only have been able to play with the Germany and the United States so far since the other factions are coming later. The 5 missions that are available they all starting up to be the almost the same but with another terrain and enemy to battle against. Which make the game very interesting since you have to experience the same awesome mission more than twice and the challange of the battle reminds to always suprice me.The difficulty in this game matter much if you are not or are an experience player. If you most likely play on Heroic you can be stuck for hours same in Hard difficulty. Medium and Easy still takes a lot of time because the game developers designed this to be a defensive and offensive strategy maps. A lot can change on the battlefield that can change the way of victory which I like. This's really the one of the year greatest Strategy game out there so test your might in WW2 game and show what you would do to be victories in this game and war!Multiplayer system using steam servers and that's great no more gamespy wohoo! although I experienced some heavy lags but besides that it's like normal Men of war Assault Squad Multiplayer system with more maps and with 2 new game types Day of victory and Assault Zones Extreme. Still waiting for more players to host games and play the Skrimish together with some random players one of the more things I like.Men of war gives you the map editor which you can create your own awesome maps and you are also avalible to download mods in to this game with the use of steam workshop. Mods that you can use later to increase the amount of fun in this game and a lot of opportunites to make this game better.I see no reason why to ignore such a great and cheap game if you are a great fan to WW2 games and love tank battles and infantry actions get this game now!
76561198079748660,Recommended,244450,30767542,Posted: 27 March,all,FourthTwentyReich,Buy this game.
76561198298162019,Not Recommended,244450,33568896,Posted: 15 July,all,Jaredgross1996,game wont even load
76561198155612455,Not Recommended,244450,31331541,Posted: 23 April,all,The Carnivores Master,Confusing. buy the Men of war Colectible pack. (i think that is what it is called or something like that.) it has 3 games and some DLC.
,Recommended,244450,11908675,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Evocracy,If you were a fan of the old close combat games (age range now known) then this game will definately take you back into those intense moments.  I love the improvements on the previous assault squad.
,Recommended,244450,11913938,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,RAZ0RGAM1NG,Great game highly reccomend
76561198024722233,Recommended,244450,11926345,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,ZzALL13SzZ,"I recommend this game to any RTS player and even those new to RTS its extremly adictive and worth the money. The editor like past MOW games is very good and is amongst the best and easiest to use, you can create endless battles, missions, base deffences absolutely anything you like well worth the money although i do not recommend getting the deluxe edition as it is not really woth it, down to the fact that it does not really do anything but over all great game. Ive been playing since the original game faces of war."
,Recommended,244450,11931373,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,SpacePot 420,Its the best men of war game that i have played
76561198086430662,Recommended,244450,11961381,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Fueled_byRamen,Fun.
76561198001564014,Recommended,244450,11928547,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,JadedCotton??,",mau! WERTH"
,Recommended,244450,10910875,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,quantumhaddock,[On the basis that you are playing the single player only]On the condition that you don't own/haven't played the first game then I can firmly recommend this game as enjoyable. However if you have played or even completed the first game then don't bother with this game. Other than a couple of new maps most are identical maps but with updated graphics.
76561198122515305,Recommended,244450,11929524,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,trav,first off i love the game but one problem i cant play it becuase when i start it up and then a little white screen and it says lots of stuff on it and then i click the x and ok and then im back at my home screen and i really want to play it but cant can someone help me plz any info or anything that can help i will be thankful for your help.
,Recommended,244450,11961199,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Banana Joe,If you like Company of Heros then you will truely love this game.  It is like CoH meets Commandos!
,Not Recommended,244450,32100755,Posted: 31 May,all,レギュレーター,"Workshop downloads ruined the game for me. I install a mod, try to activate it. Nope, I'll load for all of eternity. I unsubscribe, and voila. the mod is there. Then when I go to reopen it again, Steam workshop decides to be a♥♥♥♥♥♥and starts the download again, causing me to be unable to even launch the game."
76561198157306332,Not Recommended,244450,28510846,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,schwollenheit,"You are better off saving your money for the newer game (if they have fixed the bugs from this version) than buying this one.I plowed a couple of hours into the game, but eventually the awkward bugs made me stop. Mouse movements were not registered sometimes, things locked up, strange bugs in the physics engine (watch videos by Judska to see what I mean).If it would have been two years ago yes, but in the winter of 2016 you can spend your money better elsewhere."
,Not Recommended,244450,21415556,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Lusty Argonian Maid,"From the start, the game seems very.. Complicated. When I click on a squad it only selects one soldier. I know I can select the whole squad, but when I was playing with someone else, I was getting yelled at for doing something wrong.All and all, I don't really like the game. It has too much things in it for me to handle at once."
76561198083485172,Not Recommended,244450,33810302,Posted: 26 July,all,nemofoot22,The game is alright but having to pay for skirmish in an RTS is absolutely ridiculous. Buy company of heroes 2 instead
,Not Recommended,244450,12341913,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,MSM-07E Z'Gok-E Edea Custom,"Tanks have 800x the range Anti Tank Infantry do, your Gameplay is invalid."
,Recommended,244450,9240306,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,CMDR.XeoniX.,Best WW2 RTS game!!!!
,Recommended,244450,12599791,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Eugene III,Good but should be a mode where you can just buy anything and just have unlimited money like a sandbox mode.
,Recommended,244450,9215110,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,HawiianHobo,yay
76561198051774920,Recommended,244450,9215927,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,shekellord,"Great game, highly recommend"
76561198055285376,Not Recommended,244450,33021283,Posted: 29 June,all,GrantWoT,"This game is about as fast-paced and interesting as watching paint dry. There is no fun allowed in MOWAS 2. Buy it if you want to watch your army of vehicles, artillery, and men be completely wiped out no matter how careful you plan or how big your numbers are. You'd be better off just throwing your $30 in the garbage and saving your PC the space."
76561198024850765,Not Recommended,244450,12455407,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,ackee1966,Great game until you download a dodgy Mod. The game has been unstable ever since can continually crashes  despite several uninstall and reinstallations. It has now become too infuriating to play what was once the best real time strategy game in my collection of games.
,Recommended,244450,9209238,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Monty [Padre],The game is a briliant addition to the series and thanks to the modding community has been a outstanding game to play. I wish it included more units from other nations and a set of missions which revolved around a crack team of special forces!~Thanks For Another Briliant Game~
76561198013165575,Recommended,244450,10113056,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,fowl intentions,"Fun game.  Enjoying it immensely.Full Release: 220 hours laterStill enjoy this game.  There are issues that have cropped up, while others have been fixed.  The only big issue is OOS that started with the intro of dx10.I dont get OOS in 1v1 or 2v2s.  But seems like 3v3's and bigger are getting them.Singleplayer is working fine as ever.DLCs: worth it? meh.  I got them, and I enjoy them.  However it's not necessary so I dont really find them to be worth it for the average player.  I do enjoy watching the replays to see what the other guy did and how they beat me.  I also have been using the AI bots to practice the nations I never use (USSR and Japs) and have been surprisingly decent.  So if newby, its worth it for practicing and learning for Multiplayer.I still recommend this game.  DMS has been updating the game constantly, even though it's a tiny development team.  OOS fix has no end in sight, but the fact that devs are constantly discussing it and working on it, I would hope there will be a solution.  Until then, I will continue to play singeplayer and 1v1/2v2 multiplayer enjoyably."
76561198072577596,Recommended,244450,10116250,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Spoons,be there or be square part 2
,Recommended,244450,9247481,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,RabTor,The old classics made huge. Expect battles including hundreds of men on battlefield and losts counted in thousands :)
,Recommended,244450,9580342,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Demon Hard2,"This is game is amazing if u came from COH u will think this is chess and COH is checkers more advanced and the best thing is there is never nothing to do, u can DC grenades all over the place down to controling a tank in a tank duel. i have played 670 hours of the first assault sqaud so i have some knowledge about the game i recommend everyone that is into RTS should buy this."
76561198013570112,Recommended,244450,9441216,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,fieldskai,buy this awsome game hah not much out since its in beta but its fun as hell and if ur lookin for coop gameplay add me and ill gladly play
76561197970684592,Not Recommended,244450,31941055,Posted: 24 May,all,Qrozz,Dont waste your time...or money
,Recommended,244450,11013476,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Wilfred,"Took direct control of an AT unit and fired a bazooka at a cow. needless to say, the cow is no more.10/10Must have RTS WW2 Game."
,Recommended,244450,10945995,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Sowilo,"Hi,If you have played Men of war:Assult Squad 1 you will find this a disappointment as its not Assult Squad 2. It should have been called Men of war Assult Squad 1 Remastered. It Reuses many of the same maps as the orignal and has minimal changes.Fortunately some of the changes such as Defense missions, Steam integration makes Mutliplayer easier and mods awsome.These changes add alot to the game.Now that being said Men of war:assult squad 1 was one of the best RTS WWII games ever. Its compeditor Company of Heros is Dwarfed by this game. When I got Company of Heros I was hoping it would Take a look at men of war Assult squad but they didnt.If you like any RTS games or Company of heros If you give a bit of time to this one you will realize its superior to Company of Heros 2 in almost every way. From the Ability to aim your tanks yourself to the damage physics. Make sure to press e on your tanks and aim them yourself."
,Recommended,244450,9338068,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Godzilla.Maluco,"I love this series, and the new assault squad, already is my favourite. The new map (beta) is gorgeous detailed and the new song effects brought more realism. If you like second war and real time strategy, you need to buy this game.The producers have earned my respect for caring about the old costumers. Bringing back the old maps updated, giving discount for having assault squad one, and the precaution for a ""no bug"" release, show us  a important thing: Respect for the gamers. Thank you guys for the great release. Bring us more!"
76561198074515295,Recommended,244450,9489865,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,BoomBoxOi,super fun game for oitastic
76561198045976944,Not Recommended,244450,34553267,Posted: 28 August,all,JuicePriebe,"Bought the game, downloaded it, and it never loads up. WASTE OF MONEY BIG TIME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,244450,9391864,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,MrBorn,CoH2 feels like a stupid arcade after this masterpiece! Recommended!
,Recommended,244450,10926230,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,James,"Where Company of Heroes 2 Failed. This game took it above and beyond, Keeping with the true aspects that made the first game an epic on my list. AWSOME GAME! Sorry COH 2 You Failed! This is how you make a strategy game."
,Not Recommended,244450,22467516,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,ColloseusX - Need Game Testers,"Possibly the worst AI i have ever seen, there were points i was actually laughing at how stupid my soldiers were"
76561197996000762,Not Recommended,244450,25217220,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Fjord,"constant crashing,devs dont fix the bugs,nothing is working"
76561198092231249,Not Recommended,244450,22133373,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,K-2SO,nerds
76561197994644834,Recommended,244450,9759202,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,MAJOR_SOLID_SNAKE,This a great game
76561198028822110,Recommended,244450,9771690,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,buddaBIGboom,i laud ur hard work at creating the maps   i wanna play dem but i think the west frnt map corrupted as2 files kept getting block terminator error    got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off
76561198300355685,Not Recommended,244450,23260832,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Eurogamer,don't get
76561198139225156,Recommended,244450,11920138,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Oberleutnant Hans Von Dienst,"This is assault squad 1 but with more stuff, and workshop mods. ( need to get exp to unlock multiplayer units, or you can just use mods)"
76561198038501882,Not Recommended,244450,34877396,Posted: 10 September,all,bridge2012,for some reason my game will no longer play it it doesnt even start it keeps saying error everytime i reinstall it
,Recommended,244450,28387865,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,✪BandZ,I've never been happier when killing a German troop and wearing his own helmet11/10 Would Recommend and will totally wear a German Troop helmet again.
76561198038713273,Recommended,244450,17277569,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,rexpw622,BEST GAME EVER BEST MILITART STRATEGY EVER U CAN GO FROM TACTICALY COMMANDING A SQUAD FROM EAGLE EYE VIEW TO A FIRST PERSON SHOOTER GAME ITS SOOOOOOOOOOO COOOOL BROH
76561198039644196,Not Recommended,244450,9577225,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Noah,"I change my review. Don't buy this game for 30 dollars. A cheap copy of AS1 and nowhere near the level of amazingness that MoW 1 was. Even Red Tide--hell, even Vietnam is a better game than this. Do not buy unless it is 5 dollars or you have not played AS1."
76561198070307406,Not Recommended,244450,25138405,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Yolofessional,"Caution:Do not buy this game. It has bugs. They never get fixed, or more things are broken when an attempt is made. The devs are hostile, and really have a problem with english speakers. I am curious to see how long before they pull this review.The game it's self would be stale in 2000.  The maps are about the size of my driveway. Every faction has the same units, with different skins. Every match can be won with selecting your mob, and clicking at the enemy base. Zero use for tactics. Zero learning curve. Zero thought.There are better options. For WW2 RTS, just stick with company of heroes as that game does everything this game does, but better. If you want a good 20th century RTS, try the Wargame franchise, like Red Dragon. If you want a russian game, try Tetris. If you want a better use of your time and money than MoW:♥♥♥♥♥2, literally anything will do: try sitting in a corner and light your $20 on fire and you will have a much better time than anything this game will ever offer.Easily the worst experience I've ever had on steam."
,Recommended,244450,9246004,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Evan,"Assault Squad's aditional graphical aditions add a nice touch to the game, the new camo skins for tanks and units based on what seaon the map is on also add a great element of camoflague to the game.I find that some of the ingame calculations seem more correct, for example a t-34 taking a at round head on will pentrate it but if the tank chasie is rotated to the left or right so it has more of a angled degree the rounds will deflect, i find that the units act better than assault squad 1 and that the bullet balistics are better and that the cover system is more accurate.all in all this is a good adition to the Men of war series has enough aditions to deem a purchase but all in all i love men of war series so i would give it a 10/10 even in beta."
,Recommended,244450,10783759,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Krax,Great multiplayer/team game
76561197963588013,Not Recommended,244450,23657734,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Ushiri Arrowhell coop,"DO NOT BUY!It´s completely broken now. I think the devs abandonded it, It does notwork to start in anyway. Save your money and buy ""Men of war "".I tried veryfying files, starting in safemode with no mods, starting withsafemode only. Nothing works.I wrote on the forums about the problem that it doesnt startbut have not gotten any answers, and so have no others thatasked about it.If you buy it be sure to ask for your money back before youhad it installed for 2 hoursthen it´s not possible to refund."
76561198004687351,Recommended,244450,9460544,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Herculas,VERY nice.. ultimate RTS. no base building rush tactics..
,Recommended,244450,31709017,Posted: 12 May,all,kool.kevin2006,"absolute terrible golf game, i hit further than 180 yards irl, and this game maxes out at that, so hitting a par on a par 4 is almost impossible, then you get matched with the dwindling fanbase (level 30+) who have already leveled all of their skills, and are able to crush the ball, and make you look stupid. very discouraging to play against these people when you can't clear the first bunker on the map. Do NOT waste your time. You're welcome."
76561198006681349,Recommended,244450,9254306,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Anubis,YES!!! - that is all :)
76561198119334529,Recommended,244450,9364746,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Captain Caboose,this is an awesome game have a lot of fun on it. but the multiplayer severely laged for me the last time i tried the mutiplayer
,Recommended,244450,9377200,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Arlo  [MowC],Very good game many improvements on the original!
76561197972599229,Recommended,244450,10953827,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,freakshowfreak,"Having a blast with skirmishes with friends.The way you need to manage your army makes it fee l much more real.For  each soldier you can change/gather difrent weapons, you can make him man guns or vehicles.you can try to kill the crew of an enemy tank and then capture it or if you are unlucky they might do that to youfor me this is much more ingaging then games like a coh and has a lot more of small strategy elements.......so if you like rts games you should have played a game out  of this series cause they are really unique."
76561198092648354,Recommended,244450,9569886,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Kieran The Great,Highly recommend this game but u will need a good pc to run it but overall its a great game and a great addittion to the franchise
76561198140415853,Not Recommended,244450,21147639,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Setzaroth,"Terrible mechanics, confusing gameplay, economy based on kills and other arbitrary factors. No description of what units actually do, or what is good vs what, just a cluster of confusion.German tanks are basically unkillable.Buy Company of Heroes, it's superior in every way."
76561198306951850,Not Recommended,244450,29406507,Posted: 21 January,all,TL eS ◆ Ian,DO NOT BUY WASTE OF MONEY GAME HAS NO CONTENT.
,Not Recommended,244450,35086373,Posted: 20 September,all,Our Lord & Savior! Hellcase.com,it is really hard and is very very unbalanced so sadly a thumbs down from me
,Not Recommended,244450,28700979,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Bazoka810,"Too complex for my tastes, try Company of Heroes first."
76561198035037042,Recommended,244450,8832376,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Phantom Daz,"looking good at 1st ,now full game 90% of game from 1st assult squad ,no more ranked frontline or day of victory"
76561198027034399,Recommended,244450,9224888,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,SubParAtBest,"vry gud 10-10 .. much good, very wow"
,Not Recommended,244450,25213195,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Bibncent,nop
76561198027293833,Not Recommended,244450,23813925,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,I Member,"To sum up the ♥♥♥♥ery that is this game; a godamn mess. It is probably the laziest piece of garbage ive seen for a game on the market, dont get me wrong its fun to♥♥♥♥♥♥around with, grab a cpl budddies and skirmish but overall this thing is a complete disaster. I have downgraded reinstalled and everything inbetween to off and on run this lackluster cesspit excuse of an RTS far too many times, it shouldnt be so much of a ♥♥♥♥ign challenge to try to play this mediocre game. I bought this for I think 8 or 10 bucks, a worthy price for the debaucle that is MoW 2. It is such an un optimized un comprimising buggy♥♥♥♥♥♥pile that I think its embarrising that developers slap their names on it, they should be ashamed as I would be. If someone ever needs to struggle beyond a reasonable amount of effort to play your game, your clearly doing somehting wrong. Im so sick of wasting my time with this♥♥♥♥♥♥as I sit and write this while reinstalling the game since the new patch made it unrunable. FIX YOUR ♥♥♥♥ING GAME"
,Not Recommended,244450,23285984,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Mal,I played it and i can't even figure out how to operate anything
,Recommended,244450,11004193,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Natty Pack,This game is AWESOME! It is worth the price. The Skirmish missions are awesome and their are so many missions on the workshop that you can play as well.
76561198090023393,Recommended,244450,9507766,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,killer of kind,Awesome!
76561198176866635,Not Recommended,244450,32278061,Posted: 8 June,all,tomdoftomtown,youre game is brocken mods dont warck you cant move the camra in the editor and all of the god damed missons are the ♥♥♥♥ing same
76561198217318981,Not Recommended,244450,26365140,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,(*HANS KRIEGSBERG*),The game is♥♥♥♥♥♥thank god i refunded it
76561198301760200,Not Recommended,244450,30883522,Posted: 1 April,all,pr0katgamer,"Bad Game, doesn't work. Encountered black screen on start of game, it took a long time to fix. After that,  the cursor was displaced, and the game was confusing and buggy. Don't waste your money."
76561198118580574,Not Recommended,244450,29705148,Posted: 4 February,all,Lancelot,Bad
76561198105652186,Not Recommended,244450,24637798,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Vanguard,"This game has a great potential but since the developers no longer give a♥♥♥♥♥♥ its pointless to play for numerous reasons such as constant lag, shtty UI, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ maps (few that are good) and mostly as of 31/07/2016 - the game is unplayable and is constantly crashing.F*ck you for reading."
,Not Recommended,244450,34976515,Posted: 15 September,all,NafeezNoh,i want a refund. can't play this game. pack error some♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,244450,17807323,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Sekso Karalius,♥♥♥♥♥game. i playeit and i dont even win first try. game is ♥♥♥♥ing not worth playing its♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ you
,Not Recommended,244450,23049101,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Squashbuckler,"As a player who absolutely loved COH and COH 2, I find that I just cannot get into this game. I feel that the graphics and gameplay are clunky, and the lack of a campaign is a single player campaign breaker.This game just doesnt hold my interest the way COH and COH2 did, it feels like this has been done before, and way better.I think the metacritic review of 68 is more appropriate that the user reviews on steam.Purchase this game with caution, and only after reviewing the gameplay in realtime. The micromanagement in this game is painful."
76561198160697588,Not Recommended,244450,24151867,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,boogie691,peice of♥♥♥♥♥
76561198027378767,Not Recommended,244450,29691770,Posted: 4 February,all,能▇能MøñêyکђŎŤ▇能,"can someone gift me the airborn assault dlc please? entire reassion i bought this game was for skirmish mode, didint relize it didint come with base game :( Waste of 30$"
,Not Recommended,244450,31286927,Posted: 21 April,all,DiehlOrNoDiehl,This game is okay. I was expecting a different persepective and different ways to control the troops. The game is hard to learn and is hard to view your troops. The game has great graphics and is well optimized but I would way rather play a game like BTD5 over this. It is all opinionated though so you may like it. Overall I'll rate the game 3/5 stars for having a well bulit system though.
76561198365273126,Not Recommended,244450,34162645,Posted: 11 August,all,LordDankus,The game wont actually work for me soooo
,Not Recommended,244450,31415904,Posted: 28 April,all,Philip,Ctrl Alt F4
76561198115544274,Not Recommended,244450,20648788,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Fabled,"YOU KNOW AT THE BEGINNING IT WAS GOOD, UNTIL I DROPPED MY PHONE ON THE KEYBOARD IT HIT SOME BUTTONS AND NOW THE GAME HAS A BUNCH OF LINES AND NUMBERS, AND IS NOT PLAY ABLE SO DONT GET IT UNLESS SOMEONE CAN HELP ME"
,Not Recommended,244450,34974857,Posted: 15 September,all,tymyshoe34,"Meh, I only got it for the GEM editor and its way too complicated, If you want a fun and easy editor go play Arma 3's"
,Not Recommended,244450,34728203,Posted: 3 September,all,iHateHaters,"This game is trash without mods, so i installed some mods my friends recomended. Little did i know the mods added up to more than 3 gigabytes of storage. Never again am i going to play this game. >:("
,Not Recommended,244450,30766862,Posted: 26 March,all,cherrypopper666,"Worst purchase ever, horribly optimized.I wish I didnt have nearly 52 hours on it so I could get my money back, only reason I have that is due to some mods I used to play, the devs couldn't make a good vanilla game if they tried.If you disagree all I have to say is have fun with your assets from 2006, at least you have bloom now!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=av6vK6Q4JNEYou know you're doing it wrong when 8 years of your game's voice acting(actually 11 years now, they still have the same voices for CtA lol) for one of your games factions can be put into a 2:35 youtube video."
,Not Recommended,244450,32844048,Posted: 26 June,all,-{ Ishan }-,worst♥♥♥♥♥♥♥rts game i have ever played!poor gameplaypoor soundsmeh...
76561198029303348,Not Recommended,244450,29235424,Posted: 13 January,all,fishbeak,it sucks like balls and no body should play it
76561198161473354,Not Recommended,244450,30795713,Posted: 28 March,all,FoXi,No just no
76561198173245925,Not Recommended,244450,33806925,Posted: 26 July,all,RadiatedNerd,(The only good part of this game is the starwars mod)BAD-Locked into russian language-support absolutely sucks-Game story is terrible-Game multiplayer is non existent-Price is not worth it at all i would say $10 is worth it :1(Like i said the starwars mod is the only thing that is good in this game)
76561197962597998,Not Recommended,244450,25137577,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,RuffPlays,"Far too much going on, hard to get into. Cant help feel it would be a better game without all the pointless clutter and who's idea was it to give every single soldier his own skills and inventory? You don't need that level of depth! Company of Heroes does it better."
,Not Recommended,244450,30765005,Posted: 26 March,all,Ray,RTS game where you have to reload the weapons of every single soldier in your army and with a 1990 UI lol
76561198137648860,Not Recommended,244450,30757106,Posted: 26 March,all,The_Star_Wars_Guy,broken. I will give it a good rating if my situation can be fixed.
,Not Recommended,244450,23978605,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,SilentKore,"I really wanted to like this game, but it's just too confusing."
,Not Recommended,244450,25934801,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Mclane,five nights at freddy's is better. period.
,Not Recommended,244450,30777801,Posted: 27 March,all,Tasy Plays,its 4 not 3
76561198034006363,Not Recommended,244450,15068128,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,danikit,really??? after 2 days i buy the game at full price you make 75% off?
76561198101059162,Recommended,244450,30379402,Posted: 7 March,all,Poumpus Feng,"Men of War Assault Squad 2 is a game not for the faint hearted. You really need to be good at micro managing and you need to pay attention or you can die pretty quick. This games attention to detail and even more realistic with mods just gives you a sense that you really in command of men that can die within 2 shots. The maps are created beautifully and have talented mod makers and map creators, which adds a bunch of playability. By far in my experience,  maybe even my favorite rts games of all time. However, it is not good enough by todays standards to be 30 dollars still. Wait until a sale and get it for less, otherwise it's a great game, totally worth it. 7.5/10"
,Recommended,244450,30382467,Posted: 7 March,all,Legendary Beagle,Love this game even though I am♥♥♥♥♥♥at it.
76561198200811913,Recommended,244450,30383675,Posted: 7 March,all,killerkey46,awesome
76561198293470274,Recommended,244450,30390388,Posted: 8 March,all,scottdeb,One of the best  WW2 strategy games I've played. It is simmilar to Panzercorp and I like that sense of old time gamming but faster and more things to do.
,Recommended,244450,30397504,Posted: 8 March,all,*Generic_Girrafatee*,"This game is my favorite game on steam by far. It has a very fun and exiting campaign and multiplayer, that will make sure you are happy. Tons of fun mods are made by the community to boost your enjoyment of the game. Men of war assault squad 2, can be a fun and relaxing game and also a competitive exiting game. If you are thinking about getting this game, GET IT!!!"
,Recommended,244450,23735734,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Lloydddddddddddddddddddddddddddd,One of my favourite rts games.
76561198116539972,Recommended,244450,30414288,Posted: 9 March,all,Youtuber1890,Great game would highly recommend it.
,Recommended,244450,30403598,Posted: 8 March,all,Königstiger,"This game is the best WW2 RTS I have played so far. Gameplay is very addictive and engaging. It also has great graphics and sound effects,It is great that it has a very active modding community, so the game never feels dulls, or repetitive.  I recommend this game to anyone!"
76561198275961507,Recommended,244450,30402432,Posted: 8 March,all,kebyalb,"Awesome gameplay, intricate strategy, very fun game!Strongly recommend Men of War to those who like RTS's, WWII games, and good times watching things explode ahah"
76561198076271113,Recommended,244450,21372721,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,WitchDoctor [CQT],"This is definatly a fun game worth its modest 30$ price tag. Dont like WW2 warfare? Whatever. It's modding community will fix that. I've seen enhanced realism mods and conversion mods like modern warfare, Star Wars, Fallout, S.T.A.L.K.E.R, LoTR and many other different style conversion mods to make this game suit your style. This is a RTS game with unlimited potential for modding, Its like the Skyrim of RTS."
76561198162907710,Not Recommended,244450,21371581,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,tbonecadet1,it better but now you can't pick up weapons off the ground anymore which sucks when you run out of ammo
76561198280074806,Recommended,244450,21422901,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,benjamin.cox75687,This game is awesome it really steps up from previouse MOWs and gives more depth than any other MOW game.It produces a very strong singleplayer with 5 nations with variouse different maps.Where every mission atleast takes 20mins but normally can cost you of 1hr of intense strategy.Its multiplayer is pretty strong and has countless mods supporting the game.I rate this game a 8.6/10.Though the game is 24.99 compared to MOW assault sqaud 1 which cost 9.99 it is a big step up of money but if your willing to pay its definetly worth it.
76561198101914798,Recommended,244450,21412568,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,fun jump,Best game ever and good mods keep it up
76561198285742083,Recommended,244450,21377726,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,dinohotrod,This game is so cool and help relieve stress. ;}
76561198104384109,Recommended,244450,21415495,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,stinkybones3,awesome game can't stop playing it.
76561198017956596,Recommended,244450,21417010,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,warrior.20,REALSIM M MOD. makes the game harder and more exciting.
,Recommended,244450,21418213,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Waffle SS Corgi,It's one of the best RTS's I have ever played. With the in depth microing combined with being able to direct control everything.
76561197989862720,Recommended,244450,21353034,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,MATORI (SRB),Best WW2 strategy game ever.
76561198164918159,Recommended,244450,30435409,Posted: 10 March,all,Vader1120,for devs it keeps crashing everytime plz fix this or i will remove it
,Recommended,244450,29539139,Posted: 28 January,all,PFC Wallace [29th ID],"If you liked COH, You might want to check this out."
76561198103807222,Recommended,244450,29560405,Posted: 29 January,all,wangkunyang,为什么ping这么高！！游戏好玩跟一代差不多，不过dlc真是有病，把游戏拆开了卖~我还有一个问题，为什么弹药卡车没有炮弹？？？以前的弹药车哪里去了？？？？
76561198302398355,Recommended,244450,29577178,Posted: 29 January,all,Ottooman,Very good game awesome mods great gameplay love it never ever get tired of it i recomend this but the multplayer is finiky and the some cool mods are in the editor so otherwise great game!
76561198032777569,Recommended,244450,29565291,Posted: 29 January,all,tldanner,Super Game ... Very Chalanging ... Loads of fun... good work
,Recommended,244450,29537033,Posted: 28 January,all,kurt ölmedi kalbimizde yaşıyo,best♥♥♥♥♥♥i've ever bought
,Recommended,244450,15111698,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,BroDator,Its like a pizza with toppings as follows:+ Classic sudden strike / blitzkrieg series (or any other similar)+ Commandos+ Company of heroes (esp. with blitzkrieg mod)Bored with the current flavor?+ Steamworkshop support+ Active updatesdoes not like to eat alone?+ Multiplayer supportThere are no such thing as perfect in this world. Cons?- Challenging (or unbalanced?) singleplayer AI- Consume your time a bit much on a single playthrough- Heavy micro (for some people)
,Not Recommended,244450,14575858,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Pedro ACE,"Edit: Changed recommendation from ""yes"" to ""no"" due to the persistent and long running out-of-sync bug in multiplayer and DMS bad community management that's banning videos from dedicated players.Set in WWII with Japan, Germany, the Commonwealth, the U.S.S.R. and the U.S. as factions, the game contains single-player missions and multi-player co-op or several team or 1vs1 modes. It's not an easy RTS but if you like a challenge, just turn up the difficulty and have fun.This is an RTS where the level of detail is astounding, the complexity and the multitude of possible actions are amazing, as are the scenarios with destructible buildings and objects. Many WWII units are modelled and vehicles have armour and ammo penetration calculated for each hit. You even have to watch your ammunition expenditure and re-supply men and vehicles accordingly and even consider ammo types. Unit ""experience"" and other performance changing stats have now also been patched into the game and evolve per-unit (as in each single man!).Another differentiating factor from similar RTS's is the direct control option in which you can control the movement or aim/fire of a unit just like in a third-person game. This is very useful for armoured vehicles because sometimes the AI is lacking and they end up destroyed if left on their own. You can even ""cook"" a grenade before throwing it at your enemy, leaving him little or no time to escape its blast.Despite some bugs and occasional AI failures it's still very supported by the developers as the massive February 2015 patch demonstrates and has some very interesting mods and even spin-offs (e.g. modern wars and WWI).From the previous iteration of MoW:AS, not much has changed but this is still worth a buy when discounted.In sum this is a very realistic and complex WWII RTS with a lot of replay-ability from itself and the many Steam Workshop mods. Its only downside are the occasional bugs and AI, but nothing show-stopping.A must for realistic/complex RTS fans."
76561198029327703,Recommended,244450,16727425,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Juhoop,Great fun if you like ww2 strategy games. Maybe too little new material compared to MoW AS 1.
76561198102354594,Recommended,244450,16736049,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,NsT Cole Train,"Really werid gameplay from going to a select squad to a single person select. great for combinding squads like in sid masters ""armys"" where you can create almost a company but bad for leaving a guy behinde."
,Recommended,244450,16754603,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Aiden745,"Playing the USA skirmish Carentan, decided I needed an airstrike so I called one in. Instead of firing rockets at the target the plane was shot down and it crashed through two buildings and slid several hundred feet, demolishing an entire fortified bunker.10/10"
76561198182253994,Recommended,244450,16769966,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,crying sea doggo,"awesome  game, very historically accurate. :D"
,Not Recommended,244450,16824849,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,LiFT Not Tommy,"EDIT: im changing my review to negative. the out of sync for multiplayer games is just unnaceptable. it happens too frequentlythe game itself is meh. the fact firing shells is limited by range is dissapointing. even if the shells wouldn't scratch a tank it was fired at, it still would be nice to shoot.  infantry hardly respond to orders, they move very clunky and awkwardly, attack move is pretty much useless because even if your infantry spot the enemies they still keep running until half of their men are wiped out and only then do they return fire.  issues with grenades. if an enemy throws a grenade at your men, 99 percent of the time they just cower down and get blown up, rather than jump forward to prone position.  also how when you send infantry to throw AT grenades at tanks, they run up, and pause just before they throw their grenades leaving them to be easily slaughteredtanks. as for tanks, some shells that bounce off on other tanks would make you think ""what the ♥♥♥♥, how the ♥♥♥♥ is that possible?""  for instance, maybe an IS2 within throwing distance off a king tiger, shells bouncing. just toal unrealism.no planes to be able to use in custom multiplayer, only rarely can we use planes in SP. i know there's mods to use planes but that's beside the point.  also Artillery can be a gamebreaker, it is overly overpowered.i got this game at 75% off but i can still say i got my moneys worth. whether they will add more stuff to the game rather than minor patches i don't know. also the multiplayer is prone to desyncs and crashes. going on to steam overlay will black screen your game, atleast for me on a very good gaming rig.Performance wise, the game runs quite okay until city maps with big battles. on an i5 4670k @3.4Ghz 8gb Ram, 970gtx, it can dip on high-ultra perfomance to about 20-30 fps, depending.i would still even say buy it at full price, even after what i have said it is still a very great game, and a more realistic alternative to COH2."
,Recommended,244450,17388406,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Vengeance643[NOR],"Really fun game, when it works....which is about 30% of the times! Men of Crash"
,Recommended,244450,18893686,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,tormit28,"I love the physics of this game!However, it gets boring, when playing same type of missions over and over again. Still worth to try."
,Recommended,244450,30591897,Posted: 18 March,all,jon-h86,very decent game. Well done
76561198259102563,Recommended,244450,18970402,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Redmanbros1023,This game is AWSOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,244450,18967612,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,evilbobs,"Didn't know about this game... WOW so good, have reccomended to many friends."
,Recommended,244450,18822605,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,CIGS INSIDE,"spend 4 hours creating a wall of tank traps, mines, and sandbags only to realize i trapped my army in 9/10"
76561198006773050,Not Recommended,244450,18817744,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,TargetStalker,I always hoped the game would get better. I could not get into it and now hear more grumbling from dedicated players. Don't buy.
76561198099046713,Recommended,244450,18516728,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Kingdom,Very fun game but then could of left AI Battles in rather than putting it in a DLC like really
76561198255577627,Recommended,244450,18516124,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,ThatTrueWolf,Men of War: Assault Squad 2 is the strategy game I have been looking for!
76561198010809354,Not Recommended,244450,30499295,Posted: 13 March,all,Krieg Korps!,"A good game, HIGHLY recommended for WWII fans :)(Details not included)Recent News: They fixed the latest patch, whom many users couldn;t have access to it. Better late than never, eh?P.S.: Love the new and updated Devil's Brigade. My fave unit.-----------------------------------------------Changed my review to negative, again. Seems that I cannot Host games at all, whichwas possible in the previous version. I seriously don't knwo what they broke... again!"
,Recommended,244450,30549163,Posted: 16 March,all,Gh0stly,I dont know why but it wont let me get onto the game i click play and it says starting and than nothing happenes
,Recommended,244450,30548698,Posted: 16 March,all,✪ Shady,"""Great Graphics and endless fun with editor!"" 9/10"
76561198152287889,Recommended,244450,18362798,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Defalt_,"Great game, people say it sucks but, if you like WW2 history like I do you will love this game. True a lot of the thinks you do in this game are not history related i.e. using sherman tank in the german defence of omaha beach."
76561198124894119,Recommended,244450,18553619,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,theketh,so much fun damn
,Not Recommended,244450,18538336,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,FaTaL-eLeMeNt,A poorly redone republish of an identical game with so many bugs (as are described in numerous other reviews). A true mar on an otherwise great series.
76561198120503297,Recommended,244450,18556829,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Boneless Ducks,Best rts ever
76561198093112446,Recommended,244450,18599070,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,General Grievous,can i get help pls it seys no sdl file pls helš ty
76561198092035284,Not Recommended,244450,18732931,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,tankmother,"Spoiled game with a great potential.I have spent many hundred of hours playing MoW, MoW AS and finally AS2. And I can tell you that this series is very addicting. But sad truth is that Assault Squad 2 has so many small issues that I was finally♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off ending up with this negative review.I don't want to write a lot here - just look at the negative to positive review ration. It is insane. After another crash in the middle of multiplayer I feel it is time for me to vote it down. I hope it will push developers towards game-play improvements and common sense."
76561198152077929,Recommended,244450,30581492,Posted: 17 March,all,IHaveNapkins,"I love this game, it offers 100s of Hours and has given me countless amounts of joy. If you are looking for a stratgey game with mods this is it. Almost no game  offers this stuff."
76561198139891853,Recommended,244450,18689459,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,jacksondog4,good game just cant play  skirmish
,Recommended,244450,18177451,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,el hombre woopy,"This game is amazing if you like strategy only thing that is to dislike about it is the fact that its lag alot when you play online and the fact that there is no tutorial on how to play this game, i had to go through the hassle of looking through fourms or youtube. I wish there was in game tutorials cause there's probably more things out there that I still dont know about and yes i am still kinda noobish to this series but thank god i bought it cause it is one of the best and only ww2 rts out there that is realistic."
76561198158789028,Recommended,244450,30540805,Posted: 16 March,all,mafoerd,my game can`t play skirmish because the files is missing i tryed everything but atleast i can play everything else
76561197983924448,Not Recommended,244450,18183926,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Oddball,"Great game!  Worked just fine when I purchased it last year but after a patch it doesnt even load.  And  if you think you will ever get a refund from these folks, then you mustve bumped your head.  Bad"
76561198089777064,Recommended,244450,18063729,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,FjbWWII,"SSSSSOOOOOO fun, addictive and stratigec"
76561198073209308,Recommended,244450,18090423,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,R00Ts,One of the best world war 2 games ii have ever played and it has a great communityworth all your money but llittle bit repetetive some times
76561198155363073,Recommended,244450,18097557,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,The Hand Of The Gods,"fantastic game along the same lines as Company of Heroes. Nice graphics, smooth gameplay, loads of skirmish missions as well. *****"
76561198067606860,Recommended,244450,18330833,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,NinjaBeest,Good Game.
,Recommended,244450,15481930,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,LtRedux,one of my favorites stragegy games from World War
76561198015281159,Not Recommended,244450,12756665,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,xArchAngels13x,love the game :Dlove skrimish but need more maps these ones are boring :|btw cant use m3 lee on usa missions :(not happy u cant upgrade the sherman to have sandbags on it because its nickname is deathcan and give use to camo on our tanks? let us use all the unit and even the mulitplayer ones!
76561198062700420,Recommended,244450,14115754,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Battletoast co-ldr #TeamSlut,Newer MoW AS and stuff
76561198058311964,Recommended,244450,14374587,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Kugelblitz,"Amazing RTS game, lots of fun 8/8 gr8 m8"
,Recommended,244450,14377307,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Mukly,"A very interesting game, full of teamwork, strategies and team tactics. Go singleplayer or multiplayer - It's your choice. It's a 10/10!Just buy it!"
76561198038079602,Recommended,244450,14412362,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Admiral Allahu Akbar,"i spent a lot of time on MOWAS, and i loved it. i am spending a lot of time in MOWAS 2, and i really, REALLY like it. if you read my review of MOWAS, the problems i mentioned are all practically gone, and squad/inventory UI are much better.your probably wondering why i like this so much more than the first, and the answer is mods. yes children- WORKSHOP SUPP. YEEEES! plenty of enjoyable mods to keep that gameplay timer rising.my personal fav is the cheat mod :Pyes, i know ... i have a bit of a, a cheat problem, HEY im getting help alright! dont come all the way over here to judge me!!!ok buy this game now"
,Recommended,244450,14413807,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,price,"This game is one of the best strategy games i've ever played. The immersion because of its realistic and in context UI, The game also give you access to an arsenal full of artillery, vehicles, infantry, tanks and much more! which makes battles much more enjoyable to choose your type of assault or defense. The game also has a fairly alive multiplayer (this is on the2/10/15) which makes the game a lot better on mp. Campaign is coop and can be really intense especially when u have 1 guy left and you have to Rambo and entire German army :P Trust me its happened to me plenty of times and i've suceeded in most of them :P Overall this game is the best WW2 Strategy Game i've ever played I recommend that everyone should give it a try 90000!! over 10!"
76561198094080759,Recommended,244450,14414911,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Nefertum,"its a realy good game you can have a ton of fun in the skirmish missions but the most fun comes out of the gem editor , i think since i bought the AS2 i spent more time in the editor than in the actual game ."
76561198027267842,Recommended,244450,14417974,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,{95TH.RIFLES}Jonesy,brill game bit like the first on tho.
76561198036208665,Not Recommended,244450,14428123,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,-(OzSF)- B.Cheers,"Its a clone of Assualt squad and intill there are major updates adding content that is not in the first one, i would not waste your money on this"
,Recommended,244450,14525707,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,MelhemX,Men of War Assault Squad 2 to is one of the best RTS games out there. it is the best tactical WW2 RTS game so far.
76561198129091840,Recommended,244450,14484029,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,SuicidalPenguin,Shot a Cow with a Tank and watched it go to the moon11/10
76561198003430211,Recommended,244450,14044927,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Dave,"If someone is looking for a game that rewards a knowledge of military history, then this is it.  After playing Men of War, you'll look back at Company of Heroes as if it's an arcade game.  It's not for the faint of heart, but it is one of the most rewarding RTS games I've ever played.  I cannot recommend it highly enough.EDIT (One month later):Still playing almost every day and got into the editor.  The GEM editor is absolutely first class and unparalleled in detail potential.  Dev/community interaction is fantastic and updates are frequent.Buy this game."
,Recommended,244450,10140979,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Etherlight,"Edited Feb 18 2015. I originally unrecommended the game because there wasn't enough change to warrent this game to be sold as a separated product. But with the new patch that add significant improvement to the UI, graphic, and game mechanics that make me change my stance and I'd recommend it at this point.---Assault Squad is back! and it is still one of the most challenging and rewarding RTS experience as its predecessor (please refer to my review of the original Assault Squad).What is new:- Nicer graphics, not jaw dropping, but cleaner, better lighting, nicer explosions, nicer vehicles models and more varied camoflage skins etc.- Nicer UI, easier to manage squad, easier to see which dude is running out of ammo, easier to select units etc.- Gameplay tweaks: shorter weapon range, more useful infantry, faster pace overall and make actions more close up and exciting. However, unless you have sunk tons of hours into the original, you probably won't notice the differences.- A few new skirmish maps with more variety of objective. Tank battles are EPIC!- Steam integration, Workshop makes downloading and sharing maps easier, and SUPPOSEDLY better match making. However, I seems to have a few problem finding games, not sure if it is problem on my end or maybe I choose bad time to play where no one else is playing?Overall, I really love this game as I loved the original. You should check it out especially if you don't own the original, definitely pick this one up because you can't find a more realistic and rewarding RTS out there."
,Recommended,244450,14522414,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Dysthymaeon,"Company of Heroes 1 but with mods, more realism, damage tracks, WoT the strategy and with direct control, ammo, etc makes battles dynamic."
76561198061009088,Recommended,244450,14524479,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Zante,After a while and the devs doign their hardest to fix it. I feel my review must be a YES. It's a wonderful game. There are very few games like this
76561198000501127,Recommended,244450,14532611,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,mwolvo,"Loving this game so much best thing i've played since sudden strike, needs more single player content though, looking forward to the next expansion"
76561198119896130,Recommended,244450,14515849,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,dameonwestley,this isnt really a review but i just wanted to know did anyone else get a 1.6gb update today(17 feb 2015) if so would it be possible to say wats in it  thanks... otherwise this game is great and i recommend it to all people into stratagy games that puts you right into the action from the start
76561198100800907,Recommended,244450,14503337,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Hehehe,"Great Game, But lacks content. Only a few missions in each nation but unlike Company of heroes you dont have to pay for another nation. And what the game lacks mods make up for it. 10/10 would mod again"
,Recommended,244450,14503980,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,junnu1981,"I'll recommend this game only and i mean only if you don't already own the first Men of War: assault squad. Because there is quite literally nothing new to the first game in this sequel. I personally feel like i was ripped. Game system is great and user generated content/maps repair some of the ""damage""(read hurt feelings), but there is actually nothing that couldn't be added to the first game and get the same gaming experience. Never thought that 1C could release something so under developed.Then on the other hand if you don't own the first game this is great and i absolutely recommend it. Gather a few friends and try various different multiplayer settings and blast each other with a realistic game system.!!!WARNING!!! Germany is a bit off balance being a little over powered....use tactics. ;)"
76561198007300718,Recommended,244450,10431345,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,WsntMe,"I changed my review to Recommended, in light of the ammo update!  The ammo system was updated 9 months after I posted my original, and I would like to give credit where it is due.  Thank you Devs for doing this - this game is much better now and it is something I would recomend to friends now.--Original Review--Fantastic game!!!  I can't recommend it though because micro managing ammo really takes the fun out of it.  If the developer would at least put in an OPTION for unlimited, or tweak the difficulty levels to where Easy has unlimited - the game would be better."
76561198079351242,Recommended,244450,15391113,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,BrokeAssGamer,"Best world war 2 strategy game I have ever played, a must have for fans of ww2 combat and fast paced strategy games."
76561198067980245,Recommended,244450,15393185,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Great Leader Stalin,"There are two ways to win any skirmish. You either lose almost no men, killing the enemy and winning. Or you keep f*cking up, losing men, move up your troops without realizing the three mg42's nustled behind those sandbags and by the time you realize it, half your squad is either dead or bleeding on the ground clutching their gut crying for their mothers. Then, even though the screen says you won, you feel like you lost. You feel for every soldier who died for your cause.This game is amazingly fun, but it is even more fun if you play with a good friend.9.5/10 Can get boring alone but only if you find yourself in a big bloody stalemate without a friend to help."
,Recommended,244450,15491644,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Noort,awesome ww2 game with an awesome community
,Recommended,244450,15494370,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,сука блять,Love the game but wish it was cheaper than 29.99
76561198185437603,Recommended,244450,15414041,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,RegretNothing,If dev put some effort on this game will be masterpiece.
76561198191398698,Not Recommended,244450,15327234,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,WickedWabbit,It is way to hard to figure out how to even start this game. It looks like fun but how to plaY??
76561197980860670,Recommended,244450,15225791,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Dem19,"I tried this game when it was on sale and eded up buying it.  First, in the past, I have stayed away from a lot of RTS games.  I don't find it enjoyable trying to rush around, click and trying to beat the computer AI in that fashion.  However, this game is like that in some way but for some reason I like the game.  I am still new at the game and have to figure out some of the ins and outs.I bought the first MOW for 1.24 and this one for about 7 bucks.  I played it now and probably have my money's worth to the game.  I haven't tried the Multiplayer yet.I would like automatic medic healing from the AI and Supply, sort of like a real command structure where you choose the level of control on the units."
76561198105382579,Recommended,244450,15226210,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,sampesch,"For anyone who is interested in real time strategy gaming or WWII, this is a great choice. Having to manuvere your infantry through destoryed streets and hunting enemy forces is really fun. The game feels very realistic in the sense that you always have to make sure your not being outflanked and that all your forces move in such a way that they won't be. Also the importance of armor and artillary can not be overstated. I have really enjoyed playing this game and I highly recomend it."
76561198161130233,Recommended,244450,15300688,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Sandfamily,i loved the 4 hours i played of it its a great game for filling time i love it and i definitly recommend people support this game
,Recommended,244450,15311042,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Dedrick Rausch,"игра просто высшая,но не могу найти самолёты((((("
76561198074641122,Recommended,244450,15251373,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,sirnavy,"There isn't much to review.If you like Games like ""1944 Winterschlacht in den Ardennen"" or ""Panzers"" this game is good for you.It bothers me, that the basic scenery is always the same. They took like some maps and the difference is the vegetation or desert or snow.The maps don't have much variations.And the game crashes ALL THE TIME since the new steam-update.You can only play it in protected mode since that update.Game recommended. Steam not recommended.Wish there was a steamless version which does not crash all the time."
76561198030072032,Recommended,244450,15251879,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Buttner92,"Great fun game!!One major problem, difficulty scaling! The difficulty curve in this game is comprable to a cliff,Easy is like walking in a feild, crushing flowers undertoe, and generally being a monsterNormal and up is like getting punched in the face by that bully you had in school in front of an auditorium full of your family who apparently want to see you become a bloody pulp...by the time you finally start moving on the enemy they are throwing tanks at you, by the time you knock out the first two tanks, another four bigger ones show up, and you can't throw anything bigger than a grande at them....!! Normal difficulty is better as hard or above"
76561198000406394,Recommended,244450,15256569,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Mr. PJ Waffles,Respect machine guns...
76561198124186288,Recommended,244450,15257401,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,skynyrd47,"Never played the first one but this is a interesting game, there are somethings I would have done different"
76561198070258808,Recommended,244450,15257539,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Chun C,"idk if this was anyone else, but the voices of some of the americans sounded like canadians from south parkother than that fun"
76561198218508952,Recommended,244450,15244100,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Scipio,VERY FUN GAME! Makes it even funner with mods when you get this game go on the workshop it is worth every penny!
76561198014437742,Recommended,244450,15245593,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Finn,Was awesome up until they added a COD Hit Marker Feature.... while i rec this i DONT REC IF I HATE COD AS MUCH AS I DO AND DISPISE HITMARKERS...HIT MARKERS ARE FOR ♥♥♥♥♥S lol
76561198082257729,Recommended,244450,15245708,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Hungry Joe,"9.9/10This is the best RTS i've ever played. The realism is astounding (for example andgled tanks deflect shots better, like in world of tanks. You can manually control anything, for example you can use the wasd keys and drive a tank and select the coaxial machine gun to gun down enemy troops), great units and graphics and the engine is very felxible.even though theres a lot of micro stuff, it's really cool because it gives you choices to fight laterally.Only bad thing is the interface is awkward and theres no proper tutorial.Highly reccomend to RTS fans."
76561198122190244,Recommended,244450,15271258,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Brianlin321,Great game
76561197962334370,Not Recommended,244450,18146670,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,[DSF] 27. Luftwaffle,"Devs keep destroying hard worked mods, every motnh and then.. It allready looked nice. Now any of good mods cease to work."
76561198064634528,Recommended,244450,15319592,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Kim Jong-Unchained,"**Hopefully the last edit** I'm purposely keeping the previous edits just as proof should the devs lose the plot and destroy the game once again. After the last few updates, multiplayer finally runs smooth, the frame rate issues have been fixed, and the game is performing as it did after it was fixed on launch. Even on my fairly rubbish computer, I don't suffer frame drops from viewing huge explosions or whatnot, which is a massive step up considering me and my mate (who owns a top notch rig) both played on what seemed to be half a frame per second previously. Despite the fact that I can now enjoy the game, regardless of the copy-pasting that went on from AS1 and the sub-par scripts which leave no real replayability, I still have to point out that the devs have released payed DLC for AS2 which contains features which come stock standard with CtA. Pretty rubbish in my opinion, especially considering one of those features is versing AI on multiplayer maps, which just about every game out there has on release. Nontheless, I'm changing my recommendation for this game, and hoping it stays that way.**EDIT OF MY EDIT (Because I can)** the connection is still rubbish. I've seen a host of other people complaining about it too, but by all means 1C, lets keep on releasing pointless DLC which has already been done in an assortment of mods.**EDIT** - The most recent update seems to have solved some of the optimization issues. The game doesn't freeze for stupid amounts of time anymore, it is just a little choppy (but still playable). Not enough game time has been invested to check how solid the connection is between players though, so I can't comment on that. Everything else, however, I still stand by.Having played the hell out of AS1, this game came as an over-priced, copy-pasted piece of unoptimized garbage. On release, there was a plethora of performance issues which the devs eventually fixed, only to go back and unoptimize it once more following the latest patch. Co-op seems unplayable, with the game constantly crashing out/going out of sync even though the connection is 100% fine. And when the connection is fine, the game runs at no more than 10 frames on a good day, which makes it even more unplayable. What's left then? Single player is essentially a bunch of copy pasted scripts with the nations and maps altered, leaving absolutely no replayability whatsoever. The AI is predictable on easy-normal, and on hard and above, it is just a total AI spam-fest. WOULD recommend AS1, as it is better optimized, has a better range of mods etc. AS2 on the other hand; don't waste your money."
76561198062670764,Recommended,244450,13364951,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,RaiRayRei,I like the game but Im having trouble finding the editor. Please help
,Recommended,244450,13369654,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,#RipDicon,"This is a very good strategy game but I don't see much change from the original or any of the other games in the series. The factions, buildings, and zones haven't changed so much that a casual player wouldn't notice any difference. If your beginning with this game its an amazing game, filled with strategy, diffculty, and inventory management. But, if you've played the other related titles, you'll see next to no change other than perhaps a few guns. Nearer to DLC than another game."
76561198055374574,Recommended,244450,13370534,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,JMANDMAN,Basically the same as the first Men of War: Assault Squad. Gameplay is about the same except for a few new features and the campaign. I noticed that the graphics have improved some. Slightly disappointed and was hoping it would be more different than the first Assault Squad. Overall it's still a good game.8.5/10
76561198098439215,Recommended,244450,14089847,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Fox,"I was shocked when i saw that their was a other one of my franchises games, even more so when i found out how outstounding the game was. Multiplayer is just full of adreniline victory or defeat. all the gamemodes and the shear reality in the game is just amazing. And all the mods from the workshop and moddb just make this game a classic."
76561198037339534,Recommended,244450,14090616,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,EMS_MED3,"Its a fun game. The single player missions are fun and challenging, however they do get somewhat repetitive. Im surpised there aren't many people onile to play with, usually less than 25 servers. But all in all its a great game."
76561198037463541,Recommended,244450,14091301,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,MK 2edSS DasReich,very good WW2 gamein my eyes very realisticbeen playing since men of war 1
,Recommended,244450,14203546,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Booglog,Like company of heroes without the ridiculous RNG
76561198084853612,Recommended,244450,14252588,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,DR.power nerd,"if you do end u[ buying this game add gsm mod for a better experince, now, if your used to other games where a cheap light tank can take on a heavy tank no problem, prepare to get your mind blown. i have seen a king tinger take three shermans and a m10 wolverine without taking any damage, the crews running away screaming and on fire. your♥♥♥♥♥♥will get ♥♥♥♥ed without the propere skilss. 9/10 would devolp ptsd angain"
76561198134143219,Recommended,244450,14258614,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Givuz,SO much fun!
,Recommended,244450,13993827,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Calcium777,Love this game! Full of options
76561197988260089,Recommended,244450,14183069,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,X i,Why have I not purchased this game before? Company of Heroes is literally checkers and this is chess. Amazingly detailed game!!!! Brings back my childhood memories of playing with my little green army men.
76561198146796603,Recommended,244450,14188199,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,==cHaSe==,awsome
,Recommended,244450,15050794,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Motusb0b,"Good RTS with a lot of micro management.Good:Refill the anumition of your soldier and vehicules, refuell them too!.Take control directly of one unit if needed.Good replay value with higher difficulty level.Old map return.Steam workshop.Game Editor.Bad:Not enough new maps.Rely on Steam wrokshop for new map."
76561198161661130,Recommended,244450,14113609,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Eric Harris,"Now, I originaly wrote this review before I played multiplayer. But let me tell you, Multiplayer is by far the best thing in this game. In multiplayer you scavange for ammuntion for your troops as they will run out quick. Tanks getting blown up left and right. Panacking when you come under fire from an unknown possition. The singleplayer is still boring but the multiplayer makes it worth it's asking price. If you get it for the multiplayer, you get a good game. Get it for the ""story"", and good luck finding any story in there.As much as I want to say that this game is good, I can't. I can't as it feels more like a DLC or an Add-on rather then a new game.First off the missions are boring and repetitive, they are the same rinse and repeat capture the flag and hold it to get more units. The maps are so small they allow for no tactics (apart from a few defending missions). The best way to win is to get about 4 squads and do a suicide charge. However, The one thing the game gets right is the graphics. I actually enjoyed the game at the start but you will find that that shine quickly wears off.There is also no story what so ever, unlike in the original Men of War (The best one I think so far, not including Vietnam as I have yet to buy it) you are known as ""major"". After the first mission you are made a colonel.... It is pointless.To summerise if you love men of war like I do, I think you would like it but there is no replay value at all.+Units+Graphics+More depth with combat-Stupid and braindead AI-Easy as hell-Turns into a borefest-No story or any characters-No tactics neededFinal Score: 8/10 (Great)"
76561198137430756,Recommended,244450,15207332,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Bigler,"This game is so much fun, hours and hours of multi player, and single player fun. A must have for stratige and action!"
76561198147400738,Recommended,244450,15210627,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,syborg13,i like the game it worth the price
76561198203795260,Recommended,244450,19047051,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,m.mill3085,graet game love it
76561198177848447,Recommended,244450,19122163,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Fuze,great game and graphics but i want all units avalible in skirmish
76561198212568940,Recommended,244450,18460505,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Nilautism,This game has very awesome workshop mods and is very fun to play i've been a big fan of RTS games espessically(Grammar)This one
76561198005694436,Recommended,244450,18451849,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Segue-7,"the only problem with this game is the reinforcement allocation is terrible for multiplayer, other than that this game rocks. they should have fixed it before it was released back when everyone was complaining about it in the other games."
76561198021955988,Recommended,244450,15394723,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Lord of Death,I personaly love this game. In my opinion it is one of the best games if not is the best game i have played. the gem editor is fairly complexbut once u get the hang of it it's pretty basic to use and can be used to make epic and fun battles. I also like this game because the editor allowes u to let your creative mind go wild with diffrent types of battels. it is also very basic to command units and inuviduals. The only problem  is that they update the game to much and this screws with the mods so the moders have to fix things always.
,Recommended,244450,18848787,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Brandonius,"Very Good game, but the Terminating Issue, where it says Terminating Program keeps coming up, just got it Yesterday. Everytime i try to start up the game it happens, preventing me from playing the Game."
,Recommended,244450,14209112,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Gammo,"Compared to the first assault squad this one plays a lot better in many different ways.Though the fact that the first men of war has more content makes it a bit sad that these don't really have any kind of new units or soldiers beside the elite troops for some factions.Because this one came out last year it works a lot more stable on newer computers. The graphics have also improved a great deal thanks to normal maps and better models.The AI is special as ever and can't always be trusted with your units. When in combat they are still good enough to slowly advance if given enough units and support. Though you'll still stick to mostly controlling your units by yourself it sometimes still works to just let the AI handle that part while you focus on getting reinforcements ready.The interface has been simplified in some areas and makes it a lot easier to micro manage your soldiers on the front. With the new interface also come a few new additions such as the ability to see which units are out of ammo and need to be rearmed. This can now also be done in squads since the ammo is given to the specific unit that uses that type of ammo ( a riflemen will still get rifle ammo even when holding a smg). This also goes for ammo sharing when units are together in a squad.AS2 also has a leveling system that helps new players learn from the start up. More seasoned player can always bypas this system in MP matches if the host is willing to. It has it advantages and disadvantages though. My friend and I did a match with the level mode enabled and was able to use tigers which I could barely defeat with my matildas and crusaders. Then again, you can always turn it off when you are the host.Though I heard close to nothing about it, but it seems a DLC is coming soon. These will most likely be MP maps and some skirmishes. Don't buy these unless you really want to support the devs.This game probably has one of the most supportive and easiest ways of modding your game. This also comes with a great modding community that varies from maps, SP missions/skirmishes and mods that completely change the game!Some of these mods also add in a lot of units which mostly make up for the lack of content.Thanks to the steam workshop, mods sometimes only require you to subscribe and you're good to go!They also recently introduced a patch where they gave units a veterancy system. Though in SP this doesn't go from game to game (as in CoH where you could call in your veterans from the last mission). It basicly makes them more effective in combat.TL;DRIt's better than the previous MOW AS, and I recommend it if you are a heavy RTS player."
76561198046111115,Recommended,244450,14281520,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,DACopperhead,"Men of War: Assualt Squad 2 is easy to hate, but also very difficult to find errors. The orginal Assualt Squad was amazing. 2 is pretty much the same thing with more missions and some better graphics. If you don't own the orginal, Assualt Squad 2 is a good starting point. now quick break downSound-8/10Voice Acting- 6-10 (Some of them appear not to try, and same voice acting as MOW AS 1Unit Roster- 8/10 (Nice and solid, all the famous tanks of the war and then some make an appearnce)Graphics- 8/10 (say we're getting in a rut)controls-8.5/10 (A little clunky at first but after you learn they are amazing)Replayablity 9.8/10 (I managed to put 100 hours into MOW AS 1, without the multiplayer, with 5 factions, each with a good number of long missions, its easy to sink a lot of time into itoverall- 8.78471649/10If you love Men of War, grab itif you love RTS's grab itif you want a solid WWII experiance grab itif you want a fairly historical WWII RTS experiance grab itif you want a solid modding sceane, maybe"
76561198083966991,Recommended,244450,14110616,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Rookie,i cant get this game to work before it worked fine but now it missing files. when the gameplay is good though a little derpy but good also the ai is dumb as hell but its fun when you play it with friends
76561198104697436,Recommended,244450,14116263,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,wccogs3,it wont let me play because it says no sdl file
76561198050084873,Recommended,244450,14767130,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,HOMER!,This game is awesome!!
,Recommended,244450,14769018,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,willmanutd16,This is one of the best games I have ever played.............................. ever...
76561198055877952,Recommended,244450,14748615,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,npenn1997,"good  but i cant run the game now :/ something with my graphics card, need to figure out how to switch back to the old update. but before the update this game was wonderful! gave me hours of entertainment on a daily basis. well worth the money 10/10."
76561198005867532,Recommended,244450,14757134,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,cartella,"really enjoyed this game. have spent many hours playing the single player on different difficulty settings. As such it has great replay value. The game is well known for its authenticity and level of detail. primary reason why i bought it and i was not dissapointed. fans of rts games should definately get this. the online is also very enjoyable and addictive. finally, the game becomes even beeter and more worth your money thanks to the many, many, many mods out there (kudos to the great modders) which add soooo much to both single/multiplayer. this truly is a game worth every penny."
,Recommended,244450,14808918,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Valyria™,Great strategy game!
,Recommended,244450,14810651,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Talverin,"Absolutely fantastic game. If you like Company of Heroes, or the Dawn of War 2 games; the third person, tactical strategy genre, you will enjoy this game. If you're a fan of WW2, a fan of history, you'll enjoy this game's tour through the major battles of WW2. From the Africa campaign to the closing days of the war, Men of War is a challenging, engaging game that will keep you coming back for more.Also, the Russians get the best stuff. You've never had fun until you've seen a gigantic mobile artillery piece dropping 350mm shells halfway across the map."
,Recommended,244450,14804825,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,ZeOverlord,"Looking for a good review to help you decide whether this game is worth it? Well, Good Sir, You Have Come To Just The Right Place!Im going to make this simple, quick, and easy to read.The sheer variety of WWII weaponry makes this game very fun.Armor Phyics? They got 'em! If you tank gets hit in a certain spot, it will either go through or bounce. For being an RTS its pretty amazing. If you see it, you will know what I mean.( Extra Info: This game has armor phyiscs, as well as that tank thing where if the shell goes through, it damages what it hits inside the tank, along with shrapnel and such, just like it War Thunder.)The graphics are very detailed and accurate.This WWII RTS tops all the others with every single one of it's features. Dev's, you got it right!When I say immersion, I MEAN immersion. You can personally take control of units and shoot with accuracy indications, range, and more! What could possible be better than controlling some of the most powerful weapons of WWII?If this review, that trailer they have, and some other showcases don't convince you that this game is THE game of WWII RTS's, go watch some gameplay on YouTube. If you still do not want it after that, shame on you. This game is WORTH IT.Here comes the hardest part of the review...What is wrong with the game?I own both Men of War: Assault Squad 2 and Men of War: Assault Sqaud (1).There is not very much of a difference between the to except pricing. (As Of This Review, The Price Of Men Of War: Assault Squad is $29.99 USD) To be honest, If I were you, I would get the first game before this one, since it is cheaper, and will give you a better idea of this one so you can think about getting this one. I am not saying this one is identical to the first, because its not. It has a few more tanks, and of different types, as well as some cool planes, and truly fantastic skirmish battles and maps.Now I leave the decision up to you. This game is worth it, it really is. But I do not reccommend buying it before you buy the first one.All that insanity behind, the verdict is: This Game Series Is AMAZING.(Whoops, guess I didnt really keep it as short as I had hoped... Oh, well!)"
,Recommended,244450,14702547,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Five Guys Burgers & Fries,"A game where two or more militaries duke it out on bad♥♥♥♥♥battlefields taking place all across the world, where you see your troops advancing through hundreds of thousands of bullets flying through the air, creating a future national monument in your country's capital about that moment. Download modern mods (red rising reccomended) and have BTRs and jets invade forts and intercept convoys, all while pressing Ctrl+Alt+Shift+D to hide the in-game UI and then sitting back with a hot cup of freshly made apple cider while you watch the best battle scene of your whole life unfold right before your eyes.Love the game. Especially Red Rising Mod."
76561198161756192,Recommended,244450,14796772,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,The Thug LYF,cant play the game anymore. please help
76561197968262253,Recommended,244450,14731238,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,onryone,"I have spent a good number of hours in this game.  There are 5 different countries to choose from during play and each one has its own set of 8 maps to choose from in Skirmish mode.  The map sets all repeat the same objective types, defend against an onslaught then recapture - infiltrate, capture a map with objective points - search and destroy mission.The game is somewhat fun at easy and normal settings.Haven't been able to figure out the hard setting and above.  In hard, The waves of enemies start coming in slow, then after the first objective or two are taken the waves of enemies come faster and stronger until the player runs out of resources and loses all assets.  Resources are rewarded through a trickle effect when objectives are captured.  Eventually resources accumulation can't keep up and a player loss occurs.  What's the point?  Very frustrating,As far as recommending this game I would say its ok but the price should be lowered to the $9.99 range."
76561198023072240,Recommended,244450,14313210,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,(Lieutenant) TheCrazedSwede,One of the best WW2 games i have ever played
76561198336965217,Recommended,244450,30495944,Posted: 13 March,all,boomfricle2,TOP KEK!
76561198026226969,Not Recommended,244450,14733039,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,ColdMadHatter,"game wont launch dont buy it, have my system updated just get black screens."
,Recommended,244450,15014943,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,CURRENT_YEAR,"Overall the game is fairly good if you want a more realistic replacement for Company of Heroes. Includes a detailed cover system, nearly everything solid can be used for cover, but bullets will go through light surfaces such as wooden crates, fences and doors. Factions are fairly balanced and don't get ""doctrines"" or any one unit that they can outright spam to win(CoH 2). Infantry blobs just don't work, you can only move one squad at a time and can only group 10 men in a squad and they will get mowed down in the open. You can micro individual soldiers through direct control, split and regroup squads etc. The most micro in an RTS I've seen. Tanks behave as they would in real life which can be used as both anti tank and anti infantry pieces. Stealth is a huge factor in the game and can be useful on wooded and brush filled maps. My main complaint is the terrible voice acting in singleplayer, which makes the game feel a bit crudely made. Also the new crosshairs in direct control remove the feeling of realism(DEVS PLS REMOVE THIS ""FEATURE"" NO CAWADUTY RTS PLS).Get this game if you have friends who can play it, otherwise the multiplayer is kind of bland, not enough people creating decent lobbies. The reason to get this game over the first Men of War Assault Squad is that the devs are actively updating this game and have added new features."
76561198103361763,Recommended,244450,15144063,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Z,"If you're a fan of the series, I would say that this is one of the better one's if not the best one to date. But if you're new to the series, the game can seem a little complex and the controls can be a bit overwhelming. Overall this game feels like a more detailed and in depth version of Company of Heroes. So if you enjoyed the previous versions, I would definitely recommend this release."
76561198158764702,Recommended,244450,15147428,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,(READ PROFILE DESC.),"Having only played this game for 14 hours, it was INCREDIBLE. It has an amazing soundtrack, beautiful graphics, infinite ways to play out a battle, and I love the realism of it; you are able to loot bodies and vehicles, seperate damage points on vehicles, names for each soldier, and the destructible environment. This game is a definitive example of a beautifully made game. It has everything I would want in an RTS and more, and it also poses as the perfect game for a WWII enthusiast like me.9.2 / 10"
76561198020357950,Recommended,244450,15148322,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,the fat guy,"this game, where to start improved Ui and resuplying is a lot better than before in the origanal assault squad however the lack of new missions is extreamly depressing nearly 50% of the game is the same missions in the origanal assault squad.and the Ai is still About as smart as a card board box offten times spaming infantry with the acasional tank they rarely pose a threat."
,Recommended,244450,15136563,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Steinhauer,"Loads of fun. It's an RTS reminiscent of Company of Heroes, but far more sandboxy and versatile. Each person/unit is individually controllable (you can aim and shoot for them, pick appo types on tank cannons, etc.). You can be American, British Commonwealth, USSR, German, or Japanese, and there are campaigns for all of them. You can have missions ranging from massive tank battles to stealth sniper operations. Or you can jump into the editor and throw down whatever you units you want; orchestrate your own battle from both sides. Basically like playing with toy soldiers. I can see myself putting hundreds of hours into this one.Supposedly there's little to no new content compared to MOW:AS1. I can understand peoples' frustration, but there are two important differences: 1) Multiplayer doesn't work on AS1 anymore because of GameSpy's death 2) AS2 has added Steam Workshop support, which is a huge improvement to the mod life of the game (and thus ""replayability""). Obviously new players shouldn't care about similarity to AS1, and personally I think it's probably worth getting AS2 for those who already have AS1. Also, the developers are saying there are updates in the works, so apparently new content IS en-route."
,Recommended,244450,15136793,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,DolgVlaPet,"I liked it. Why did I liked it? Because it's just the same as the first part of the game and I love ""Men Of War"". But I didn't seen much changes from the first part to be honest, besides the slight visual ones."
,Recommended,244450,15138551,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Isolatar,Amazing game
76561197974814462,Recommended,244450,15140117,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,JuneBug,The free weekend got me hooked. Awesome game!!
76561197998520435,Recommended,244450,15142156,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,CombatWombat,"TL;DR at the end.Is this game good? Yeah. If you like your RTS games to be fast paced, combat centered and tactical, you'll probably like this game. A lot. Is it a great game? No. Let me explain.What I do like about this game is that although it's very complicated, with fuel and ammo counters, stamina, different stances and cover types, camouflage, ... it feels very ergonomic. It let's you zoom out the camera to a reasonable level, there are buttons for highlighting your own troops, enemy troops, corpses and equipment, ... There are systems in place to facilitate rearming and refueling, ... You have a lot of work to do, much more than in the biggest competitor atm, COH2, but you're given the tools to do it. Very nice.And whilest where talking about differences to COH2, let's mention the fact that there is more unit variety. A lot more. Not only are there more units available, there's also more different factions to chose from, and they're more balanced. Sure, Germany has excellent tanks, but if the enemy fields a IS2, ISU 152, M36 jackson or something other with a big gun, your powerful tiger will be a smouldering wreck in seconds.Which brings me to my second point that I like. This game is unforgiving. You can't just rush in an infantry squad and hope for the best. If the enemy has his forces positioned well, you'll lose your squad in seconds. This makes scouting and stealth more important. Furthermore, you have to really think where you'll position your armour and support weapons because if you expose a tank for a bit too long or a bit too much one shot can knock it out.This may seem very daunting and all, but remember that it works both ways. If the enemy drives it's tank right through a field where you have positioned an at-gun you're going to kill that tank. This hardcore style of doing things forces but also empowers you to think about positioning, movement and assaulting. Do it right and you'll be rewarded. Do it wrong and you'll suffer.A last thing to note about the game is the resources system. There's no base building, nor is there resource gaining through capping or builings. You all start with a certain amount of manpower, which ads up over time. If you buy an infantry squad and waste it, you've not only wasted the mp, you've also delayed your next purchase. This doesn't matter that much if you're buying only cheap infantry, but even with them you have to be resourceful and efficient.Also: modding scene!All in all, my description may make it seem like this is an absolutely terrific game. There are however some things that hamper it's greatness.First of all and probably the least important: the graphics and particularly the effects are a bit lackluster. The maps are certainly nice enough but some thanks look a bit 'stale' by lack of a better term. Also, explosions are a lot less impressive than in COH for example. Granted, this gives it an edge on performance, certainly on my machine, but the game would be a bit more immersing.Second, the infantry control is not always all that great. Somethimes soldiers will not stick to the wall you've orderd them to take cover behind, or they will run out of cover when you gave them another command. They also tend to react rather slowly, although this could be due to my middle-low end machine.Let me reinstate that these are all minor gripes about the game. The following however, are not.The most annoying thing about this game in itself is that a good deal of units are initially locked behind a level system. You want elite infantry in a halftrack to quickly plug a gap in your line? Too bad, you're not level 15 yet so you can't have them? Want a kingtiger? Nope, not before you get to level x.Sure, custom games have a setting to make all faction units available to you regardless of level, but custom games don't grant you any xp, so you won't level up to unlock all your desired units 'for real'. Xp is gained via playing AI scenario's or ranked games.These skirmishes vs the AI however, consist of a range of quite similar missions per faction, like hold point A or take point B. The most irritating part about this, however, is the fact that the mission structure is the same for all factions. Just defended German positions against a Soviet onslaught? Great for you, you're going to have to do it again only with another faction. Even the side objectives are the same. In this defence mission with the Germans you have the option to repair a damaged Jagdpanther far in no mans land. Play this mission with the Americans and the Panther becomes a Pershing. It appears from the same side of the map and even the text cue you get for the event is the same.This problem is however less apparent in the assault missions as the maps do change.What enfiuriates me the most is that they kept basic functionality out of the game and are now selling it as dlc. Do you wan't to save your replays? You'll need to buy Iron fist DLC at € 9,99. The most striking however is that there's no real skirmish against AI. You can't play the multiplayer gamemode against bots. They'll be adding this in a future update but you guessed it: not after you lay down another 10 euros or your regional equivalent.The developpers have been accused of publishing this game as a means to finance their next project but stated explicetly that this is not the case. However the fact that they're adding in basic functionality as paid features combined with the fact that assault squad 2 doesn't differ that wildly from the first one (gameplay and unit wise, graphically and ergonomically it's an imrovement) speaks against them.Luckily for us there's a mod that adds bots but still.TL;DR = To wrap up: this is a game that fills a very specific niche in the (dying) RTS genre but does so very well. Gameplay is fluent, tactical and engaging. The stakes are high and so are the rewards.The fact they've decided to lock units after a wonky level system combined with the basic functions being pay walled holds it back from greatness however. Connectivity and responsiveness can suffer a bit but are on the good side.If you already bought the first iteration, you might want to wait until this goes on sale (and it regularly does). If you're looking to get into the franchise, this might be the place to start if you can put up with the aforementioned things."
76561198065621158,Recommended,244450,15126516,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Xiox,"I really liked it when I played it during the free weekend, though I seemed to have a lot of problems controlling the vehicles. Sometimes they wouldn't do what I wanted them to, like move or attack, even after they've been fully repaired. Some foot soldiers also didn't obey some commands, such as attack on sight. Enemies would run up and start shooting at them, but they wouldn't do anything until I told them to attack, even though they were set to attack on sight."
76561198000573369,Recommended,244450,15126789,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Vlakvarkie,This is a brilliant game.  Excellent mechanics and freedom to explore many ways of applying tactics.  I am able to use a variety of units to achieve a range of outcomes.I recommend this game for sure.  I love it!
76561198178533641,Recommended,244450,15197903,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,SevVanitas,i  actually real like this game. as a history buff. it is really interersting to play a game  like this.
76561198061054401,Recommended,244450,15198349,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,phantoka72,"when i first look at the game i didnt know what to say but after playing it i gotta say it's a great game not only that i see it as a great way of seeing how you can command the battle field in this fasion and also merge troopers and make units of all kinds or even send a lone soldier behind enemy lines and I highly recommend this game to anyone looking for stragitie, real life plays and much much more, come join and see if you have what it takes to be a commander during WWII"
76561198020565468,Recommended,244450,15203393,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,The privileged capitalist,"Well, i like this game, i really do, but then again there are things that bug me quite often.starting off the campaign is basically the same thing over and over again no matter what country you are playing as.The game has a tendency to crash every so often, so save from time to time,When infantry are asked to deal with a tank they have a panic attack and often stare at it for the longest amount of time, only realizing it's a tank after it begins to shoot at them.The game is massively fun though and i find myself having a good time playing it as the missions are quite challenging at some points, leaving you with a sense of succes after you finish them.Though there aren't that many diffrences from the original men of war assault squad, the mods make this game all the better."
76561198075915529,Recommended,244450,15259562,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,MR-sc0rpi0n,I extreamly enjoyed the game
76561198005126716,Recommended,244450,15259664,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Toinoumou,"Hi,What a great game, the fact that you can control directly your team players (being sniper or a tank) once you want change the way of playing this RTS and make it unique!I enjoy skirmish due to difficulty, coop is fun, just not a big fan of multi (never been good in multi RTS anyway)Go for it!"
,Recommended,244450,15423950,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,chisledcarpet66,its the best ww2 game ever
,Recommended,244450,15107789,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Mariah Wolves,"If you played and loved the game, Soldiers: Heroes of World War II. Then you going to love this game, its the same butt better in everyway."
76561198003060339,Recommended,244450,15109729,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Baring,Love it!
76561197975680395,Recommended,244450,15153765,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Shark[]=,MOWAS2 is almost similar to MOWAS1. Some maps look like the same but there are different missions at all. MOWAS2 has graphics more improved as well. I like strategic games as that. However Company of Heroes stay better. It is very good to see another franchise making this kind of game and the competiton is healthy. I recommend this game but only If you will buy it at promotion. Each army has  a unique special arm. For example the americans have the air strike and the germans have the big panzer. Yes you will play as any army inside the game during the war. I believe this franchise has great chance to be awesome in the future.
76561198058995753,Recommended,244450,15174496,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Dr.rainbow,"i like it, its F**K**g niceXD"
,Recommended,244450,19638682,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Zbig,"Liking this game a lot so far. It's an RTS with insane micro potential and high moddability with lots of content in steam workshop like new units and missions/campaigns.Infantry can be controlled as squad or broken apart into individual units  You can enter manual control mode that lets you move the unit or squad with WASD and aim like a 3rd person shooter. For example you can set up your infantry in good fire positions and then manually control a valuable unit like a tank for maximum effect. Soldiers can enter cover mode behind pretty much every object in the game world. Every single unit has its own inventory, can pick up and use items off dead soldiers. Damaged vehicles can be repaired or manned by a different squad if the crew dies.Learning curve is kind of high at first because it's not like other RTS games but after a couple missions you will start to get the hang of it."
,Recommended,244450,19736822,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,It Aint Me,Dont buy company of heroes 2 it is trash this game is a gorrillion times better.
76561198047334517,Not Recommended,244450,19736941,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Mr.Ming,it wont work for me and this is the second time this happen to me with theses games and im not very happy can anyone help me ???
,Recommended,244450,22148779,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Strikr,"Very fun, but the controls can be a bit difficult to get used to, at first. Personally I always end up micro-managing my men too much, and get tunnel-vision quickly because of the level of detail with even individual soldiers."
76561198081308525,Recommended,244450,22151738,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,foot,"Okay I really do have to recommend this game. Im sure by now you've seen all the positives about this game, and I dont think i can lay out any more than what has already been said. With this in mind, lets take a gander at some annoying things you have to deal with if and when you decide to buy this game.Number 1: The Out of Sync errors and Lag issues.Now, this game's way of dealing with lag between users and with the server is downright obscene. If you do not have a 100% secure (and sometimes this doesnt help) connection to each other, one of you will lag. When one of you lags, the game decides it's best if BOTH of you lag. This also can lead to an ""Out of Sync"" error which boots you from the server, even if you're the host. (Out of Sync may be patched because it hasnt happened in a while for me.)Number 2: Updates.This game updates FREQUENTLY. Ranging from map changes to bug fixes to overhauls of completely new systems. This isnt necessarily a bad thing. Every game needs an update or two to keep it going. However, if you are a modder, expect the game to nullify your mod in the blink of an eye. With mods, the ""Max Game Version"" has to be set to the current version in order to enable the mod. That means,  no matter how hard you try to get that mod working, the devs will probably release a bug fix that will completely void the mod. This is irritating when you wait hours getting a mod to work only to have the devs break it 2 seconds later. (This can be fixed by editing the Mod.info in the mod folder and setting max game version to the current version, so this isnt to much of an issue, more of an annoyance.)Number 3: Unnecessary Updates/DLC.These game devs are notorious for providing literal♥♥♥♥♥♥for updates. It could range from adding maps nobody will play (that are horrid) to fixing 1-2 bugs. As mentioned above, these also break your mods. Their DLC is a bit questionable too, as one of them you have to pay 10 dollars for to play AI in multiplayer. This most likely shouldve been a part of the standalone game, but maybe its just a marketing scheme in order to rake in as much cash as they can. These devs do not give a♥♥♥♥♥♥from what i can tell. Despite numerous attempts from the community to inform the devs what they're doing wrong and how they can fix it, they just ignore it and continue pumping out ""new features"" when the old features are bugged to♥♥♥♥♥♥Now that we've looked at these flaws, I want to take a second to say this: THIS GAME IS BRILLIANT!The layers of strategy required to play this is phenominal. And i would venture to say the positives of this game outweigh the various negatives. Give this game a while, wait for it to reach maximum potential and see if you can get it on sale. This game is worth every penny i've spent. So give it a try. If you're as much as a tactical nerd that I am, you'll enjoy it."
,Recommended,244450,22186328,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,[RPPK]WarFighter,Great game
76561198054015807,Recommended,244450,22182907,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,The Engineer Of Death,"This game is beautiful, however it is basically a copy of Assault Squad, what it lacks is something new and interesting. Sure they added the airborne Pack and the defense missions, both of which are new and fun, but it lacks more depth, more missions, more maps, and ultimately more options. Where this game has faultered the SteamWorkshop has picked up the slack and made some really cool mods, but there should be more to it than just 5 minor changes."
,Recommended,244450,22237810,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Bloodsteim,love the series but can we get more unit selection in singe player i just want to be able to call in a rifle squad with no smgsand ai arty is just brutal
,Recommended,244450,22227054,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Bloodyknives66,"So at first I started playing the game like it was Company of Hero's another one of my favorite games.I charge my men into battle thinking I'll overrun the MG's my men are all dead.....Well♥♥♥♥♥♥..I charge my tanks into battle thinking I'll overrun the enemy all my tanks are blown to hell...Well♥♥♥♥♥♥..I change my tactics, I send my men from cover to cover sometimes going prone 50 to 100 meters just to keep them alive long enough to sneak attack my enemies! Killed a squad of Germans!!! Owe♥♥♥♥♥♥ Other Germans are flanking me....Owe crap they have support! Tanks and mortars firing now...Owe crap were cut off Nooo my troops NOOOOOO! Well♥♥♥♥♥♥So after many, many loses and deciding I could play on Hard mode even though I've never played a Men of War game before I've decided this game is awesome!I have noticed the AI is a bit lacking at times especially when the enemy is literally right infront of my guys and they don't fire for some reason? (Yes I have ""fire at will"" enabled) . But other than that the game seems pretty solid just as fun as COH's but in many cases actually better. In my last battle for example I had 2300 enemies killed with 230 loses in a massive battle! I've never been in battles like that in COH's. I'd definently buy it if I were you sale or no sale you'll be glad you did."
76561198069465446,Recommended,244450,22228996,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,FLYNCHUNKS,Rocking!!!!
76561198247776374,Recommended,244450,22063545,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,ethantoh,this game is good other then fun it teaches strategy!
,Recommended,244450,22200883,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,farinni,Best WW2 RTS game on market ;)
,Recommended,244450,15091279,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Auger,Nice game with many numbers of units. If you need a strategy game its the one!4/5 Stars
,Recommended,244450,15092201,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Viper,"Was defending my forward HQ from a German counter-attack, one of their armored cars tried to go over a rock but it fliped  over right before my AT shot it, exploding it instantly.Meanwhile my Rangers were hiding behind a container that happened to be next a fuel tank (didn't realize it was a fuel tank) a Panzer shoots the tank causing a huge explosion that completely destroys my container and severely injures my Ranger squad, causing some of them to be put on fire, running away screaming and burning.10/10"
76561198129936273,Recommended,244450,15092340,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,bloodhound092,"This game is amazing. I have put over 2 days of gameplay into it and I've never been more stisfied about a game in my life. All I need is for them to add a ""Bodies Disappear"" and ""Wrecks Disappear"" setting.One time I had a whole squad of rangers hiding behind a blown up half track while they were being shot at from three heavy MG42s. I was sendingmy heavy tank to try and hit the MGs from behind but next thing you know the halftrack disappears and my entire squad gets wiped out in seconds. I was so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off. So I ran over the MGs. :)I just wish the wrecks would stay."
76561197983981609,Recommended,244450,15093893,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,SirGarnon,"Bought this on sale in March for about $8... wow; talk about a steal.Detail. Detail. Detail.  I've played the original Men of War, which thoroughly kicked my butt with the amount of on screen visual detail, and also the in-game physics.  For the amount that I paid thought, this game is AWESOME!!!If you enjoy games like Company of Heroes 1 and 2, this game has enough similarities that I think you will also enjoy.  Be careful though, it can be very challenging.Easily recommended."
,Recommended,244450,15071355,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Soulexanimus,Why didnt i know about this game? it's one of the best ww2 RTS outside of CoH. That i have ever played. Simple but enjoyable campain. And some Great multiplayer. with well balance gameplay and impressive graphics/sound.
,Recommended,244450,15073560,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,HeFemale,"This game has relatively deep tactical gameplay elements that makes it stand out from the other games, angling or armor, armor values, one shot deaths, able to control a single soldier, pickup and man abandoned weapons.. and so on. Plus with the amount of mods that are available. This is seriously a must have game to those who want a deep tactical military experience. Warning though, the amount of micromanaging you have to do in this game is astounding"
76561198034430513,Recommended,244450,15076934,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Skillz,"A good hard rts, they don't make a lot of these anymore."
,Recommended,244450,15450550,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Tuck Fheman,They've converted me from CoH. This is a lot more fun.
76561198082776281,Recommended,244450,16753836,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,LEGEN!!!!....dary,"I love this Game!! Its so much fun and for some reason it never gets boring either. the only thing that i dont like is that they only added three new missions per Faction, and its the same mission too. just a different map. There really should have been a whole new game, maps and all. Other than that like i said its amazing and its really fun!! what should happen next is make an actual modern version of this game instead of just Modern warfare mods that barely work right. Im a WWII finatic so i love old style games like this but modern versions are always fun to play."
76561198053850738,Recommended,244450,16620365,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,pmmiller73,"I would have to say that I have always enjoyed the Men of War Series....I own them all. I would love to see skirmishes from Hollywood films such as Where Eagles Dare, The Guns of Navarone, and Force 10 from Navarone....just a suggestion!"
,Recommended,244450,15901614,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,StoRm3r,I BUY THE GAME IN THE PACK BUT I CAN T START IT!!!
76561197972974270,Recommended,244450,13713038,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Styxx42,"Okay I have reveresed my review of MOW AS2.I can and do TOTALLY recomend this game now to casual  and PVE players.But you have to own the Airborn DLC with AI.AI should have been in this game from the out set but it wasn't.But the Devs listened.And they worked on it and released itSo it is DLC and it is worth purchasing it for causal players.I am having a really great time playing with the new AI and Airborn troops.The game is beautiful.I am finding the AI challenging.* One thing I will note, The AI do not show a great depth and there are limited useages right now.I am hoping for more development and greater versiltily with the AI with each patch that is released.Did I say how beautiufl the maps and units are?I really am enjoying pausing the game to look around at the wonderful terrain, units and explosions.And for your hard core most excellent PVP players, this might just bring in more players to play against you.Devs.Thank you for listenening and developing this AI for us, the casual players.You have won me back."
76561198119076417,Recommended,244450,16507984,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,EliteArticSkull,Red Rising mod with this is amazing.
76561198077795947,Recommended,244450,16510711,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Stainedbook,ive only played for two days but its a very good game i enjoyed it the community has done well with mods and the game it self beats the first assault squad its not that demanding in CPU and processing but it looks great still i loved the game its very well done if you liked the first assault squad you will love this game
,Recommended,244450,16518178,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,GLUTEUS MAXIMUS,"When you look for a WW2 RTS you usualy find Company of Heroes, then Men of War, these are the 2 serials that compete with eacother, and after having played them both i have to say Company of Heroes is absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥compared to this game.CoH is extremly limited and simplyfied, MoW is the exact oposite, it takes a bit longer to learn the controls but this gives you the option of insane micromanaging, i mean in what RTS can you tell an individual solider to pick up a chicken and use it as weapon?Or tell a tanker from a damaged tank to throw out the amunition and gas to create a bomb for enemy tanks passing by?MoW has so many posibilities.But yes it is true that this game WAS bugged, hence the many bad reviews, but they fixed most of this, i never had any big problem with bugs.I would buy this game even if it was on full price, and if you find this game at sale you would be an idiot not to buy it.However, if you already have Men of War: assult squad you might be disapointed because there is not much added, a bit better grafics, some small fixes and new sounds and explosions, thats about it. But i would still recomend you to buy this since this multiplayer is alive and well.And for new players to Men of War this is absolutly the version you should buy."
,Recommended,244450,13734513,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Travis,"Simply an awesome RTS. It's Company of Heroes, but with much more micromanagement of your troops."
76561198212675757,Recommended,244450,30497100,Posted: 13 March,all,Blackwire,i sttarted gaming it after a few days i get a pop up and it says this program will be turminated
76561198065890671,Recommended,244450,19928668,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,walgreens,Vary fun game but map editor makes it a good game
76561198011235809,Not Recommended,244450,19953269,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Flakman08,"Game reminds me of the game ""close combat"" from about 15 years ago with slightly better graphics. Very non-intuitive interface, outdated graphics, and just difficult to enjoy. Its like a cheap goodwill version of company of heroes. Recommend spending your money on something else."
76561198121184695,Recommended,244450,20017242,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Piece Of Shit Eddie,It's Aight
,Recommended,244450,20018409,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Ben Dover,"-Plays a mission,USSR v Imperial Japan-Deploys Big♥♥♥♥♥Russian altillery-Dialouge says to""blast these Germans from their trenches""10/10 would check the wiki again to see if Germans carried Type 99's and fought in Manchuria"
76561198063099341,Recommended,244450,20299071,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,(ST)SirQuiffKuffs-Lord Pineapple,"Great game even though im usually on editor which i enjoy making large battles.I love commanding the massive battles on offer and the mods on the workshop adds EVEN MORE ways to have fun!-TO ANYONE WILLING TO HELP ME-But in the editor ive had a problem...the camera dosent move anymore exept if i right click on the map or rotate with the middle mouse button I dont know if this part is more of a review or asking for help. SOMEONE TELL ME HOW TO FIX THIS PLZZZZ!-Problem time-I get quite frustrated when my soldiers (chaps ,lads ,jimmies) stop in the middle of the rout they are taking to life saving cover and shoot at the enemy then stand in the open like penguins while a big enemy tank comes round the corner (Through the corner house) and i find myself spamming right click on the cover so they will get they're asses in gear and not become meat paste."
76561198065368097,Recommended,244450,20294773,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,UnclePedroThePanzer,so im playing coop with a friend and our fps just went full ebolaids.i really enjoy this gam.i really love having 12 fps and getting yelled at by kubix.also love seeing my infantry blowing themselves up.11/10 this game is full of ebolaids
76561198010366377,Recommended,244450,20286821,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Maverati,"think warhammer 40k in the era of ww2, and you get the gist of the game"
76561198103211067,Not Recommended,244450,20281991,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,m1ke222,"I have played all of MOW games , and i like all of them , but this one not very much . it is very repatitive. like its either capture all the flags , and win , or stealth mission . it does get boring after several missions . unlike the first ones where you actually have to develope a strategy and put a plan to win. i give it 5/10"
76561198050839939,Recommended,244450,20292671,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,doomiii,"Great game.Imagine COH: II with more realism and the ability to control a selected unit, if you need to, like in a FPS (very useful with tanks) The tank ballistics and armor are almost as detailed as World Of Tanks, which is great since MOWAS II is a RTS !The player community is quite experienced so it may be difficult for a total noob to fit in. But it's worth learning.Highly recommended for wwII rts fan."
76561198273941340,Recommended,244450,20272008,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Micheal,its really fun
76561198022785031,Recommended,244450,20263789,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Prometheus,"Finally!  The creators have fixed the Airborne troop insertion! Previous edition dropped only one soldier at a time--COMPLETELY useless, since he'd get killed before his parachute disappeared!  Now, you get five or six soldiers per drop, which makes all the difference!  It makes for a more realistic scenario and quicker gameplay.I've played MOWAS since it first came out, and bought MOWAS2 for the additional maps and single player scenarios.  I really don't care for the stealth missions, but some folks like 'em.  If they're reading this, all I'd ask for is MORE MAPS and historic battles!!  [I don't trust those put out by Modders, though some of the reviews on mods seem like they'd be o.k.].  Maybe something like the Kasserine Pass, the Bridge at Remagen, Battle for Berlin, Stalingrad (full map) and a few Pacific battles like a realistic Tarawa, Gilbert Islands and more Iwo Jima (complete with underground bunkers)."
,Recommended,244450,20265983,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,[YA] Rain,"9/10Soldiers Heroes of World War 2 was a little better. Meaning, in AS2 infantry is too weak, they die very easy. In Soldiers HoWW2 its the oposite making it up for a better gameplay."
76561198067774312,Recommended,244450,20107054,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,JonBax,"Commandos 2, Silent Strike, Blitzkrieg and Company of Heroes had spent the night together.. I present to u there LOVE CHILD! Coop vs AI, PvP, map editor, tons of game modes and Workshop! This is the Best WW2 Tactical RTS in history! i fully recommend it. u wont be disappointed."
76561198271855486,Recommended,244450,20110703,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Choggles_CGPS,This is a great game and easy to mod!!! But for some reason I cannot move vehivles men or equipment and have to press f5 to get them to attack the ground instead of just them moving!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,244450,20111215,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Arks,this game is a bit hard if you play with pro's but if you play with a even player then its a challange and fun.if you like ww2 games this game is for you.there are multiple mods and maps etc.but still its fun if you play fun.
76561198114946863,Recommended,244450,23545073,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Glitch,First time playing(arrives at main menu and hears music)Me: I know this song from somewhere....LIGHTBULBHOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥ITS GOT A SONG FROM DOCTOR WHOImmediately dies
,Recommended,244450,24416796,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,ecnahc1,"***************** Exception *****************Can't open pak - resource/map.pak. Error -103 (Unknown error). LE=0 (ezipfilereader.cpp, 40) @ [main_loop]------------------------------------------------------------------> core:initproduct_name - v3.251.0 - standardunknownanyone know what this means and how to fix it?"
76561198114749895,Recommended,244450,24357039,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,davidwuhh,Buy the game for the mods. It will be worth your time.10/10 will burn everything to the ground with invincible flamethrower unit
,Recommended,244450,24357101,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Zenzeo Gaming,"This game ist AWESOME!► A lot of content, depth, opportunities► Every match is unique► Tactics matter and make you loose or win► Devs bring good updates and support modding► Graphics are awesome and devs keep improving themIf you like tactical strategy games with a lot of action, smile, cry and cheer moments then you will love this game.Multiplayer is probably the most fun, singleplayer and coop missions come in from the community.For this price it is definitely worh it!"
76561198086909431,Recommended,244450,30820351,Posted: 29 March,all,nobodyspecial,very fun with mods
,Recommended,244450,24126605,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Difficulty Tweak,cool ♥♥♥♥ing game1.1 gig update breaks the gamenow requires latest version of microsoft visual c++ which i cant get because the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥who sold me my pc used a pirated version and i cant get the 2015 version of c++ to installfine game though
76561198048156078,Recommended,244450,24294640,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Starkiller (unknown),The Men of War Assault Squad 2 is great game a bit hard because of the tanks you use can be destory easier by the mines or by something else
,Recommended,244450,24285522,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,strandedsnake,"yes......thats all that needs to be said, this is the best RTS ever the mods make it better and they allow custom models, unlike COH2 maybe relic could learn a thing from this game."
76561198181211622,Not Recommended,244450,24324978,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,awsomeandrewt,can some one help me the game keeps crashing on me when it starts to load into the game
76561198123362577,Recommended,244450,24334357,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,dikiyyk,This game will be appropriate for peopleWHO WANt both reality and arcade
,Recommended,244450,24318913,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,42.Zip BOMB,Good game...better improvement from the previous version..enjoy !!!
76561198110691152,Recommended,244450,24322208,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Tiger II (P),10/10 would use editor again
76561198183968286,Recommended,244450,24344087,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,fokkergous,This is a great game WHEN IT WORKS!! I have played 13 hours of this game and i loved every minute of it until they updated it and caused it to break. I can No longer Play the game it will try to launch and them it will pop up with a eror box and then it will proced to crash. I geuss if you are lucky the update did not effect you but befor you buy this game make sure that you want to take the risk of a 50/50% chance that it will or wont work But great game 10/10 would recomend
76561198140964825,Recommended,244450,24328686,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,KILLHAPPYMANIAC,For some reason my game won't load and keeps saying missing a map pac or something.
76561198096647873,Recommended,244450,24313098,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Galleons Edge,"Ja,this has been my 7th time playing it on my laptop and all the letters and stuff are eather traced over by other letters or completely covered by my home screen, explanations?, Great Game Otherwise."
76561198308217770,Recommended,244450,24442760,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Rampaging Walrus,"The base game itself is quite nice. Good balance and fun, with a few campaigns to wrok through. It can be very repetitive though. This is the one of the two big problems. The game can be a bit buggy, but these don't normally detract from the enjoyment you'll get from the game. It's good fun, feels very authentic, and can actually give you a decent challenge at times.The game is really made shine by the level editor and community mods. These are what gives this game enough juice to give other major titles a run for their money. There are thousands of mods which add missions, others which add extra items, and more. They take a game which I would normally call quite bare bones and turn it into one of the most enjoyable experiences I've ever had."
,Recommended,244450,24382213,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,King Gillieo,lol i bought assault squad 1 and assault squad 2. and sadly they are the same exact game nut as2 has a little update lol.... really its small. but both games have the same exact single player maps. but in as2 you have more freedom of missions you can choose from. while in as1 you had to beat a mission to advance further into the missions. i suggest getting as2 but do not bother buying as1 lol i just bought as1 just in case this one was bad... lol but its an awesome game. if you press control and go close to a unit you can control the unit. like the way he shoots and the way he throws grenades i just found this out so its pretty cool. i love the missions and how every units is important. if you loose one guy it will be harder for the rest of the platoon. its fun because i had about 10 guys in one mission   against the Nazis.. and all but 3 lived.. and i had to control the outpost... so with the rest of the outpost i had to use only 3 guys until reinforcements came. i also loved how i had to check the dead corpses of the Nazis to take their guns and ammo... i thought that was cool... their ammo was the only thing keeping me from losing because without it i would have lost lol. but this is an awesome game and i love the mod galaxy at war its awesome i love the map editor im still learning how to use it. but its cool.
76561198036759692,Recommended,244450,24376588,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Billy Bob Joe,YOUR MEN CAN RIP A 50 CAL OFF A TANK AND JOHN RAMBO THE♥♥♥♥♥
76561198004676262,Recommended,244450,24367581,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,sharemyvalue,"I played the single player missions , fun to play , directX 11 API much better than previous men of war titles. If you like Men of war series , then you should buy it.The not so good part is the single player missions has same map , same mission objective for 5 different nations (Commonwealth , USA , Germany, Japan , Soviet ) , After you played one nation , you play another , you feel no difference except the name of the mission , the unit graphics .Even all 5 nations have the same voice over from the same voice actor in the beginning of the mission."
,Recommended,244450,24248779,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Sweetartens,looooooooove it ;p
76561198005990402,Not Recommended,244450,24250317,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Timi,I like the game but it glitches almost everytime I play it and I would like to know how to open different mods without it crashing like star wars
76561198147896660,Recommended,244450,23414107,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Vinny Scarletto,"This is my favorite stratagey game of all time, with the exception of Star Wars Galactic Battlegrounds & Age of Empires II. With excellent gameplay, Assault Squad 2 quickly became a favorite of mine. However, one of the best parts of this game is the overwhelmingly amazing Steam Workshop and mod community. With Robz Realism, this game becomes a beautiful combat simulator where death is only a bullet away. Even as a vanilla game, it offers great gameplay that's really been improved and perfected since the first Men of War, both with Single player skirmishes and multiplayer."
,Recommended,244450,23502988,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,[SE]Mr. Hunter,This game is great and the mods are fantastic but my favorite is the editor.
,Recommended,244450,23495130,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Spudgetical,"Anyone remember Close Combat: A bridge too far? - basically this is that game, 10-15 years later. Great fun to play. Online play is still active and good fun - although can be super laggy if your from Australia like me.Mods, and maps are a must have though - missions can be repetative. Also be prepared to spend an hour or so on each map, its not easy! You have to really think about what squad/vechicle/weapon you want to bring in with your reinforcement points, it can make or break your match!Can recommend. BUT much better with friends, than solo."
,Recommended,244450,23536122,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Thotimus Prime,"Whilst the core of the game and the mechanics are excellent i feel that the mods really do help carry the game to new levels, mods are what made up most of my time on the game as there are many to choose from, however if u don't want mods this game will still provide many hours of entertainment aslong as you dabblle in multiplayer and such."
,Recommended,244450,21034091,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,DustOfTheNorth,Where have you been all my life?
76561198043219817,Recommended,244450,21034203,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,ivgert,Fun strategic game for all who enjoy playing World War 2 games.
76561198133707664,Recommended,244450,21078711,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,echodelta99,"This is a very enjoyable game, with high replay-ability and a large and supportive modding community. 9.5/10"
,Recommended,244450,20987373,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Sangriacus,"Altough it's more of the same, it's the latest and more polished one, it saddens me however that this has not even half the mods the original MOW has"
76561198137124183,Recommended,244450,21012265,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Rickery,This game wastes my time.In a good way
76561198071581871,Recommended,244450,21021626,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,DIMITRI,♥♥♥♥ing great
76561198041939850,Recommended,244450,20997193,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Mindlessmachete,"love the gameplay, think more missions would help or a storyline game mode"
76561198140096023,Recommended,244450,20997662,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,pwinnhome,Killer awsome game. Love it!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,244450,20819790,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,campingTURD,its so cool and fun
76561198129437654,Recommended,244450,20770007,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Tonic Water,Really fun! Some mods on workshop really bring the game to life
76561198046030562,Recommended,244450,20670887,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,SquidTheReaper,It is a great ww2 rts that i enjoy alot.
76561198110054641,Recommended,244450,20669758,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Sora Toriyama,"Eh, it was fun i guess."
,Recommended,244450,20762259,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Angron,"So Men of War 2.If you played the original men of war then you're probably familiar with what the game is. The single player campaign  in MOW2 is basically skirmish maps that do the exact same thing over and over again. There's also no story like the original.However that being said there's the map editor. That alone makes this worth buying. If you can think of it there's a good chance you can make it.In this age Good RTS games are few, MOW2 gets a must play."
,Recommended,244450,21022394,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Dust_Devill,"i love this game, is great on every level i loved playing every mission in the game and found the mods amazing i rate this game 11/10 :D"
76561197982237730,Recommended,244450,21022628,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,stevebongoperry,"Micro-manage your troops/vehicles or not, you´ll have fun whatever your choice :)"
76561198279715617,Recommended,244450,21024609,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Yolobean,yes its fun.But how do we unlock Skirmish??
76561198247652124,Recommended,244450,21041139,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Pancakes,"This is amazing, although you can't really find many multiplayer games that crash you instantly. (<----- Overexageration)Gameplay 9.8/10Multiplayer 8.7/10 - Very laggy at timesModding 9.9/10Overall rating 9.7/10"
58747626428548486,Not Recommended,244450,21043152,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,death gun,for some reason it will never start.help please?
,Recommended,244450,21068437,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,[HB] Preston,This♥♥♥♥♥♥is fire 10/10
76561198074171199,Recommended,244450,21117473,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,M0JAVE,"I really like men of war: assault squad 2 for its interface on the battlefield. However, i do think there is a big learning curve and a big difference from beginner to expert, experience wise."
76561198182646171,Recommended,244450,28097334,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Wessel4000  Pornhub.com,"Fun, but sometimes the AI is really really really bad"
76561198197730028,Recommended,244450,13128177,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Níðhöggr,Men of War 2 is a really good game for every strategy game maniac out there...but there are some issues like many lags and bugs...but it is a good and a must play game!!!!
76561198137775205,Recommended,244450,28135450,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,King of the Romans,10/10  Would blitzkrieg again
,Recommended,244450,28113825,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Rufert {Slash},Great game
76561198061654896,Recommended,244450,28113970,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,ha_ha_u_ded,"Absolutely my favorite tactical RTS of all time. I've dumped the more hours in this than any other steam game because:It has outstanding gameplay qualityAbsurdly good attention to detailGreat Micromanagement possibilities (controlling individual units, swapping items in inventory)#1 reason: the mod scene is unreal. With mods, this game can take place in WW2, 2016, 1960, 1990, and even Starwars.This game is an outstanding base platform (and great vanilla game) and with mods it's one of the most satisfying and addicting games out there.10/10"
,Recommended,244450,28014556,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Baspat,"This game is very awesome, I'm a player since the very first Men Of War, when the american campaign was mostly stealth. This game has everything to enjoy a good RTS, except for buildings, but in this case they're not even missed, and the community is pretty friendly too. Strongly recommended for RTS players, will put your skills to test."
76561198285612390,Recommended,244450,28059920,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,mwm119,pretty dope dood
76561198212025388,Recommended,244450,27995431,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,CyanideVerg,Never gets old it's their  best series they had.  best mods in the community best world War 2 tRts after sudden strike w
76561198072225796,Recommended,244450,27995927,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,HUDCommander,"Great Game, Great Price, Lots of mods available, Lots of Fun"
76561198092267006,Recommended,244450,27996029,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,MarineSgtMaj,Very well made game and made even better with the mods in the workshop
,Recommended,244450,25226113,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Kurt,IM NOT SURE WHY DID THEY ADD STROMTROOPER IN THE GAME I MEAN IT MIGHT BE CHEAP BUT C'MON HIT SOMETHING
,Recommended,244450,25201194,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,PedroPicante,Basically a nice game. But removing the AI from the game and adding it with a dlc back again is an act of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥gery
76561198087010203,Recommended,244450,25203583,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Gunther,Looks great
,Recommended,244450,25203621,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Reaper,"I have played all men of war editions I really like these games cuz they are the most realistic ones, so if you are interested in World war games don't miss this"
76561198036595652,Recommended,244450,25163041,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Postal,Yes the gameplay is great and fun but at the current moment I can't recommend due to the fact it takes literally 6 minutes to launch and the map editor (one of the main reasons I got the game) crashes on startup. If a patch fixes these issues I would gladly give it a thumbs up.*UPDATE* I deleted my resource folder and verified my cache and ran the Editor as administrator and it works now (most of the time) I recommend anyone having problems as well do the same thing.
76561198088672701,Recommended,244450,15091215,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Protodip,"If you liked ""Soldiers: Heroes of World War 2"", you'll most probably love this game!  Although there is a noticable shift from squad to platoon-based tactics, you can still take command of individual soldiers through the 'ol ""direct control"" system."
76561198134963267,Recommended,244450,25176493,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,TheFrontier,This game is just so fun addictive and it's definitly worth your money
,Recommended,244450,25171182,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,MegaFreedom,"Buy MoW2, it's fantastic.Brilliant WW2 strategy game on par with - or perhaps even better than Company of Heroes.The game has a great and deep tactical layer with some micromanagement, but without resource collection - instead strategic points creates the basis for a point based economy. The game can be insanely difficult, but at the same time very rewarding, although potentially scary for many new players.MoW2 delivers a brilliant strategy game with some tactical depth that you really shouldn't miss."
76561197971558360,Recommended,244450,14316411,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Kava,Amazing game for WW2 RTS lovers!!! 11/10
76561198004854314,Recommended,244450,24820757,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,SPC. Dante Adams,"I can't play becuase I accendentaly deleted some mods I was using withut disableing them, some help would be nice. please emailphantomgamerv2@gmail.comif you have any help on how to fix this matter. I already tried to re-download the mods, but it didn't work when I tried to go enable them."
76561198281922316,Recommended,244450,23823104,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,ponco.pangestu.pamungkas1897,Good graphic but need win 7 or better
76561198007552856,Recommended,244450,23951087,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,KingOfAll,Love the direct control!
76561198141721055,Recommended,244450,23988750,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Aluksander csgobounty.com,Best strategy game ever. Good graphics and good game play.
,Recommended,244450,14360572,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,[ZG]zombiemonkey,Great Game 10/10
,Recommended,244450,23851750,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,BLAZING FIRE AND ICEEE,great game rate 10/10
76561198165977558,Recommended,244450,23852223,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,vijhngifginiknjnzdih,"Me and my friend had a blast in co-op mode so I would recommend buying it, but do more research to see if you like it or not"
,Recommended,244450,23834142,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Jelman,gr8
76561198143381552,Recommended,244450,23875170,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Von Schamhorst (Shame on me),"To get me started. In Vanilla singleplayer this is total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Get CoH. Modded singleplayer. You are gonna be wasting hours of your life. But whats wasting? I think I was never so creative before? Building landsscapes in an incredible editor? Having hundreds of russians running against german machinegunfire. It's ♥♥♥♥ing heaven. Multiplayer? Never tried it... Play singleplayer with mods! Build, fight, slaughter! Wheeeeee! Fuuuun!"
,Recommended,244450,23192527,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Teriyaki-Sama,"Basicly Military genocide simulator, I think the amount of deaths in total from me and my friends going at it is probably like 50,000Considering how in each match every player loses like 1000-2000 men.8/10 Would lose 12 platoons of conscripts in a charge again.Only three problems being that it takes ridiculous amount of time to mount mod resources and also you can only select 10 units at a time, Meaning only 10 man squads and 10 vehicle platoons, Which really limits the game in certain areas. Also perfomance wise this game is really bad, It automatically lowers the game settings (Including view distance) Whenever it gets laggy, And it multiplayer, It gets laggy a lot."
76561198160736771,Recommended,244450,23877636,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,scorch3455,"Great game, awesome mods, and I loved the realistic gameplay.10/10, would bomb my troops again"
76561198314578042,Recommended,244450,24049341,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Kotonoshi,what?! the code again!! help!!
,Recommended,244450,30812726,Posted: 29 March,all,Doom3 pa1ner,"First of all I am not RTS fan. I just very like World War II games that why I bought this game. I saw on the trailers ratte (super masive tank), Gustav Gun and many many more prototypes of nazi weapons.I have more fun play this game then company of heroes 2. This game is so intesne.5/5"
76561198012379734,Recommended,244450,23711907,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,pantzi,"I love this game. Its one of my favourite RTS games, Unfortunately,the updates for this game will not solve the problems that you have,they will only cause you more problems. The game is already unstable and its just getting worse over time. If you put these aside,the game is very challenging and realistic. Many mods to choose from. Its hard going back to COH."
76561198192193906,Recommended,244450,30813138,Posted: 29 March,all,ILTL,The game realistic and about ww2 and can do a battle os ww1 with rifle infantary and other mods Like ww1 star wars (my favourit) american civil war etcThis games is really to me
,Recommended,244450,30813166,Posted: 29 March,all,jhmelott25,Campaign and multiplayer are great. Although the multiply mods are too much in demand.
76561198147930149,Recommended,244450,24065294,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,McTaters,This game is great but it has a side affect. Random maniacal laughter
76561198010352920,Recommended,244450,24016087,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,KortSpook,One of the Best WW2 RTS games I have played till this day regretting not buying it sooner
76561198278576257,Recommended,244450,24019451,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,dworker84,"whay i don,t can play men of war any more????what is the problem"
76561197998817904,Recommended,244450,24040212,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Saw_Franchise,Awesome
,Recommended,244450,24001309,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Iku,"This game is good. and more easy to play than previous franchisethe Multiplayer is good. still lot people out there.but, i shocked that they just plainly grab Men of War: Assault Squad campaign and added it to AS2 and adding a little new campaign.this is a big JOKE, this dev is lazy af.and the DLC is ridicillous.and there's bug that infantry died but still standing,"
76561198092137656,Recommended,244450,18103956,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Deadman44,All these updates... yet no new content...
76561198202445414,Recommended,244450,25662666,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,xUnHolyGod,10/10 Must Play.Just Play.
76561198007838625,Recommended,244450,25675450,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,XenoGriff,"One of the greatest strategy games ive played, Its worth the 25 euros"
,Recommended,244450,25671878,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Ryuk,Very good game can be very hard
,Not Recommended,244450,25653753,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Tswear(JSOC),"I will NEVER buy DigitalMindSoft games again. I purchased 70$ worth of these games, and they look exactly alike! Do not fall for this trap, if you buy games from them, it will harm the steam community. i played this game a bit, and MOWAS1 even more. heck I even got friends to get it, but no more! after this dlc scam, I will be avoiding the following companies (In order of least dangerous to most)1.) Studio WildCard: Dont get me wrong, the game is great! the thing that rubbed me the wrong way was making DLC for an EARLY ACCESS GAME! so I must retire my dinos and move on.2.) DigitalMindsoft: they at least make a game that works, which is more than i can say about SandSwept Studios.3.) Jagax games studio: i got banned 6 times for reaching level 99 in a skill the second i do.4.) SandSwept Studios: they made an early access game(The Dead Linger) and after thousands in startup funds raised, quit the game dev. it was not playable at ALL!"
,Recommended,244450,25848441,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Omega,The game is alot better when you learn how to use the editor to make your own custom battles.
,Recommended,244450,16589995,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,✯Orion✯,"Well, I bought it, and it's hella fun."
76561198061312535,Recommended,244450,25681935,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,XKILLERPARTY(BWG),Love it
,Not Recommended,244450,25734120,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,SWEETTOOTHZ,The gamecrashes on start up the game was fun while it lasted dont get me wrong its a fun and addicting game but it just dosent wanna start up anymore
76561198046889113,Recommended,244450,25810005,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Phox-Populi (Rez),"Very good strategy game. Unfortunatly the community is fairly small but theyre a good community. This game also has a very avid modding community with a lot of cool mods to add maps or missions or even new factions to play as.  You can play by yourself or with friends, the singleplayer campaign (which has no story cus its an RTS) is ok, most of it is just reskinning and copy and paste, but i didnt notice it for a while so its not to bad. Also the single player autosaving is great because if you fail you can keep trying different tactics and approaches until you have a breakthrough. I would definitly recommend buying if you are looking for a quality RTS or a way to hone your RTS skills.+Graphics+Community+Gameplay+Controls+Audio+No Microtransactions"
76561198024357059,Recommended,244450,25836598,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Stivval,top game
,Recommended,244450,26295862,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Military Turtle,Pros:Super funTotally mod capableGreat unitsCons:Multiplayer is a little glitchySingleplayer is fun but copied and pasted
76561198254263138,Recommended,244450,26339163,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,minecraft man 55,"It's my dream game from since I gotten into this ""WW2"" community, a strategy WW2 game!I give it 10 shashliks/10 shashliks."
76561198079680444,Recommended,244450,26369652,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,papayafighter,its finally how it should have been at release
76561198049122335,Recommended,244450,26083849,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Ragune,"Full disclosure.  I love this game.  I would still be playing it and have double the amount of hours played if I could still play it.Great WW2 strategy game.  Not a 4x type game, but you can easily slow the battles down to a speed that your comfortable with. Not like most strategy games where you have an overall map and decide your path.  This game has 6-10 different maps for each of the 5 major factions of WW2 except Italy for some reason.  Do you want to have 1 soldier be Rambo and do everything?  Do you like being a sniper and picking off your enemies from relative safety?  Do you like playing tanks and smashing/blowing up anything that moves?  You can do all these and more.  Command large armies to conquer the map.  The physics are surprising well detailed and thought out.  Bounce Anti-Tank shells by angling your tank.  Toss a grenade on to a tank's engine for fire/explosion.  This game has tons of potential and a modding community that really takes the game to its true goals.Improvements - Hate that a year after I bought the game, the Company changed the minimum requirements so that my old computer can't run this anymore without crashing.  I mean, if this was a MMO, I can understand, or something that was constantly getting DLC or expansion packs.  But this game had been static for a very long time, and except for the mods, didn't need its requirements changed.- Missions, unforunately, you pretty much do the same 5 missions on each of the factions, like maybe 1-2 missions are truly unique to that faction.- Ammo resuppy is still messed up.  Unless your able to move soldiers to just hang out around an ammo truck for long periods of time to get them to resupply 1 stack of ammo every minute, what is on the truck is pretty much all you have to pick from.  I mainly get most of my soldier's ammo from the dead, thankfully, there are only 2-4 types total in the game.  Biggest draw back is using tanks that don't have that same option.  An enemy tank may have the same size caliber of gun as your tank, but the ammo still doesn't work for it.  Ammo trucks worked great until they changed it in a patch a long time ago.All in all.  This is a great game, for a great price now.  Mods really make this game stay alive and fun to play as well as the multi player option. Recommend 9/10.  Oustanding game if you can get it on 50% off weekend or summer sale."
,Recommended,244450,26112382,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,OscarMike,The trailer of this game shows aircraft. I have yet to see any any aircraft in this game!
,Recommended,244450,26096424,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Hobo man,The base game i will rate 7 out of 10.but with the modding community it puts the score up to 10 out of 10.
76561198091178785,Recommended,244450,26094673,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Gamecks,"Men of War Assault Squad IIis a real-time strategy game set in the Second World War. It is somewhat similar to title such as Company of Heroes, albeit more ‘realistic’ (Which I will explain later.)There are several types of gamemodes: Assault Zones, Combat, Frontlines, Day of Victory and Skirmish and you can choose between five different factions: Germany, United States, Russia, Japan and the Commonwealth.-Assault Zonesis more or less what it sounds like, you ‘assault’ the ‘zones’, taking objectives all over the map for CP points, which allow you more reinforcements.-In the Combat gamemode, you must kill enemy units in order to gain more CP and get reinforcements.-Frontlinesis an attack/defend gamemode The first round, one team attacks and the other defends. In the second round they switch places. Similar to the ‘Countdown’ gamemode in Red Orchestra 2.-Day of Victoryis kind of like King of the Hill, there is a certain position on the map and your team has to attempt to secure and hold it before the other team.-SkirmishI haven't played much but it seems to be kind of a Co-Op gamemode against AI andother players(?)The Factions as listed above are as follows:Germany, Japan, The United States (God-Bless), Russiaand theCommonwealth.I myself for the most part have played Germany, so I don’t know nearly as much about the other factions. But there are some great community made guides on the other factions, which I’ll link to below. From what I understand theGerman Factionseems to have good armour, good ranged weapons and good Elite units, (Brandenberger, Fallschirmjager, Panzer-Grenadiers) though they lack closer range firepower. Next, theJapanesefaction, they seem to be the kings of strength in numbers, like Germany, their weapons aren’t all that great and they lack close range weaponry, they do however have good long range weaponry and machine-guns.The United Stateshas a very balanced armoury with good vehicles, good close-range and long-range weaponry. So, not the best, not the worst.RussiaI know, pardon my French, jackshit about, I’ve literally played as them once. I assume, judging by the Red Army in real life have extremely good close-range weaponry, strength in numbers, and pretty much invulnerable tanks.The Commonwealthis similiar to the United States, it is very well balanced becuase there are multiple Nations in the Commonwealth, and you get some of their units such as: ANZAC and the Canadian Black Watch but the voice actors have really fake sounding accents.This game is very similiar to Company of Heroes in terms of gun mechanics (They’re awful shots) and building. (Sandbags, barbed wire, mines) but Men of War seems to take a more realistic approach the battlefields are much more open and guns have a higher range and you can actually have your soldiers go prone.That’s actually all I really have so my ratings for this is…Overall: 911/420Realism: 7/10Actual Fun: 10/10Learning curve: 9/10 (To clarify it’s pretty easy to learn if you have any experience with RTSGamesPerformance: 10/10 (That's what she said.)Stability: 10/10Mulitiplayer: 7/10 in NA, most players are RussianContent: 8/10 (With all three DLC’sValue: 9/10 Lots of factions, lots of maps, lots of Multiplayer shenanigansThis is my first ‘proper’ review, please give me feedback on my formatting, grammar, or explanations in general.Hope this helps.-GamecksLINKS:Germany Small Arms ListBy Tujev and 2 collaboratorshttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=399046822USA Small Arms ListBy Tujev and 2 collaboratorshttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=421003170Commonwealth Small Arms ListBy Tujev and 2 collaboratorshttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=421795038Soviet Union Small Arms ListBy Tujev and 2 collaboratorshttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=421796521Japan Small Arms ListBy Tujev and 2 collaboratorshttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=421004042If you would like more Guides check out Tujevs profile, he’s made some great guides that have helped me out alot."
,Recommended,244450,26307535,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,✪Mr.Ghastly♠☯,Amazing Game very fun
,Recommended,244450,26310779,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,faulknd,"Love this game, nothing else to say"
,Recommended,244450,17873722,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Dr. Doob,"This game is produced at a high quality. But there are some major flaws that sometimes makes people slam their computer and swear like a mad man (me). First of all, there are only a limited amount of missions. Waaaay les than what happened in the war. Second of all, the path finding of the troops are just fustrating. As I mentioned, I slammed my computer because they couldn't get around a bridge. Thrid, the troops can't fight! They go up to the enemy, fire a few shots, but they can't hit anything! And then they get decimated by the enemy. Third of all, I was in the situation. The enemy hides behind sandbags and my pz III fires a HE round at them. The round does nothing. But then, 5 minutes later, a M8 Greyhound comes in, and it does everything to my panzergrenedire troops. They fell down because a HE round landed 5 meters from him. IT KOCKED HIM OVER. AND HE COULDN'T FIRE PANZERFAUST. Now that is most annoying thing ever. If the enemy can take direct hits from HE, why can't I???? Either way great game. WAAAY better than Company of Heroes 2. Great job."
,Recommended,244450,19943624,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Khaos,"If you've already gotten the first one, it's up to you to get this. But if you're new and have seen the negative reviews and haven't gotten the first one, then go ahead and buy it cause it's almost exactly the same as the first one and just adds a few things, although it may get better as it gets updates, it literally has the same graphics and the same gameplay. Only difference is workshop and a few new skirmishes. I really like it only because i'm a fan of the first one. So i'll recommend it to new people, and not really discourage those who are veterans."
,Not Recommended,244450,19974687,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,TheDarKnight,"This game is an unofficial update for Men of War: Assault Squad (1). A lot of the maps are the same as the old ones - most of them, actually. The A.I. still sucks. The vehicles are exactly the same. The U.I. has improved a little bit, but is really just a different version of the old one and not a very important change. Finally, I'm disappointed. This game is a waste of money. I won't pay another eight dollars and forty-nine cents for pretty graphics and a slightly improved U.I."
76561198084042441,Recommended,244450,20056964,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Alexander Kolchak,"One of the only strategy games out there where tanks aren't OP dreadnaughts and infantry can do something worth a damn instead of serving as pure fodder to keep fire away from tanks.10/10, would play engrossing and enjoyable strategy game again."
76561198270948444,Recommended,244450,20073952,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Fentdog2,Great Game
,Recommended,244450,20071778,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Jack-P,"So far this game rocks and puts Company of Heroes 2 a few steps back in my book. I'm completely blown away with this game. Forget the people that write negative about it, just get this game. I'm on the Overlord mission right now and it's crazy. I push myself to play COH2, but find myself running back to this game every chance I get. I also like the fact that there are alot of mods out there for it and I hope it continues to be supported.I think I found the game that i'm going to be addicted to for a very long time.Period."
76561198084054892,Recommended,244450,19860963,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Duke Voltaire,♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥i love it!now they just need to make it in africa so you can raise a militia and fight that would be awesome!
76561198198134054,Recommended,244450,19894820,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,bradleytucker2019,game crashes when i get help from the game after i complete an objective please help
76561198259149602,Recommended,244450,20061741,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Juan Shot,love it but could u help me guys because i could not play the game cause of the error : not SDL file! help?
76561198044950069,Recommended,244450,19712070,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,GreenEyes,"THis, and the red rising mod = Brilliant."
76561198020760454,Recommended,244450,20518734,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Scorpio,"tanks in the game go out way to fastThe sounds suckOther then that,its ok."
,Recommended,244450,20572806,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Papa-doc,"Men of War: Assault Squad 2is a Strategy game based on World war two, Singleplayer wise it has a number of campaigns which i'll name bellowUnited States of AmericaNazy GermanEngland - BritishJapanSoviet UnionAll the Campaigns are highly entretaining and hard if you don't know what you are doing, myself i haven't been able to win a campaign in Hard difficulty and i'm experienced in RTS (Real time strategy)This game has Multiplayer and plenty of people it, this is one of your ""dads"" games so to speak, only buy the game if you enjoy RTS games if you don't they it will be very boring for you.One of the best features of this game is the'Direct Control'which allows you to micromanage a single unit in third person (so to speak) its very usefull for tank combat and to trhow granades at the enemy.AI wise the game as its share of bugs but still there isn't alot of games like Men of War, the Micromanaging is insane in this game.Overall i totally recomend this game to any Fan of RTS games(even tho its a bit overpriced to be honest)"
76561198094999067,Recommended,244450,20579630,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,[APG] Helljumper,"Great graphics, beautiful online community, amazing gameplay. Deploy units from the lowley conscript of the russian army too the infamous King Tiger of the german armor corps. Destroy tanks, kill infantry, and ride too glory."
,Recommended,244450,21084876,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Rasskell,Just what I needed to quench my WW2 strategy thirst!
76561198226298300,Recommended,244450,21090733,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,CheaterMagee525,it is very fun and addictive i really like this game
76561198046375137,Recommended,244450,21035765,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Deftone11,spent hours on this game.
76561198018765847,Recommended,244450,20692720,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,USS Eagle,This game is just out standing I can't stop playing it its my favirtie game.  Is the best militery game of its kind you can bu its great.
76561198088770518,Recommended,244450,21208882,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Charizard.,Geat RTS game.
,Recommended,244450,20866531,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,ＥＣＬＵＮ,no tactics just go
76561198202176491,Recommended,244450,22668175,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,VikingWarlord,Amazing!  Best game yet.
,Recommended,244450,22667659,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,[CivVI] timonheidema,"It's Really cool! You will never be done playing! Also with the Airborne DLC, you can play online with bots. However, it's too bad that you wont be able to use bots in the Gamemode Combat :("
,Recommended,244450,22628718,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Cotton91,"Tony sucks at this game, He thinks hes the best but he actually sucks."
,Recommended,244450,22637267,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Batu Khan,"I don't really care about the $10 DLC that does nothing, I bought it for a few cents in a package during a sale, but I can see how some people would be mad.  However, I would also point out that it is exactly like the first MOW: Assault Squad.  I would recommend it to anyone who doesn't already have MOW: Assault Squad.  It is still a pretty good game, although the tag ""strategy"" is completely false.  I only have a few hours because I got the same exact gameplay from MOW 1."
76561198056063401,Recommended,244450,22655299,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Agent Shoe,"This game forced me to watch out for my men and machines.  Hell, they can even run out of ammo and fuel!"
76561198261394613,Recommended,244450,20385615,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Hman1161,"I don't know why everyone is dissing this game, its awsome, and worth the money."
,Recommended,244450,22919594,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Caejli,"War...War never changes.Unless of course you mod the hell out of this game! Then you can have stormtroopers fighting ISIS and you can even play the entire campaign of the old call of duty game as an RTS. with this game's amazing and active mod community you'll be playing this game for months to come! I've only sunk in about 20 hours into game so far and finished  only 2 factions ; USA and Germany. but I can see myself getting into this game even more.  THe single player campaign is pretty straight forward,  there is no story, you just do one mission after the other. what sets this apart from other RTS games is the ability to directly control each unit. For example being able to manually aim and shoot a target that is within range of your selected unit and I gotta say reenacting the movie Fury with one of the Sherman tanks is really satisfying! I have yet to try the multiplayer aspect of the game. i am currently trying to finish the single player missions so I can ""level up"" my profile which is the only way you can unlock the other units, which i think was a bad aspect of the game, I want to be able to use all available units from the get-go even in multiplayer  because that tactical advantage could mean the difference of Victory and defeat. I'll be updating this review after i dive into multiplayer."
76561198027546218,Recommended,244450,22984893,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,noble_cause51,Excellent game. Very dynamic gameplay. Much more scale than games like Company of Heroes with just as much replayability.
76561198131204292,Recommended,244450,22317561,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,tomarcher98,"So this is my first review about a game on steam, ive played this game for 170 hours so i know whats good and whats bad but i dont think i can give this game a bad review but then i dont think i can give it a good either even though im going to say yes.What i mean by this is that the game has amazing features that are not in other games like company of heroes and other ww2 stratergy games. Like the editor which i love to use to create missions or fun little things to pass the time. Also the mods are amazing with tonnes of work put into them and are great for editor, like the red rising mod or the star wars mod which is all compleatly free.However when i first bought this game i was upset when i found out that all the missions for the diffrent countries are the same objectives but on diffrent maps. When i thought they would atleast change it and make cooler missions were you have to infiltrate a german occupied castle or that you would have to assult d-day or defend it. yes i know you can get missions from mods that have these thing's but i think this should of been in the game already. and you have too pay for a DLC that the content should of already been in the game in the first place which really made me mad.But i have never played MOWAS1 so i do not know what it was like as i came from company of heroes and i still think this is better only because of the mods and missions on the workshop that make this game SO much better and this game had SO much potential but it never met it as they just seem to want money from its fans.Overall i think that you should wait for a big steam sale and wait till its £5.00 and the DLC's are about £2.00 so your not spending much money on stuff that should already be in the game and make sure you have friends that are going to get this so it can be alot more fun than if your on your own.Hope this helped and say what you like this is just my poinion thanks for reading and c ya."
76561198260277737,Recommended,244450,22323310,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,katdebre man,if you like realtime stratagy games youll love this game and its a good open world game you can make freinds battle freinds to this game will be yours i rate this a 8/10 review get the game all ready dont just stand there buy it NOWWWWWW by
,Recommended,244450,19251747,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,l'ours polaire,much gr8 such fun werry wow :D
76561198238178314,Recommended,244450,22293283,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,YT JakeDBoss,I have played Men Of War for a year now and i got to say i love it. Not just the online battles but you can make diffrint battes for your self! i have played a lot of Men Of War and i plan to play a lot more!
76561198010418309,Recommended,244450,22287365,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,lpaddyshort,goof
,Recommended,244450,22146018,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,CaptainMuffler,Great game! But the workshop mods make it so much better. 10/10
,Recommended,244450,14936627,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,CrunchySaturn,"Tris game is  good game for people who loves ww2.1)+Many real tanks, soldiers and battles in campaign.2)-In multiplayer are many interesting places for battles but they are not interesting(I mean battles:) )."
76561198105195595,Recommended,244450,22246220,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Bush,"No skirmish really is a let down for a game with so much depth and potential. On the bright side, theres a butt load of mods at your disposal to make this game better if you can figure out how to get them to work."
76561198056275036,Recommended,244450,22574645,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,|FOS|. Awperator,"lot of the same missions however it is a remake of the failed men of war assault squad.,. good game however."
76561198132998367,Recommended,244450,22687518,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,BILTEMAKÖRV!!!,it is the best stratigy game in the world!!!!
76561198163411257,Recommended,244450,22627118,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,John Wick,"Multiplayer and skirmish mode are awesome especially with the great modability of the game, I can play like every nation in the war and also use modes such as red rising for modern day combat. The only downfall of the game was the recycled missions from the first men of war but is definitely an improvement. It could have bin and update but considering the fact that you have more features compares to the previous one I can excuse that."
76561198072528481,Recommended,244450,22588285,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Roadman ting,"This game has got to be one of my all time best games I've played ever! The mechanics in this game work so well together. I have never seen a Strategy game use physics like this and the editor... Don't even get me started on the editor! The editor is complex but once you know how to use it, your possibilities are endless. I LOVE THIS GAME"
,Recommended,244450,22527851,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,max,I can get to know each one of my units and then watch them die when the enemy charges my position. This game is very well done. The price is a bit high but if you and your friends pick it up on  sale it is worth it.
76561198107846602,Recommended,244450,23305059,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Maestah,"It's realy simple, best WWII RTS ever made, and the modding community delivers a great job and addition to the vanilla game."
,Recommended,244450,23301110,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,AceRepublic,"This game is a great RTS, I play this game all the time, I would advise getting the DLC when you get better, but it is a great game over all."
,Recommended,244450,23357709,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,NutCap'nObvi,No Words Cuz it's Awesome
76561198018754072,Recommended,244450,24242835,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,EricTViking,"I found Men of War Assault Squad 2 by accident... I've played many RTS games over the years and really enjoyed playing Company of Heroes. In the Steam summer sales I bit the bullet and bought COH2. COH2 IMHO is pants. COH2 is not so much a strategy game, more like a fast paced shooter where you have to simultaneously control 75 characters. Gone is the base building and fortifying and strategising that went into COH1, with COH2 it's basically Leeroy Jenkins time.So why am I talking about COH2? Well I was searching the web to see if anyone else found COH2 so bad, and it seems I was not alone. And in one particular forum someone mentioned Men of War 2.I must thank that person, because Men of War Assault Squad 2 is absolutely awesome. It is everything that COH2 isn't.MOWAS2 feels a lot like COH1, except the graphics are slightly less refined. When I say that, the graphics in MOWAS2 are excellent, it's just that they are slightly less filtered and not so anti-aliased which gives them a sharp look. Not a problem at all, just a slight difference.MOWAS2 gives you reallt fine grained control of your various squads, and also gives you the time to enjoy playing with them. If things are getting a bit hectic, just hit backspace and put the game in slow motion.The maps in MOWAS2 are nice and big too, so you don't feel the game play is too linear.I'm still fairly new to the game, but have to say this is one of the best RTS's I've played and definitely the best WW2 RTS. If you played and liked COH1, you'll love MOWAS2!Give COH2 a miss, MOWAS2 is the new benchmark."
76561197969812835,Recommended,244450,24235864,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,BeyondFubar,I hate this game so much I logged 424 hours in it.
76561198216968253,Recommended,244450,22369232,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,SS-Marshall,i had men of war assalut squard 1 and i seen this one had modsi just had to get it9/11
76561198298349913,Recommended,244450,22495631,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Ftacitus,"Everything about this game is great,  100% recommendation for every ww2 rts fan."
,Recommended,244450,22697002,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,[NGG] HiGHBurrito,This game has so much replayability with the steam workshop and multiplayer modding support. Its amazing. 10/10 would buy again.
,Recommended,244450,18410405,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Adinuovo,"Men of War: Assault Squad 2 is a good and solid WWII strategy game. The campaign is solid, clear and fun and so are multiplayer games.One big thing is that you can actually use mods in Multiplayer mode to spice things up a little. You can make basically sandbox multiplayer games where everyone spawns in huge armies and just starts this huge battle. Perfect for re-enactments too.Graphics-wise the game is not really standing out, but it's definately not bad either. The interface of the menu's, mostly the main menu look like it was made in 1998, which kinda scares you until you start playing the game itself.Another big advantage is the large amount of units you can build. The game is often compared to Company of Heroes, but it's gameplay differs mostly in the fact thay in Men of War: Assault Squad 2, you don't need to make any buildings to get progress. Also, you get to your unit capacity much quicker than in Company of Heroes, this can be solved with mods though.There is one MAJOR drawback (depending on how you see it) though: The Soviet Union. There was one game where I played with my friend (Mreetbaar12) and he was playing as the US army and I had the Soviet Red army. He had a whole army just absolutely slaughtering me. I was getting points by just waiting until I had enough for buying an IS-1...Well, he had like 8 tanks just killing all my soldiers before. I sent my IS-1 to his army, it barely took any damage and his whole army got absolutely wrecked. I ended up just putting it next to his spawn point and just spawnkilling everything he brought in. Even tank destroyers were useless. He thought I was cheating, but afterwards we both found out that the Soviet tanks are just EXTREMELY OP. This is fun for the one playing the Soviet Union, but can be very frustrating for the other players.Aside from that, if nobody picks the Soviet Union, other countries are more balanced to eachother. The US army can beat Germans at even chances and so can the British armies.Short recap:+ Solid Campaign+ Lots of different strategies possible+ Lots of units+ Descent graphics+ Mods can be used in Multiplayer+ Multiplayer works well- Soviet Union very stronk- Main menu looks very old- Unit cap without modsI can recommend this game to anybody who likes strategy games, but just keep in mind everything I said. I like the game, but it has some nasty disadvantages. Over all, I'd give this game a 8/10."
76561198165476409,Recommended,244450,23036449,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,krisnayana1,Nice game (y)
,Recommended,244450,23123436,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Charlie,"This game is probably one of the only strategy games where I can't get bored by it. The singleplayer is enjoyable and challenging in any difficulty and the multiplayer is great with friends. Sometimes, the opposition can be really hard to defeat on multiplayer if you aren't familiar with the game but other than that it is good fun.Enjoyable, realistic and very satisfying."
,Recommended,244450,22525825,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Toxic Jäger,"Where else can you find a Karl Gustav 60 cm super siege mortar be taken out by a t-34???10/10  Dmitri, Vladimir, Ivan, and Nikolai served Stalin well!"
76561198164559396,Recommended,244450,23047035,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,a random facist,Its is fun and addiactive                                                                                                                                                                            11/10 Russian Bias
76561198122367837,Recommended,244450,23047740,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,cotty_812,its a goooood!
76561198204644117,Recommended,244450,25433081,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,NuMeRouS,Pretty Dank. Multipalyer is fun; Campaign puts me in a deep depression. I do prefer multiplayer wise. I hope you have good internet because multiplayer is the only reason i like it.
,Not Recommended,244450,25448516,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Obitus - UniverseRP.com,"Most realistic WWII RTS game, sadly bots/multiplayer AI is paid which sucks.. Overall is good but it sucks bots are paid. So if you wanna play offline play Single Player or buy Company of Heroes 2.PS: Will change if bots are added."
76561197981716582,Recommended,244450,25442022,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,LavaJava,"Just buy it.  Awesome hybrid, these devs pulled it out...fantastic wargame."
76561198282959444,Recommended,244450,24494084,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,bigkingtaco97,i cant play it dont know why anyone knows how to make it work
76561198243978976,Recommended,244450,24491375,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,ehannon413,Far and away my favorite game all time! The platform is awesome and the developers constantly upgrade them game using actual feedback from the Forum and chats. The MODS are great too and I appreciate that I can play new missions without shelling out additional money. When my generation was gaming I remember having to pay $60 every year to get the latest updates for Madden Football on the PlayStation. Also let me add that The MOWAS community has been great too. Everyone is quick to help and whenever I have need assistance there was someone readily there to give guidance.
76561198145397509,Recommended,244450,24479027,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Sgt_Fallout,"Its a great game, and has great mods."
76561198034669846,Recommended,244450,24522734,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,{FOX} ColinMartin,Since word go on game I knew it was a good game and type of game I love to play!  It's a nice play with a friend and have fun and get wrecked by German tanks and run for ur lifes and end up got OWNED! lol But on down side of the game is I when u are calling reforcements in and it not urs it goes to other player! that is very stupid! But if u play with a friend u can go to top right hand corner and transfer back to me.. but on MP with other dudes they will not do it and hope the dev can fix this. so I love the game! download a mod played D-DAY was good but could be better might try another mod lol But overall I rate this game out 8/10 because of the silly issue.
76561198043867560,Recommended,244450,24488539,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,arthour05,"A good game!If you're looking for the kind of scale you get in a Total War game, you'll be dissapointed, but the fights are pretty much just as good, from my standpoint. It seems to be incredably moddable as well. I've not had a chance to really look into it but there appears to be alot of stuff to make i more accurate and add more difference between the units to make things more interesting to look at.It's a very pleasent way to spend some time, while it's kinda linear in a sens of 'capture the point and proceed up the map to each one' the need for some tactical fore-thought when trying to take each point is there. A well defended German flag can be a tough cookie to crack, especially if them artillary support and anti-tank guns. Does get a little samey though, because each mission *is* a case of ""Move from bottom-to-top of map, take points, kill enemy."" But the different unit types can spice it up, as can the ability to directly control things like a tank and fire at where you know that pesky anti-tank gun is!"
76561197965717281,Recommended,244450,24530002,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,|Z.N.| Silver Dragon | USA |,the game is great but im having aproblem getting on it. When I start getting on it there is a pop-up that says (Program will be terminated App_ERROR: Cant open pack.resource/map.pack
76561198175361145,Recommended,244450,24530272,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,TOTOASTORNOTTOTOAST,ok
76561198245646840,Recommended,244450,24530527,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,crazycraft54,ONE OF THE BEST WW2 GAMES EVER SO MUCH CONTENT runs well and is so much fun even though i dont play it much ive played the first and this and they are both awsome well worth the money.
,Recommended,244450,24504999,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Field Marshal Erwin Rommel,This game needs more content. Still good.
76561198131571261,Recommended,244450,24528188,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Nemesis,Rip one of my most favourite games and i can no longer play it sadly they made the game incompatible with older systems so i can no longer play until i get a new one but hey it is what it is and its a great game and the modding community if very active would recommend it to anyone who takes intrest in strategy games as this game can be modded so that it isnt ww2
,Recommended,244450,30828285,Posted: 30 March,all,Very alcoholic kitten.,It's good buy it knoob
,Recommended,244450,24495382,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,M'jew,"Great, but could use more content"
76561198321068518,Recommended,244450,24676457,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,jto52201,"does ayone know how to fix ""program will be turminated app_error: cant open pak rescoures/map.pak. "" when i try to start it up ?????????? PLZ HELP!!!!!!"
,Recommended,244450,24659072,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,PEENOOTZ,"good game,better with mods.EVEN BETTER when i found out i could drive a farmer's tractor.10/10 would take a tractor again in the middle of war."
76561198280283397,Recommended,244450,24003742,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,field_marshal_manekshaw,Great game. Intense learning curve. I have been a big fan of the franchise even though the developers have changed countless number of time over the period of the last 12 years.Highly recommend this game.
76561198115271296,Recommended,244450,23982647,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,WalkinDeadLive,"Wanted this game for years and just brought my first gaming laptop with Alienware so i can finally play this and its better than i anticipated and for the price with summer sale i was laughing, Only been playing it for couple days but i highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys world war two based games."
,Recommended,244450,20072948,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Fuggledorf,Finger lickin' good.
76561198119946671,Recommended,244450,21672630,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Broji,very fun game if you play in the editor and make your owns scenarios but set the units on hold position or they will just start running aroun
,Recommended,244450,21678014,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,TheCombatWombat,"This game is great, but when i open it the game says ""not SDL file Program will terminate"". plz help"
76561198145876551,Recommended,244450,21628209,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Halex_Karma,Men of war is a game i would play for hours its so fun to make little or big wars and there run so good my pc is really good but i fill everones pc can run these if you have a desent pc you can run these game.if you dont like these game you can always get mods to make it a lot more fun.These is comeing from the on the only monster 10/10 what do you thank.TRY THE GMAE!!!!
76561198063771009,Recommended,244450,21618846,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Some Rude Dude|11th AMB,This game is great. I played men of war assault squad before this one and at first there did not seem to be much of a difference but after playing it for about 2 hours and looking at the online part i noticed that is is quite different. I mostly play this game online with one of my mates and we used to hate certain things about the game. And this version fixed all of the things we hated. So if you are not sure about buying this game just buy men of war assault squad first and if you like it you should definately buy this one because it is totally worth it.
,Recommended,244450,21612685,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Eddy.Sanders,"Men of war is hands down my favorite strategy series. It offeres much more depth than most, allowing you to control individual unit's inventory, and with everything having ammo counts. This may seem overwhelming for many, but they've added features to help, like the ability to group units into squads wnen you select multiple, and by adding ammo trucks, so you don't need to individualy add ammo to every soldier.The direct control mode adds a great level of depth to the game, allowing you to effectivly use a unit as your personal spec ops or elite unit.The final thing that needs mentioning is damage/health of units. It's one of the most realistic feeling games in terms of unit health, where as some games (i'm looking at you CoH) feel like your units are armed with pea shooters, where the damage seems sometimes random, on MoW, it feels dangerous, and although your units have health, a machinegun will mow them down with ease, and a tank shell will take them out easily if they're not in cover. Which brings me onto tanks. There damage models are great, with no health, but rather a realistic damage scheme, with round deflection, penetration, and just about every part, even the crew, can be taken out. They are also great fun to use in direct control mode."
76561198208504075,Recommended,244450,21649371,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Turtle,good
76561198041582478,Recommended,244450,21720011,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,greenmania,its pretty much a carbon copy of mowas. but that being said i dont think its a bad thing with the DLC plus the mass amounts of mods available this game just keeps on going
76561198229444416,Recommended,244450,21718702,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,El Patron,great game hope they can make a ne one of  WWI instead of battle of empire
76561198155967826,Recommended,244450,21531196,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,The Iron Historian,"Working mulitplayer, similar yet different campaign to AS1, good graphics, more mods, and a more active community.It still doesnt introduce much more new content than AS1 though. If you already have AS1 buy this on sale."
76561198281429907,Recommended,244450,21506549,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,teddygth6,very good WW2 game.
76561197992283931,Recommended,244450,21710938,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Illijixz,a must have for any seasoned strategy player.pros: intense depth and gameplay!cons : weird performance issues and laggy multiplayer situations
,Recommended,244450,21615611,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,cortex471,"I hope the developers see this review:It's clear that this game is built on SHOWWII (I spent +200 hours on it already), and although this game came 10 years after SHOWWII .. it's NOT as good.This game rushes the gameplay, and doesn't let you absorb it. While SHOWWII gives you many chances to inspect units, 'feel' their power, and spread your influence on mission .. I can easily think of like 5 ways to achieve a mission objectives and have fun manipulating the plot.But Men of War would take the game play from you and commence a battle, leaving you helpless watching the course of battle hoping that your unit will do well.Also the importance of items like barrels and repair kits has been reduced buy offering them with every unit. I don't like the campaign, who thought it was good idea to copy a mission over all campaigns switching the sides ? Do you call that mission design ?I personally enjoy campaigns and long missions more than multiplayer.Narration voice is not strong enough, and not sure what is the value of all blur and shines on the screen , does not look real.I love how AI is smart enough to make you worry about getting into troubles, also I like the greater focus on vehicles.Please stop making blurry RTS games that run themselves."
,Recommended,244450,21745350,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,PunkShit,"This game is sooo realistic and fun , I rated it 9.5/10. I like this game because have a lot fun campaign and this game have much good mods"
76561198167031633,Recommended,244450,21784703,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Sir_Froggy,Applying mods has never been so easy.
76561198093920099,Recommended,244450,21697692,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Dog,after 160 hours of slaughtering commies the game decides to crash and now anytime i try to start the game it freezes at 58% AND NO MATTER WHAT I DO THE GAME WILL NEVER LOAD so ya 8/10 would buy
76561198161351657,Recommended,244450,21144627,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Dingle Wingle (El Corgi),The game is simply put Fantastic9/10 fix little bugs and boom
,Recommended,244450,21186959,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,kⓐⓖs,"The Story Of Bobby Smith.He was a medic.  Killed an MG nest.Recovered an MG-42.  Continued through the city alone.Encountered three mg nests.  Killed them.  Encountered a Panzer.Whips out his stolen Panzershreck and watches it skyrocket because he hit it's ammo.Continues, tearing through waves the scarce German troops.  Literally detonates about a dozen fuel drums that were a few meters away from him.  Blown away by shockwave.  Scratched up, but lives.  Continues on, eventually making it to a flak cannon.  Flak cannon fires at him, and he takes a singular round.Blown away by shock.Lives.Kills the operator of the cannon.Kills many.Gets out of cannon.Starts killing men with his MG42.Proceeds through town, running out of ammo, and killing two germans with his fists.I win the game with practically just him.TL;DR Direct control is OP."
,Not Recommended,244450,24884310,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,ImaHaraSenSeiKai,"Such a nice day to write a review, after I read the 'Men of War Origins' article, I decided to finally do it and encourage you, to only buy this game if you are really really bored.I truly loved the previous games for their depth of gameplay and functions, that's why I was excited to buy this, and I was OVERWHELMINGLY disappointed. I tried to love the game, but I'll be frank the game has failed me.The modders make this game better, to be honest, if not for them, I wouldn't have played this much with this game.Thank you modders, we all love you guys, keep up the good work!It's basically a downgrade of the old Men of War and even to the Assault Squad.Poor game engine makes everything laggy and even on low settings it stutters a lot. It doesn't matter though, we love this game, so we tolerate it. At least I do.What did not pass at all, was the developer's sense of originality during creating of single mission/coop. They are awful ctrl+c ctrl+v missions with half being infantry action all the way. YAY. No Single Player campaign we all loved, all along with zhe gorgeous voice acting, none of that 'ere!Bunch of things were removed from the game like ability to go through all the boxes, lots of infantry tasks (focus fire etc.).There is no point further flaming the game, you get the basic idea. Hope some find this useful, or the developers catch on it and change. (hah, joke)"
76561198141101340,Recommended,244450,24548975,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,FB||YTG_Cougar,"Great game! i mistakingly got this insteand of another and my expectaions were low but this game exceeded this low expectations!! it has a gret realistic graphics, easy controls! very easy to learn! the singleplayer is great but its better if have up to 16 friends or players joining you on the campaign!!!"
76561198202919272,Recommended,244450,24569101,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,FUZZYBLOB,"very good, very nice i like it."
76561198049566274,Recommended,244450,24609124,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,GroWiamRus,"Cool game ! NEED TO BUY ! )and try whis one "" 9th Company: Roots Of Terror """
76561198105738678,Not Recommended,244450,24655766,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Olof Svansted,"Buggy and suond problem, wont even start no more. I like the game but i cant not olay it any more"
,Not Recommended,244450,24681955,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,lynxtan_96,"Guys, can someone help?I just bought all the DLC and it's already installed  but the skirmish mode still didn't unlock. Can someone solve this problem for me?"
76561198248822928,Recommended,244450,24571729,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,ItsVoltzX,can someone help me i closed the game wrong and it got the crash and it says its still running can someone till me how to fix this i tried somuch ways.
,Recommended,244450,24600046,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Hans,One of the greatest games I have played by far. It is everything one can hope in a good RTS and now with the new update a very well made single and multiplayer experience . The community of people making mods and missions are amazing. I have countless memories in this game and I extremely suggest
,Not Recommended,244450,24601184,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Kraylion,I do not recommend it at this time and at this price.
76561198063685284,Recommended,244450,24580589,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Earthman,"I like the game I really do it is fun to play with friends and the new update allows us to play as our favorite nations without all suffering. My friend like japan I am a Germany guy. 1 word of advice though dont pay the 30$ dollars wait for a sale even though it is a great game and cheaper then COH2 it still has some bugs even this late into release. The mods are the best part of the game because it allows a better experience unlike vanilla like Robz mod gives you so many options of weapons, tanks...ect. GSM though not updated to the newer version and almost dead due to no more updates gave us things like Romanania, Italy, and even Poland. If you get this game dont stay with vanilla forever the modders work very hard and make the game fun to play again when its boring."
76561198301106793,Not Recommended,244450,24585901,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Sl3dn3ck920,The was ok for the short time I played I would play more but the game wont let me back in to play so I cant recomend to highly :(
76561198313285375,Recommended,244450,24586286,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Panzer Division,"This game is fantastic,but when i went to create a map it crashed my game and i was no longer able to play the game becuase it kept crashing everytime i opened it."
76561198035604906,Recommended,244450,24809576,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Nikain,Good game
76561198026729826,Not Recommended,244450,24806866,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,delta3841,"No skirmish, AI for LAN, and i have the same version for mods and can't use them"
76561198184260835,Recommended,244450,22665344,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Indiana Jones,This game is good.1.You dont need Gamespy2.Very good multiplayer
76561198126705963,Recommended,244450,25764171,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Hoodie Ninja,One of the greatest games i've ever played. i'd always recommend this game
76561198256588898,Not Recommended,244450,25793604,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Gator,"Men of war assault squad 2 just don’t work. Ever since i purchased the game and downloaded it, the game continues to show that it is ""Preparing ""then it shows that it is ""Running"" then it shows that the game is ""Syncing"", afterwards nothing happens, the doesn't launch at all. so i would Recommend that you shouldn’t purchase the game until this problem has been fixed."
76561198049546638,Not Recommended,244450,14522011,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,SpookyScary,"Good game, shame the developers didnt care though"
76561198080924322,Recommended,244450,26831807,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,LTvoltic Liam,I have been playing this game for ages and there is always something to do! The comunity for this game is amazing with new mods uploaded everyday for it. The MOWAS2 editor is one of the easiest I have ever used and gives you an endless amount of fun!Overall the best game I have ever played!10/10
,Recommended,244450,26902477,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Yardsalexx,"Addictive and fun RTS, definately worth the money."
76561198108007663,Recommended,244450,26843069,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,-=GreyMatter=-,10/10 would T-34 spam again
76561198091925797,Recommended,244450,30917600,Posted: 3 April,all,mustangman65_79,"One of the hardest RTS's I've ever played. But also the most rewarding. Never have I played a game where strategy and placement was more important than the troops used.You can come out with the best tank in the game, but if it's unsupported or in a bad place, a single rocket from the brush can take it out.Have not tried pvp yet. I'm honestly afraid to as i still struggle with easy computers."
76561198066314755,Recommended,244450,26962788,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Spasciani,This game has many things to do and once you spend hours playing you download mods or create maps.
,Recommended,244450,26971257,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,くそ,"In a nutshell: CoH HardmodeThe game itself offers a huge range of Second World War weapons, vehicles and equipment and makes the player concious of factors such as ammunition and fuel. Direct control mode is another welcome feature with you being able to personally control every unit which can make tank combat a little easier. The difficulties will certainly stress even experienced RTS players so co-op mode is essentially a must in the harder difficulty levels. The are 5 different factions, however each one practially has the same unit types (in the campaigns) and each respective campaign follows the exact same trend of missions (Intro, Skirmish, Tank Defense etc). Sometimes the presence of enemy AT guns and artillery can get rather annoying but this can be often avoided.Overall, the game does deal rather in depth with the realism side of things with armor penatration, vehicle modules and resource management. The game can prove at times frustrating with some units appearing as bugged or out right unbalanced but these situations are only small experiences in the overall scope of things. The multiplayer and large Steam Workshop selections provide more opportunity for engaging games. This game I would definitley reccomend to those who enjoy the WWII RTS genre but want a more in depth playstyle whilst commanding their forces."
76561198023559231,Recommended,244450,26984861,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,AUG/SG GOD,"Its the bees knees man, lol seriously one of my favorite games, too bad there are alot of aholes online and  out of sync issues"
,Recommended,244450,26766903,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,RexyTime13,This game is the best and my favorite of all time. The mods are a thing that makes this game awesome.
76561198184021518,Recommended,244450,26733305,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,berry12000,awesome game
,Recommended,244450,30915502,Posted: 2 April,all,CRAZY NOISY HOLY CRUSADER,I only bought this game for galaxy at war mod
76561198149073972,Recommended,244450,26953094,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sgt. Something,"Sgt: Take this at gernade private.Pvt: Why Sarge?Sgt: You love your country right?Pvt: Yea.Sgt: Take it, run towards the tank and throw it.Pvt: Umm, I dont know about this. There is a mg and soldiers covering the tank.Sgt: Do you know how to throw a baseball?Pvt: Yea but, this is not a baseball.Cpl: Dont be a ♥♥♥♥♥.Sgt: Do it before we all die.Cpl: Do it.Pvt: Ok!*Pvt runs towards the tank*Cpl: Hey! Look Sarge!*Sgt and Cpl looks at the P-51s as they drop bombs on the tank**Pvt looks up*Pvt: Ah♥♥♥♥♥♥*Pvt throws the at gernade but its too heavy for his ♥♥♥♥♥ arm and drops a few feet from him**Explosions*(Week Later)*Sgt and Cpl comes into the field hospital to check on the private*Sgt & Cpl: Hey PvtCpl: by the way, you throw like a girl.Sgt: Shut up Cpl, he just needs practice.Pvt: ♥♥♥♥ you guys!"
,Recommended,244450,26959410,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Hatknight,The game is good.
,Recommended,244450,26919910,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mandalore,Possibly the greatest game ever made in history. Also one of the best editor modes in history. The editor is arguably better than the main game.
,Recommended,244450,26895036,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Thrand,"Review for Steam awards.If you are new to the series, and have patience, you are in for a great game.If you are paying full price and you have previously played MOW:AS1 i wouldnt recommend the game.I'm a massive fan of the series and personally have got my moneys worth, but lately the dlc and subsquent rehashes of the game under a different name feel like a cash grab. It's painful for long term fans as, im sure most would agree, would love some more content rather than an era reskin and another game released for full price.AI was never fully finished in multiplayer (not a massive minus, but it was moved to a DLC!!) but on the whole the game is QoL changes over Assault Squad 1.tl:dr if your into the multiplayer scene of the first game buy it, if your new, buy it on offer. If you played the first and didn't enjoy it... move along theres nothing to see here."
,Recommended,244450,26846833,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jurrilicious,Just amazing
76561198247781664,Recommended,244450,26926369,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Carman,Good game with great mods and modders
76561198012393325,Recommended,244450,26801002,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,BFoX,"This game is still awsome the best strategy, can't wait to play next titles. Robz Realism mod is making the most amaizing battles at all :D"
76561198101192835,Not Recommended,244450,24043845,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Bert karlsson,i dosent work.......
76561198060025268,Recommended,244450,15109925,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Terkel,It's good
,Recommended,244450,20586282,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Z3nd4r,"This is the best WW2 RTS I have played ever. Even better than Company of Heroes 2... total control over units (they can even be controlled with AWSD keys), a lot of variety for tactics, awesome tank and vehicle physics....You can equip inventory of every unit in the game, steal ammo or weapons from corpses... congratulations to the development team.Very good job :)"
76561198274010039,Recommended,244450,20688610,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,sergentguns85,This game i always wanted this is my favorite strategy game all time i hope u build one about the korean war because I WOULD DEFENTLY
76561198165843468,Recommended,244450,20509686,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Kamikaze Pilot,love it :D
76561198109629425,Recommended,244450,20515574,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,THE SITING SLIME,how do i update the game because some mods wont work with this verison please help because i cant play alot of mods
76561198271807647,Recommended,244450,20301590,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,MetroSeven0,I like this game and have played it for a bit. I'm new to PC games but I have previously played CoH 1 and 2. This is much more tactical than CoH and there is a lot more things to do. I've played a few mods and they work great with the game. The only thing wrong is that I can't play skirmish and I don't know how to fix that. Any help would be great! Apart from that I would seriously reccomend that you check this game out.
76561198187532845,Recommended,244450,20333157,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Tom Sansbury,Not as good as the 1st men of war but there are more missions and it is alot more real
,Recommended,244450,20320208,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Bogan,Coul;d play for hours on end 11/10 NBN
76561197969320416,Recommended,244450,20338831,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Barker Ashpaws,A game about the horrors of being a modder when the devs keep breaking every mod by updating 5kb of code every 4 days. An existential tour de force.
76561198056243896,Recommended,244450,21819055,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,sarapuu,Really fun. But the ai in this game man!
76561198203094552,Recommended,244450,21776523,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,mcmike01,Not a bad game good butt needs inprovement
76561198115175313,Not Recommended,244450,21827544,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,markagast,Bought the complete eddition for $39.99 and only got the base edition. Can't find out how to get help to get what I paid for!
76561198046873680,Recommended,244450,21806347,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,SGThollywd,Great game
,Recommended,244450,21935470,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Corndogtastic,"Really good, its the equalvalient of Company of Heros but I think a little better!"
76561198142790973,Recommended,244450,25045879,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Trickybones12,i need help! its a good game but i downloaded one steam workshop item an now when i start the game it gets stuck on ''mounting steam workshop items'' pls help
,Recommended,244450,30843497,Posted: 30 March,all,♜W0LF♜,Good mainly for multiplayer.
,Recommended,244450,25295438,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Mrfuzz117,"It is amazing, good graphics, good gameplay, just awesome altogether."
76561198174388157,Recommended,244450,24620888,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,goombalord,when I try to log in the game just crashes plz fix
,Recommended,244450,25921638,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Lottas,"In case anyone occasionally reads this ... I was not a man of reviewing unitl sitting in a train having nothing to do this moment. The idea of Why not give reviews to all my games suddenly came to my mind and Bang! This is it.I was once obsessed in sniping single soldiers with a 88mm tank gun.Using 20mm or 40mm AA gun to sweep groups of flesh was also interesting.This game is useful for releasing ones anger, just imagine your disliked ones as those poor foot soldiers."
76561198032539237,Recommended,244450,25747399,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Monster Truck Mater,"The beauty of this game is how heavily you can mod it. In all honesty, that's what people buy it for. Other than that, it's a pretty realistic RTS that's well worth the money (if you have people to play with). I haven't played multi much, but I can say the co-op and single player missions provied hours of replayability, and the mods only add more. However the updates that are constantly dropping screw up mods very badly. And the price is...just bad. Wait for a sale. 7/10PROS:-You can mod it up the wazoo-Great co-op game-Very stable, no glitches I've foundCONS:-Games can be extremely long, some upwards of 1 hour-Can have some issues starting up with mods-Updates ♥♥♥♥ up mods horribly-Price"
76561198139774756,Recommended,244450,23781219,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,HughManBeing,"Get it, Get it, Get it. Get it Get it. it Get. Git et. Did I say to get it?"
,Recommended,244450,23785482,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,SNIper of DARKness,"It's a very good strategy game, although the recent patches are trying to make it more Arcady in sakes of balance, it's still a great game."
76561198302139608,Recommended,244450,24191762,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,ZeeMan0909,Got it from the steam summer sale and i love it.Its the better and more tactical version of R.U.S.EI 120% think people should get this wonderful game
,Recommended,244450,24234564,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,NattWara,"Grand Tank Auto.American steal German tanksAmerican steal Japanese tanksGerman steal British tankshell, you could steal anyone tank, truck, car, flak gun, or a goddamn coastal battery.hijacking the 203mm coastal battery and shooting it at enemy tank is so satisfying.10/10 would steal everything."
76561198272023267,Recommended,244450,30157729,Posted: 24 February,all,Patton,"Great game, a few bugs, but a great game........ Buy it, but only if you have a few hours, and the mental capacity. But still, a great game."
76561198206250772,Recommended,244450,30820595,Posted: 29 March,all,Eastern javelinmen,great game in every sense but would be better if you could get on  top  of the  buildings etc.
76561198179166269,Recommended,244450,24214878,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,NaziBrandSoda,this game is fun when you have a friend to play it with. I would recomend installing some mods cause the vanilla can get boring
76561198135635655,Recommended,244450,24230857,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Dr. Phil,Big fan of this game.Its a Game you just keep coming back too.Skirmish with a couple of buddies is epic;)MoW3?  Or is that Call to Arms?
76561198289338021,Recommended,244450,23856334,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Ranger,Very interesting and much much better than men of war as2
,Recommended,244450,23911186,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Froggy the Doctor,I LOVE THE GAME it play really well for what it is
76561198109500518,Recommended,244450,23980216,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Appo,I cant play it anymore because of an error/issue with my game but I will not give a bad review because in my time playing a had an awesome time playing.
,Recommended,244450,23913423,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Engleburt Dolfuss,"Personnaly i think they should have skirmish frre, but keep the airborne DLC so it adds a few maps that allow you to take planes off.Other than that this game is amazingly acurate and realistic."
,Not Recommended,244450,23811311,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Fruit Loop Dingus Bustafooligan,very well optimized game 80+ frames at all times
76561198073066000,Recommended,244450,23939889,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Inheritor,"what's with the map pak crash all the sudden? it isn't working on 2 seperate PCs I own, and I can't even run the game, please fix this, it's one of my favorite games."
76561198085684233,Recommended,244450,30808445,Posted: 29 March,all,Soviet Commissar,3V3 Multiplayer gameplayed as The Great Soviet Union Aganist the grotty German Empireinstead of playing tactical i sent Hundreds of Soldier to their deaths trying to capture a objective10/10 would Stalin again
76561197970343789,Recommended,244450,23866966,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,[SG]chumbot,"MACHEN DEUTSCHLAND Groß WIEDER!!!!!!!!(but seriously, look those words up on google translate)10/10░░░░░░░░▄▄▄▄▄░░░░░░░▄▄█████████▄▄░░░░▄▀▀▀▀█▀▀▀▀▀▀█████▄░░▄██████░░░░░░░░░░░▀██░▐██████▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░▐▌░███████▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▐████████░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▐██████▌░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀▀▄░▀░▄▄▌░█▀▀███▀░░░░░░▄▀█▀░░░▐▄▄▄▌▐░▌▀▄░░░░░░░░░░▄▄▄▀░░░▌▀░▌░▌▐░░▌░░░░░░░░░░░▀░░░░▐░▐░▐░▀▄▐░░░░░░░░░░░▌▌░▄▄░▐░▌░░▀█░▄▀░░░░░░░░░▐░▐▄▄▄▄▀▐░░░▌▀░▐░░░░░░░░▄▀░░▀▀▀▀░▌░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▌░░░▄▀▀▀▀▄▐░░░▌░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░▄▄░░▌░░█▀▄░░░▐░▐░░░░░░░░░░░█░█░█░▀▀▄░▌░█░░░▀▀▄▄▄▄▀█░░░▀▄░░▀▀▄▄█░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░▀▄░░░░▀▀▄▄▄▀▐█░░░░░░░▀▄░░░░░▐░▌▐░█░░░░░░░░▀▄░░░▌░▐▌▐░░█░░░░░░░░░█░▐░▄▄▌░█▀▄░░░█░░░░░░░░░█▌▐░▄▐░░▀▄▀▀▄▄░░░░█░░░░░░░░░▀▄░░▐░░░▀▄░░░▀▀▄▄░░░░░▀▄░▄▀█░░░░░█░░▌░░░░▀▄░░░░░█"
76561198096369047,Recommended,244450,23923101,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Turkey,10/10Would complete campeign with just 8 soldiers again
76561198059629422,Recommended,244450,23933126,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Horse_Man 1,"This game was a great buy, and I have played it quite exclusively, untill it quit working 2 days ago.  The map.pak file can't be read! 8/10"
,Recommended,244450,13714197,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,PanzerRanger,"I was really in to CoH when I stumble upon this. I had tried one of the previous Men of War title but it did´nt catch me. I decided to give this one a shot and to exadggrate this game blow my mind. The things you wanted to do in Coompany of Heroes can be done here. Of course its not perfect but, for me at least, the better experiance. They are in my opinion to diffrent games as CoH i more arcadish and ture to the oldschool RTS like Red Alert with basebuildnings. So for me, I liked the idea of calling in reinforcements, ammo and fuel usage, diasbling enemy vehicles, troops that have equipment from the start and so on. If you like WW2 RTS, tactial games you should really give this a shoot."
,Recommended,244450,23770478,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Fredrick™,"It is somewhat disappointing that I bought the game 3 days before this game went on sale, but it is a GREAT game to play for herotic and valiant RTS gameplay. Great graphics, great gameplay, its just awesome over all. Beside being somewhat expensive (according to me), its great and worth the cost."
76561198161023083,Recommended,244450,23853519,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,pingpongyong,good game
76561198036001925,Recommended,244450,23401056,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Spectre,"Very fun game, once you get into it and understand how multiplayer works, it becomes loads of fun. I had gotten the mods Robz realism and Red Rising 3.2 (Going to be 3.3 soon) and it made the game 10X better/fun"
76561198213300665,Recommended,244450,23377308,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,supercruiser101,This game is awsome!
,Recommended,244450,23389663,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Shadowvssony,"Be careful on the(I guess)mods and things you download for the game,can shut down the game.Overall game is a 10/10,besides a bit of lag,downloadable maps and missions give it a boost,would play again if I wouldn't have downloaded some mods away from Steam."
76561198265145144,Recommended,244450,23445522,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,S1l3ntD3rp,Much mod........so death
76561198111944720,Recommended,244450,23141797,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,oof,"Men Of War Assult Squad 2  oh jeez, one of those borind 2D pixilated games.Sees it go onn sale for $3.....      Amazing. I thought it was bad at first, but when I played it, the game was the BEST MILITARY GAME I HAVE EVER SEEN DIPICT WW2 PERFECTLY!!!!"
76561198090080668,Recommended,244450,23241882,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Notsosneakyninja,Taking if it aint broke dont fix it to a whole new level
76561198270948250,Recommended,244450,23299638,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Revan,I love it
,Recommended,244450,23299938,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,yoursweetlove,it is a very great game i love  it my self
76561198082655109,Recommended,244450,23280174,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,your drunkin,this game is so awesome if your going to get a game get this one just dont be a try hard
76561198069429671,Recommended,244450,23280079,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Acceptable Losses,it is good
76561198158037998,Recommended,244450,23278923,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,doudee,This game is cool with good graphics and it's really hard to play it tho... but i really recommend it!!!!!! ;D
76561198271596377,Recommended,244450,23289012,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,tranchard56,graet game but it will be aresome if ther was a page were it says how to install mods
76561198067367009,Recommended,244450,23284773,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Hatsune Miku,"Yuo see Ivan, when I put you of in frontline alone. Es because of fear of losing all other menn in battle at once. 10/10 would cry with Ivan in the trenches because I don't know how to play this game properly ;c"
76561198036732153,Recommended,244450,23226279,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Proxy,If you want an in-depth RTS in the World War 2 era and lots of replayability this is a great game for you just make sure you get the Airborne DLC otherwise the replayability is very low.
76561198006717154,Recommended,244450,26447337,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Subotai,"bought on halloween sale for $10 including all the expansions - great game, much better than company of heroes 2. reminded me of the old school ww2 strategy games like stalingrad and sudden strike but with more modern graphics."
76561198262184874,Recommended,244450,26442638,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,ndavidson0331,please help i bought the game but when i trie to play it it says cant open map pak if you could fix it thank you but if not iwasnt a refund
,Recommended,244450,30901988,Posted: 2 April,all,Versalite,Failed my first singleplayer mission. Buff Germany pls.
76561198104015092,Not Recommended,244450,26410966,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Freelo,there are problem with text overlay which make the game really lag and will crash the game
,Recommended,244450,26171670,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Pnz-Krieger,This is Men of War Repacked Edition. Enchanced Graphics. Overall Good MP. DLC missions are ok but yeah.. there ae DLC... give me ur money... Overall Best of MOW series.. Enjoy
,Recommended,244450,26313246,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Kanki,"Almost same game with CoH but CoH or CoH2 morelike arcade style while this one is true styleIt is very addictive but the only drawback is lack of variant in campaign, i mean only securing outpost while the other is stealth mission7/10 from me"
,Recommended,244450,21179241,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,[BSB] Rhym3z,"Probably the most realistic and detailed RTS's out there.While the visuals dont have tonnes of JJ abrams fx about them, the attention to detail in the landscape, the buildingsand wartorn towns is excellent.Especially when all of your men can take cover behind the smallest objects.The cover system and how its represented makes CoH games look very outdated indeed.Each unit has its own inventory.A tank will have its MG rounds and various AP and HE rounds inside of it.A soldier will have his medikits, ammo, weapon, grenades etc and each unit can increase in experience with the equipped weapon too.There have been concerns of a lot of ""micromanagement"" when it comes to these inventories.Surprisingly its no more stressful or difficult than anything else.Ammo for example, can simply be replenished from supply trucks you call in that you stand next to.Each unit can also be controlled directly like you would a 3rd person shooter, which is great fun with tanks.The units themselves are very accurate as well, right down to uniforms, damage system and historical balance.Theres are very strong multiplayer community here too, which is great to see for a lesser known title.There are hundreds of top quality mods to get from the workshop as well.They can add units, maps, modes, whole country's and balance changes.Highly recommended"
76561198005113968,Recommended,244450,26221288,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,CPU - Very Easy,"It's a pretty good game, it has a really long learning curve, but once you get it you'll enjoy it."
,Recommended,244450,27546219,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Deaf Kidiot,"Like the first, but better mod support."
,Recommended,244450,27543402,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,White Mann Can't Rocket Jump,"Fire for effect, keep your tanks forward, and show those Ruskies who's boss!"
,Recommended,244450,27535178,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,✪ A2R -iwnl-,10/10Make me eat mods for days
,Recommended,244450,27990894,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Steve Man,this game techinically should be dead BUT the mods are what keep it alive i only played 100 hours of this thingand let me tell ya had loads of fun messing around in the editor and playing online at 200 ping withmods such asRobz RealismRed RisingCOD WW3Valourand loads more...plus you can get it dirt cheap nowalthough you do need a semi-good pc to run this
76561198018159448,Recommended,244450,27986272,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Helynaattori,Intresting WW2 strategy game.
76561198275658551,Recommended,244450,27984748,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Destruction909,got a problem with the game as it will not load? when it sinks it closes and starts to run again
76561198049598695,Recommended,244450,27984038,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,[14th BK (B)] Cpl. Bievenour,This game is the best. It has alot of fun hours. the default single play can get really repetititve. but there are so many mods that it makes this game great for hours of fun.
76561198141527708,Recommended,244450,27971120,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,DustyLemonFartz,LOVE this game!!!! Best game I've played in a long time!
76561198199078631,Recommended,244450,21793943,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,TheKillerBunny,One of the best RTS games I have played. Definately the best tank physics of any RTS I have played. Lots of good single player missions and great multiplayer.
76561198102142080,Recommended,244450,27785215,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Dog sleeping on a cucumber,"Started a game and my ally ran over 80% of my troops with a light tank. That light tank then proceeded to run over a concrete barrier, fly 50 feet into the sky, turn upside down, and explode killing the crew and the rest of my troops. 8.5/10 not enough tractors. P.S. The DLC is BS"
76561198057059319,Recommended,244450,27882892,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,John_McCarthy11,"A Great game, with many fun hours to be had. the game is made 10 times more fun with a great modding community, who puts out mods and updates even today.there is only 1 down downside and thats the xp system for unlocking units in multiplayer but that can be bypassed with multiplayer settings."
,Recommended,244450,27928112,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Mac_er,"The thing about this game is not that of it's content, the singleplayer is Repetitive, it's super boring after you played like 2 times and it's also literally copies the campaigns from MoWAS 1, the only thing fun is this game is modding it and play the mod, that's literally it....but you know?, that is it's main point, the game's vanilla content is boring, but when the community itself is REALLY active and can provide More than enough mod, it's entirely fun to playand don't get me started on singleplayer, it's ♥♥♥♥ing lit, you can have chaos with 3-5 of your friends or have the most intense RTS multiplayer match your whole lifeanother good point of this game is it's Editor, you can make your own scenario and mapsinfinite mods/10"
,Recommended,244450,27930456,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Onii-San (Smokey),Very fun game would reccomend it to anyone who loves Company of Heroes or any other WW2 strategy game.
76561198153441409,Recommended,244450,27948268,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Pleakly,"This game was fun as hell for me, I used to love fighting along side other players in big open and urban maps where gunning enplacements and a single squad of troops could be the difference between defeat and victory. I would of loved to keep playing this, however i had a problem after about 3 weeks of owning the game. An access violation error which never let me play MoWAS2 again. I still really want to play this game again but im not going to give it a bad review because i loved it so much, even though i only had it for 3 weeks to play it :/"
,Recommended,244450,27657260,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Doggo upgradecsgo.com,8/8 would throw grenades everywhere again
76561198108162442,Recommended,244450,27531571,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,cypylix,Play and have fun with this gorgeous game.
76561198170298705,Recommended,244450,27469987,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,golfscooter,"THIS GAME IS AWSOME!! I play on a laptop and it runs amazingly! The effects are actually mind blowing! I spent 1038 hours on this game and it is still as fun as the first time i played because you can create your own battles in the editor. The only problem i had with the game was there is no tutorial for the editor(you have to watch videos on YOUTUBE).Dont let the games age fool you the creators are constantly uptating graphics,vehicles,and new soldiers.SHOUT OUT TO WIGGA(the best modder and ceator of my fav mod WW3 or MW3) and also the creator of the Rising Sun Mod (also my fav mod)PLZ DOWNLOAD THESE MODS OFF OF THE WORKSHOP!!!!!"
,Recommended,244450,27523703,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Cyb3r,with robz mod this becomes one of the most realistic and fun ww2 rts games to play where you can drive your own tank and directly controll your soldierswith customizable skirmish mod you get to play out what if's and how they would play out
,Recommended,244450,27513838,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Kreunz,Awesome game. Thats it. Buy it now.
,Recommended,244450,27556336,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Maple Syrup,"Can't stop, best strategy concept."
,Recommended,244450,27559188,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,"Kawaiimont, the Boas",I like the part where a single impact grenade can blow up a soviet tank that can deflect shells from calibers twice as large as his
,Recommended,244450,27578225,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,twitch.tv/RebsArmy,"Men of War: Assault Squad 2 is the best Wolrd War 2 RTS game out there, the physics are outstanding,the mods are brilliant and the battles are epic. :)"
76561198170118286,Recommended,244450,27400440,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,NAZI Surrender,"Great game it like 4 in one package 10/10 you get singleplayer,mods,multiplayer, and the outstanding editor that allows you to ceate your own battles and maps allowing for the insane amount of replayability. I love this game"
76561198180025187,Recommended,244450,30943917,Posted: 4 April,all,ningshok,Id say sales are the real steal. I wouldn't suggest buying this at full price cuz you feel terrible when you notice how sales are sometimes round the corner. For example I got this at 2$ at a sale. The complete version:). The graphics are awesome and gameplay is for people who can spare hours.a single mission took me a couple of hours. I was a newbie. Play demo first if you are new to the Men of War series.
76561198119498957,Recommended,244450,27305715,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,marmik144,Great game in which every man counts. 10/10
,Recommended,244450,27292413,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Tutti Fruitti in the Booty,I can play this game for Hours
,Recommended,244450,27458834,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Fimfor,Probably one of the better RTS games out there right now if you are looking for any sort of realism which is not grand-strategically complex. The devs also keep the game regularly updated and there is plenty of workshop content if you are into that.
76561198158919308,Recommended,244450,27461785,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Panzer_soldier,"Great realistit rts game but for multiplayerbots you need the Airborne dlc, but this game is wonders good"
,Recommended,244450,27575869,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Dark_Shot,it's great
,Recommended,244450,19876572,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Joseph Stalin,"Good game , i recomend"
,Recommended,244450,19849853,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Roushk,Best WWII ground simulation I have found. More detailed than COH2.
19833754942098024,Recommended,244450,19850033,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,YOU GOT A HOLE IN YOUR LEFT WING,"To be honest. From my experiences, this game isn't all that bad. Multiple people say they dislike it because it was a re-release of AS1 but with little differences besides textures and a small trinket here and there, and also multiplayer. While I agree completeley with this statement. On it's own though, it isn't a BAD game.     Let me explain. Yes it is basically a re-relase of AS1 but with multi. But that's comparing it to AS1. Quite frankly, I could also say AS1 was bad due to the fact of it not having an amazing set of missions that MOW or MOW:RT had. Now, if this game didn't have steam hosting, I would not reccomend it. But it does, which makes playing with your friends a whole bunch easier. And that's my next point.I play it with my friends, and have a good time.... Well. One of my friends, and he basically hates the defense missions (Which I somehow adore). But I still have fun with it regardless. Alot of the arguments against the multiplayer I see always include something along the lines of ""-Did I say lag? well it should be here twice "" (From Winterwolf's negative review) or something about optimization. I can't exactly prove them wrong, as I don't play random multiplayer matches (Because I'd get rekt). But when I play with the one friend, honestly, I don't have a problem. Nobody (Or atleast nobody I've seen) that writes a negative review ever accounts for playing with friends. I'm sure that they do encounter issues when playing with random people, but if you play with friends, it's a completely different story. And is probably leauges more fun. And although I cannot personally say anything about the developers and their refusal to fix stuff, since the majority of the people say they don't, I can only be inclined to believe so.I'm not saying you should like this game because I said so, but I'm also not saying you should hate this game. Honestly it's pretty okay for me. If you're thinking about trying it, play Men Of War (The original). If you didn't like it, then don't get this. But if you did like it, and thought ""Oh man! This would be amazing with friends!"" Then you should probably get this game! But please keep in mind you should probably get it on a sale (Like the winter sale that's going on at the time of this review) because it not worth 30$ when you could just get AS1 which is the same but without multiplayer for 10$.     All in all, this is a pretty okay game in my book. Sure it has its ups and downs, but at the end of the day, playing it with friends provides the best experience.What? That's all I had to say."
76561198164164582,Recommended,244450,19853960,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Godzilla2016,The main game is  great but the aborne dlc is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t when you get ready to start the match the game is termanted and the only thing to do is rage at the $10.00 you wasted for the pice of♥♥♥♥♥♥but dont get the dlc and your fine
76561198151452762,Recommended,244450,21349107,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,CannonFodderKiwi,"Great game, loads of fun and something that you can keep coming back to. buy it."
76561198157384403,Recommended,244450,21398984,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,DARK5,"Best WWII RTS for anybody, easy to adapt, and will keep you focused for days if not weeks, I haven't even scratched the surface of the game, 54 hours and counting! Worth every penny, for it's long and action packed campaign, not to mention the 1000s of community made maps and mods made by players who love the game as much if not more than me. This game earns an Amazing! 9/10 With a Bad♥♥♥♥♥seal of ultimate approval!"
76561198109300824,Recommended,244450,21373548,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,tyghost82/Blaze/Furynator,"Too much $, but fun. Mods make the game better. Good RTS overall - has Direct control"
76561197960688195,Not Recommended,244450,21192283,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,[OCB] VALOUR,Didn't I just see this for like $8?  Now it's $30?
76561198187985218,Recommended,244450,24128997,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,KräftigKauenspielzeug,"This is one of the best RTS games I have ever played. It has great unit diversity between the factions. This game also has a healthy  modding community, some of the most popular mods are Galaxy at War and Robz Realism mod both found atwww.moddb.com. The game runs well unless you place hundreds of units, the way the game looks is really nice.Overall I think its worth picking up. :)"
,Recommended,244450,28635276,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Cedjoe,Nice Strategy game
76561198057645762,Recommended,244450,28633741,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Maximizer,"Been playing this for a couple years. Bought the definitive edition just now and it has changed my life. Really good game. 9,5/10. Goes up to 10/10 if you get the mods. RobZ, galaxy at war, modern war. Brings tears to my eyes."
,Recommended,244450,28616386,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Duncan05,"Game is definitely not complete, it is quite buggy at some points. However, the modding community has gone to great lengths to combat this, along with creating new and exciting variations on missions. This means that the replayability of it is almost unmatched. The AI is very unusual, the controls are unwieldy at points, and the game crashes quite often, for what should be a finished product. Stil, the game's modding community alone makes it worth it, not even bothering the multiplayer systems put into place. Whether it be modernized combat, or going even further back to the Great war era, Men of War: Assault Squad 2 is, without a doubt, a great game."
76561198052320356,Recommended,244450,28689847,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,S.T.A.L.K.E.R,"Great game , you get punished if you don't know what your troops units so well so study up"
76561198106529996,Recommended,244450,28687166,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Lieutenant Meeseeks,"Great game, i enjoy playing this game and the amazing workshop support that it has. Its amazing and fun to play"
76561198349023174,Recommended,244450,28681067,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,jakelighting,"Over all this game is great. Graphics are stunning, gameplay is over the top. The editor makes my game lag, but i'm happy with that. 100% fully recomend this game to any RTS fans out there"
76561198122507803,Recommended,244450,28643487,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,DieEneGamerr,Awesome game!
76561198088920922,Recommended,244450,28640441,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Garrus,Stupid AI and direct control your units just to end up destroying your own defenses. 10/10 would destroy my own defenses again.
,Recommended,244450,28660948,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,billiamkeim,good game sometimes a little slow but still fun
,Recommended,244450,21215362,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Milad,Super tactical!
76561198053978182,Recommended,244450,21143415,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Uberluot,How 2 hasve funStep juan: get a friend.step tew: make a masssivve army of tanks and peoplez.Step Nein: have them all attack at once.Step twetnryt onea: make the entire computre freeze for like a ♥♥♥♥ing muinte.step sexty nein :look at the aftermath of dead bodies and blown up tanks.Step 420 : actualy play the gameStep 256 : repeate until it is 23/11/69.
76561198151898464,Recommended,244450,21147722,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,REYNALDI VALEVI,Very Very Great Games
76561198124542159,Recommended,244450,21164959,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,MgSchutze,So in the little time ive had played i found very it simalar to the other men of wars with some new vehicles and workshop mods while still good i recomed the older games unless you want the workshop mods or new vehicles and windows 10 DOES NOT WORK with the editor
76561198039770004,Recommended,244450,21333609,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,wheelieking,its my faviroute men of war game i love the game play  hope  they make another game
76561198161182090,Recommended,244450,21323720,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,TMF_Sledge,very good game well recomended
,Recommended,244450,21949356,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Pollari,Great game with realism and fun!
76561198024847970,Recommended,244450,14134237,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Craeky Baeky,Fun game I would suggest robz. mod by the shermanator really great once you get bored!
,Recommended,244450,21821472,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,WarHasNoRules,"This is one the best multiplayer strategy games ever created for computers. I highly enjoy and recommend this game to 2 kinds of people, if you like or haven't tried strategy war games, or if you are an enthusiastic of ww2 era history and human conflict, then you will certainly enjoy this title."
76561198062786759,Recommended,244450,17327179,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,<| DOGE,Good enough....
76561198037042741,Recommended,244450,17819266,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Mal39,"I love this game, MOWAS2 really  uses immersion to its advantage, MOWAS2 made me feel like i was really in ww2 and i highly recommend to any ww2 fans/ historians out there to play this game."
76561198136870183,Recommended,244450,17806854,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,WolfBlitz128,Fun
76561198111093359,Recommended,244450,17815465,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Turboed_Fox,This game is amazing. If you love strategy games you will love this
76561198107902176,Recommended,244450,17832201,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,ALIENJACK1,AMAZING
76561198094718225,Not Recommended,244450,17766929,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,DreamOfMemes,"Baby Sitter simulator: army addition. This game would be amazing were it not for the fact that the ai often malfunction and you have to take over personaly. However by the time it takes to to do so the critical moment has already passed and the battle is already in enemy hands. Evry time I play this game I fin ai simply not shooting at enimies. Since tanks are especially crucual it is important that you rocket infantry is always ready. exept t never is. Evry time the dumbasses switch to another gun imediatly and ignor the tank directly in front killing his friends.  SO to destroy the tank you must click the direct control button, select the rocket launcher and then fire it. Also in direct control you can not take cover and will likely die quickly. Also flame throwers literally never fire unless under direct control. there are many other frequent problems with the ai that I have not mentioned.So if you like personaly babysitting a army of hundreds of inbred soldiers on 3 fronts at once then this game is for you. If not then leave this page and buy somthing with competent ai."
,Recommended,244450,17783386,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Carl the sedate,men of war assault squad is a great rts with unique direct control feature and lots of micro-management. lovin it.
76561198104834557,Recommended,244450,17765458,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Night Shade,"The best WWII strategy game ever created!The only thing which could have been done better are the animations of soldiers, but the rest is just pure awesomeness!!"
,Recommended,244450,17842275,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Lothaire2,Ze germans are coming!
76561198065042557,Not Recommended,244450,17837287,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,FRUIT CAKE JAKE,"Game is great but it crashes all the time now saying ""invalid location"" which is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and makes no sense because ive been playing it for weeeks and never touched the files and all of a sudden it starts crashing.. better get fixed"
76561198138160110,Recommended,244450,17854876,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,moneybaggys,I love this game with the right mods its a good game.
76561198148113117,Recommended,244450,17843737,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,tboyansell,"how do I fix thisEnabling Low Fragmentation Heap succeeded***************** Exception *****************Cant open pak - 1.pat (eiostreamzip.cpp, 183)------------------------------------------------------------------product_name - v3.031.0 b - standardunknown"
,Recommended,244450,17407133,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Corgilover,"its a great game, almost fully destructable enviroments realistic, very detailed and almost no cut off parts in levels.(warning turnaround) I love this game, but then, there's airbourne and the deluxe edition. airbourne, is okay, it adds more missions and units. thats fine. but one of the additional features is... bots for multiplayer?! why isnt this an included feature!? really 1c? and there's deluxe edition which does almost nothing! its a great game, but some things are almost inescusable!"
,Recommended,244450,16533295,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Code Cowz,A great RTS game that I absolutely love!
,Recommended,244450,16803711,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,dylanhack,"One of the best micro-managing RTS's I've ever seen yet, there's practically nothing wrong with it except for one thing. Which is no skirmishes, and when I mean that, I mean skirmishes like what you'd see in 99% of the other RTS's, like R.U.S.E, Company of Heroes, Command and Conquer, etc. MoW: AS2 however, thinks that skirmishes actually mean a hybrid of the two, blended campaigns and skirmishes together to form a really flexible system of ""skirmishes.""So, yea... I'd recommend it, but at the same time... that really makes it a downside for me, since I love going into a RTS, and just playing a skirmish, instead of doing missions in some campaign."
76561198048759059,Recommended,244450,17048291,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,pund,"I'll also write something here:Really a lovely game, lots of fun.EDIT: multiplayer issues are currently fixed, so thumbs up."
76561198149506098,Recommended,244450,17937049,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,ImNotFruity,"Currently having issues with mods, i really enjoy this game but the fact that i can't play the things i really enjoy about it now kind of ruins it's experience. I do recommend this game hoping mods will be fixed in the future but until then i don't really know exactly how to feel."
76561198084179995,Not Recommended,244450,17948238,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,BERT_MCKLIN,"ok let's make it simple : i'm a great fan of MOW, it's wayyyyy better than company of heroes (if you ever ask me, but i'm afraid it will never happen so i decided to answer this question) BUT : if you have in your library MOW assault squaddon't bother this one, it's the exact game as mow as, with better details, appart from this : same mission as mow 1, nothing special, so i suggest you to get back on Mow 1, or AS 1"
,Recommended,244450,17948492,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Pdguru,"An awesome game.  Very challenging, deep emersion, brutal battles.  The maps/sceario editor is a game itself.  I enjoy just creating the scenery!  Highly recommended."
76561198093959429,Recommended,244450,17946564,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,WittierTomb49,i think the game is really good and it doesnt have to be real it justs has to be my all time favorite game i have played as1 and as2 and keep up the good work :D
76561198075975771,Recommended,244450,17925309,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,sdlager,"MG42s, best mg in the game 11/10 IGN"
76561198007531689,Recommended,244450,17921091,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,gerard_o_donoghue,"First time playing this series, and I'm very impressed. Fun, realistic, great graphics and incredible gameplay. An all round winner. If you like beautiful explosions and destructable terrain you will be pleased. 9 out of 10."
76561198118037298,Recommended,244450,17902031,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Grenadier,Men of war is a great RTS based game.It has it's pro's and con's but by far it is one of my favorite games on PC platform(Recommended)
76561197977496921,Recommended,244450,17923196,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,da1punisher,"This game is great I love it, the game is hard to get tired of. My experience of mods however, the game will crash into the world trade center."
76561198352869191,Recommended,244450,29222156,Posted: 13 January,all,Avenger,its nice gameeeeee
,Recommended,244450,31003198,Posted: 7 April,all,Nyash,one of the best and most realistic ww2 rts games ever made. i wish the devs would focus more on this game and forgett about call to arms though.
,Recommended,244450,29190736,Posted: 11 January,all,[GL] John Kyle,I have a texture glitch where my avatar shows up everywhere and the text either stays there or it overlays with other text and I have NO IDEA how to fix it. And yes i have looked everywhere and cant find a solution. HELP ME PLEASE
76561198098288230,Recommended,244450,29175394,Posted: 10 January,all,Dinosaur,I always find myself remaking Saving Private Ryan...And I love it everytime.
,Recommended,244450,29234499,Posted: 13 January,all,Leviathan,yep
76561198241487152,Recommended,244450,28661388,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,alstar308,very awesome game i hope you guys keep making games like this 10/10
76561198239713400,Recommended,244450,28547978,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Black_Negro_In_My_Pants,Pretty solid game very enjoyable plenty of content with mode. I also find it cool at how realistic it is but it also has insane fiction designs. 9.5/10  make sure your computer is a good one
76561198073771982,Recommended,244450,28085773,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,JumpyDoughBoy,Great RTS especially for people who like history.
76561198146109011,Recommended,244450,28084845,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,rvb_222,Very enjoyable rts game
76561198026329415,Recommended,244450,28141351,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Reactem,If you played Company of heroes this will definitely be a good time!
76561198164980960,Recommended,244450,28538376,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Fox_Slayer,Great game for its price i suggest getting it
,Recommended,244450,28541430,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Sealreth,Ha man I really enjoy experimenting in this game and changing gear around between my units :)
76561198298892856,Recommended,244450,28546026,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,spaceghostreggae,THE GAME IS GREAT THE MODS MAKE IT A KILLER GAME EXPERIENCE
,Recommended,244450,22487677,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,LongChopStickz,I only play this for Robz Mod.
,Recommended,244450,28434263,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,CheekiBreekiBandit,"Very fun and realistic game.The mods for this game further make the experience even better.There are some issues with this game such as the text overlapping and becoming unreadable aswell as random textures all over the menu.If you dont have this issue, then it is very enjoyable in your spare time. I really hope the devs can fix this issue becouse i really loved playing this game"
,Recommended,244450,28409451,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Invalid_Deacon,Solid RTS
76561198033938067,Recommended,244450,28172213,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,The Eagle Assassin,A fun world war two live stratagy game that can be transformed into the modern day or star wars cold war or the first world war lots of fun for the type of people that liked the older first few call of duty's
,Recommended,244450,28352567,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Spoopy Doggo,Take up position in clifflose all my troops to a Pak 4011/10 would play again
76561198243577518,Recommended,244450,28346253,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,warbringer,"this is a fantastic game, i personaly didnt buy AS 1, but i did get the very first men of war and i loved it to bits, this game is very similar, but it has more units, the units in the first one have recived a significant grafic update, and there are some awsome mods on and of the stam workshopthe one thing that does tick me of a small bit is the frame rate. i can barly run it at midium and above is horific. but dont let that discourage you, my PC is a very old dell laptop with no outside puchased G cards"
,Recommended,244450,28343958,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Soul,Company of Heroes for men.
76561198114125112,Recommended,244450,28279425,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Sir_Garith,"This game has improved from MoW Assault squad 1, much better graphics and explosions. Also, they varied the order of the missions to be more historically correct, which is a nice touch."
76561198056200177,Recommended,244450,23624943,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,JohnSmitty,"I'll give this game a positive review.The legendary AI behavior is quarky, weird, and sometimes quite frustrating.I hate how the medic just stands there and sometimes gets killed because you can't immediately move him after he heals somone.I despise the first person tank commander missions.They are unplayable because lone tanks in the game are so weak.I am almost certain I've seen a tank destroyed by a water pistol.Much like artilliary a group of 3 or 4 tanks works best but they are still pretty darn weak.Give me a battery of long range artillary any day.The US Airborne commandos are hilariously overpowered.The improvements in the operation of the supply trucks is welcomed."
76561198105185390,Recommended,244450,28230172,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,A walking Rainbow Six meme,"The game is actually really good, but you have to buy a 10 dollar DLC for bots. Your friends not online? Buy bots for 10 dollars even though you should get them for free. If you really want a WW2 RTS game. play Company of Heroes 1 or 2, they both sell for the same price and actually come with bots without you having to fork out some more money that is unneeded. Or you know, if you're rich then you can just fork out the 10 dollars for something that should come with the game for free.It's sad, because this game is a masterpiece, but it infuriates me that the developers have not come up with a proper answer as to why they decided to do this. All they've said about it is ""Only the host needs the DLC to play with bots"", which isn't a proper answer.I've heard the AI isn't that good either, which only makes me feel even more unsatisfied.BUT, if you have plenty of friends, you should buy this game as you shouldn't need bots to play with if you have friends."
,Recommended,244450,28302282,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Corn_Dude,"i bought this game just to use the galaxy at war mod (star wars mod) in the mission edit, worth evrey penny"
76561197975784864,Recommended,244450,28305998,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Zuydstryder,"Good game, however i just bought the original version (AS2 24,99) and just discoverd that the upgraded ""graphics"" version costs only 19,99.Game 8.5/10-10 for sales division though. >.<'"
76561198323191991,Recommended,244450,28308234,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,NevanLittleSaint,"Its like BDSM, first you feel the pain but slowly you start to enjoy it."
76561198009432288,Recommended,244450,28279813,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,eharmon03,Simply the best RTS on the planet. Awesome MOD support. Do not miss out on this one.
76561198027554373,Recommended,244450,28919584,Posted: 1 January,all,Sno3y,it's an okay game i guess
76561198336258035,Recommended,244450,30997499,Posted: 7 April,all,ItsYaBoiFry,It was a good game overall.
76561198238014436,Recommended,244450,23212203,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,smokybandet7,its cool if it doesn't♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ING CRASH EVERY TIME U LOAD IT AFTER TWO WEEKS
76561198096155425,Recommended,244450,29085789,Posted: 7 January,all,csgo-skins.com hellcase.com,very nice game having fun !!
76561198273083638,Recommended,244450,29058530,Posted: 6 January,all,BRo1zzz,not BAD at all!
76561198282350939,Recommended,244450,28349401,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,jeroespilo,One of the best games about WWII I have played. If you want a game with better graphics and about modern war you might want to take a look to Call to Arms. Both are awesome!!
76561198149419869,Recommended,244450,29073185,Posted: 6 January,all,redowl151,"why isnt there more dlc stuff or more things for this game then the firt one can someone tell me that, but beside that it is a good game for me oh theres need to be allowed to select more troops then what is allowed now, thank you"
76561198144274669,Recommended,244450,29073787,Posted: 6 January,all,Mhmmyndighm,"good game if you are up for a challenge. It certanly was a challenge to learn all the basics, but when you manage to win your first couple of games.... satisfying af.....It takes a lot to overcome some aspects of the game... but once you do overcome them.... well, i love it..."
76561198061388529,Recommended,244450,28968916,Posted: 2 January,all,trinandave,"I think it's a pretty awesome game, But I think it could be a lot better if there were more single missions, and if we had a choice to have total destruction in the mission instead of just flags because it just ends the battle too fast. I also think that for single skirmishes that we ought to be able to set how long we want to play, or how many points  ends the game. 100 points makes for a pretty short game and doesn't seem like much of a battle.  Oh and I would really would like to be able to select as many units as I want in emergency situations on the battlefield and as far as I know at this point that isn't possible, but I am just starting this game and that may not be trudI really like how the game runs in general except for the few things I mentioned."
76561198280657307,Recommended,244450,28964117,Posted: 2 January,all,DalekMaster24,10/10
,Recommended,244450,28790654,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Mtech,It improves everything from the old Men Of War Assualt Squad and it has multiplayer and workshop support 11/10
76561198310458879,Recommended,244450,28922475,Posted: 1 January,all,FarSome,how I unstill mods its don't let me play it
76561198020471068,Recommended,244450,28951489,Posted: 2 January,all,YPrizzler48,"Game is great , i personally enjoy the editorhuge workshop community"
76561198243197922,Recommended,244450,29126048,Posted: 8 January,all,sidmussburger,Very good game. It starts you out easy but gets harder. That and coop makes it good
76561198209417516,Recommended,244450,28845191,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Nade spam,"I loved it good like all the men of wars, do creative things with GEM editor good modding community i would recmend to get it"
76561198093600766,Recommended,244450,25536556,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,tpantall,Great game 10 out of 10 defintly buy this slow at first but when your charging them your men getting moed down and it becomes a challenge your be glad your play this especily when you get to the mods with them you can fight in ww1 the napolianic wars call of duty wars its all great and all fun.
76561198054203430,Recommended,244450,28900480,Posted: 1 January,all,Riek,its a funny game but loading screen sucks it took like 10/20 minutes to start end then you do not even play a mission. but if it start and work it is a great game
76561198049488726,Recommended,244450,28755315,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,saberturbo,"It's good. It's the succesor to Soldiers Heros of WW2 which I loved. But... It just seems... less... ok, it has skirmish etc... but it just seems flawed... like most games to come out in the past 10 years... like it was rushed out... HE shells don't quite have the same bang as they used to, you have to take several shots to blow open a house when in SHoWW2 it would just take one.I love this style of game, it's alright if you like micro managing but less so if you just want to blow some s**t up and drive a Tiger tank around.I'm glad I got it, I'll play lots of it... but it's just lacking that va va voom that makews me say you have to buy this. There are F2P games out there like War Thunder that deliver the shooting a tank thing better... and yes, even considering it's pay to win..."
,Recommended,244450,28884473,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Spooky™,"This instalment of the MoW (Men of War) series is a good game to play, expecially with a bunch of mates when your bored. Some sound bugs but only when the game is loaded with entities. Which is normal. Would recommend this game to those who like strategy WW2 games."
76561198102571260,Recommended,244450,28876202,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,DazK93,"Such a good RTS game, has similarities to Company of Heroes in my opinion but also very different at the same time.This game requires a bit more micromanagement than CoH but getting kills and taking out tanks feels so much more rewarding.Combat feels very realistic with line of sight and cover playing a large part of winning or losing an engagement.Overall its a great game if your in to RTS games and i've seen it go for about 5 quid in the sale which is an absolute steal for this game."
76561197984903254,Recommended,244450,13961226,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,The Morningstar™,"Good strategy game. Lots of realism. Make sure your units got ammo. And just because you got a Tiger tank, you can lose it to a well hidden gun replacement with just one shot.This game is so intense and there is so much to be aware of, that this fells as if you were a commander of a real battle.I strongly recommend this game to WW2 and strategy fans.This game is by the way not a base building RTS. You deploy units with points you slowly generates. But as I said. It can be costly to buy a exspensive Tiger tank and loose it to a one shot AT gun. ;)"
,Not Recommended,244450,28798612,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Seraph,"I enjoyed some aspects of this game, but it's really hard to play it after being such a huge fan of Company of Heroes. The game lacks polish on so many levels.One big issue I have with the game is the direct control mode. It seems neat at first, but really it's just a way to force you into micromanaging everything your units do, which is a bit tedious in an RTS. Animations in this game are dreadful, and it's horribly obvious when doing certain things like moving in direct control or when your units are swimming.I do like that you can pick up weapons from dead enemies, the inventory system, the ability to change different types of ammunition, and the lack of base building. Reinforcements come from outside the map, which is pretty realistic. I was never a fan of the base building in CoH. Being able to tow certain heavy weapons such as the flak 88 is pretty neat too.I think this game could be a real contender for best WW2 RTS had the developer spent more time polishing the game up. As it stands I still prefer CoH."
76561198184676294,Recommended,244450,28808791,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Vape Nation,"This game is one of the best games I've personally ever played. It's a WWII strategy game, you play as a Major who has to help guide and direct his troops in a strategic way in order to achieve victory. You'll have to play the game in a  slow manner if you want to play right. It takes about 30-45 minutes playing one whole game, but in the end it is a very rewarding victory. There are however things that are not the best about it: the bugs and glitches. Random lag spikes, crashing, and models flipping out. Luckily there is an upside to the crashing, you may save in the middle of your game incase of anything like that happening. The controls took me a while to get, but once I got the hang of it, I was able to play properly. Many of the small aspects of the game are impressive. Like Veteracy, the higher the veteracy the better they perform in battle and many, many more. I fully recomend this game if you are intrested in strategy and WWII in general. Thank you for this amazing game."
,Recommended,244450,28768345,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,SupremeEmperorMittens,Dat look good!
76561198015993826,Recommended,244450,29053936,Posted: 5 January,all,cary29,Great Game. One of the few games with a campaign you can just play over and over again.
76561198016865766,Recommended,244450,29055358,Posted: 6 January,all,Colosus7,This game is a company of heros mod thats only purpose it to be moded. If you play this game without mods you might as wellpoint your♥♥♥♥♥to the sky and spew your own watered down sh*t all over yourself
76561198148402867,Recommended,244450,31951368,Posted: 25 May,all,retarded nilas,one of the best games i have ever played i hily rekomend
76561198022296391,Recommended,244450,19998174,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,MacAttack,"I think I've played this game before......yes.....yes....I did!  It was called Assault Squad 1....  :)   This is much like the first installment, and there are allot of improvements, graphics are a bit better, AI is about the same....but this is all about the MP, and where it shines the best....so if that's your reason to buy, you have plenty of new maps, and a few new units...."
,Recommended,244450,22128429,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Rogan,"You see Ivan, when have not enough tank, always use carcass of enemy tank as meatshield.10/10 woul witness T-34s plough through everything."
,Recommended,244450,32009453,Posted: 27 May,all,Pablo 帕布先生,"This game brings the full enjoyment of World War 2 Battles to life, Yes the DLC and the game is canget expensive, I personally feel the game is worth to buy. Theres also lots of mods you are able to install on the application. However this game has low lag for me and brings a lot of realism to the plate.If you're thinking of buying the game I reccomend it"
76561198213534169,Recommended,244450,32035106,Posted: 28 May,all,master pengin,good fun
,Recommended,244450,31785093,Posted: 16 May,all,Fuze,good game
76561198144740929,Recommended,244450,31857655,Posted: 20 May,all,D3EEBZ,bes game ever. Don't play with an hd 3470 gpu & 4 gb of ram.
76561198366271377,Recommended,244450,31833192,Posted: 18 May,all,jhonnynapalm13,it wont play
,Recommended,244450,12626804,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,BigLeagueGaming,This is an Awesome game. I would recomend it time and time again.
76561198277086199,Recommended,244450,31864791,Posted: 20 May,all,Vladimir Lenin,I shot a tank in the main gun and it didn't blow up like in COD... This game is Lenin Approved!!
,Recommended,244450,31814794,Posted: 17 May,all,♪♫~ チー ~♫♪,"Sits down for a while and makes a nice little battle to watch in editor.  Presses play and crashes.  I love it!But really, it's fun to watch when things go right"
76561198092287043,Recommended,244450,31810400,Posted: 17 May,all,G-String,"i really enjoy the game, the path tracking is kinda weird at times but overall really good. i also have a problem now where when i try to play the game and it goes from saying running, then syncing but then doesnt open  the game. but thats my main problem with it now overall very good game"
76561198084869661,Recommended,244450,31848666,Posted: 19 May,all,Schütze,The Saga of the Papelotes: Part II
76561198027714423,Recommended,244450,31896261,Posted: 21 May,all,boroboy-uk,very good game
,Recommended,244450,22313071,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Harry,good
,Recommended,244450,29812735,Posted: 9 February,all,Jimmeh,"MOWAS2 is a great stradegy game where you have to complete the objective (obviously). It is based around WW2 and with mods, it can be REALLY fun! There are vehicles, workshop items (like I said a second ago), a crazy amount of units, and the gem editor (which is my favorite part of the game to be honest)! The gem editor allows you to create your own battles! And you can just watch it if you want to. The mods even work in the editor! This is a great game and I definitely recommend!"
76561198189350273,Recommended,244450,29796621,Posted: 8 February,all,Playersean3,"One of the most ""realistic"" games out there the AI will be stupid at some points like not shooting an enemy 5 ft away from them but the missions and the workshop mods make this game very fun alone or with friends."
76561198070821698,Recommended,244450,24473068,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Ol' Dilly's Trouser Chili,"Amazingly perfect WW2 strategy game. Buy this game. I was thirsty for more tactical infantry combat after playing about 400+ combined hours on the Company of Heroes and Blitzkrieg franchises over the years. This game satisfies that and then some.Pros:-Solid campaigns imho. Yes, it is a cookie-cutter of AS1, but I jumped in the franchise at AS2 so I didn't mind.-Super detailed and modifiable unit inventories-variety of vehicle types across all factions (Sturmtiger is my favorite)-entrenching/cover system is very good-Artillery of all types is incredibly satisfying to use (especially direct hits)-Mods-cool vehicle damage system-destroy EVERYTHING-make infantry squads 1 or like 20 just by dragging boxes (I forget the cap)-satisfying unit request/purchase system (a lot of mods improve upon this)-Mods-multiplayer is fun, but has its quirks-Mods-the modding community is very alive and active-and also modsCons:-campaign is very close to AS1-sometimes my units will just die/vehicle disabled (I've experienced this through many updates with seemingly no round or shell hitting it)-Some mods are clunky-online is eh (but sometimes fun)-will keep you up super late because you are hookedOverall: buy this game. This is the World War 2 strategy game you have been looking for. You will not be disappointed.I've only logged a few hours though, so maybe it's too early to tell."
,Recommended,244450,29786059,Posted: 8 February,all,YourPalBlyat,I love controlling my nation during WW2. Gives me great joy and makes me feel even more powerful.Я люблю контролировать свою нацию во время WW2. Дает мне большую радость и заставляет меня чувствовать себя еще более мощным.
,Recommended,244450,31037884,Posted: 9 April,all,Viperanium,"its the second best game i have ever played, its graphics are nice and the realism is, well realistic. I really enjoy the game but i somehow broke it :("
76561198152394138,Recommended,244450,30131539,Posted: 23 February,all,jbcolclo,"5 stars, this is a great game"
76561198132893175,Not Recommended,244450,30127917,Posted: 23 February,all,JUKEBOX,is anyone else having problems trying to start the game up my game is encrypted or something every phrase is now some russian lettering and looks corrupt and unplayable ive loved this game so much and its sad that it no longer works for me
76561198104482036,Recommended,244450,30081384,Posted: 21 February,all,mattecaeser,this is my my favourite track repairing simulatorbut warthunder is a way better barrel repairing simulator
76561198166678216,Recommended,244450,30115111,Posted: 23 February,all,MrBubbles292,Need more single player missions to die in 10/10 gg
76561198029620911,Recommended,244450,30103153,Posted: 22 February,all,CaptainSalmon54,AWESOME!
,Recommended,244450,23797015,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Kyle_Vasilissa Zeta,"Ok Men Of War Assault Squad 2 is just the same as the original one (Men Of War) but with more content.Well Ik most of you guys dont really like the stupid dev putting AI (bots) in the DLC and not in the default game.True, most of us♥♥♥♥♥♥because of that . I like the game just because  of its  mechanism and gameplay.And I also hate that the Dev team try to make the game less fun for all of us as a consumer.We have the rights to play on how we want to play.They putting achivement restriction on the mods.I mean yes ofc it might has some cheats or somewhat but remember this Dev team.Without the mods (Not ur  DLC) ur already be packing back home if wasnt for the modders (Who makes Awesome map to try out everyday,GSM and many bloody more and they care about the game.I will say Yes since its my fav game"
76561198219928651,Recommended,244450,29987128,Posted: 17 February,all,theclaydino,"Pushing at Japanese positions on a hill?Can't get past them?Spawn ten thousand shermans and charge.Watch in horror as the crews climb out on fire.Spawn infantry, have them gunned down.Air strike the hill.Failed.10/10 would fail at killing Japanese again.Load into German defenseWatch Russian tanks charge into glorious German anti tank gunRussian infantry♥♥♥♥♥♥anti tank gunsAll of the men are dead10/10 would fail defending the fatherland"
76561198087738740,Recommended,244450,30108571,Posted: 22 February,all,SS Totenkopf,"amazing game , best of the MOW francise"
,Recommended,244450,31041513,Posted: 9 April,all,The Baldie,"This is the definitive WWII tactical experience.  It can be a little difficult to learn to control units, and the ai can sometimes be dumb as a brick wall, but this game is well worth those painful moments.A lot of people do rag on the game for it's similarities to the previous MoWAS, but having never played that myself, I can say this game stands up on its own.If you like RTS games and you like WWII and if you like a f*ck tonne of mods, then grab this gem."
76561198024274145,Recommended,244450,14377117,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Viking171986,"Update- since the patches have stopped coming so often I can actually enjoy the mods available.I just got done playing blitzkrieg 3 and it opened my eyes to how blessed we all are that this game is around. Stay away from clash of clans I mean blitzkrieg 3 if you don't want to punch your monitor.2/10 Since ""DLC"" iron fist release. World of tanks cough I'm sorry I mean MOWAS2 is no longer playable.  Save your money people buy the game by all means but do not I repeat do not give these clowns any more money. Save your 10$ and get something you like to drink and enjoy the mods available to the game.10/10 Without Iron fist. The reason why I have rated this twice is because before the devs started main lining acid this was leaps and bounds the best World war 2 RTS I've ever seen. Graphics are awesome the mod community fantastic and the realism ( Strategy and logistics) were the best I've seen. This ""was not"" a COH clone. Tanks running out of gas as you're fighting off hordes of japs or defending the motherland againts blitzkrieg it was simply breathtaking. The power I felt as I shot an HE round from a tiger tank into a building and watching the defends disappear ughh where is that game that I started playing?I have purchased and played every product this company has made and it makes me sad that the route it's going is the same one that soo many failed games has followed. Put down the pipe devs learn from some of the modders out there and you can make this franchise into something epic."
76561198113053873,Recommended,244450,21288330,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Lorenzo,Solid game. It is not amazing and is held back by alot. It is not very well optimized and the campaign is terrible but the online is fun and also the mods for this game are fantastic and more than make up for the♥♥♥♥♥♥campaign. you can use mods for both multiplayer and singleplayer. It is not much of an improvement from assult squad 1 but it is still fun and if you like men of war or strategy games then I do subjest you get this game.
76561198025997546,Recommended,244450,32549048,Posted: 18 June,all,LeBlancealot,There are only two reasons to buy this game. The editor and mods. I have all of the men of war games. I have not completed the first mission but I have 132 hours in the editor because it is so fun to create epic battles with a decent AI and a good squad based cover system and inventory management. This game is my game between games. Buy the collection when it's on sale. If you want to see some mod content go watch diplexheated on YouTube he is the best men of war YouTuber. This series is one of my favorites of all time.
,Recommended,244450,32566314,Posted: 19 June,all,๖Eximious,The best game of WWII i ever saw. Deep realistic. Hundreds Mods make it better.
76561198092526960,Recommended,244450,32785436,Posted: 25 June,all,Major,Is great me luv it. It make gooooood time. play for endless enjoy ment.
76561198078356305,Recommended,244450,32762976,Posted: 25 June,all,Ztip,Absolutely buy this game if you like war games and micro management then buy it
76561198152091985,Recommended,244450,32780783,Posted: 25 June,all,Mr karabz,very fun and time consuming
76561198145743259,Recommended,244450,15818915,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Steak Salad,"Here is 3 reasons why to buy this game:~(1/3) Multiplayer and modding community still active~(2/3) Editor is tied for easiest to use with the arma 3 eden editor. Ive made many an epic battle and spent over 500 hours in it so far~(3/3) Ive downloaded over 500 gigs of mods for this game. That should be enough to tell you that the mods are good.~(4/3 (For the summer sale)) It's exptremely cheap right now, and it is always refundable. Play with a friend for the best experience!It is also not uncommon to see it on sale, so if you want to watch one of the thousands of videos on this game, feel free to."
,Recommended,244450,20593059,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Firstguy1,Awesome
,Recommended,244450,32823450,Posted: 26 June,all,Buleon,"men of war, more like kill the poor"
76561198039939102,Recommended,244450,32827175,Posted: 26 June,all,gav THE killa,My friend Adam is obsessed with this game. It's fun but takes way long.
76561198093588510,Recommended,244450,32790130,Posted: 25 June,all,king,grate game with a chalanging campain even of easy mode but still a great game
76561197988214379,Recommended,244450,32842142,Posted: 26 June,all,abuman44,Im stuck on this game! It feels like an rts control style meets rpg controls style. i like how you can micromanage the loadout on each soldier or zoom out and play like a regular rts. the dlc have maps where u play 3rd person in a tank with wsad controls. Details in the world are pretty cool with buildings falling apart and a pretty accurate line of sight .Downside is the AI. sometimes they dont listen and do some stupid stuff like low crawl for 4 blocks.. but fun none the less. even better if you get it on bargain :D
76561198275168509,Recommended,244450,24413003,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,meowinghat,I've played this game for a good amount of time now and with further updates to the game fixing many of my issues with the game I can say this game is a solid purchase but would recommend you get the game on sale.
76561198318026055,Recommended,244450,32553777,Posted: 18 June,all,lydia.despina.clair,"I purchased this game, but I am unable to even turn it on.  Therefore I will have to request a refund, unless Steam can provide me with instructions and care in being able to get it to open on my end and to be able to play it.  I really want this game, but only if I can actually play it.  Can anyone help me with this request?"
,Recommended,244450,32606680,Posted: 20 June,all,Skeletor,neat
,Recommended,244450,32036197,Posted: 28 May,all,Carbon Tuna,"idk how i can write a review on this game since i dont even have it lol it's good tho(i just bought it during the summer sale, pretty gud game)"
76561198057642984,Recommended,244450,32916338,Posted: 27 June,all,Cref,good game
,Recommended,244450,32966814,Posted: 28 June,all,valions,"Great imprpvements on the AI. Play with difficult AI who constantly trying to outflank you. This here is the strategist simulator. WW2 in a nutshell, this game captures the horrors of te commanding officers back then. Great game."
76561198272671384,Recommended,244450,32975667,Posted: 28 June,all,DrunkDeLeon,"Hmmm what to say.... Overall, this is a great game, best RTS ive played. There is a great group of Modders, and some mods that have been around and are still going, like Robz or Red Rising. The modding community is the best ive seen in a game, but there are some cons to this game. the vehicle pathfinding is a little wierd, but as i said, there is a massive modding community, so someone probably fixed it already."
76561198123926010,Recommended,244450,32986159,Posted: 29 June,all,magic wand,So Excited <3
,Recommended,244450,32980382,Posted: 29 June,all,deathwalker-uk,"It is just awesome, I have played for hours"
76561198171286550,Recommended,244450,29102684,Posted: 7 January,all,BadBran2246,Does anyone else know how to fix my MOWAS because i get to the loading screen and once there ust never loads up there are no number for loading progress
76561198335218362,Recommended,244450,28724521,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,jaegerbombwot,i ts really goodplus its historically acurateand it has armor anglingget it
,Recommended,244450,29015009,Posted: 4 January,all,✪ Melon,Best strategic WW2 game !
,Recommended,244450,28894293,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Matt609pbone,"This is one of the most intense World War Two RTS ever. It is a true gem, and speaking of gems...The GEM editor is no gem, but you can have some fun♥♥♥♥♥♥in it. The base game is a lot of fun, but what should really sell you is the mods. There are a plethora of realism mods, modern day mods, and even Star Wars mods. Pick this game up, it is honestly an amazing purchase.Note: It goes on sale for really cheap too, pick it up for under $10 USD easily."
76561198098986219,Recommended,244450,28892134,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Lucidity,Yea i have alot of hours on this game and its fun as all hell and i havent even really begin to do much on the multiplayer aspect. Things like the editor or the moding community really make this game great adding different settings and variety making for a very entertaining singleplayer vs Ai and mulsiplayer experience. AI can be alittle wonky tho but yeno you get used to it eventually.
76561198035654347,Recommended,244450,28999228,Posted: 3 January,all,Ace of Shades,">> Good solo and coop.>> Amazing Tactical RTS.>> Realism in most aspects.BUT:>> Mortars lack smoke.>> Smoke is not effective.>> Morphine (reviving mechanism) itself and its manual management is an issue.>> AI requires the player to take manual control to solve issues far too many times in the match, sometimes of multiple units.If you are not into PvP, is fan of WW2 history and likes tactics, this is a very strong recommendation."
,Recommended,244450,29039624,Posted: 5 January,all,Fqllen0ut,A little better then the first one
76561197991233031,Recommended,244450,29039975,Posted: 5 January,all,mikespiderhead,great game if you havent tried it yet it is well worth a go. and if you could build a base  or some structure  or camp would be even better. again great game could not be without it :)
76561198015158973,Recommended,244450,29156489,Posted: 9 January,all,ash.error,Awesome
76561198273209707,Recommended,244450,30988498,Posted: 6 April,all,Matirenegade,I love this game it's awesome and realistic I just hope they make a mod or something where I can get a streetview of the battle like in Company of heroes. The Mods are awesome and I highly recommend it for anyone who likes big battles and likes to be the leader. You can also control one soldier so it's ARMA at a bigger and more strategic scale
76561198315056393,Recommended,244450,28317094,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,"The Fegelgod, Master of Antics",I can't play this anymore! Please help! Its a good game but it just suddenly stopped working.
76561198141043657,Recommended,244450,28129903,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Nibelungen,"If you wanna play a realistic WW2 strategy game, dont miss it."
76561198182467714,Recommended,244450,28129004,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Sarboard,can i play this whit mac?
,Recommended,244450,28029500,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,sgt.t.keebs,so far its a verry great game ive spent hours modding and the campain skermish mode is a good way to prepare you for multiplayer. my only complaint is the bot's that you can play with in multiplayer you need to buy in a dlc
,Recommended,244450,28028484,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,AshDOG,This game ends up taking a lot of time to learn. But once you learn it's amazing the detail and depth.
,Recommended,244450,28027553,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,laxspartan007,Played a D-Day mod as the germans with a friend on hard. Better Hitlers than Hitler.
76561198163247745,Recommended,244450,28081179,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,CommanderZondar,Really really fun. Its a good WW2 game. need a good pc to run editor though
76561198076613811,Recommended,244450,28163039,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Friedrich Jeckeln,good game
76561198319120026,Recommended,244450,28159247,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Shekel master,nice
,Recommended,244450,30971218,Posted: 5 April,all,=DRK= SnipingNation,I love the game I love playing with all my friends but now I cant play with them because the game crashes constantly I have reinstalled the game backed up the game files even verifyed the integrety of the files and it crashed what do I need to do to fix this?
,Recommended,244450,25978044,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,enigmatic,"Amazing game, you can even get melee kills ;)The Depth too this game is near impossible to rival, every soldier and vehicle has an inventory.You can Steal enemy STG - 44. Arm your Conscripts with helmets too keep them safe.Tank combat is fantastic, and crew inside have dynamic elements that always make very refreshing engagments. Grenades and direct control of your soldiers adds a bit of immersion and gaming elements that may challenge new players but give experienced players the edge.Flame throwers can be dangorous but if you employ them right only for your enemy!Snipers take some time but can be as just as important as a vehicle for the success of battle.Cover and maps some of best I've seen in RTS,Amazing game very stable and can be a fantastic community playing with vibrant modding."
76561198042925881,Recommended,244450,28196357,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Husky117,"used to play this alot during highschool mainly the editor, 10/10 would play for days at a time again"
,Recommended,244450,28197639,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Erwin Rommel Himself,Very suspicious.
,Recommended,244450,28031926,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,E- la -in,"Highly recommended if you like WW2 style with lots of micromanagement.Detailed units with lots of different infantry, tanks, artillery etc. All units have their own inventory and all vehicles can break down in multiple ways (and can be fixed)."
76561198285265622,Recommended,244450,30341971,Posted: 5 March,all,Antonovmikhail0,Its really laggy'
,Recommended,244450,30346329,Posted: 5 March,all,[Eran] Farbod,Almost PerfectJust i didn't like its offline part it doesn't have enough Variety in mission.
76561198233445388,Recommended,244450,30267831,Posted: 1 March,all,Gunnzo91,"men of war assult squad 2 is an amazing game and i love to play it, the only problem is that this game works for a while, but now every time i try to start it up it gives me and error and closes the game and i cant do anything about. if anyone has an idea for it to work message thanks."
,Recommended,244450,22389497,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Speedy Gonzales,good game
76561198202614065,Recommended,244450,31228739,Posted: 18 April,all,ExplodingDynamite,"Alright I'll just put it this way.This game is damn good and your experience can be expanded if you add mods such asRed Rising { A Modern Mod }Galaxy At War { Can you guess? Star Wars Mod}and these are just examples.Since I'm lazy to write a good reply, I'll put the pros and consProsHas a fairly balanced community, and active modsGreat gameplay, amazing detailConsHas alot of whiners"
,Recommended,244450,31232171,Posted: 18 April,all,Volks63,Worth the planning of tactics in a well made game
76561198156781045,Recommended,244450,24329410,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Tantti,This Game was my favorite game onse i never could fix my game because i never get respond to my messages if somebody could help i still wait the message today...:(
76561198305293849,Recommended,244450,31248472,Posted: 19 April,all,mckwm01,This game will challenge you!!!
76561198298359596,Recommended,244450,31334721,Posted: 24 April,all,hiphop14110,Im in love with everything in this game.
76561198128035390,Recommended,244450,31284473,Posted: 21 April,all,Vitosa - Rex,"it's men of war. buy it!but seriously this game is amazing and very dense with the damage system.lemme tell you a small story- getting bored- hop on mowas2 mp- get kicked from one lobby from crappy laptop performance- join another lobby- surprise! i didn't get kicked this time(thanks)- start up assault zones-btw it's a 3v3- spawn in a couple of brits and AT inf- get mowed down by light armor- keep on spawning in more brits- keep on getting mowed down- ok. time for some heavy things(if you get what i mean :)- get heavy armor destroyed by enemy krauts- we basically lose the battle, but i keep on fighting- have the enemy spawn kill you- no way out, what the hell do i do!- keep on spawning more men for 30 minutes long- got bored and left the game-RIPWARNING! DON'T GET MOWED DOWN AND SAVE YOUR MEN!"
76561198382387613,Recommended,244450,31382237,Posted: 26 April,all,Woof,ammazing.... still learning the editor though.
76561198110111594,Recommended,244450,25348100,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,CoreB,Blitzkrieg simulator
,Recommended,244450,31217480,Posted: 18 April,all,Super_Spy_In_Space@░^░_░^,htis is a good game but my texture i getting realy weried
76561198169888913,Not Recommended,244450,26759887,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,CraZyShEePS99@SuperiorServers.co,I liked it at first but then it wouldn't launchhere is a link to the support pagehttp://store.steampowered.com/recommended/recommendgame/244450( PS I tried everything)
76561198078796524,Recommended,244450,31266499,Posted: 20 April,all,Elandir04,"Its fun , the explosions of the vehicles are awesome and really dangerous at some points yet an incredible game i have fun using every faction on the game."
76561198085464257,Recommended,244450,31405047,Posted: 27 April,all,∫ (Dharok) dx,"Having put more than one or two hours into this game, I think it is about time that I write a review for this game.Men of War: Assault Squad 2 is one of the best WW2 RTS games that I have played, and in my opinion, it is much better than its competitor, Company of Heroes, in many ways (*cough* no shooting through hills *cough*).PROS+Decent AI. I found that the AI in this game, while not the best, definitely puts up a good challenge. Infantry controlled by AI seek cover and can sometimes be difficult to root out of a defensive position, and while micromanaging can give you the upper hand, player controlled infantry will automatically duck behind cover and heal when necessary. While tanks are generally a bit more janky when controlled by the AI, they still tend to get the job done.+Realism. While not the most realistic game ever made, Men of War: Assault Squad 2 can be much more realistic than other games at times, especially with mods such as RobZ's Realism Mod. Infantry out in the open don't last long, as a few rounds is all it takes to drop somebody, and the armored combat isn't based off a cheesy hitpoints system; rather, armored vehicles either deflect incoming projectiles, or they penetrate the armor and damage any crew members or parts of the tank that may be behind.+Intuitive Editor. Many editor programs for games can be very confusing and difficult to use, but the GEM Editor for the Men of War series is by far one of the easiest I have used. There is a learning curve to it as always, and scripting missions can be a bit harder, but making maps almost can't be any easier, and it is especially fun to make small scenarios and edit it in real time, as missions can be started and played in the editor.+Mods. I have to admit that many of the official missions aren't the greatest, and it is largely a port from Men of War: Assault Squad 1 (More on that later). However, the amount of different mods and missions on the workshop make up for this. There are excellent missions on the editor along with complete game overhauls and added content that helps mix things up and keeps the game interesting.+Graphics. Men of War: Assault Squad 2 has decent graphics, and are well optimized as well. Several textures look very pixelated and smudgy, unfortunately, but the vast majority look relatively good.+Inventory System. Each unit in Assault Squad 2 has their own inventory, allowing you to adapt to an evolving battlefield or plunder the enemy for ammunition and supplies. For people who are less fond of micromanaging, supply trucks and boxes will automatically distribute ammunition and bandages to infantry and vehicles, in some cases, within a given radius. However, those who are willing to put more time into their units find that they can scavenge for grenades, ammunition, and tools to build fortifications, as well as abandon their weapon for a more exotic enemy weapon. Rifleman with an M2HB machinegun? Check. Mount an MG42 on an American halftrack? Check. Send a suicide bomber into enemy lines armed with nothing but dynamite? Check.+Direct Control System. If you are always furious at AI doing stupid things that generally get themselves and others killed, then a direct control system may be of benefit. In Assault Squad 2, you can take direct control of any unit, able to move and shoot yourself, but in a top down perspective. This is extremely useful when you need something to target a specific enemy, or need a unit to be more precise in its movements and engagements.CONS-Men of War: Assault Squad 1 Re-make. Apart from being a little shinier than its predecessor with a few extra campaign missions tacked on, Assault Squad 2 is largely a paid update, and a major kick in the teeth for those who owned Assault Squad 1, whose multiplayer no longer works. If you didn't own any of the original games, this doesn't affect you, but it was very frustrating nonetheless for those who supported the series earlier on.-DLC. Every game has DLC these days, but the DLC for Assault Squad 2 is both appalling and overpriced. The Iron Fist DLC adds some extra missions for a whopping $10, and the Airborne DLC does the same thing, while also locking the use of AI in multiplayer behind a paywall. The Deluxe Upgrade, coming in at $7, is more geared towards supporting the developers, though it doesn't offer many benefits at all, giving a free achievement and a small XP boost that doesn't really matter.-Physics. Physics engines are hard to get right, but the physics in Assault Squad 2 is downright bad at times. Some objects like small rocks can stop tanks dead in their tracks, even if they have momentum and should realistically be able to go over it. As for light vehicles like jeeps and motorcycles, expect them to flip over frequently, like when you accidentally nudge a wall and your jeep slowly tips backwards and over before exploding.Men of War: Assault Squad 2 has its downsides, but overall, it is an excellent real time strategy game that combines many unique elements to form a game that stands out from others.Final verdict, 7/10"
76561198196564499,Recommended,244450,29329345,Posted: 17 January,all,generic person off the street,multiplaya is glitchy and garbageget either red rising for modern or robz mods for editorlearn how to use editorhave a nice dayserbian strog
,Recommended,244450,25203590,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,✪Rekt!,Good game
76561198263738540,Recommended,244450,24523294,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,***General Nino***,Every WW2 fan's wet dream. :)
,Recommended,244450,31512888,Posted: 2 May,all,emt,is good
,Recommended,244450,29128712,Posted: 8 January,all,big bamboozlement man,"Cautious reccomendation.This game just lacks the spit and polish to make it great. There are the solid foundations of a good game here, but it's let down by a unintuitive UI and your units' bad, helpless AI. All the foundations are there, but the game is very often too frustrating to play.As an example, you very often give one of your units - Usually this happens to tanks, cannons, and other long ranged units - The order to shoot at a certain area, because you know there are enemies there. Your unit will then aim it's at the place, and then just not fire. The reason is that there's some obstacle, usually a small hill that you didn't notice, between it and the target. This is not indiciated to you in any way - If you tell a unit to fire at a spot it can't hit, it will just stupidly aim it's gun at the spot and then not shoot.The UI is clunky, and it's very hard to manage more than a couple of infantry squads and a tank. Late in the game, managing all your stuff becomes a huge chore. Half your guys are out of ammo, half your squads are depleted and you need to merge them, your tank over there has lost it's tracks and needs repairing, and all these things take multiple clicks and lots of manual orders from you to resolve.There's also a severe lack of missions - Only a handful of missions for each nation, most of them the same across the nations but wrapped in new terrain.So - In spite of all this, there are the foundations of a genuinely good game here. Buy this if it's on sale or if you just really like WW2."
76561198083401691,Recommended,244450,29863563,Posted: 11 February,all,K to K,"A Great RTS Game of these years .Because its damage determinded by which part of a unit is hit ,not just by overall hitpoint , make it simulates the battle as real as possible.In the future , I will like to see the developers improve it in-game AI and the Editor mode.Especially the  Editor mode , it allows the creative player to  creat excellent mission, thoughit still has some functions are unable to be operated."
76561198210061289,Recommended,244450,29857329,Posted: 11 February,all,Saloga,AMAZING GAME
76561197963657733,Recommended,244450,29909502,Posted: 13 February,all,greywulf99,Great game on tactical WWII combat on both a squad and individual level. Complex yet easy to play with and great graphics.Tons of support from some really talented modders. This game is a great addition to anyone's WWII wargame collection. Totally worth it.
,Recommended,244450,29934520,Posted: 14 February,all,C-215 | Calloway W.,"Perfect simulater for WW2, If you use everything right, it is fun, and you will lose track of time.The editor is inbelievable, and mods have improved the game even further, Total Amazing game overall."
76561197968153278,Recommended,244450,29966078,Posted: 16 February,all,CmeNot,"Highly recommended for anyone into RTS games. It has strong replayability and is solid in graphics, camera control, and game content."
76561198088052667,Recommended,244450,29971479,Posted: 16 February,all,LEGION,amazing fun with friends!
76561198293034086,Recommended,244450,31031397,Posted: 8 April,all,enthusiasticnino,"A fantastic WW2 strategy game. The highly detailed combat experience is very unique: looting wreckage and enemy supplies, refueling tanks, picking up your favorite weapons dropped on the battlefield, putting each individual soldier behind proper cover to maximize their usefulness, or, more interestingly, penetrate enemy tank by firing an AP through wall...However, I think more could be done to make it more epic:1. Add more faction-specific music. In the whole gameplay, there is just one or two BGMs. The BGMs are not bad though, but makes the atmosphere slightly plain.2. Add some historical intro content to each battle. Like operation battle Axe, battle of Kursk... If the designers could add a 20 to 40 seconds movie clip introducing the historical background before the game loads, it could be very educational and elevate the immersion to a higher level."
76561198103515719,Recommended,244450,29839865,Posted: 10 February,all,HattmanHendrix,This game is litarly MoW AS with an editorGranted it is a KiK♥♥♥♥♥editor though
76561198059367777,Recommended,244450,29721170,Posted: 5 February,all,Riisinviljelijä,Very good game. One of my favorite games I ever have played. Graphics are good. Threre so many fun mods and lots of modded mission. Test mode is fantastic. Editor is very simple to use. 5/5
76561198171066602,Recommended,244450,29876014,Posted: 12 February,all,sjwatkin,what a fun game to play so much fun and the mod are fun to
76561198254681730,Recommended,244450,30009230,Posted: 18 February,all,diachinated,8 out of 8 great mate
76561198078133935,Recommended,244450,29300749,Posted: 16 January,all,oobadachy,"Men of War Assault Squad 2 is a great game just like all the men of war games. The greatest thing about it is the realism ( running out of ammo , destroying tanks by destroying hull or engine not by slowly takeing out its health , infantry can be killed with one shot like in real life and you cant just spam tanks and rush the enemy trust me my freinds have tried it several times and I do have over 330hrs in this game. It is also very historicaly accurate( somecountries had better tranined soldiers such as germany and in the game their troops are more expensive but are more acurate can run faster ect , vehicles and weapons are all from WW2). Ive played a lot of strategy such as command and counquer , company of heroes , endwar , world in conflict , napoleon total war and of all of them men of war is the best because it requires more strategy than just attacking and defending."
76561198098422478,Recommended,244450,17392559,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Erwin Rommel,"This game is awsome,just get it m8(btw dont play multiplayer at the start,thay will kick your♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198149562205,Recommended,244450,29364280,Posted: 19 January,all,The Real Saucy Egg McMuffin,"Easily one of the best strategy games out on the market right now and definetly the best strategy game for the kind of gameplay it encourages.  The level of detail on the units, the sounds, and the game mechanics combine to from this awesome game that will easily keep you hooked for several hours at a time.  While the multiplayer learning curve is a little steep, its much better once you get the hang of the mechanics and primary strategies.  And that's not to mention the countless mods on the Steam Workshop as well as modding sites like ModDB.  Whatever kind of strategy you're into, MoW: Assault Squad 2 will leave a lasting impression."
76561198035904793,Recommended,244450,29474614,Posted: 24 January,all,afiftheman,i cant oppen the game is there any way to fix this ?
,Recommended,244450,29435410,Posted: 22 January,all,mattnfla,"I canot get the mini map to come up during game play. Also, My list of vehicles and infantry inventory on the lefthand side isn't showing up. It did before I switched computers. Can anyone help plz!"
76561198144559368,Recommended,244450,29515945,Posted: 26 January,all,DawnsDK,"My computer was barely able to take too much of this game, but from what i played it ran fine. I would only have to complain about the controls, how it is difficult to scroll around the map. Otherwise, i beleive the game was creative and fun to play.My computer has an i3 processor and 4GB of Ram, my graphics card is low as well.Despite this, my game ran on medium with some framerate issues. I would have to reccomend this game, because my experience was very situational, but i have mixed feelings on this gamePlease fix the multiplayer."
76561198298970351,Recommended,244450,29820732,Posted: 10 February,all,Dank Axe,this is great game
76561198091158674,Recommended,244450,29641840,Posted: 1 February,all,jackhaze84,The game is not working and i do not know why? it keep sying program will be terminated and exception and unable to create the swap chain. dose any one know how to fix this?
76561197993511015,Recommended,244450,20897064,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,oso,Solid RTS with some flaws which you can tolerate if you're really into the WW2 genre. We played CoH in MP for a long time until we tried out MoW:AS2 and then finally switched to it because its much more detailed and realistic. For large scaled WW2 battles with demanding micro management there is currently no other game that offers nearly an comparable experience.There are also a lot of high quality mods that enhance the gameplay quite well and improve some of its flaws.
,Recommended,244450,29977525,Posted: 16 February,all,Pablo,Awesome RTS. Buy this game!!
76561198170095223,Recommended,244450,29985887,Posted: 17 February,all,The Sneaky Gamer,Always a favorite of mine. 1C is a great company and has always made great games *cough* besides call to arms *cough* Men of War AS2 has a friendly community along with expansive mods which add hours of content! The Campagins arent great yet the mod campaigns are! I would rate this a 8.5/10
76561198328719814,Recommended,244450,29831202,Posted: 10 February,all,ZombieSalmon,"I've played many RTS video games over the years and this game is high on my list of favorites. If you are looking for a classic base building RTS (like Starcraft), this isn't what you are looking for. If you are looking for a fast paced, tactical unit based RTS then this is exactly what you are looking for. It is also one of the most realisitc World War 2 strategy games I've ever seen. It's in a similar vein to Company of Heroes, if you have played that before. You troops run out of ammo, can be revived by medics and can take cover or hide behind almost anything. Vehicles can run out of fuel/ammo, have specific parts that can be damaged and has different strengths and weaknesses. You can also take direct control of individual units if that is what you like to do. I highly recommend this game. The single player is extensive and will last you a long time, and the multiplayer is an absolute blast to play."
76561198012965253,Recommended,244450,29626118,Posted: 1 February,all,Jòòm,"honestly i love the game, people complain about things like bugs, poor ai etc etc. i have not experienced any of these issues. it's never crashed or bugged out. leads me to believe theres nothing wrong with the game at all. recommended for anyone who enjoys a realistic and accurate WW2 RTS"
,Recommended,244450,29634561,Posted: 1 February,all,BEEDADOME,Needs self flying planes cause think epic missions with planes epic battlesOther than that it's great
,Recommended,244450,29605278,Posted: 31 January,all,Nineball,"Fun Missions, Realistic Tank Mechanics, good mods and a powerful mission editor.It's more of a military sandbox than a strategy game tbh."
76561198016875362,Recommended,244450,30179958,Posted: 25 February,all,Bic,"I love the game, it lets you be the creator of many of your War fantasies. The graphics of course are not the best. But what it dosnt have in that department, the sheer mass of what you can do is magnificent."
,Recommended,244450,31185942,Posted: 16 April,all,getrektbynoobs44,M dlc wont work
,Recommended,244450,30147150,Posted: 24 February,all,☆ Red ♥,"BoomBoomToTheMotherLandno but seriously, get this game. It's the most addicting RTS game you'll get. Once you get to know the editor, you start making maps and can't stop.Worth 30$ whole.A definite YES!"
76561198239966190,Recommended,244450,26106032,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,danielmichels777,"There is NO better TACTICAL game. Get it, download the ""A World at War"" mod, that fix balances issues and adds lots of units based in its actual usage in the War. There are few bugs, don't remember any remarkable. Good graphics. Campaign simulates matches against the A.I., Ignore the voice acting."
,Recommended,244450,30047083,Posted: 19 February,all,AnAsianPanda,RTS - YesAwesome battles - YesEditor - YesDecent controls and Ui - YesFun - YesSupports mods - YesThe game lives because of mods - YesRating: 8.5/10 I hope they make another men of war
76561198110934995,Recommended,244450,26955614,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Enos,Dank memes
76561198007964272,Recommended,244450,26525605,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Scunion,Love
76561198102107698,Recommended,244450,30271435,Posted: 1 March,all,KittyGirl92,this game is great but ive got a error code that cant be fixed so i can never really play it any more weve look evry where on the internet but nothing worked im really dissapointed on that but the rest its fun i just wish thire was a skirmish with AI on thire so you can practic and not be a noob like i am on multiyplayer so i never play it but ya try it out worth the mony lol but if you dont like straigy games then first WHY!? second then dont get it its all stradidgy so try it out and if any one figgers out how to fix any of the error codes pls tell me ive tryed uninstalling and reinstalling it just dosent work so ya i recomend this game =)
76561198142694561,Recommended,244450,30261658,Posted: 1 March,all,Kirk Wahmett,11/10 went deaf
76561198095743346,Recommended,244450,30269650,Posted: 1 March,all,Gebirgsjäger CollectSkins.com,Great with Robz mod
,Recommended,244450,30244920,Posted: 28 February,all,WorstNightmare,I really love this game with all its mods and the gameplay is awesome.
76561198164252837,Recommended,244450,31143531,Posted: 14 April,all,General_Tuhjani,"This game is magnificent! It should be on louvre of games. Strategies, maps, units, eveything. Every detail matters. And with few mods it's like heaven. And it's even more fun in multiplayer with unlimited resources. There are (as allways) few drawbacks. But you know, nothing isn't perfect. Level under perfect is called magnificent. And it's what that game is.This game gets 8,5/10"
76561198051885681,Recommended,244450,31146629,Posted: 14 April,all,Not Tommy,Good
,Recommended,244450,26306505,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,✪  WASWAS | youtube.com,"This game is FANTASTICPros:Active staff patching and listening to usersAmazing community at map making and modsVery fun with friendsIdea of a casualties taken after the battle, makes it seem more, war-ish in a senseMap EditorVery fun when no friends or no people online to play with youCons:Sometimes units would bug out on an MG in a corner and just be stuckOnce finished installing a mod, takes ages to load upNothing really, amazing game"
76561198019371220,Recommended,244450,27463149,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Beta,"Very accurate simulation of war, including the known fact that blowing up more than 5-7 dynamites at once will crash the universe.."
76561197977430765,Recommended,244450,31166199,Posted: 15 April,all,X1Alpha2,"The whole men of war/faces of war series is a lot of fun. This installation just has thew most activity in multiplayer (16.04.2017). If you want to play multiplayer AS2 is the best one, if you just want singleplayer or play with your friends trough the coop missions the older ones are better for you."
76561198160857518,Recommended,244450,31138661,Posted: 14 April,all,dormank83,i love the game but my game is bugged and it keeps saying error when i try to get on the game
76561198027376174,Recommended,244450,31155957,Posted: 15 April,all,Flying Elephant,"Incredibly fun and as realistic as you can get without going over the top. Single player is definatly reccomended. Its just a shame that this gmae is in performance and graphical improvment of the last, as the maps are very similar.BUT thats ok, because the game is still great and alot of fun"
76561198097619363,Recommended,244450,30377668,Posted: 7 March,all,maradika,"Best WW2 RTS game you can get, better than Company of Heroes series."
76561198153787772,Recommended,244450,31588807,Posted: 6 May,all,KC,mantap djiwa mantap soul
76561198301377333,Recommended,244450,31586853,Posted: 6 May,all,Top Bun,good game
,Recommended,244450,32212158,Posted: 5 June,all,_< blank >_,very nice
76561198310609003,Recommended,244450,32225194,Posted: 6 June,all,Spartan118,I LOOOOOOOOOVE this game. I think it's great for anyone who has time to spare. Personally i think the missions aren't THAT good but the mods and edtor more than make up for it.
76561198275550137,Recommended,244450,32284307,Posted: 8 June,all,Gay Cowboy,This game has some amazing tanks....The IS-2 can make men disapear.Shooting them (at any range with AP or APCR or just anything) will cause them to disintegrate and drop everything on them.Real.
76561198317284842,Recommended,244450,32277391,Posted: 8 June,all,bnbpeters,it is a game of many choices with all of the major factions of ww2
,Recommended,244450,32274780,Posted: 8 June,all,the_bad_editor,"This is a really great game, one of the best third person strategy games i've seen, however, one problem with this game, is the fact this is one of those games wich you need to download mods for it, because the stock game itself is... lacking. however, once again, to anyone looking for a good strategy game, i would definetley recommend this one. good job devs"
,Recommended,244450,32290491,Posted: 9 June,all,Cheese Curls,"An Exceptional Balance of RTS with RPG elements. in-depth, though at times repetitive(if you are playing Vanilla). Gameplay is very engaging and expertly balanced in difficulty. the game has a vibrant modding community and easy to use modding/mapping tools. overall I can't recommend this game enough if your looking for a quality RTS to sink your free-time in."
76561198154507833,Recommended,244450,32342058,Posted: 11 June,all,lizardini,it is the bets game ever 12/5
76561198211647903,Recommended,244450,31028202,Posted: 8 April,all,TomatoStarch,Taught me that 10 bazookas cannot take out a Tiger but a 2 AT grenades can.10/10 for realism
76561198283859573,Recommended,244450,32327524,Posted: 10 June,all,NiKo The Bear,gewd
76561198346229754,Recommended,244450,32302375,Posted: 9 June,all,MCPeanutButter,This game is awesome!The only issue I found with it was that it stole my life from me.
,Recommended,244450,32335096,Posted: 10 June,all,Sir Kitty .Jr,"Possibly one of the greatest World War 2 games ever! Very detailed and historical with the tank models, and troop models.Each unit is custom made so you don't have to deal with any of the same person. (EX: The United States Marines wear different uniforms, and paratroopers have camo net helmets.)Along with this great ones with aHUGEamount of workshop content. Also it is easy to run.This game is worth the money. 10/10"
76561198113811085,Recommended,244450,32368285,Posted: 12 June,all,d4rk_titan,"Editor glitched, and keys don't respond. No mods enabled. Standard game is brilliant, but the editor has worked before. Can anyone help?"
76561198115088593,Recommended,244450,27603156,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,༺✠ ϟϟ jmaesß ϟϟ ✠༻,"""DON'T BUY! Do. Not. Buy. It's broken, when you go to launch it says its launching, but it doesn't. Period. So many people are having this problem and no one has a fix for it and so far the devs had paid NO ATTENTION TO IT.Don't Buy.""EDIT:They fixed it! I can play multiplayer! Its ♥♥♥♥ing great!DO BUYDO BUYDO BUY"
76561198087287765,Recommended,244450,32215471,Posted: 6 June,all,weety,Exellent work from gamemakers.Several hours behind.Many stresfulls still ahead.10/10!
76561198094649193,Recommended,244450,32241081,Posted: 7 June,all,✪jamesxfails✪,this gem here is worth buying with all dlc as it becomes better than world of tanks and call of duty nothings better than taking control of a m1A2 and blasting the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of your enemys of the field very very good gameplay
76561198009826370,Recommended,244450,32229599,Posted: 6 June,all,ekaylor,Awesome! 100% recomend. Only issue is AI.
76561198059393230,Recommended,244450,32228085,Posted: 6 June,all,bakmjn,VERY GOOOD
,Recommended,244450,32229401,Posted: 6 June,all,Fb||xthugsxxkiller,best graphics for a 2009 game :D
76561198079395195,Recommended,244450,32956801,Posted: 28 June,all,JuuB,nice
76561198231301372,Recommended,244450,32995421,Posted: 29 June,all,SCULA BOB.,Epic game <3
,Recommended,244450,24687453,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Nwood,One of the best modding tools I've ever used. Great ww2 tactical action and thousands of awesome mods. Def pick this up at it's sale price. It's a steal this cheap and it's really worth every dollar
,Recommended,244450,23133077,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,crono666,"This game is perhaps the closest a WW2 game will get to perfection.I'm serious. Nearly everything about this is perfect.You want diversity? This game has diversity. Dozens upon dozens of units to choose from 5 different nations. You want action? Hell yeah this game has action. Both Multiplayer and Singleplayer are choc-full of people/AI that will destroy you if you allow them. You want challenge? As I just said, set AI to the highest or pick some guy out of Vietnam on multiplayer and you will definitely be challenged.Maybe you don't like multiplayer? Maybe you don't like getting your♥♥♥♥♥kicked in 17 different ways, or you just want to be alone? Then play singplayer. Unlike most games where the singleplayer is tacked on, and nobody cares anyway because SHOOTEN OTHAH PEOPLZ the singeplayer for this game is damn good. Every nation has like 8 or so different missions, that are /somewhat/ copy-paste between, but they're all pretty good in their own right.And if that's still not enough? Step right up to the workshop folks, we got literally everything you want. More units? Hell yeah. More nations? Definitely. More maps/missions? I shouldn't even have to answer that.TL;DR: This game can satisfy almost any WW2 enthusiast's dreams. Singleplayer, multiplayer, doesn't matter, they're both good. Not satisfied with what you have? Head down to the workshop for even more. You're literally making a mistake by not buying this game. ♥♥♥♥ing do it ya pansie, 30$ is well worth it for a game of this quality.(This review sponsored by Valour Mod. Download today!)"
76561198375501697,Recommended,244450,33003629,Posted: 29 June,all,COMBATBOOT115,"Its great for a little while .Pros .1. Its great, the gameplay, the amount of historical accuracy is just great.2. The controlls are good but they can be a hassle though.3. Alot of the mods which are great, fill in the gaps of the game.4. It can run on normal computers, i have the newest model of the HP Pavilion 510 and on custom settings with good graphics it hit's around 30 to 21 FPS, not the best but still good.5. Great if you want a good WW2 sim like strategy game with some good action and it can be a little challenging though but thats what i want a good fun challenge.Cons.1. The game by itself is not great, all five countrys (U.S.A, Germany, Japan, USSR, U.K) campaign missions are just copy past, if you want a great WW2 strategy game experience you will have to download a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of mods2. Cant play multiplayer with A.I, if anyone finds out how to play with the A.I on multiplayer please message me3. The A.I can be stupid, say you have a tiger tank and tell it to retreat it will turn all the way around and expose its♥♥♥♥♥to the enemy tanks then boom you just lost your tiger, but you can manualy control the tanks to back up not turn around4. The tanks guzzle down fuel way to fast, i was half way across the map when my tiger just ran out of fuel, i had to wait 3 minutes in order to get a supply truck from base to the edge of the front then refuled it, it♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off a little but thats realism for ya.I do recommend it though its one of the best WW2 strategy games i have played and its just fun to play, but i recommend once you get it, get Robz realism mod so its a true WW2 simulater."
76561198001976029,Recommended,244450,33108000,Posted: 1 July,all,ZYX,"Bough this game during steam summer sales. It is fun, if you like COH or any WW2 RTS, this one is also worth a buy."
76561198068305116,Recommended,244450,30304255,Posted: 3 March,all,MADJACK,Gud game nice workshop
,Recommended,244450,33084018,Posted: 1 July,all,Prof.Milad a.k.a the Polymath,Semi outdated game. it's like company of heroes but enemy AI is just awfully unbalanced. It's worth it with heavy discounted price to play with friends sometimes.
,Recommended,244450,32819605,Posted: 26 June,all,Ｍｅｇａｎｏｍａｎｉx,i think 1c misspelled remake.but the game still great.ps. i want that 1st person mode that you promissed me!!!
76561198050540023,Recommended,244450,33060246,Posted: 30 June,all,blackcray,"buy this game if you don't have the origional, they are the same thing, this one just has better graphics."
76561198062665165,Recommended,244450,33058906,Posted: 30 June,all,Taglion,"Absolutely love playing this game with my friends either against each other or against the AI! Just make sure you wack the AI onto the hardest difficulty, not much of a challenge otherwise."
,Recommended,244450,33092371,Posted: 1 July,all,Shitlord,"The base game is decent and its a bit out of date, but the modding capacity is fantastic. The game is very enjoyable with the proper mods and once you've got a grasp of the mechanics. Better with friends tho."
,Recommended,244450,33160134,Posted: 2 July,all,★ Thomas Finjay,Ready To Fire Sir!
76561198029956454,Recommended,244450,33177651,Posted: 3 July,all,Spodermen,Best game ever
,Recommended,244450,33483147,Posted: 12 July,all,Riko,11/10 would remember the names of every soldier that I sacrificed to throw nades.
,Recommended,244450,33565133,Posted: 15 July,all,Suolatikku,"Amazing game, although I wouldn't recommend buying it at full price as you can get it for really cheap during a sale."
76561198060190386,Recommended,244450,32017652,Posted: 28 May,all,HeatSeekerGTR,"You direct control infantryman Woss... you lie prone in the bush right next to the road.You are aware of an enemy Pershing coming your way.You pray that it comes down the road you chose... and it does. You hear it's treads and engine roar. You know it's coming.You finally see it. It hasn't spotted you, so that's a good sign. It's coming down the road, mere 100 meters left.You take the only anti-tank grenade you have. You aim at the road, calculating the exact flight time of the grenade after you throw it.50 meters...40 meters...30...You throw the grenade. It lands on top of the Pershing's turret, yet it somehow damages it's hull. The crewmen get out, revealing you, but it was too late for them as you had your MP-44 ready.Woss got a promotion that very same day."
76561198083318481,Recommended,244450,32379336,Posted: 12 June,all,dylan k,really good game can get a lot of hours out of it tons of great mods if you get bored of the base game.
76561198142581990,Recommended,244450,15446869,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Skeptic Monkey,I casually play Rts games and dont know much about the genre but i must say evrey time i have played this game i had a great timeModding is pretty extensive and so is the variety of modsStar wars modsAmerican revolutionary modsVietnam modsModern warfare modRealism modsTheres also a lot of vehicle mods (yes you can download a landkrezer mod mod )I had problems joining multiplayer games so i cant give my opinion on thatbut overall its a great game
,Recommended,244450,33492812,Posted: 12 July,all,ldodd_23,Great game! Very moddable and has high replay value.
76561198011235781,Recommended,244450,33592597,Posted: 16 July,all,Omegafrost69,I love playing the hell out of this game. I can't wait to explore the modding community on this game too.
76561198124340777,Recommended,244450,28643541,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Corrupted Computer,"Great Game! It takes SUPER LONG to load after you install 4 things.... eh it maybe be my comuter so idk :3 I LOVE this game thoguh.  I have a request though, add a omah beach mission. (without using the workshop) ( Edit, July,2017:) It won't work anymore"
,Recommended,244450,33887138,Posted: 29 July,all,soulsekr,Very Fun 10/10 Editor is AWESOME
76561198162011584,Recommended,244450,33891886,Posted: 29 July,all,❤Clear❤,YES
,Recommended,244450,33871081,Posted: 28 July,all,Sgt.major,mine is broken and tryed fixing it many times
76561198212349973,Recommended,244450,33868530,Posted: 28 July,all,WolfKxS_ |-/,See for yourself
,Recommended,244450,33920210,Posted: 30 July,all,V01DED1NK,A strategy game that gets WW2 right! This is a great strategy game and has perfect mix of micromanaging and arcade combat.
76561198138664997,Recommended,244450,33923958,Posted: 31 July,all,Captjack02,This game is the best out there for just fun gameplay and realism. This game willl bring you never ending fun if you want some thing amazing there a mod that will give you an amazing out of this world super weapon like the walker. I would pay double for what they are selling it for when ever i play with my friend I will never know what will happen.
,Recommended,244450,27867155,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Muumi2396,"-Make a new scenario in editor-Rus vs fin-ebin mottitaktics-change every guys texture to burned for massive zombie apocalypseWill give perfect 5/7,would nuke everything again."
,Recommended,244450,33940743,Posted: 31 July,all,Flymem/ csgolive.com,First game i ever had ALWAYS HAS A SPOT IN MY HEART
76561198187909183,Recommended,244450,33946917,Posted: 1 August,all,GaffelDisk,"Men of War: Assault Squad 2 is a great game. The thing i like about it is that it mixes types of strategy games, a bit of Heroes of Company and a bit of Total war. This makes the gameplay really interesting and fun. You can still controll small groups of units in close combat, and entire platoons.The campaign is good, but a little hard so be ready.One of my favourite gamemodes in the game is the editor. I've had so much fun with it. You can set up large battles that could last for hours, or small firefights that last for a couple of minutes. The AI is pretty decent but you could get frustrated sometimes.In the end, I really recommend this game to anyone who likes startegy games and observing battles."
76561198041764923,Not Recommended,244450,27133069,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Marseille,"Суть такова, о новом длц, настолько багованном, что дажы отзыв написать нельзя. То что Вам пообещали - шлак. Миссии из 1, 2 тылу врага, лис пустыни. Однако исполнение на 3. А именно:- множество заскриптованных юнитов, которые аннигилируют то вашу артиллерию с космических дальностей, то технику- контент миссий заполнен на 10-15% по сравнению с оригиналами в предыдущих частях.Да, есть кооп. Э/то не отдельная игра, а доп.контент весом 52 метров.Разрабы, идите ко всем веникам ежикам за 10 каких то полушлаковых по исполнению миссий за мать его, 9 баксов. Имея все части франшизы, могли бы и бесплатно накинуть.Результат: кто безголовый фанат - пожалуйста.Есть с кем помучить себя и друга - терпимо.В остальном - фейл чистой воды. Игроки в мастерской стима делают более достойные паки."
76561198028821804,Recommended,244450,33990656,Posted: 3 August,all,MolyDisulfide,Amazing game.
76561198347529862,Recommended,244450,33985074,Posted: 2 August,all,Dream APEX,This is game is really fun. When you get mods for this. IT BECOMES THE BEST GAME OUT THERE.
76561198355206704,Recommended,244450,34070355,Posted: 6 August,all,HaydensoloG,this is bad game i rate bad
,Recommended,244450,34068405,Posted: 6 August,all,Swat Number 4,awesome game while I haven't played very many singleplayer games I have been playing with the editor and it is awesome but not much better than the original men of war but the mods make it even better
76561198080059467,Recommended,244450,34052739,Posted: 5 August,all,KaiserFriedhelm,"The game itself is great. Ive played the crap out of this game is it awesome. With Steam Workshop though, the possiblities are endless from playing different maps, historical battles and even World War I to even Star Wars. I highly recommend this game!"
76561198148171877,Recommended,244450,34043533,Posted: 5 August,all,mreddy03,"this is one of the most awsome game I have ever played. Nice RTS for people who like ww2 game. But thats sad you dont have m1 abrams oh no whait there are awsome mods too like : robz realisme mod, red rising , red frog and many more."
76561198347472546,Recommended,244450,34043232,Posted: 5 August,all,tristinbayne,sorry to ask this but how do i use the mods iv downloaded and applyed it but still nothing
76561198024083378,Recommended,244450,34007702,Posted: 3 August,all,johndienye,"Great game, intense enough that taking your eyes of the screen for a second can totally affect the flow of the game. The different campaigns are sort of repetitive with regards to the maps."
,Recommended,244450,34021703,Posted: 4 August,all,Dr.Ogost,"No base buildingNo resource gatheringNo bull♥♥♥♥♥♥Just a tactical strategy WW2 game. For guys that don't want to waste time with gamey mechanics.Also, such a great mod community! For someone like me that does not play MP, the single player experience might as well be endless.You may see that I don't have that many hours played, but I've been playing the Men of War saga since the very beggining on and off steam. And let me tell you that this one is the best of them all"
,Recommended,244450,33987598,Posted: 3 August,all,[Anna]Riff Raff,"As long as you have the ""Robz Realism"" Mod with this game, then you will never find a more just perfect WW2 RTS game out there."
76561198310596322,Recommended,244450,33979718,Posted: 2 August,all,BATDUDE100,This is an ok game for beginning war RTS games. Some workshop content doesn't work in the editor.
,Recommended,244450,34093458,Posted: 7 August,all,The Dude,bestesses game of all yearsbuy itit goodit be ballin
76561198011353652,Recommended,244450,34091306,Posted: 7 August,all,Bulldog773,"I did not think this game would be better than Company of heroes, but I figured what the heck ""I will give it a try anyways"". Wow!!! Am I glad I did, the best game in its class. If I could play one, I would choose ASAS.I am very happy with my purchase. Get this game....."
76561198137108552,Recommended,244450,34183873,Posted: 11 August,all,Kerchoo csgoroll.com,Kerchoo
76561198056710680,Recommended,244450,34199701,Posted: 12 August,all,josdejong,"Awesome scenes. Great strategic challenges. Hours and hours of play time. When you do something stupid, you can loose a lot of troops with just one move. With a smart approach you can achieve a lot with just a few troops."
,Recommended,244450,34198681,Posted: 12 August,all,trix the gay man with aviators,pro'svery customiziablecarp ton of wonderful modsvery engagingcon'ssome mods will permantly crash your game until you unistall all of them (you can unistall all of them by using safe mode which delete's all mods so you have to figure whcih one is crashing it and make sure you dont add it.)games are difficult (but that is my opinion)difficult for new people to create mapsand some in game items will crash your game even if they are not modsmust constantly save while building maps or army (cause you accidently spawn a buggy item it crashes and doesnt ato save)In other words needs some fixes and the community needs to update some mods but other than that very fun realistic experiance for fantics of ww2.
76561198384435671,Recommended,244450,34041460,Posted: 5 August,all,imanoobgotaprob?,Doesnt work with my compter and the lastest windows 10 ceaters update(NOW IT WORKS!!! )BUT win 10 did screw up the games settings. You have to make the game windowed.
76561198152267609,Recommended,244450,34119216,Posted: 8 August,all,Redma,ALmost better than Arma 3 xD
76561198132651441,Recommended,244450,34127507,Posted: 9 August,all,gummi3d,Boom Goodshji
76561198252549090,Recommended,244450,34266798,Posted: 15 August,all,Michael Wittmann,Great game.If you like ww2 or strategy games you're in the right place you really can't go wrong with although the campaign can get boring after after 10hrs the mods and the muiltplayer really give this game a great feel.-dafaria
76561198219443840,Recommended,244450,34588826,Posted: 29 August,all,🍑 - Trent - 🍑,Galaxy at War is def a need for this game. Such a great game overall
76561198173883615,Recommended,244450,34559055,Posted: 28 August,all,Limitedcarnage,Single player is amazing. Multiplayer is fun with friends who love rts games.
76561198395390500,Recommended,244450,34517687,Posted: 26 August,all,Königk29#War,A great strategy game with unique mechanics and pretty good game
76561198088858883,Recommended,244450,24071059,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Madhir Fakhr,Nice RTS. U'll not get bored cuz there's too many downloadble content on the workshop
76561198283744467,Recommended,244450,34517638,Posted: 26 August,all,Shot Atomz(skinhub.com),the game is amazing but one question is there any way to add the galaxy at war mod to the steam workshop?
76561198341474722,Recommended,244450,34447052,Posted: 23 August,all,benohalo,iv wanted a game like this for a longgggggg time
76561198207899037,Recommended,244450,34444044,Posted: 23 August,all,lelgfnoob,i once drove a willy jeep through five rows of men picked up one doctor and drove away
76561198066482786,Recommended,244450,34455746,Posted: 24 August,all,ghostrider 911,"This game is probably my most favorite game of all time its one of the most realistic ww2 today and everything about it is amazing the combat system, the scenery, the variety of weaponry, the possibilitys are endless. in my opinion the game is flawless everything is great about it nothing needs to be changed or fixed. this game will leave you playing for countless hours fighting for the faction of your chose and even when your done you will still want more, thats were the workshop and gem editor come in. Ever wanted to creat your own battle scenario in ww2, ww1, modern time, or even in star wars well now you can thanks to the games great modding community and easy access to a customizable battlefield of your choice. i highly recommend this game if you like big strategy games and games that have to do with action packed battles or war. ""war, war never changes"" until now with you in command of it"
,Recommended,244450,34516341,Posted: 26 August,all,Sgtblank76,"The gameplay is smooth and great, with easy controls. I also like how steam added the workshop with this, so you may share whatever you create with your friends and the public!"
,Recommended,244450,34515696,Posted: 26 August,all,sclift,the best game evr
76561198289030321,Recommended,244450,34495687,Posted: 25 August,all,DRmadders,"This is a really good game. Not only the gameplay but the modding community, they make the game more then just a ww2 strategy game."
76561198079590500,Recommended,244450,34502199,Posted: 26 August,all,Rendex,PARTIZAN. SPAMT34 SPAMGERMANY:win
76561198383805268,Recommended,244450,34476869,Posted: 25 August,all,EJR,This game is out😎😎😎
76561198356067917,Recommended,244450,34508953,Posted: 26 August,all,IMPRACTICALQUIN,Game was great but i think that there should be a different variety of missions instead of the same missons but with different factions
,Recommended,244450,34506562,Posted: 26 August,all,AngeryPidgey,"A luke-warm recommend.Let me explain:This game is great. The multiplayer, at least. I don't buy games for multiplayer. The singleplayer ""campaigns"" in this game are not campaigns. Essentially, it is a collection of 10 missions, either attack or defend, with a simple reskin for each faction. There are 10 for the Germans, the English, the Japanese, the US and the USSR, and they all play the same. The attack missions consist of fighting your way up what seems like fifty miles of ground against the same enemies, capturing a few flags along the way. The defense missions consist of holding a spot for twenty years against an enemy hell bent on getting passed you, damn the consequences, like the old RTS games of the early 2000's era. Just bad mission design in >current year<. The only missions worth a damn is the tutorial mission located under ""bonuses"". It's from the original MoW: AS and is just as relevant.These are extremely boring. I have put these on easy so many times simply because it takes so long to get through the attack missions that I'd rather not develop a strategy because that only increases the time I'll spend staring at Gazala. It *could* be fun to have simplistic missions like these, but in such an absurd, unchanged amount at such length. The pacing is way off. Similarly, the defense missions take longer than an unanaesthetised tooth pulling, and can be just as painful staring at the hordes of light tanks trying to swarm your heavily entenched Jagdtigers.Where this game actually excells is in the multiplayer. There are so many maps and modes I can't keep track, designed for 2, 4, 6 and 8 players. I wont go into too much detail, but it essentially removes all the pitfalls of the singleplayer. A realistic, squad-based, WW2 RTS is what is advertised and the multiplayer fits that perfectly. Custom games, matchmaking, etc. It's good.Equally good is the editor. Custom maps, missions, campaigns and so much more are constantly posted to the workshop it's ridiculous. Most are quality by virtue of how easy it is to edit once you learn how to do it. It's not even limited to WW2. Clone Wars? Of course. A billion D-Day/Sea Lion maps? That's a given.Point is: if singleplayer is your temptation here, avoid this like the plague. This is the equivelant of those team-based shooters with ""singleplayer"" that amount to simply having the multiplayer maps put in a chronological order. Go get the original Men of War, it's got a proper campaign, though the voice acting is a bit laughable. It's essentially an older version of this. Not much changes between the games other than fine tuning and graphical touches.*However*, if multiplayer is your poison, look no further. This game is the premier WW2 RTS right now. Don't be put off by the ""realistic"" angle if you're a bit weary. It's extremely easy to learn."
76561198064766339,Recommended,244450,34902110,Posted: 12 September,all,aNinjaPacMan,"This game is one of the most fun games I have ever played. It has some complex features that take getting used to such as the resupply and armor penetration, but with some single player skirmish playing it gets easy really quick. I havent even ever really played it multiplayer because there is simply so much to play in single player (Plus none of my friends have it :( ) For the sale price of $8 the complete edition is totally worth it. And if you dont like that the game looks ""old"" (which it doesnt) there are workshop HD mods. Which brings me to the mods.  So many Great mods. If you even remotely like RTS style games, Id recommend this one.P.S. Also theres a map builder which is fun just to mess around in even if you dont know what you're doing."
76561198055684649,Recommended,244450,34899833,Posted: 12 September,all,Übermensch995,A more confusing version of total war
76561198305985407,Recommended,244450,34941203,Posted: 13 September,all,kingtigertooth,i got this on pc but that pc broke so now i play on my mac i got to play like 20 huors really great game but it would be nice if you could add it on apple but great game ;D
,Recommended,244450,34939601,Posted: 13 September,all,Pickle Rick,Honestly the best ww2 RTS ever made. (And amazing for trolling your friends!)
76561198342129833,Recommended,244450,35209083,Posted: 25 September,all,Armoured Jerboa,"This is one of the best god damn games I have ever played. Get the Warhammer mod, the mods for this game are the best.A must buy for any WW2 fans, but pick up on a sale"
76561198126973492,Not Recommended,244450,21814268,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,TERMINATOR 01,"I have been always been a Men of War fan. I have played almost every if not every single one Men of War tittle. The game is supposed to be an upgrade of the original AS 1. But I will tell the people why it sucks:-the grapchis are still like in the original Men of War, basically pure shi.t. They dont want to spend a single penny on upgrading the graphics.-they dont implement the improvements from the Call to Arms tittle.-the matches are very long and in the middle of an online match, most times the losers leave in the middle of it, so you cannot rank up and unlock new units (the unlocking system is pure bul.lshi.t BTW), and enjoy the freaking game becasue they are rage quitting kidos.- lots of cash grab DLCs that are shi.t that could be freely added to the Multiplayer. Even with the deluxe edition you still dont have a single DLC becasue the devs suck as.s. They are cash grabber thiefs that dont care shi.t about the Men of War series and only want more and more money from useless expansions. They also closed the servers of the original AS so you have to buy the AS2 for playing online yes or yes so that they gain more money.-The only new thing compared to the AS 1 is the new UNITS managment system, which doesnt make the cash grab game worth it.It could have been a better game, specially if the devs wouldnt be morons that only want money and dont play their own game for see the proms it has (oh wait, they know but why would they fix it if they only want money ;) ? A lost hope for many MoW fans."
,Recommended,244450,35161002,Posted: 23 September,all,SerbianStormtrooper,l spent lot of time playing it... and there is lot of good mods when you get bored by singleplayer and also multiuplayer iss still active!
,Recommended,244450,35166928,Posted: 23 September,all,fnden,t34.jpg
76561198319183412,Recommended,244450,35180288,Posted: 24 September,all,fabikblake,sush a good game luv it
,Recommended,244450,35163948,Posted: 23 September,all,Long Jump God,This is one of the best RTS game that I can recommend. BUT THE SERVER IS MORE BROKEN THAN UBISOFT.
76561198291487543,Recommended,244450,35251983,Posted: 27 September,all,benjamin.ashby.herschel,"I got this game a while ago and so far, I am really enjoying the game and will probobly get the dlc soon.  It is complecated but even if you don't know hot to play it fully, it is still very fun.  I might update this later when I have more to say."
76561198043662701,Not Recommended,244450,14756394,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Antares,"You have to pay just to skirmish against the AI, you had to pay just to have an optional 3rd person mode implemented which didn't even function throughout the entirety of the game, that's♥♥♥♥♥♥I imagine Jim Stirling would cover. The base game in itself  is underwhelming with a near copy and paste approach to the missions for the various factions in campaign.This game's only real saving grace is the fact MODDERS make content which in turn makes this game worth while."
76561198092489928,Recommended,244450,34925729,Posted: 13 September,all,ijohnston65,A truly epic game for all straegy gamers and has a workshop
,Recommended,244450,34925133,Posted: 13 September,all,Last Determiner,Gr8 m8 i r8 8/8+Acceptable acting and great environment+Fast matchmaking with or without bots+sounds and especially blasting sounds are greate+tactics are important+controling each unit like a 3rd person gameand many more++ ♥ highly recomended ♥ ++
76561198155712798,Recommended,244450,34974905,Posted: 15 September,all,KebabRemoval92,Very fun great fun with the mods Lots of add ons as well
35454657687983894,Recommended,244450,22131608,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,GunMaster22,FUN GAME BUT KEEP HAVING GLITCH WHERE I CAN T FULL SCREEN PLZ FIX :)
,Recommended,244450,35049564,Posted: 18 September,all,[L2P]Khoa,Best RTS game ever <3
,Recommended,244450,35048778,Posted: 18 September,all,Westyy,"Extremely good fun with friend, recommend this to anyone who loves rts and games where u can go right down to every detail with each solider on the battlfield"
,Recommended,244450,35045701,Posted: 18 September,all,Quin,i would recommend this easy cuz its AWESOME
76561198421974642,Recommended,244450,35051663,Posted: 18 September,all,ArchAngelSRB,This game is just awesome
76561198040721528,Recommended,244450,18212353,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,stoney,"This is my favorite game in my Steam Library. I am so amazzed in the depth of detail and the logistics of the game play. I love to take my time when I can to plan my strategy and logistics while I fight and stage to fight. Some times the AI is so funny and suprizing to me. I think the AI is really mad at me sometimes and tries to get revenge. I really would like to see this game updated and re-released to add to the detail and add some extra options:- Allow troops to dig tank trenches- Add fuel trucks with auto fuel, at a cost- Add a little bit more building capability to the troops, bigger walls and barriersBut please don't mess with the rest, it's the BEST...."
76561198018646569,Recommended,244450,35115550,Posted: 21 September,all,ThatMakesMeMoist,Good game
,Recommended,244450,35116076,Posted: 21 September,all,robocyco,"The game says all of the time when i try to play it it says it is terminated and it wont let me use the cheat mods, so if any of you guys that like playing this game report it to steam now!!"
76561198158328361,Recommended,244450,35281380,Posted: 28 September,all,Markoanator808,HOLY♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,244450,35287777,Posted: 29 September,all,Combat Wombat,Fantastic game. Love the German campaign.
,Recommended,244450,35322817,Posted: 29 September,all,Hammelman [WSBJ],Good times.
,Recommended,244450,35342245,Posted: 30 September,all,[14A]mohammad20,NICE GAME
,Recommended,244450,24029762,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Paradoxisus,"THERE'S NOTHING MORE RUSSIAN THAN SPAMMING RUSSIAN INFANTRY INTO THE HEART OF THE ENEMY!ONWARDS, COMRADES!FOR THE MOTHERLAND!"
,Recommended,244450,35352991,Posted: 30 September,all,jbrasher99,ayeeee main its puurrtttyyy gooooooddddd 10/10 jews
,Recommended,244450,35303149,Posted: 29 September,all,MilkyBob,"Pretty good ""You've been kicked by the host"" simulator. Would recommend Payday 2 more tho"
76561198165783103,Recommended,244450,35334659,Posted: 30 September,all,Otto_Skorzeny,"This game is a pure dope! And i bought it for 4 euros - AN COMPLETE EDITION! I'm a lucky bestard :DI played Call to arms and got diarrhea -damn rotten devses greed.if you buy it for 10,20,30 euros it's worth it but rather download torrent version and play it till come to discount ;)Anyway,game is A W E S O M E and i always get bonner on mg42 sound !!!Sorry for my bad english."
