user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,244430,8986509,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Weydabomb,"This is a wonderful game. This was my first game I ever owned back when I was a child, so I have a nostalgic bias. To the review; this game from the get-go is aesthetically 200% better. It looks like any indie FPS you can buy nowadays minus a tutorial and immediate plot. I put countless hours into this game as a child and never beat it. That was back before there was internet walkthroughs and developers who thought that you (the gamer) barely passed the second grade. I recommend this game to anyone who wants an relaxing, in-depth story told to them through puzzles, journal entries, and a non-hostile environment.Good things to say about this game:-Beautiful-Flashlight feature is helpful-Easy conversion from classic point-'n'-click to real-time first person.-Story remains intact if not more immerse-More brainpower and problem-solving required than any game on the modern marketBad things to say about this game:-Suffers from massive framerate drops in real time first person. I drop from 60+ FPS to around 15-20 frequently; it's not a hardware issue either, it's a frame cap.-First person controls are different and take some getting use to (Letting off WASD brings up a cursor)-Not a casual adventure game; requires hours upon hours to reveal the entire story, get through each puzzle (if you're new to the game), and navigate each area.This is a time-consuming masterpiece. Mozart is to the Classical genre of music, as Myst is to Adventure games. Very few games deserve such artistic praise, this ranks number 1 on my list."
76561198065868656,Recommended,244430,12364695,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,artfuldodger187,"As I've read the other reviews of this game, I've noticed that this is a ""nostalgia game"" for most people. I, however, have just played it for the first time (RealMyst Masterpiece, not the original). It has a lot of good points, but I gotta tell ya, there were some major gameplay issues that had me tearing my hair out at times. I'm sure some of that comes from trying to optimize an old game for new systems, but I was hoping for better. Still, I really enjoyed it and I'm glad I played it.GOOD POINTS (as determined by a newbie to the series):- Like everyone else has said, it's visually beautiful and imaginative.- Soundtrack is lovely and very atmospheric.- It was nice to know through the in-game ""Hints"" menu (which, yes, I had to check, for reasons described below) that this was a non-hostile environment! No waiting for something evil to jump out at me from the shadows, even though there are a few ominous things to see/hear. But nothing explicit - still family-friendly, I would say.- The puzzles are truly creative, and that kept me interested. Every Age has a specific ""theme"" or ""conceit"" for how its puzzles work, but knowing the ""theme"" don't make 'em easy! As someone who grew up playing online Flash room escape games (and some point-and-click adventure games like The Neverhood), I was really impressed with the varied methods you had to use to solve them. Pro tip: don't try playing with the sound off. Ask me how I found that out. (Plus you'll miss the music and audio messages!)- The story (which is why I play games) was tantalizing and left me wanting more.- Having 2 options for navigation controls was handy.- The day/night cycles for each age were cool and added to the immersive aspect.- The flashlight was a HUGE help! I mean, you could probably get by without it,  but I found it indispensable. I hate not knowing if I'm missing something because I'm in a dark area!- The live acting wasn't half bad.- Unfortunately, after finishing it, there isn't really anything ""to do"" in the different Ages, but I liked that you're able to go back and explore more if you want.THINGS I DISLIKED:- Oh. My. Gosh. The ""clicking"" mechanics absolutely drove me UP THE WALL! I usually had to click on a certain supposed-to-be-clickable area in 20 different places before it would work. And the ""sweet spots,"" when I finally found them, were inconsistent.- The other ""clicking"" problem was that I frequently would stop being able to click on anything all of a sudden. I'd try to click a button that I'd pressed a hundred times and nothing would happen, and then I'd discover I couldn't click anything else either (though the game didn't freeze). I usually had to reload a save, which was frustrating, although on rare occasions the problem went away after I visited the game menu and waited a few minutes. Still, VERY exasperating. I was never able to tell, the first time I tried to click on a new object, if it was truly clickable or if I was having another glitch. I had to resort to the Hints frequently just because of that.- Sometimes I would get ""stuck"" navigationally: I wouldn't be able to leave/move away from a particular position or vantage point, though there was nothing obstructing me. Sometimes I could fix it by reloading, but sometimes I had to work my way back from an earlier save :/ I particularly had this problem while facing the battery in the Stoneship Age and while facing the ceiling above the elevator in the Mechanical Age.- The game did crash on me - once, I think.- There are certain times when you're supposed to be able to hear an audio message, but the music never muted or decreased its volume, so I could rarely hear what was said. I had to look up the transcripts online. Subtitles would've been a huge help.- I had an issue with the red/blue pages where I could collect them both in each Age, but could only give away the one that I had collected last. This meant that I didn't get to hear some of the audio messages from the brothers.- You kind of have to do the Selenitic Age first, though the game doesn't require you to (and I didn't). Certain puzzles in other Ages are extremely hard to beat without having been introduced to a particular puzzle from the Selenitic.- Having only five available save-game slots was annoying to someone who's used to infinite saves :D Also, some of the saves actually took me back a little ways before where the save-point actually was - I couldn't really save while a puzzle was in progress.In short, it's a great game, and it's fun to get to experience the great-granddaddy of all the point-and-click games I grew up with. That said, you definitely need to approach it with the knowledge that it's still an old game, despite its remastering. It has plenty of major bugs, but it's still good. I liked it enough that if they remade Riven and etc. I'd probably play them."
,Recommended,244430,16442300,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Chococat,"I played Myst as a kid, like what, 15-20 years ago? I would just walk around and click things, and I had absolutely no idea what I was doing. Today, I still have no idea what I'm doing. Love it."
,Recommended,244430,8989629,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Rod,"Pretty true to the classic Myst as best as I can remember, though it has been long enough I had to resolve much of the puzzles.  The 3D work in the 'common' areas is really nice, but in other areas it feels very crude.  For example the ending of the maze, you can see the textures tiling as you go by.  Same on the fortress.  They also did not remake the videos, especially the 'bad' endings.A bit choppy on max settings with a very strong gaming machine.  Definitely not warranted for the quality being rendered, but it didn't really affect the gameplay.  Effects that seem to be from the engine (ie. water/lava) look really good.I played it through and only had a single crash while alt tabbing to check e-mail.The 3D controls were pretty good, if a bit awkward at first.  Going up and down a spiral staircase in a certain realm was actually rather odd.  Moving around in 3D does, imho, make the game easier as things are much easier to find and figure out than in the traditional navigation.I also found a typo in one of the journals.  The journals are worth reading, as a kid playing the game I didn't really read for the story, just the clues and missed the whole plot and meaning of the red/blue books.The 'final' realm is also a bit dependent on your audible skills.  I am a bit tone deaf, which made that realm a challenge.  *You definitely need sound to finish that portion of the game.*Overall, having had played the original Myst many years (decades?) ago, this was an enjoyable second play through."
,Recommended,244430,32839601,Posted: 26 June,all,SwiftWings42,"The absolute best version of Myst ever released. With intuative free roaming controls and updated graphics (complete with day/night cycle!) this game really is a masterpiece. The puzzles are still logical and interesting, and the updated graphics and sound make exploring the ages of Myst more enjoyable than ever before."
76561198058525894,Recommended,244430,13890475,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Dialga1044,"My Dad introduced me to this game when I asked him what games he used to play. We got Myst so I could experience it the way he did but it crashed whenever we solved the clock tower puzzle to get to the Mechanical Age, so we got this. We have completed all but the Channelwood Age and I have to say, I'm really impressed with it. It's not the most well optimized game, but it runs fine most of the time. (Seriously, it looks good not amazing. I can run Shadow of Mordor on high and this lags. What?) I still can't it was done by 2 guys. The atmosphere is surreal and the music, oh my god, the music. The puzzles are really clever and most of them are difficult, but solveable. (I say most. I'm looking at you Spaceship Piano). The answers are usually in plain sight, you just have to explore and have the thinking capacity to connect two seemingly unrelated things. I also like how each age has a 'theme'. The flashlight was a godsend, as you may as well be blind during the night. You can't see ANYTHING at night time, so that helped a lot. Overall, a solid 8.5/10."
,Recommended,244430,9935935,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Twitch,"Vanilla Myst had two major issues, and with this game one of them has been fixed.The first issue is the nature of the puzzles themselves. Although they are deliciously challenging at times, there is quite a bit of 'find solution, write down solution, walk across map, apply solution'. This will never be fixed, but it certainly doesn't make the game anything less than spectacular.The other issue, and by far the most severe issue, was how old the damn game was. Assuming you could even get it to start, you had to find a legacy version of Quicktime and were playing the game in 320x240 which some monitors don't even support anymore. A side effect of it's age was the graphics quality being garbage. Usually I can overlook graphics in a well-crafted game, but when a game relies so heavily on immersion and observation, and is prerendered with zero fluidity of movement, having visuals as poor as Myst's simply detracts from the overall experience.It is for these two reasons that I had trouble getting people into the Myst series. Riven, which is quite possibly the greatest game of all time, relies on players having experienced Myst's universe and story. So you were left with two choices: Wrestle Myst into submission and persuade yourself to beat it, where the only redeeming factor at this point is it's imperfect puzzles, or play the also-ugly and also-buggy realMyst.With the release of realMyst Masterpiece, I can finally say that Myst is fixed. While the graphics aren't quite perfect, and there are still a few cosmetic bugs, and the puzzles are the same puzzles as ever, I feel like this game actually deserves to be Riven's prequel.In short, there is no longer any reason why you should not play through realMyst Masterpiece and then play Riven."
76561198126826816,Recommended,244430,17993242,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,DannyP,"realMyst is a very simple yet sometimes complex puzzle game that was made back when home computers were just starting to find their way into households. In other words, don't expect there to be a huge amount amount of gameplay here. If you buckle down, you can beat this game in one sitting. That's not to say that there's no challenge to it as there certainly can be at times.For the most part, you're playing to find out about the unfolding story. This game used to be a point and click adventure. It seems to have upgraded to being a free roam First-Person which can ultimately betray any new comers to the game leading you to believe there's more to the puzzle than what there really is. You can now roam in unchecked corners and behind bookshelves which you could never do in the first place so if you're stumped on a puzzle, it's best not to start checking every nook and cranny. To be safe, they've added a feature so that you can use the point and click system which at times can be pretty difficult to use since there's multiple things to click on so you have to be pretty precise about what you want to inspect.The puzzles themselves aren't terribly difficult although a couple of times I will admit I was so stumped I had to use the hint system and in those cases, I feel that you have to have had accidentally stumbled upon the answer rather than using your own intellect as there is no clue to how that could've been solved. Also there seems to be a number of objects you can interact with that add no value to the gameplay or story itself. I have to imagine these were added in simply for the novelty back then but today, they're unnecessary and merely serve to distract.The story tries its best to layout a path for you to follow, but it doesn't seem to matter in the end which order you decide to do the levels in just so long as you bring back something important from each level. In the end, the story sort of leaves you hanging. It has a resolve, but leaves you with ""come back for the sequel if you want the whole story."" Not to mention a lot of the writing within the game details a lot more history to the Island, yet none of those elements are anywhere to be found or mentioned ever again and it's hard to imagine everything that's being described happening in such a small place since the levels themselves are fairly small with not a lot of scenery to back up the writings.This game definitely has it's own charm though and I would recommend it. It's pretty unique and as long as you can get past the first couple puzzles, you'll probably have no problem finishing the game. Except the tram part. That part sucks."
,Recommended,244430,8987615,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Saftle,"This is a very good remake so far. It took all the good things from RealMyst and Myst and combined the two.I love the fact that they added not only the classic movement mode, but that it actually moves for you, rather than flashing the screen and showing the next image like in the original. Very nice touch.I never got into realMyst in order to see the additional content, so I'm glad that they made it worth exploring all over again in order to get to the new content.The textures are also much, much better than in realMyst. I was almost expecting something similar with only some compatibility tweaks here and there.Pleasantly surprised. Definitely worth picking up!"
76561198140446276,Recommended,244430,17969270,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Whaleform,"Arguably one of the greatest games of all time. As a child i remember playing the original and never knew what to do.. just cluelessly clicking around the island.Revisited as an adult.. especially seeing this edition and moving around using WASD , i finally beat it with only 1 minor hint from the internet!but yea , FANTASTIC job on the remake, i really felt immersed . A lovely remake of a LEGENDARY game.. if you enjoyed myst at all this is a must for you..if you have not tried myst, and enjoy a nice challenging thinking game with a mystical element, GO FOR IT!"
76561198005772688,Recommended,244430,8988737,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Beast of the East DC United,"So far I've been really impressed with this remake. The graphics look familiar yet still very modern and beautiful. The environments look amaizng and the shifting night to day lighting effects really give a sense of immersion, The mood of discovery and exploration is still top notch and some of the best on PC. If you're looking for moody exploration game, I highly suggest picking this up as there's few experiences like it even to this day."
,Recommended,244430,14445201,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Dougie Jones,"realMyst: Masterpiece Edition is a complete overhaul of the original Myst game from 1993, porting it to a modern 3D engine that allows for free-exploration as opposed to clicking on still, 2D images. It's actually done suprisingly well and stays true to the original through-out, even including the original scenes that had used real actors. I did find the performance a little choppy in some sections but never to a point where the game was unplayable. The new graphics engine brings a new life to Myst, while my elitist self prefers the original, this looks absolutely amazing and they pretty much nailed the aesthetics of the original re-imagined in 3D.Myst is the first entry into the series and gave birth to one of the most incredible puzzle/adventure games of all time, it has some really clever puzzles that will tap into parts of your brain that are covered with cobwebs and will force you to think not 'outside the box' but 'without the box'. The plot is one extremely immersive trip that you have to uncover yourself and there are a few Myst novels that go into it with a lot more detail.Myst starts you off glaring at a book with a moving image of an island which sends you to the island, Myst, upon interaction with it and thats where this mind numbingly fascinating adventure begins. You soon discover that there are two books placed in a library and with exploration and interactions you discover that there are two people trapped inside them, one within each book. You'll need to collect pages of the two books to free them, which are scattered around the 'Ages' (different worlds within the game) and you'll need to solve a series of complicated, yet extremely logical puzzles to progress through these diverse and unique worlds in order to find the pages and uncover more of the plot.Myst features some amazingly designed puzzles, you'll need to write down notes, memorize figures, find clues and memorize sounds to solve them, the levels are abstract and beautiful, each completely different from the last and you'll be able to explore and solve puzzles in which ever order of world you please. This is trully an amazing adventure which has been brought back from obscurity by Cyan and would recommend anyone interested in puzzle games or interested in trying something different to invest in it."
,Recommended,244430,11189402,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Chaddy-Whack,"As a kid (we're talking around 5 or 6) I remember playing the original Myst for Windows 3.1/95 and being two things:1. I was terrified that at any second I was going to be attacked by some unknown foe.2. I was absolutely enthralled with how good the game was.Now, I didn't beat the game until I was probably 9 or 10 because it was difficult at that age, but ever since then I've revisited it from time to time. I've played the original, Masterpiece Edition, and now realMyst: ME. I love that it now runs properly on Windows 8 and it fills my screen. As others have said I was surprised at how choppy the graphics are, but I'd say they've done a very good job updating the original graphics while still  very much feeling like Myst. I wish they could have remastered the sound a bit better, as that alone was one of the best parts of Myst.All in all, I'm happy I bought it, but then I've played every game in the series. If you weren't a huge fan of the original, then it's probably not for you, but if you somehow have never played Myst, this is a must-buy, as you can't call yourself a gamer if you've never played (and beaten it without guides!) Myst."
,Recommended,244430,28573795,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Rambo Medic,"This game made me feel stupid as a child.This game still makes me feel stupid.(This game works fine on Windows 10, even on a low-end laptop.)"
,Recommended,244430,12646425,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Blue_Footed_Booby,"Unlike regular realMyst, this version actually works on modern machines. Noting this is the primary reason for my ""review.""Overall, this version seems to be faithful to the original, quite attractive, and definitely worth it for anyone who has ""the itch"" but doesn't have any version besides the original. There's an inexplicable lack of rebindable hotkeys and the anti-aliasing isn't the best, but for the most part the rough edges contribute to the ""old school"" feel.Fair warning, though: there are also a few dumb glitches, particularly with the ""free roam"" mode. None are show-stoppers, and they seem to be the sort of thing you need a certain number of unique testers to catch. For example, an elevator in the tree age reset after loading a save wherein I was on the second level of platforms. I was able to safely fall through the hole where the elevator should have been, and the game ""snapped"" me onto the platform without incident. More immersion-breaking than problematic."
,Recommended,244430,29557348,Posted: 28 January,all,Jardenon,"Play it in the dark by yourself with headphones. Don't look up walkthroughs. Carry a note pad, and you will then experience gaming zen."
76561197990143460,Not Recommended,244430,15099175,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Blackboe,"I'm so disappointed in this rework that I could cry. I am super sad about this.The textures are flat, the lighting is stark. The original sounds are pumped jarringly straight into your ears with no remastering, mixing, or accounting for environmental effects. The pages on the books you read are razor-edged polygons, when these books are supposed to be old and weathered and dog-eared. The models are low-poly and the bump-maps are just the original textures made black and white. The screws on the marker switches are warped and shiny blobs. Textures collide and intersect as they hit seams. The pillars in the library are models with repeating textures on them—with no wear on the corners, no dust, no visible seam! They are sterile and stock-photo perfect. Not a single moment has been spent trying to make the environment textures match the models they're on.I don't know what to think. This is heartbreaking.Please, if anyone from the realMyst team reads this, I'm a highly competent artist, as well as an amateur sound designer. Please let me help you."
,Recommended,244430,27583442,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Draconis_79,"Disclaimer:  I definitely have a nostalgia bias when playing this game.Played the original on PC when it came out, and loved it.  This game is beautifully redone and ran smoothly on my laptop.  Once you know what do do, most of the puzzles come easy enough.  The main reason I enjoy this game so much is getting into the back story and lore of the entire Myst series.  The sequel (Riven) is my favorite game in the series, but I always enjoy going back to where the story begins.Side note:  If you enjoy the story as much as I do, I highly recommend the novelizations that can reveal even more of the wonderfully detailed world that is the Myst series."
,Recommended,244430,20327738,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Ach,"Thanks for this ""remake"", it's easy to play this old game with a new PC now :D"
,Not Recommended,244430,10873844,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Anorexemon,"Yes, it's beautiful, but the controls and sound settings make the price of this game unforgivable.There are no subtitles. There's no option to lower the music whilst maintaining dialogue/ambient sounds. If it weren't for previous knowledge of the game and the internet, this version would be almost unplayable unless you held industrial sized speakers next to your ears in the hope that you would manage to catch a word or two of dialogue over the immense sound of the background music...If I'm completely off here, or I'm doing something wrong, please tell me. It'd be a huge help. For the moment, I can NOT recommend this game for the sale price of €10~, let alone the retail price of €15~"
,Recommended,244430,20923628,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,"Communist ""Joseph Ballin"" Layton","Myst is pretty much the definition of a classic point-and-click game, and to an extent not much really needs to be said about it. It's the sort of game that just drops you into a strange new world without any explanation, and lets you figure out how its various mechanisms work on your own. This version is an enhanced version of the original realMyst, which itself was a 3D remake of the original Myst, allowing you to walk around like a standard first-person game instead of being locked into the usual 360 swivel-cam. The Masterpiece edition greatly improves the graphics, but at the expense of having pretty strange performance; despite my GTX 970 and overclocked i5, I barely managed 30 fps when the preset was set to Very High, but when setting the preset to Medium High (turning it to anything lower than that decreases the mouse speed, for some reason) and turning on all of the settings in the Advanced options it ran at around 70 to 100+ depending on the area. The ability to move freely increases immersion, but also makes the puzzles a bit more difficult in my opinion by making it less obvious what you can and can't interact with, which is further increased by the better graphics of this version, but I consider that to be more of a plus. realMyst might not be the version of the game that the original developer prefers, but it's the one I'd rather play."
,Recommended,244430,9262670,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Ƒіɡһтѕріт,"realMyst ME is a real huge improvement from the original Myst which is by far the best game of the 90s'.Indeed, it has been almost 20 years, I still have the original CDROM and also the user manual of Myst!You can find all the puzzles from Myst in realMyst ME but with state-of-the-arts graphics in 3D compared to the orginal 2D 8bits colors under 640x480 resolution!"
,Recommended,244430,16802981,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Gavin,"This is a great re-graphicing(is that even a word?) of an old classic. Great Story, amazing puzzles, everything you could ask for in a puzzle game."
,Recommended,244430,29552521,Posted: 28 January,all,belboz99,"Great game, a classic.  I first played back in 1995 on CD-ROM, but this newer version is much more immersive given todays graphics capabilities.The puzzles are still a challenge if you're not familiar with the game, and I mean that in a good way.  However, after playing Riven they can seem a bit tame in comparison.Runs great on Windows 10.  Windows 10 is actually more compatible with some classic games than Vista or 7 were.If you enjoy this, also check out Riven, Myst III, Myst IV, Myst V, and Obduction.  Obduciton is a new release by Rand Miller, one of the creators of Myst.  It's meant to be in the Myst spirt, but it's a whole new story, a different world, etc."
,Recommended,244430,21357011,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Nero,Myst is a special game for me. My grandfather loved it and he would show me all of his progress when I was a kid.I love the Myst world(s).I can not give enough praise to this game.[insert number over 666] / 10.Oh and I love the new content this remastered version includes. Really makes you question the choices you made in the game.
,Recommended,244430,32896847,Posted: 27 June,all,S K I N N Y Malone,"Classic game rebooted with love. realMyst is an amazing experience if you're looking for something new or want to re live youre childhood or mid life crisis.Controls are smooth, point and click works better than it used to, puzzles are memorable and weed out the weak. Would read again"
,Recommended,244430,28662446,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Korban Dioxide,"Throwback to the original Myst!The game looks AMAZING, I can barely play the second one after playing this one.Myst II Masterpiece edition plz thnx!"
,Recommended,244430,16542633,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,ThePhantomSafetyPin,"I have been a Myst fan for almost ten years now - ever since I was a freshman in high school - and walking onto the Unity-created Myst Island in this re-remake of the remake of the original was just like coming home for me. My first thoughts upon first walking onto the new Myst Island in full 3D motion was a single word - ""Wow"". Granted, the graphics here aren't perfect either, and there's a lot of improvement that needs to be done - but from the original point-and-click classic to this is a huge leap forward. Simply breathtaking work has been done on this!On the game itself... Myst was considered the game that really cinched the idea of CD-ROM drives in computers. If it weren't for this classic game by Cyan (now Cyan Worlds), the concept of computer gaming might not have caught on as readily as it has. Myst sets the standard for point and click adventure puzzle games, and many of the puzzle adventure games we have today owe a great deal to it. It is a great puzzle game with tough challenges that will make you think in different ways, from spatial relations to simple addition, logical leaps to sound-based puzzles and even a maze or two. Despite its difficulty and brain-teasing nature, Myst greatly rewards exploration, not with pickups or special items, but with amazing graphical design and a relaxing atmosphere that makes the game ideal for playing as a way to unwind after a long, stressful day. I could literally watch the sun rise and set over Myst Island for hours, or listen to the frogsong in Channelwood for ages (pun not intended). The story is simple - a great wrong has happened in the family of a man named Atrus, and his two sons Sirrus and Achenar are the only sources you have on the issue. Atrus himself is AWOL, and the brothers refuse to speak to you unless you bring them pages for the books they are trapped in - and so begins the journey into a tale of intrigue, injustice, and a terrible secret...That said, this game is not for everyone. Those that are not fans of Hunt-The-Pixel puzzles or puzzle games in general will not find much to like here. Those who prefer action are not going to find it here. Those who have no interest in taking the time to apreciate the beauty of little details are not going to enjoy this game. But for those of you who like a good mental challenge, enjoy taking your time, and love puzzle games, this is a must-have. Seriously, every puzzle or point-and-click fan out there OWES it to themselves to obtain either this copy of the game or another copy of realMYST. Just start it up, put on some headphones, and immerse yourself in the beauty of the game's worlds. Newcomers to the series will find a lot to enjoy here - and old friends will find it a wonderful welcome back."
76561197977046086,Recommended,244430,32206275,Posted: 5 June,all,Pyri,"My First point & click game was Myst: Masterpiece Edition, played it back in 2002 or so. From what i remember of it, it had difficult, sometimes unintuitive puzzles, fairly frustrating movement but the story and world that captured my imagination.Fast forward to 2017 and realMyst: Masterpiece edition.This game is gorgeous and atmospheric, the day and night cycle is breathtaking. And the music and ambient sounds really immerse you in the world.I must have also matured enough to grock the puzzles, because while i did not remember any of them from before, they all made sense and are very logical as long as you pay attention to the world around you. What a difference 15 years make :).Finally both choices of movement work fantastic and really make the game a pleasure to play and navigate.This was a very chilled out and enjoyable 7 hours that i will always treasure as part of my gaming life. I can not recommend this version of the game highly enough.If you are a fan on the genre do yourself a favour and buy it, if you are just trying to dip your toes into point & click puzzle/adventure games this is a perfect first game to try."
,Recommended,244430,10914586,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Soroc,"If you were a fan of the original or a new comer, the latest patches have made realMyst: Masterpiece Edition a gem to play again.  One thing to note as of 6/14 the achievements still do not work from what I can tell.  Developer Cyan has stated that they are still in testing and will update further whe they are ready for general public.  The game has classic point and click controls as well as wasd/mouse first person controls.  I personally used the classic controls and instead of shifting panes like it used to do many years ago, now you get a nice walking simulation to the next area of interest. This walk movement simulation can also be scaled faster or slower.  In classic Myst fashion the game is extremely hard with puzzles that stretch across the environments. You have to use memory, sounds, and quickness to complete many puzzles in this fantastic setting.  If you are looking for a new challenge or haven't visited the original myst since the 90's you will be in for a treat with some of the toughest puzzles in any adventure game."
,Recommended,244430,8993150,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Joe Biden,"This is a cautious recommendation from someone who grew up with Myst. A lot of this will be similar to a review for realMyst's original release.This is just as awkward to control as realMyst was, and having to move the mouse to slide a Marker Switch up and down or move the flow controls in Channelwood from side to side is not an easy experience if you are using free movement.This game uses the same movie files from realMyst (the brothers' library videos are the same as the original release, other videos are newer and less-well-acted). Myst: Masterpiece Edition runs like garbage on modern systems--if it runs at all--but at least when you play that you believe that Atrus believes what he's saying and isn't just reciting old dialogue.Having the original gameplay images for Myst pop up when you press Shift (while not using free movement) is a nice touch, though if you are running this on a modern resolution you'll barely be able to see the images in the center of your screen.The sound is as great as it ever was, although just like with realMyst, this version of the game does not completely mute the music at appropriate times (as in the fore-chamber).The music itself is not changed from classic Myst and that's a huge point in this release's favor.I guess there's a flashlight now but having just finished the game I never used it. Not sure what the point of it is unless you're too lazy to turn the crank on the battery in Stoneship. I can't think of any other locations that are very dark and also have something worth seeing. I don't even know what button it is bound to. Probably F.At the end of the day, this is still Myst, and one of the first games to tell a deep story purely by observations of one's environment (Gone Home also does this very well). Modern systems don't have many other ways to play other releases of Myst without jumping through compatibility hoops so having this on Steam is cool---BUT the original release is on iOS in untouched, fully compatible glory.If you own realMyst, this game is 12 bucks instead of 18. Maybe that will help sway you."
76561198011832181,Recommended,244430,28026115,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Athena Knight,"I loved this game when it first came out.  My mum and I would spend hours trying to figure out the puzzles together, taking turns who got the mouse.  It become a tradition to always play this series together over the years as a new one would come out, other games would be solo endevours but MYST and those that followed were always an amazing expereince that we had to share together, no one could see something first."
,Recommended,244430,33584191,Posted: 16 July,all,Pakkidis,"Rating: 8/10Overview: First Person AdventureThe Good:+ Great Graphics being very faithful to the original Myst. Day and Night cycle added for immersion.+ Very distinct ‘levels’ that feel very different from one another and fun to explore.+ Puzzles that are creative and compliment the atmosphere of the world+ Fantastic soundtrackThe Average:+/- Though I love the puzzles there are a few that can be difficult to figure out.+/- This is not a well optimized game, even with a system that should be able to easily play it, maintaining 60fps was very difficult, often hitting 30 fps.Conclusion:This game brings back childhood memories. I feel that if you ever played the original Myst you would enjoy and appreciate this game so much more, however even if you didn’t, this is still a great game to play if you love exploration and puzzle solving."
76561198032150172,Recommended,244430,11892765,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Quas NaArt,"To those of you who have not played Myst before:GET IT. It's an important piece of gaming history, and is a joy to explore. The plot isn't just handed to you - you have to find it, but it's more interesting that way. The music and visuals work well together to create an intriguing ambiance that makes you simply want to learn just what happened to these now-abandoned places.If you have played through it before, consider the following:All the puzzles are the same, the WASD controls can be a little weird at times, and Rime doesn't really add too much.However, it WORKS on modern operating systems, so you don't have to go through a huge rigamarole just to get it working in the first place. Consider the monetary value of your time and, if you don't consider the hassle of finding the proper old Windows emulator just another puzzle, you'll probably come out ahead to just buy this latest version."
76561198279204238,Recommended,244430,31564615,Posted: 5 May,all,maozkov,"I'd say get it on sale only.I picked this up for nostalgia reasons (as I'm sure is primary reason anyone is checking this out). I figured that after not having played it for something like 20 years, the puzzles would mostly be fresh to me. Right out of the gate, I couldn't figure out the first thing I was supposed to do, so I had to cheat and look that up. After that, I found I remembered the game quite well, so the whole thing ended up being pretty short. I finished it in one evening in a matter of hours.Enoyable, but more for the 5 dollar range, I'd say."
76561198025374503,Recommended,244430,23241494,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,tipulsar85,"Games were simpler in 1993, and some times they made you think, without going for a game guide. Myst was one such example it was a first person adventure game in a time in which the big names used a third, and were relased on floppy disks. why did this and Journeyman project get the attention? they were as photorealistic as both the Mac and CGI could get on a game budget. so what is realMyst then? It added something that would get ignored untill the term ""Walking Simulator"" began getting used. free roaming players and the passage of time on the Main Age. So that just leasve us as to why this one has such a long title. this is not a straight port to new hard ware as realMyst was originally made in 2002. It is instead a reabuikld with better graphics, outside of the fmv actors, because the original vids are not the best recording hardware. Still is fun after 20+. Also when can Riven get the same tratment?"
76561197980692627,Recommended,244430,31792081,Posted: 16 May,all,Sholid,"The title is right here. This is a MASTERPIECE.First off, whatever you do, DON'T get ""realMyst"". Get this one. ""realMyst: Masterpiece Edition"". The other one is still Myst, most things are the same (older graphics), but the controls are so crappy, I can't play for more than five minutes. The controls in this one are as comfortable as any other normal first-person game.I loved Myst when it came out. Got it when it first released then. The thing about it is that if you solve all of the puzzles, you can probably speed run the game the next time if you play it too soon. When I got this, it felt brand new. I still caught on to a few puzzles pretty quickly, but the game hadn't been played in a while, and this was a totally new take on the ""point and click"" adventure.The walk around/click around option is great. Like the classic more? Use click around. Want to explore? Use walk around. So great. I explored. Everything looks so nice in this surprisingly Unity Engine game. I've used and played the Unity Engine, and nothing ever felt like this. As official as it already was, this didn't feel like it was redesigned by indies, it felt like a high-budget company (I just mention indies as a large portion of Unity developers are indies).It feels so nice to walk around all of the time. It's relaxing, and some comments here also refer to the original. Various places you go are so different and beautiful looking (I just can't stop saying that). From an island, to a forest, and so on. The current version exclusive place is rather pointless, but hey, who says more is less?In other words, buy this game. Get Riven too. The new version of that will take a long time, so you can go ahead. It's longer and more complicated anyways."
,Recommended,244430,9641605,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,BlueAlopex,"Some parts can get a bit tough, as they don't directly tell you what you can and cannot interact with or the different way you can interact with things. The lore is my personal favorite in the game. Definitely worth a play through."
76561198011070130,Recommended,244430,28218547,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,MiraculousMouse,"If you like really hard puzzle games, instead of the mainstream fairly easy ones, then this will be right up your alley. Already had me stumped a few times and I've only just begun playing it. I wanted a hard puzzle game and I've definitely found it. I'm not going to press the hint button - even if it means wandering around for hours scratching my head :)"
76561197996020757,Not Recommended,244430,9009819,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,El_Tomeq,"30 Mar 2014 :After the last and only update so far the game runs fine, even on MAX settings, but only for about 10-15min, then I have maybe 1 or 2 fps. I have to restart the game and everything is well. Again, for 10-15min. Still waiting for a good patch.7 Feb 2014 :Sorry, but in this state you really can't recommend this game. I'am a huge MYST fan, have all the games, books and everything. So this one I bought the moment I saw it. But on my computer witch is a Intel I7 3630, Geforce 650GT with 2 GB DDR5 RAM, and 16 GB of RAM this game is unplayable. If it is on low details or on high details it dosen't matter. This game needs a patch. AND soon. I want to play it !!! I looks amazing, and to replay MYST with such wonderfull graphics will be amazing, but at least 30fps would be nice :)"
76561198013772199,Recommended,244430,22685635,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,IanTud,"Really well polished. I've always wanted to play Myst, I'm glad they released a newer version."
,Recommended,244430,20886454,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,[GND] Jester,"Disclaimer: I had never played any Myst game before playing this one.  So nostalgia isn't a factor here.  With that being said, this game is incredible.  It is so beautiful in its setting, visuals, and soundtrack.  The premise is intriguing, the exploration is marvelous with stunning environments.  It's a mesmerizing, alien world, I was absolutely enthralled while playing.It can be annoying that the player can only hold one page at a time though.  An annoying synthetic limitation.Regarding performance, it actually does run better if you first set it to minimum settings and then to maximum or whatever it is you want to run.  It is indeed poorly optimized, but it makes you forget that quickly."
,Recommended,244430,33362569,Posted: 7 July,all,PCQGames,"Finally, my childhood demons are quelled.The ultimate frustrations of never getting off the island, of desperately flicking switches and pressing buttons with no success have been sated.realMyst includes some nice tweaks, but wisely has kept the game intact, even including the option to play with the original control scheme. Both the original and free roam can be a little clunky, but the game moves much more quickly.Now that I've finally beaten this game, I can safely say MYST remains probably one of the best adventure games ever made. The style, sound design, acting and puzzle integration are something you would think every adventure game designer would have picked up on. While Myst has a reputation for being cryptic and difficult, I contend that's nostalgia talking. Lack of inventory eliminates tedious item-hunting and the frustration of throwing things at the wall until something sticks. The structure of the game immerses the player in the puzzles/realms rewarding them by revealing more and more story, rather than having a linear plot be bottlenecked by puzzles as obstacles.I would also like to give the developers of realMyst on making the in game walkthroughs spoiler-preventative, though I rarely had to consult them, given the quality of game/puzzle design. Still a classic, still worth playing."
,Recommended,244430,12177628,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Lincoln Balloon,"Oh god the nostalgia...the nostalgia man.Myst was one of the first games I ever played as a child.  It helped shape the future of adventure games, and became the definitive PC game of the early to mid '90s, only being outsold by the Sims as late as 2002.  Myst is a timeless tale of a mysterious island filled with books that transport you to new and fantastic locales.  Ever played a game where you point and click through different scenes?  Myst probably inspired it.It wasn't until the last few years or so before I realized just how much Myst really affected me as a gamer.  I believe that everyone's gamer identity is in part defined by the games you are first exposed to.  So it makes sense to me why I have such a love of atmosphere and immersion, because Myst had that in spades.  There's nothing quite like standing on the shores of the island, listening to the wind and the waves.The game is primarily puzzle based, and that's where most people take issue with Myst.  The puzzles are often complicated and convuluted.  This remake edition solves some of it, but there's still a lot of head scratching.  Myst operates by its own set of rules that you have to figure out as you go along.  The game doesn't have a tutorial, or a compass, or anything telling you where to go or what to do (although this edition comes with a hint guide in case you're truly lost).  It is really a game about exploration and discovery.  And believe me, solving a puzzle on your own is a fantastic sensation.realMyst: Masterpiece Edition may be a little pricey at nearly twenty bucks, but it all depends on your viewpoint.  For me, it was worth it.  For some just coming into the series, it might seem a little like price gouging.  But if you're interested, I highly recommend checking out this standout title from gaming's youth.  This new edition enhances the graphics and includes the free form movement from the original realMyst, making it (in my opinion) the definitive edition of Myst.  So whether you're just an old fan looking for a trip down nostalgia lane, or a new arrival, Myst welcomes you to an adventure of mystery.  Because, after all, perhaps the ending has not yet been written.EDIT: I neglected to mention in my original review that this version of the game is sometimes janky.  It's not optimized very well at times, which might just be due to the Unity engine itself, but I can't be sure.  In any case, it's something you should be aware of if you are thinking of buying it.  I never had slowdown so bad it made the game unplayable, but it did come close in the Selenitic age.  I still consider it the definitive modern edition of the game, but it is certainly not without its faults."
76561197990314940,Recommended,244430,29807266,Posted: 9 February,all,MadCat,"Great remaster of a remaster of Myst! but seriously it looks so good and i loved the care taken with this project, ive had no bugs or performance issues. A very well done touch up to a classic. Its a must buy for puzzle gamers, or the nostalgic 90s gamer."
,Recommended,244430,14288991,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,robohipster,"I wasn't sold on the game after its initial release, but after the improvements v2.0 brought I've fallen head-over-heels in love. This is now my definitive version of the game, and EVERYONE should check it out. Plus, new achievements + fun easter eggs add another layer of enjoyment as well. :)"
76561198116541147,Recommended,244430,27570768,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,mephisto216,"Myst was one of the first games I played, and after clocking up more hours in Myst than in any other game since bar WoW, i finally found my way through to one of the endings.realMyst is a most fitting tribute to what was at the time a game like no other, by immortalising the original Myst game in a modern 3D immersive free-roaming version which remains true to its history, this game will continue to be legendary for many years to come."
76561198357151444,Recommended,244430,31547602,Posted: 4 May,all,deelwurf,"Absolutely loved this game!  Only ever played Myst before on really bad ports of the original (which there seem to be an abundance of).  This game allows you to play in ""classic"" and ""freeroam"" mode.  I found ""classic"" mode with Move Speed set to the highest value was a good approximation of the original thing (but with much better graphics).I was actually quite surprised by how not difficult and short of a game this was.  The puzzles are very cryptic but once you start to understand how the developers think it's really not that hard.  Everything you need to do is literally spelled out for you.  I found Day of the Tentacle to be a much harder game.  The keys to success in Myst are simple:  Read and Observe.There is some thinking outside of the box at times.  It may be tempting to try ""brute forcing"" your way through puzzles but that is not how the game was meant to be played (there is only one place I know of where this is required and takes forever in this version).  There was one puzzle where I wrote a program to simulate it's behavior and tested all possible combination in the simulations just to learn the way I was approaching it would never solve!  So be warned about brute forcing!From what I can tell there are no closing credits.  I had beat the game and spent a little bit of time trying to figure out what to do next.  I can't really say much more about this without spoiling anything.  Great game though and highly recommended/required for anybody who calls themselves a ""nerd."""
76561198152500135,Not Recommended,244430,12003354,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,bill82438,"MYST does not appear to work with windows 8.1, 64 bit systems.  The problems experienced are the following: 1: when in the cabin by the tree, match will not ignite the boiler whether or not the red control wheel is turned all the way to the right or anywhere in between.  2: After setting the power generators to 59, the two towere with the switches have the switches in the up position and will not transfer to the down position.  The rocketship door will not open.  3: A MYST book is available in the ship by the dock and transfers to the ship in the rock where the following issues occur: 1. Water drained from stateroom, but two map globes remain blurry and do not clear up.  The white paper in the dresser cannot be read.  2: water drained from the lighthouse, but key will not allow itself to be picked up and cannot open box in basement or  open loft in lighthouse lock.  3:when looking through the spyglass on vision is blurred and will not clear up.  These problems were reported to the MYST support group but after 4 days there was no response from them nor was there even an acknowledgement of problem received.  I recommend that if your pc is working with win 8.1 that you do not purchase this game because it will probably not work and you will lose your money.bill82438@aol.com"
76561198111546721,Recommended,244430,13512407,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Vegan Health,"I gotta say, this is a challenging game that would challenge even the most observant of people. That being said the game includes a VERY good guide that can break down tasks for you without giving the answer away. It gives the option of giving you little hints, and you can request more all the way up to them giving you the flat out answer if you get tired of it. This allows for puzzle-solving on all levels and gives anyone a chance.I didn't want to flat out bash this game without mentioning the parts they did do well. However, the game mechanics can be very hindering and not smooth. So much to the point that if you are under a structure (such as a stairwell), and the game glitches you will find yourself stuck there and without frequent saving you are fuc*d. This happened to me and caused me a lot of stress. I only save when im done playing due to the fact that you cannot die in this game since it is solely puzzle-solving. I did not expect a simple enviromental bug to ruin my quest, and I am considering laying it down as I may not have the patience to recall and redo all my work only to find another bug down the road. Because of the unstability even after their ""patch"", I cannot recommend this game.UPDATE:After re-loading the game it finally allowed me to escape, I was able to make it to the end of the game. Although SPOILER ALERT!!!!!!!!!!-----------------I didn't like how they made you finish the same age in order to get both pages, rather than allowing you to carry both. While it was rewarding getting through the ages, I did not want to go through them again, but also the allowed hints and this not being tied to the ""correct ending"" was enough for me to change my vote to recommended!"
,Not Recommended,244430,23915322,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,jameslucas,"Fall of 1993 saw the release of two video games that were as different as night and day but shared two things: they both had four-letter names and they would both absolutely dominate the field untilHalf-Lifecame along a half-decade later. Of those two games,Doomwas unmistakably the night,Mystthe day.Doomcoursed with motion.Mystheld the gaze with its clarity.This clunky 3d port is a sad echo of that original and does practically nothing to convey the shocking sharpness of the 1993 version. Whereas the old slideshow version was confined to a now inconceivably small window, it did push the limits for its time and rarely overplayed its hand. This one is full of bad texture-mapping and barely passable lighting. Compared to the loving upkeep theHalf-Lifeseries has received in recent years, this hackneyed conversion is just painful to witness.(Regarding the gameplay—it's almost inevitable that the puzzles in a game so far ahead of its time would age badly, but generallyMysthas done better than could be expected on that front. Compared to its first sequel,Riven, the structure feels more than a little contrived, but the puzzles are reasonably well balanced between codes, mazes, and mechanical mysteries.)"
,Recommended,244430,23161218,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Sunshine Rain,"Really great remake of Myst!  Well, a remake of a remake...If you're confused about the differences between the different versions of Myst on steam, then get this one!This if the only version with Achievements AND Trading Cards!Also, the Rime Age (only on Realmyst and Realmyst Masterwork) is kinda neat!WARNING!  WARNING!  I have no idea why, but this game... either wipes its individual achievements occasionally, or they pinged in-game but not on Steam itself for some weird reason... I had to redo my achievements up to the end of Channelwood (first age I explored).Also, the Perfect ATU achievement was weird, and didn't ping in-game for me, but when I alt-tabbed to Steam, it showed up.  Also, somehow fell into the water in Stoneship Age somehow and it respawned me at the beginning of the age.All in all, a few glitches, but nothing too gamebreaking, and pretty easy to 100%.Definitely get this if you want another game for trading cards and more 100% games achievement-wise.NOTE:  I say this game is easy, but I remember all the puzzles from doing it as a kid... most people will probably want to consult a strategy guide or a walkthrough unless they want to toggle the same few switches on the first island for a few hours, wondering what in the world they have to do...  This game is not very self-explanatory puzzle-wise."
,Recommended,244430,9883032,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Lareson,"I specifically remember playing Myst back when I was 5 or 6, didn't realize what I was doing at the time, but I thought it was really cool how the game looked and played. This was basically the game that made me really like computer games.Fast forward 20+ years and we have this, realMyst, completely rebuilt from the ground up using a modern engine and graphics.  For the first time, you are able to walk around the island and the Ages, able to take in every detal. The only things that were kept from the original Myst were the sound files and the original actor videos. I'm very happy to finally play Myst the way I believe it was meant to be. Not only has this pretty much been a nostalgia trip for me, it also brings Myst to the modern age where high graphics and the ""first person"" dominates so today's generation can appreciate the game.I really hope that a Riven version is being worked on, but I can imagine the difficulty in that due to the size of it compared to Myst.I highly recommend anyone get this, whether you traveled to Myst 20 years ago, or are looking to get into the series now, this is the perfect way to bring yourself into the world of Myst."
,Recommended,244430,9858471,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Spychosis,"This is it. The classic point&click adventure game that was the best selling game until the 2000s. I mean really, not much has to be said. Once you set the graphics to stop being dynamic and start being fantastic the game really gives the old gal new life. The framerate will be terrible, but it doesn't need to be 60fps for this genre (in classic mode). Stoneship looks phenomenal; Selentic looks fantastic; and Mechanical is blue crystal eye-candy. My only gripe is Channelwood isn't misty and rainy, but more a cheerfully clear rainforest type of place (needs more grunge). Take a walk down Myst Island in glorious HD--it really is something. *Just remember to play the Mechanical Age before the Selenitic Age so you know what to do.*"
76561198039894642,Recommended,244430,9782264,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,danielhart266,Love the Myst series & now with the masterpiece addition of real myst & the fact i got a auto 33% offf makes this even better.
,Recommended,244430,9563168,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Shadolith,"Gorgeous visual makeover, fantastic environments, engrossing puzzles. Definitely worth it."
,Recommended,244430,9654041,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Marty,"A year or so ago I was feeling nostalgic, and I attempted to load up my old copy of the original realMyst (from disc). Sadly, the game simply won't run on a modern machine without constantly crashing, and I gave up hope of experiencing the game again. So I was all the more delighted when I found out about realMyst: Masterpiece Edition, which I picked up the day it was quietly released on Steam. I'm glad to say that this game has all the greatness of the original, with the added bonus of better graphics and the inclusion of the original game's artwork.For the uninitiated, realMyst is the 3D recreation of the original Myst game, which was released all the way back in 1993. Once an adventure created through still images and small inset videos, the world is fully eplorable and features all the neat things one expects to see in modern 3D game worlds, thanks to the Unity game engine. Added ambient effects include a day/night cycle and weather on Myst and many of the Ages, motion blur, depth of field, and a toggleable flashlight. It's also possible to set the game to jump between all the camera angles from the original game, but transition in 3D between clicks. It's a little bit bumpy at times, but helps strike a good balance between the new graphics and the underlying game of the past.All the familiar sound effects and music from the original game are here as well, only in higher fidelity.I have only minor complaints with realMyst: ME - mostly surrounding disparities between the control mechanics of certain puzzles, but none of which are really worth mentioning here. I also feel like some of the textures and 3D models could have been created at a higher resolution in places, but overall, things look pretty good.I definitely recommend realMyst: Masterpiece Edition. It's a mostly faithful remake of Myst, and a great way to see the game realized on modern hardware, for fans of the series and newcomers alike."
,Recommended,244430,16458572,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Ordainty,"I have yet to find another game so challenging and yet so rewarding! If only other games were as good! I highly recommend this game to anyone and everyone. The sense of accomplishment is unreal, and they remade it so you can freewalk rather than point and click so it's even better now!"
,Recommended,244430,10317070,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Halflight,"Myst is an old, classic adventure game from 1993 that casts you on the mysterious island of Myst. You will have to visit different worlds (or,better said, ages) on the behalf of two brothers, Sirrus and Achenar, who are trapped inside their own books and need your help to be released. To this end, you must collect magic pages that are scattered around the various ages.Myst is a pretty non-linear game: you can access every level from Myst in any order you choose (provided you found the way in) and can decide to return to areas you've already explored later. Myst's puzzles remain fair from the most part, with only some rare exceptions. One could argue that the game could have used an inventory system for the pages: you can carry only one page at a time and, should you find another one and pick it up, the previous one will be returned to its own location. The level's design was Myst's strongest suit at the time of its release and is still noticeable to this day. It's worth mentioning however that the tile is rather short, clocking about five or six hours.This updated release introduces full 3D navigation for the whole game's world, updated graphics and a bonus (albeit short) age, Rime. The new controls are comfortable enough, although a little unresponsive during some transictions, and the new models give Myst much more life"
76561198129135476,Recommended,244430,16402910,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Inkweaver333,"What can I say? I played Riven once as a twelve year old...couldn't solve the puzzles to save my life, but even then I was impressed by the music, the designs, and most of all, the atmosphere. It stuck with me. Now, thanks to steam, I can start replaying all the worlds I got a mere taste of as a kid. Myst, the first game that introduces me to all the characters I love...Atrus and Catherine and Ti'Anna. His two insane sons. Gameplay wise, the graphics and controls are super improved. There's very little video in the game, although sometimes the sound can be off at those times. But the music and the puzzles are fantastic, and the lore is rich and detailed. Great way to feel super smart and awed at the same time! Would and probably will play again!Also Nominated for Test of Time."
,Recommended,244430,33958799,Posted: 1 August,all,Zyklon Buttplug,I remembered the puzzles being a lot harder to solve when I was a kid. Still great though. All the nostalgic bits with the annoying parts like loading time smoothed out.
76561197983169675,Recommended,244430,25413948,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Pingvinen,"Reminds me of the young days where I was clicking around the Island of myst, knowing nothing about what I was doing, just taking in the weird and mystic scenery.I have played it many times since and it never dissappoints and the graphic update doesn't destroy the feeling of Myst. Recommended to all curious types who doesn't need constant action and no-brainer difficulty level.Only problem is the ""Hint"" section which practically is a walkthrough – the game shouldn't support such an easy play through: If you never yourself overcome the problems and frustrations you meet in the game, you will never feel the achievement of overcomming them. So the possibility to plainly see the answers to riddles in-game can potentially be game breaking for lazy players.Though it will indeed be worthwhile to put some hours into exploring the Island of Myst and it still holds as one of my favorite games here more than 20 years later.PS make the rest of the series for MAC! Otherwise I will have to by a second windows computer."
,Recommended,244430,9074756,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Ruin,"If you don't like tutorials or games telling you what to do, this is the game for you"
76561197999673246,Recommended,244430,9068584,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Urbanwolf,"I own every verson of Myst released on steam. Finally a good, playable version of the game that is a great trip down memory lane."
76561198040210064,Recommended,244430,9071459,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,darksteel_the_mercenary,new look on old game
,Recommended,244430,9036192,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,foxtrix,"I'm playing this right now and I'm very impressed.The Myst games are still to this day very unique games. These games have always been about discovery, exploring very well crafted and believable alien worlds, and figuring out how the environments, natural and man-made structures in these worlds work. Learning the backstory and lore of each world also adds a lot to the experience (in the games this is usually done by reading journals). For me, they are a great and relaxing experience of discovery, and I wish there were more games like this.So far I've explored Channelwood, Stoneship age and Myst Island, and I believe this game is to date the best representation of the worlds of Myst 1. The game has greatly enhanced textures, lighting, shadows and water compared to the original Real Myst, and the fact that you can move freely and that the worlds are much more dynamic compared to the original Myst adds a lot to the experience. The worlds are now more believable than ever, with great attention to detail: the day/night cycles are amazing to watch, the sky, moon, clouds, lighting, water, dense vegetation, and several nice touches like different elements appearing at night... the flashlight is also a nice touch.The main negative aspect of the game for me has already been pointed out by others, and that is the bad performance. The game indeed seems to be poorly optimized, and sometimes it stutters briefly. But it is not so bad as I have everything maxed out at 1920x1200 and in general it runs fairly well on my computer. I seem to get an average of 30fps, which is perfectly playable for this kind of game. I have an i7-2600k@4.4GHz and a GTX 560Ti (I don't know if the game is more cpu bound or gpu bound, and from what I've read others seem to be getting a worse experience). I haven't experienced any bugs or crashes.All in all, I think this game is well worth it for any fan of Myst."
76561197965054183,Recommended,244430,16431133,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Serest,"One of the original games I ever played on a PC.  This remastered, modern day version really brings back a lot of great memories of the original game.10/10."
,Recommended,244430,9012038,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,DriftNinjaElite,"This game was a true masterpiece of its time. I remember playing this game on an old pentium computer on Windows 98. Now it has been recreated beautifully and combined with the Masterpiece edition. Dear Valve thank you for giving me the awesome opporitunity to play this game again.For those who love adventure games, a little spookyness and perhaps never got to play Myst back in the day, now is your chance. Take it. Lots of great storytelling and you will see why this game spawned a legacy."
76561198050085494,Recommended,244430,33146584,Posted: 2 July,all,anxietydecending,"It's Myst, baby.A good way to spend a sunday afternoon."
,Recommended,244430,8998065,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Ho11ows,"Nostalgia... nostalgia all over the place.Takes me back to my first exposure of computer games from when my dad and sister would play the Myst series. I was too young then to actually understand, but I always watched. Now I have a chance to play it myself in an up to date version of this classic that makes the experience much more engaging and exciting."
76561198028066825,Recommended,244430,9073075,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Brassman,"This review was negative when the game launched, due to several issues with game optimization.  A patch on February 27 corrected most of these errors, and the game behind them is the same MYST as always.Now that this game is far more likely to run on your system, the question left is whether or not you should buy this instead of the first RealMYST. I believe it is a matter of preference. RealMYST runs almost perfectly fluid and costs less than half the price of the masterpiece edition.  On the other hand, this modern update boasts new textures, lighting effects and post processing effects that can make the gameworld seem more alive. Despite these improvements, the masterpiece edition's textures are still noticeably bad by modern standards (particularly the leaves on trees). The game still appears to require more resources than one might think necessary to run smoothly.Ultimately I think whether these improvements are worth the cost is a question best left to you. The game is playable now, and I will honor my original statement and recommend it."
,Recommended,244430,10857826,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,JustCallMeDEW,This is an amazing game for when it was released. It is still fun to play even today. I played it with my family as a child and went back today to actually finish it. I highly recommend giving it a play through if you never have. =]
,Recommended,244430,25060788,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Agal59,"Great game.  I see people having problems with lockups, bad images, poor framerates, etc., etc.  I don't.  We're all playing the same game; only difference is the computers we're using.  The game is playing flawlessly for me.  I love it.  Some complain there is a need to walk through an age several times to retrieve all the information.  For me, that is an opportunity to see things I've not noticed and to enjoy the environment yet again.  Some complain about the balance of music, environment sound, and character voices.  For some reason I hear all of this very clearly; one does not overwhelm the other.  At least for me, no problems at all.  Personal preferences for how game controles should work; I have none.  Others seem to attribute their preferences to game flaws.  I have, and still enjoy the leasurly pace, great artwork, and thoughtful puzzles. I hope you do also."
76561198048290490,Recommended,244430,17326079,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,willerxxmiller,Played this game as a kid and loved it. Played it again now and love it even more.
,Recommended,244430,11720160,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Gamer4Life137,NOSTALGIA! SO. MUCH. NOSTALGIA! My childhood is now in HD. Finished the whole thing in one sitting. Should probably take a restroom break now...
76561198027686110,Not Recommended,244430,9580033,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Karasun,"The same game as realMyst only it seems half the graphics were upgraded, while half were downgraded or not changed at all. The movement is not as intuitive or smooth as the original realMyst. A sad release that could've been awesome had a bit more time and polish been put into it. Lighting effects and a flashlight are added and add to the game, but still if you've never played Myst buy the Masterpiece edition or the original realMyst."
,Recommended,244430,24780903,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,stud915,Cant go wrong with Myst and when its made to free roam with updated graphics its even better.
76561198020506980,Recommended,244430,26486923,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Oybluz,"A great opportunity to discover the masterpiece that is Myst, with a more modern look. If you played Myst in the old days though, you might be disappointed (as a lot of people are disappointed when replaying a game they used to play long ago, or when playing a""remake"" of a game they liked)."
76561198065465977,Recommended,244430,21990628,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Six Six Sick,Oh a lever? It does nothing? Well get used to it because that's what this game is all about?
76561197963252113,Recommended,244430,10104771,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,GravyGoat,"So...I gave this a ""yes"" vote mainly because there isn't a ""maybe"".  The orignal Myst was one of the all-time greats, but it has to be taken in the context of the time when it appeared.  21 years have passed since then and it certainly wouldn't do so well today, when people expect full 3D accelerated graphics, full motion video, etc.  realMyst is an attempt to remake the game with these expectations in mind, perhaps to introduce the game to a new audience, to draw back folks like me who played it when it was new, and of course, to make a few bucks.  By the way, this is the third time they've updated the game and re-released it (not counting ports of the original game to many platforms).So how well does it work?  Well, it's not great - pretty good maybe.  The 3D engine seems poorly optimized.  Even on decent hardware it runs slowly, especially with the graphics cranked up.  The controls are clumsy, especially the mouse-look functions.  For some reason the game is very dark - they added day/night cycles and it seems to be perpetually night, and indoor locations are often so dark as to be unplayable.  For this reason, a flashlight has been added to the game, which is a necessity most of the time, but it really takes away from the game's visuals to only be able to see well in the spotlight.On the other hand, everything from the original game is here, you can move around somewhat unrestricted compared to the static screens in the original game, and when the lights are on it looks pretty nice.  The story is somewhat timeless and still ""plays"" well today.Here are a few notes on what I had to do to make the game playable (on a system with a 3.4 Ghz core i7 processor, 16 gigs of ram and a Radeon HD 6970M graphics chipset with another gig of ram).1. Turn down the resolution2. Turn down some of the effects3. Learn to ALWAYS mouse-look with the right mouse button - you don't have to do this while walking, but you do have to do this while standing still, and switching back and forth between methods is too confusing4. Keep the flashlight on at all times except when the glare obscures something on the screen5. Press shift while walking to speed up - otherwise movement is very slowA couple of other notes - there are a ton of hint guides for this game.  Try not to use them.  It's not a long game, the puzzles are meant to be challenging, and if you buzz through it with a lot of hints it will definitely not be worth $18.  Some of the hint guides may even be wrong in some particulars (correction, ARE wrong in some particulars).  Look at everything.  READ everything.  Take notes.  Relax and play at an easy pace.  Despite being 21 years old, Myst still has a great story, some neat moments, some fun puzzles - it CAN be worth the $18."
76561197965740181,Recommended,244430,9489622,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,peepin ur gurl,"realMyst with updated graphics, not incredible but decent enough. Still uses the same movies and soundtrack files. It has cards! If you love Myst or you've never played it before, give a try. Performance issues appear to now be fixed except in one or two places, mainly on Myst island unfortunately, but smooth gameplay everywhere else."
,Recommended,244430,10372894,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,WheatleyDL,"Finally Mac users have a version of Myst. The graphics are beautiful, the worlds are just as amazing, and the post-game is superb. The only downsides are the control scheme, and framerate issues on some of the higher graphical settings. All in all, FANTASTIC!"
,Recommended,244430,26461321,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Syouko,"Easier than I remember it being when I played it as an elementary school kid, but that's to be expected.  Had to reduce the graphics settings a lot to make it run smoothly, but that only made it look more authentic!That damn music puzzle in the rocket though. Half an hour of moving the notes up and down barely changing the pitch.  ♥♥♥♥ music puzzles."
,Recommended,244430,33685869,Posted: 20 July,all,PickledRiceBall,So pretty! Always loved this beautiful game.
,Recommended,244430,11012475,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,OPTX,Dirty casuals need not apply.
,Recommended,244430,12797537,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Gyme,"Updated graphics from the original. Loved it. Same Myst feel, just looks better and plays a little smoother."
,Recommended,244430,13987648,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Slick Fingarz,"it's Myst, Remasted to the height of mid 2000's technology."
,Recommended,244430,13010755,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,RUBEN -B-,"A Must have for Every Myst fan! Beautifull envoirements, atmospheric gameplay, just amazing!"
,Recommended,244430,26159381,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,sophie9709,"Back to the FutureWant to know why point and click games became really popular? This game is one of the reasons. It is definitely a classic that holds up really well, up to the point I sometimes forget this game debuted in 1993. It seems as if since then most puzzle games have walked in its footsteps. I do recommend that you get the Masterpiece Edition because the 3D modeling makes the game play more like a modern open-world sandbox rather than a cheap slideshow style that is the default format for more recent point and click games. This edition definitely has more polish to it as well with more detailing. Two minor nitpicks though: the controls are unresponsive at times and the day-night cycle is annoying, particually if you are trying to see puzzles in the middle of the night. Yes, there is a torch, but the dim light it emits is more suited for a horror film. But otherwise this is a really cool game.P.S. I got to this game not because of my father, but because I was looking for alternatives to this other game, which I really love. It is like a more modern version of Myst.http://store.steampowered.com/app/288160/"
76561198070301118,Recommended,244430,16478362,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,MuaDib,"I was so happy to find a newer version of this game that I could play on my newer computer. Beat it in about two hours. Beautiful, and just as fun as ever."
,Recommended,244430,16461742,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Tossing Ankle High Rocket Sauce,"realMyst is a graphically updated of the 1993 Cyan game Myst.  Myst is a puzzle game where you play as a character whom we don't know the name of, and we are given virtually no backstory.  But by going to different 'ages' through books and solving puzzles, more and more of the truth is revealed.  I won't give any major plot spoilers for those who want to really want to invest themselves in finding out the story, but for those who want just a bit of backstory, here you go:The background of your own character is unknown and there is no way of finding out who you are immediately.  You stumble upon a note from a man named Atrus.  Atrus writes ""linking books,"" which are books used to travel between different ages.  Atrus has a wife, Catherine, whom we don't meet, and two sons, Sirrus and Achenar.  Sirrus and Achenar are each trapped in linking books, and they want your help to get out, but there is a catch:  They each say that the other brother is not to be trusted.  They each say that Atrus met a terrible fate at the hands of the other brother.  It is up to the player to uncover the truth.Overall, this game gets a 10/10 from me, it excells in every single aspect that puzzle games should have.  Everyone will love this game, even though it can be frustrating at times.  Enjoy!"
,Recommended,244430,10554826,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,xXChefSDXx,This is the best game of all times imho.And this Masterpice edition makes the graphics alot better. It looks amazing :)So buy the game and start using that brain of yours. Prepare to be amazed :)
,Recommended,244430,9011769,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,jd1818,"Great game and looks good with updated graphics, unfortuantly there seems to be a problem with studder when grass is enabled on almost every graphics card (my card is a gtx 680 4gb vram) still studders but if i go to the advanced settings and turn off grass it runs smooth as butter. Also the frame rate is capped at 30fps if you have vsync enabled and 60fps without it so I turned it off and turned on vsync in nvidia control panel under 3d settings for the realmyst masterpiece exe. other than those problems the game is very good and I would recommend it to anyone who is either a fan or someone who just wants to see what myst is all about!"
,Recommended,244430,9015985,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Velfolt,"This game has been with me my whole life. This edition was really great, although somewhat unoptimized. It should run better on my hardware (both Macbook Pro Retina 15"" and pc with amd r9 280x and core i7 with 16 gbs of ram).I can't wait to play this with the Oculus Rift.. that has GOT to be the best way to experience Myst..."
76561198014935958,Recommended,244430,8999686,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Krocin,"This is my first time back into Myst since I was 7 and I never knew how much I had missed. The puzzles in the game, while not hard, are pretty clever and make you a little paranoid about missing clues.This version in particular looks pretty good as a whole. Being able to play in a proper resolution in 16:9 is great and the journal entries are much easier to read then in previous versions.The biggest issue is very poor optimization. On the highest graphic settings the frame rate makes it completely unplayable. Even at lower settings the FPS will drop often. At the lowest settings the game runs fine but then it looks like the original MYST so what is the point.This game is still great but if you don't have a beefy gaming rig I suggest waiting until this version gets some TLC from the Devs. to fix the frame rate issues."
76561198012243062,Recommended,244430,29379052,Posted: 20 January,all,The_mossman85,"This is a great version of MYST!I'm a big fan of the series, and this was a great way to celebrate it's 20th anniversary.Also there's lots of fun stuff to find after you beat the game.Gotta love Cyan."
,Recommended,244430,13100621,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,We do it,"Finally, a version of Myst that will bring your computer to its knees."
,Recommended,244430,13511343,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Rick,"Very nice remake of the original! I don't suffer from bad performance (i7 4790K and GTX 770), even on the highest settings; the only stuttering occurs in the linking book movies so far. Actually walking around instead of jumping (as in the original) is also a nice improvement. Additionally, the lighting effects are quite awesome! If you liked the original, or even if you didn't play the original at all, I can totally recommend this version!"
,Recommended,244430,8999112,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,WildKarrde,"http://youtu.be/W79CC2EW4voMyst was first released to critical acclaim in 1993, 21 years ago! Seven years later, in 2000, RealMyst was released. A game that took the slideshow world of Myst and turned it into a living, breathing real 3D game world. Now, 14 years later, in 2014, comes RealMyst Masterpiece Edition! Some say that this is just a cheap port, others say it's a money grab. The truth of the matter is that it is an entirely new engine, built from the ground up, to give us the greatest version of Myst ever created. Not only does this game include graphical updates, but the control system is much better as well. No, it's not the most graphically advanced came of the decade, but it's advanced enough that old fans will appreciate it, and new fans will be born from it.If you have been a fan of the Myst series for the last 20 years, this is a great platform to revisit the world from. If you are new to the Myst world, be aware, this game is probably unlike anything else you have seen. There are no tutorials, and the storyline is a mystery for most of the game. The visuals are exciting and the puzzles are mystifying. This game is entirely about the journey, not the end. So enjoy it while it lasts.This video is for those of you like me, who loved the original RealMyst, but want to see how it really stacks up to the newest version of the game.Here is another video that compares the original 1993 Myst to RealMyst Masterpiece. The photo's are available in-game when you use the classic control mode, and press the shift key.http://youtu.be/Na81ftiGHx0"
,Recommended,244430,9003041,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,RpTheHotrod,"Absolutely recommend this game. It's an oldschool exploration puzzle game that's been re-made with some modern graphics. It's a classic and I grew up on this game...has a sacred meaning to me, believe it or not."
,Recommended,244430,13455344,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Justice_Itself,"Oh, the nostalgia"
,Recommended,244430,33019876,Posted: 29 June,all,Nebulous Idea,Old but gold
76561198115245403,Recommended,244430,11775030,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Zirrno,Was a great puzzle game. It keeps you interested and has a few turns in the story line to keep you playing.
,Recommended,244430,34423761,Posted: 22 August,all,Verdantil,"Tags: Adventure - WC - Walking ClickerTLDR: Most current version of the classic. Played smoothly and looked half decent from a short test playthrough.Has a full engine and you transition on rails from spot to spot as you click, making a convincing showcase that you could had just had a walking simulator or first person puzzler instead of a clicker based interface. Otherwise this is the most up to date and definitive edition of the classic Myst title. Between realmyst, myst masterpiece edition, classic myst there is a lot of abandonware myst releases and this is the one to use as a staple at the time of writing to evaluate and discard others."
,Recommended,244430,23877657,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Amateur Gamer,"Finally, after 6 years, I have beaten this game. I swear, the puzzle in order to get to the Selenetic Age was the ♥♥♥♥ing devil for me. Now, after finishing it in this remastered version, I couldn't be happier. A few framerate issues and the lighting is a bit too dim, but aside from that, this is pretty much the best version of the game you can get.EDIT: I fund out that it was actually the fact that I was using an HDMI cable on my moniter instead of a VGA that was causing my brightness to be so dim. After playing it with a VGA cable, everything looks significantly brighter."
,Recommended,244430,30482473,Posted: 12 March,all,Firebolt98,A fantastic update of an incredible game
,Recommended,244430,19278170,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Musical_life,"As someone who played Myst back when it was released in 1993, this is a glorious nostalgia trip! We actually still have the original guide book in mint condition (long since oop).If you're in your 30s and remember the original like I do, pick it up today.If you're younger than that and like open world puzzle games, pick it up now! You will not regret it.I for one hope Cyan decides to release an updated Riven and Exile, I have the 10th Anniversary edition, but that was just the original versions of the first three games and not a true rebuild like realMyst Masterpiece is."
,Recommended,244430,19062588,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,I was a drab little crab once,"I mostly enjoyed Myst (realMyst: Masterpiece Edition). It has a lot of interesting puzzles (some much more difficult than others), and doesn't explicitly tell you how to solve any of them (or even really give you hints unless you consult an ingame advice book). This is both a good thing and a bad thing, in my opinion. It allows the player to feel a sense of accomplishment when they make progress, but can occasionally cause the player to feel frustrated and lost - then again, I imagine that's the sense the developers wanted to portray at points in the game. Despite this being the remastered version of Myst, I still feel like parts of the game haven't really aged well. For example, many of the clicking mechanics feel off, some of the cutscenes are extremely low-quality, and the free-roam mode doesn't always control well (but is still much better than the point-and-click mode). Overall, there were some parts of the story that I didn't like, but the different worlds and puzzles made the game pretty interesting."
76561198065495155,Recommended,244430,22659784,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,KasaiNoOkami,amazing game the first game I ever 100 %.
,Not Recommended,244430,21952849,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,LoliPop,Dont play this game if your looking for achievments since theres still a bug where apparently all your progress gets reset for no reason.
,Recommended,244430,16809414,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Wlil,"The new and improved look to the game makes the experience even more enjoyable than it was many years ago, as the new 3D look as opposed to the less intuitive 2d screenshot-like play makes the environments even more immersive. I am so glad I had the opportunity to play my favorite childhood game again."
76561198378137680,Recommended,244430,31141758,Posted: 14 April,all,jhensley43,have enjoyed the new remake of the program
76561198121160294,Recommended,244430,28779598,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,fabienrenaud.fr,"Just as good as the original and better.If you already know Myst, go for it, this is the HD version with modern platforms and controls support.If you don't know Myst, be ready to take note of everything you see, read and hear and have fun exploring! :)"
,Recommended,244430,33332134,Posted: 6 July,all,Phil Collins,Greatest Adventure game except for Obduction from the same makers.
,Recommended,244430,10811078,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,goka9696,HOW THE HELL AM I SUPPOSED TO PLAY THIS GAMEI LIKE PUZZLE GAMESBUT THIS GAME IS TOO SMART FOR MEBRAIN/10
76561198020575563,Recommended,244430,16035107,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,BBQBaconBurger,"This is the best Myst has ever looked. If you ever spent your younger days exploring the different ages of the original MYST, buy this game, you will not regret it."
76561197962277317,Not Recommended,244430,11193896,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,power,"Don't bother.I loved Myst in the old days and was really looking forward to this - tbh I have given these guys money for each and every version released - this update is incremental at best and if it wasn't playing off nostalgia it would be getting scores like 0/10 everywhere.Do not recommend - oh, achievements while I don't care about them all stayed locked even though I completed them.And for the love of god, someone test this on a multi-monitor setup, my pointer would constantly float to my right hand screen.You can be assured there will be another version of this game - heck it might even be good, this one is not that version."
76561198043852183,Recommended,244430,16397373,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,[JEST] TimeBombTom,"played for 41 minutes, solved zero puzzles. Excellent."
,Recommended,244430,28704761,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,zephyr,Classic! wonderfully redone! get it!!
,Not Recommended,244430,15481528,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Fukuro 袋蟻食 Arikui,"Well, I've made it about a fifth of the way through the game or so, and I'm not sure whether or not I really want to put in the necessary effort to finish playing through. Going from what I've played so far (Selenitic Age and part of Channelwood Age) a large proportion of the puzzle solving simply seems to be the grunt work of walking around to get to levers and switches that need turning off/on with the actual working out of the puzzles taking less of the effort. So, having walked around a lot and been unavoidably beeped at by one puzzle over thirty times (urgh!) I don't really know that I want to go on.The controls aren't anything to write home about either. For moving around you have the choice of either Classic Myst or Free Roam modes. Classic Myst just means moving around on rails and clicking to either move forward or turn, and it just felt clunky and restrictive and didn't always go where I wanted it to. As for Free Roam, well, as on the tin it's a lot more freeing and you can move around a lot more smoothly, but it's also a bit harder to interact with the environment and I'd often find myself trying to flick a switch from just a little too far away and having to readjust my distance and try again.Never mind that I've already had the game glitch on me once already switching between the two modes!...And now I have a great nostalgic urge to find a copy of Zork: Grand Inquisitor (which I would recommend playing instead) so I can wash the taste of this clunky game and it's clunky interface out of my brain, but that might just be the boredom and exasperation talking.EDIT: Well, I managed to finish it... and I guess I'm mostly ambivalent. It does probably have a nice feel in places, but I found the controls a bit lacking; the puzzles solving to be about 90% drudgery and about 10% thinking (some of them you can even solve almost by accident); some of the sound effects to be a little grating; and the hammed up poor quality FMV acting to be a bit underwhelming and jarring.As a puzzle game (and I guess as a game in general) I'd probably fail it, and I don't know that it's worth the asking price, but maybe you can just enjoy wandering around the levels? If not there are plenty of free 'room escape' type games online or you could pick up a copy of 'Zork: Grand Inquisitor' or 'The Room' instead and get better value for money."
76561198160285117,Not Recommended,244430,25332445,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Unicycle Bloke,"It runs fine on my Windows 10 machine, and I was really enjoying it. But I keep getting warnings about my core temperature. I've never seen this with any other game. A little investigation showed that my system started to get hotter than I'd like when running the game, even for a few minutes, and cooled down immediately on exiting. Pity. I've been playing the rather more demanding Obduction for hours at a time: no problems at all. FWIW I have an i7 system with a GeForce GTX 760. The mobo is a Sabre X79. I never overclock. Nothing special for gaming, I guess, but should be more than up to this game. I gather this has been a problem for others in the past. I want to recommend it for the puzzles and whatnot, but this issue makes it unusable."
,Recommended,244430,14658538,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,benthic,"Visit Myst, they said.A scenic island of tranquility and solitude, they mused.Don't touch any of the books, they most certainly never mentioned.Also the bathroom is on Rime, they purposefully failed to mention as if out of spite."
76561198175846942,Recommended,244430,20131928,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,bevcrusher,"This was way easier (but still difficult) than I remembered, and it only crashed once."
76561197971776915,Recommended,244430,30883918,Posted: 1 April,all,Daddy24,Just lots of puzzle game fun
,Not Recommended,244430,9187216,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,stupidhaiku,"Buggy, ultra-low-textured, bad framerate.  With more polish it could have been great but alas the original is still the definitive version."
76561197973469026,Not Recommended,244430,24669946,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,CH4RGE,I would really like to play this game and immerse myself in it's deep and rich atmosphere...... but it keeps crashing at random points. Not enjoyable this way.
76561198016926002,Not Recommended,244430,10432091,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,BugoTheCat,"Who the hell designed the interface? I already read about the weird thing, not rotating if not moving, having to press right key. Another thing that annoys me in games is when they don't have invert mouse. I am used to inverted Y, I can get motion sickness or play badly with non-inverted, I am not going to get used to it. So,. I was looking at the settings and said ""Wow, at least they seem to have an invert mouse option"". And it gets even more crazy. The Invert option is only for traditional look (Wat?!) not for FPS controls. And when I put it, it automatically inverts both Y and X (Wtf?). It's two times impractical, I mean not only the FPS control is the one that should have invert, but just Invert Y not also X. Was the person who designed the controls drunk? It totally doesn't make sense. Even the options menu, minor, but the ""X"" at the left, intuitively I think it should be to escape from menu, not quit game. It's totally random and fail. Thank god it's just an adventure game, not needing crazy refleces and might try to play again, to see if I can finish Myst this time (I never liked the originals, never understood the dull world, random levers that you don't know what they do, and I do play traditional adventures. I thought with 3D immersion, maybe I can stay more in it's world and actually solve something)."
,Not Recommended,244430,9098394,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,ArtyTheWise,"Let's start off by saying that this game is great. It's got great HD textures and Camera mobility. You can use the classic Myst point and click option. Also, you can use the Free Roam mode, just like in realMyst. The game is pretty much the same as far as story mode goes, including adding Rime from realMyst. However, I was slighty disappointed when I had to do only 1 puzzle to unlock Rime and do 2 puzzles in that age. The real question is, ""Should I buy it?"". This is only a good purchase, if you're a big fan of the Myst series or you want to experience a more High Definition look to realMyst. Cyan, Inc. are making a new game called Obduction, which was a Kickstarter game that they sucessfully funded just a few months ago. I'm assuming that all the purchases from this game will be put towards that game. Overall, this game is not really worth the buy. If you want a more high playing performance and great graphics gameplay from realMyst, then I would suggest on buying it to help support Cyan, Inc and add it to your collection of Myst games."
76561198155285402,Not Recommended,244430,12263530,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,HonorQuill,"Currently can't recommend.  Does not run on my Windows 8.1 computer.  I open the program, click on the book and am stuck at the Starry screen.  Waste of money until fixed."
76561197971877162,Recommended,244430,8992127,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Asses of Fire,"I grew up playing the original and the ability to walk around myst island with improved graphics is just amazing.  Cyan did a fantastic job with this remake of the realmyst game from 2001 or so. If you love myst then you should fall in love with this version.Summary:In Myst you play an unknown traveller that finds a book somewhere (you don't find this out until you read the Myst novel's.)  Once you open its cover, you are transported to Myst Island.  Once there, the player discovers the lore of the D'ni and how they created links to worlds that already existed in other dimensions through the use of ""The Art.""The Art is a way of creating linking books to other worlds.  You, the player, are in one of those worlds.  Myst Island is a refuge for Atrus and his family.  Through reading the books in the Myst library, you discover everything about Atrus' sons and gain some insight into his travels in other worlds.in Myst, you must solve a way to get back to your world.  From reading certain notes spread thoughout the island and in other worlds, you discover a plot to imprison Atrus and leave him for dead by his wicked sons, Sirrus and Achenar.Conclusion:For its day, Myst was an amazing game and truly the first of its kind on CD-ROM.  Each indidual screen was created on a mac and each time the player clicked forward, they would move to the next pre-rendered screen.  Now, you can move all around freely.  realMyst ME is the definitive edition for the original Myst game.Keep an eye out for the starry expanse project too.  It's a small dev team remaking RIven in Unreal 4.  Riven is the sequel to Myst.  If you've never tried it, at least play the original Riven.  You will feel immersed in both games because there is just so much lore to be found in both."
76561198111980195,Not Recommended,244430,8999668,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,eggroll540,"this game needs major patching, im getting screen flashes into bad fps 4-15 and then good fps 60 then bad. im running a Fx 8350 cpu with 16gb ram at 1756mhz my gpu is ati 5870, i shouldn't be lagging even on the lowest settings. please fix."
,Not Recommended,244430,9003069,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,UrbanMonk,"I was looking foward to Obduction, but if this game is any indication it'll prolly be horrible too.I want to love this game. I really do. It looks great, but even with duel 570's I can't get a decent framerate.Also the controls are terrible!Please fix the many problems with this game Cyan and I'll change my review."
76561197967543196,Not Recommended,244430,13166351,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Rockovissi,"The engine is really buggy and poorly optimized. Let's just say, Far Cry 3 gets me 60fps on Ultra settings at 1920x1080 and this game looks nowhere near that good. I get about 20-30fps. Stick to the original classic 2D Myst."
76561198027428012,Not Recommended,244430,23709647,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,UnknownMajorPain,"I love the Myst games and after finishing Myst 3 again I decided to go back and play the first Myst game.  RealMyst and my copy of Myst masterpiece edition didn't work well on Windows 7 so I decided to buy this so I could play Myst on my newer PC.  If you want to play Myst, dig up an old pc and play Myst or the original RealMyst.  Somehow RealMyst Masterpiece edition looks older and feels clunkier than the original realMyst."
76561197980311769,Not Recommended,244430,16092958,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,mwdudley,Will not start.
76561198027102439,Not Recommended,244430,20257760,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,akamruz,I couldn't play this game because it was too much for me. I got scared and quit and never looked back. The graphics are not as they seem either.
76561198049188139,Not Recommended,244430,16426529,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,grape_,Doesn't even work. It's a shame the steamRefund program wasn't around sooner.
76561198126820735,Not Recommended,244430,9413493,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,ydg47,"Save your money.  I played this game in the past and it is a great game, but this version does not run properly on the Surface Pro tablet.  I see from the comments in the community page that others have the same problem that I have.  The island is very dark, the inside of the buildings are even darker, and the flashlight only works on the bushes.  It is so dark, that objects can't be manipulated.  While I understand that the game might have been optimized for Apple hardware, I wish that realMyst had not been advertised to work on Windows 8 or 8.1 OR at least that there was no guarantee that it would work on the Surface tablet.  Cyan paid no attention to the game's compatibility with Surface but judging from the sales of Surface Pro 2, they will have to pay attention in the future.  A waste of money for now (and it is terrible that STEAM does not give refunds), but hopefully Cyan will have another update.  This experience will also make me try to avoid using STEAM in the future.  As for Cyan, they need more support staff.  They don't respond unless you contact them twice."
,Not Recommended,244430,10811136,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,MisterS42 [BEAST],"I can't get fullscreen at 1920x1080.  Everytime I try, it throws me into 640x480 fullscreen.  Which is basically the exact opposite.  FAIL."
76561198069977403,Not Recommended,244430,9236768,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,owen.garlen,"I would really love to recommend this game for nostalgia alone, HOWEVER it is currently unplayable for me because it is complete darkness inside all structures.  And ""yes"", I have: tried adjusting brightness, changing quality settings, checked driver version on graphics card, meet or exceeded the minimum games recommendations and have submitted a helpdesk ticket with Cyan.  If this can be fixed, I will amend my review."
76561198050315279,Not Recommended,244430,9126165,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,christin@live.ca,"I would love to play this game,but it wont launch,I put it on the back burner."
,Recommended,244430,28739590,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,zefer ]N[,:fallingman:
,Not Recommended,244430,10885493,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,zax,"This was really fun, until I was half way through the game and figured out that an outdated game mechanic is broken, requiring me to replay vast parts of this game.I would have recommended realMyst if it wasn't for this. IF you have a lot of patience, tho, pick it up! :S"
76561198106911150,Not Recommended,244430,9043294,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,charbadger,This game had a lot of issues if you are playing on windows 7. Also Steam does not downlaod realmyst.setup to your computer which seems to be what you need to fix the problems. Do not waste your money on this game.
76561198038391723,Not Recommended,244430,11163288,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,treyio24,navigation is awefull in this game
,Not Recommended,244430,9011251,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Z'Archer,"Running this on a Mac Pro 2010, there were numerous display artifacts and it was generally poor experience in the free look / free move mode. The classic mode was better but not why I bought this game again."
,Recommended,244430,32099631,Posted: 31 May,all,Kyven,It's pretty good.
76561198169258606,Not Recommended,244430,23952441,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,lottejulia,"This game is a joke.I bought this 'thing', not knowing that it was just a ♥♥♥♥♥ier version of Exile. I thought it would be this cool, patched up reboot of Myst with some great new features to it. God was I wrong.Little backstory: when I was eleven or so, I had this Myst collection with every single Myst game in it and boy did I play the living crap out of that (even Uru live, like, can you believe?). Especially Exile, never had I seen a game like that in my life. It had nice graphics, beautiful colours and challenging puzzles. So a few weeks ago, I wanted to pick it up again after six/seven years. And of course the CD didn't work, so I decided to buy it on Steam instead for a prize I thought it would be worth.No. If this is ever on sale for €0,02, it's still a waste of money. You'd better spend it on Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 5.Here's why: the 'game' is broken and outdated. It's extremely laggy, and I'm pretty sure that's not my computer's fault, as all other games run just fine. This 'game' is ONE enormous lag-glitch-mistake-monstrosity. And then the controls! The person who thought: ""you know what? Wouldn't it be a GREAT idea to make have the mouse control the camera angle AND the actions, but not at the same time? We could just have them left-click to freeze the camera, before they can select things."" DO YOU EVEN UNDERSTAND HOW GAMES WORK? And the interface is so slow and broken that you can't even change the controls because that literally takes 5 years and then the game crashes.So even if you magically manage to fix all of that, welcome to the vaguest gameplay ever. Oh, and you can barely walk anywhere, so good luck with that.There's a lot of decisions I regret, but buying this piece of nuclear waste has been the worst mistake of my life.-1/100000000000000"
76561197982395611,Not Recommended,244430,25961004,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,aTeemoMushroom,"Myst was the very first game that I felt truly immersed in.  Twenty years ago, I completely lost myself in the graphics, soundtrack, and puzzles of the game.  For whatever reason, Myst recently came to mind, and I thought that it would be amazing if there were a modern, up-to-date version of the same game.The title, realMyst, is enticing and gives you the impression that it's been remastered for the modern era.  I was sorely disappointed.  The game gives the option of running a classic mode (where you click around the map and the images fade from one to another) and a modern version where you can use WASD and the mouse to explore the world as it was (probably) originally meant to be explored.Unfortunately, this does not work as a modern gamer would expect.  Instead of linking the camera to the movement of the mouse, you have to push the pointer to the edge of the screen in order to pan the camera in any particular direction.  It's truly mind-blowing that such an out-of-touch interface would exist in 2016.  What's worse is that I run a dual monitor setup, and since I have to push the pointer to the edge of the screen to look to the right, and my desktop extends to the right onto the second monitor, the game is completely unplayable.  Instead of looking right when I push my pointer to the edge of the screen (and it's absolutely ridiculous that any game in 2016 would work this way), my mouse floats off to the other monitor.I even tried Windows+P to duplicate the image to the second monitor, but since my monitors are different sizes, the game crashed because it was unable to mirror the image to both screens.If you're looking to relive the wonder and awe of the original Myst, you're better off playing the soundtrack on YouTube and imagining it in your head.  This game is unplayable for the modern gamer."
76561198020789373,Not Recommended,244430,8995891,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Pow,"Ok. Where to start. I'm going to approach this in chronological order of mythorough dissapointment with this title. My first wave of frustration eminatedfrom the lack of an options menu right at the beginning. I like to set myresolution at least before starting a new game, so I had to watch the nice intro inan eye wrenching 1280x720, which was a little annoying but overall not a hugedeal. After spawning in the world a menu comes up and tells you that you have achoice between free roam and and classic mode, awesome. Naturally, I pick freeroam, because nostalgia's great and everything but classic mode really defeats thepurpose of playing a real time version of Myst. Walking around in free roam wasterribly confusing at first and didnt seem to make any sense, but what I figuredout is that if you're standing still you have to hold down the right mouse buttonto look. But you can look freely without doing that while moving. This is aterribly unintuitive control mechanic that makes free roam into a kind of mentalgymnastic constantly trying to remember to hold down the mouse button everytime you stop for half a second. It is the most pointlessy alien and baffling firstperson mechanic I've ever played. It's like Cyan has been sealed away in a glassdome for the last 20 years and essentially invented their own control mechanicbased on what they knew from developing the orginal Myst and didnt bother at allto take an example from literally any other well designed first person game. It'salso worth noting that when holding down the right mouse button, not only is ituncomfortable to hold it down while moving the mouse, the sensitivity isinexplicably lower which adds a new variable of unnessecary awkwardness intothis madman's equation. In line with my frustration with the controls is the factthat there seems to be mouse acceleration that cant be disabled. I personally viewmouse acceleration with the same burning hostility that I would normally reservefor someone who had just burned my house down and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥on my dog. And Ican't be the only one who feels this way so it would be nice to have a littlecheckbox or something like all of the FPS's ever that have a mouse-accelerationfeature. You know, just a thought. Now, that that's out of the way let's talk aboutthe engine. I've never been overly impressed with the Unity engine, and personallywould not choose to develop in it myself, but I really want to believe it can beused more efficiently than this. The fan for my decent graphics card that can runCrysis 2 with no real problems was screaming at full speed after about 2 minutes.I don't know if Cyan develops their real time titles in house but theyve neverseemed to reflect a firm grasp on how to develop assets for a games engine.Theyve always seemed to approach it with the same technique you would use forproduction rendering, in the 90's no less, going completely off the chain withtexel density and poly count for example, yet making no use of masking orlayering or anything of the sort that a modern node based shader editor can do tohide atrociously tiling textures. Foliage density is unneseccarily higher than acrack head fresh out of rehab, and I noticed a couple instances of vertex normalsbeing softened when they clearly didnt need to be which is just plain sloppy. I alsohave a sneaking suspicion that they took some of the textures from the 2000version of realmyst and hastily ran them through crazy bump. I love the originalMyst. It is a masterpiece, but this just seems like a sloppy insult to the original,which is exactly what I thought of the original realMyst from 2000. I hate to saythis, because Myst is so close to my heart, but I cannot reccomend dropping 17dollars on this mess of a game. If you're going to remake a classic for a 20thanniversary, have the decency to do it right."
76561197968782175,Not Recommended,244430,33907423,Posted: 30 July,all,Lucky_Bugger,"Very dated, Horrible graphics and very  poor gameplay  .. dont waste your money. if you want a good puzzle game, in a similar vein try Quern instead."
76561198038768294,Not Recommended,244430,10422821,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Miami Bryce,COMPLETE WASTE OF TIME AND MONEY!
76561198051446118,Not Recommended,244430,10306708,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,HELL BENT,"WFT don,t even bother"
76561198132602432,Not Recommended,244430,32712805,Posted: 23 June,all,Aphanitic Vader,"I have a fairly powerful PC with an RX 480, an i5 6500 and 8GB of DDR4 ram and I couldn't even get a pitiful 30 FPS most of the time on medium. Absolutely awful optimization, I should be able to run this at least at 60 completely maxed out"
,Not Recommended,244430,28416014,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Jonsta,"Runs like trash, go pick up the original RealMyst or better yet, play the original Myst series.30fps on a GTX 1080/i7..."
76561198347340763,Not Recommended,244430,28985801,Posted: 3 January,all,ellaguru.wellesley,"Back in the day it was a cool game. Thankfully games have moved on, and the gaming experience is now a pleasure. Take Quern for example, it looks wonderful, it plays like a dreaml and is just a joy to play. Sadly realMyst, masterpiece is just a pain to play. Old and outdated, if it was so loved, why has it not been improved?"
,Recommended,244430,18670993,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,GreatGreyBeast,"v2.0 is a great improvement - the right-click mouselook option solves the biggest issue I had with the game, making navigation as smooth as it should be. Thank you!There are still a couple of rough edges - most notably, changing the color of the crystals in Ryme requires click-and-hold rather than simply hovering as in the original realMyst, and there's no intuitive way to discover that. I had to look it up after assuming the game was bugged. Speaking of original-flavor realMyst, I also miss the day-night cycle in Selentic. The new skybox is cool, but I'm not sure it's worth losing that beautiful red-to-purple-to-black twilight.All that said, this is an absolutely beautiful game, superior to the original realMyst in pretty much every way not mentioned above, and should now be considered the definitive version of the game."
,Recommended,244430,18904676,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,pizzacheetah,"An old, but not dated puzzle game that really holds its own despite the test of time. It still lives up to today's standards, and the lore of this whole series is incredibly deep and rich. Especially nowadays, where games aren't meant to be difficult, MYST is a welcome challenge, as it will keep you thinking and struggling, and the struggle only makes solving the puzzles even more gratifying. Rarely will you find the solution to something simply written down, and if you're playing through it for the first time, you could spend months just exploring the beautiful worlds in MYST. The only thing I can say is keep a journal while playing, you'll want to write down what you're doing and planning on doing so you don't lose your train of thought, and sometimes simply writing down what you've done will spark a thought on what to do next you wouldn't have thought of otherwise. Plus, there are plenty of things you'll want to have recorded for later, such as number sequences and such. Believe me, this game is difficult, if I hadn't kept a journal while playing, I wouldn't have completed it, but that difficulty could hardly be called a con. If you like puzzle games, good story, or are simply tired of multiplayer and simple games, you should definitely give MYST a try. The updated graphics in this version are worth the extra money (plus there's some extra content that I won't spoil here), trust me."
,Recommended,244430,19285839,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Thaxs (Axel),"Awesome remastered version of the original that came out almost 20 years ago.I had no idea what I was doing as kid, but loved it.I thought I would pick up the game and be able to finally finish and breeze through the game.I was wrong. The puzzels are just great and very rewarding once you figure it out.The feeling you get you play this game is just BRILLIANT!"
,Recommended,244430,19449324,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Wraith81x,"I remember playing this game as a kid. When it came out it was amazing, and the work they've done for realMyst makes it just as awesome. Granted it is still a point and click adventure, I think it's redone very well. I remember as a kid getting lost for hours becuase of overlooking one simple little thing. Glad to see that is still true today! If you liked it as a kid, or like point and clicks, I recommend!"
,Recommended,244430,10305724,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Lark Lighter,"Ahh, the nostalgia.  It is a wonderful update to original.  This is quite a bit shorter than I remember though and much easier.  Not for those looking for much of a challenge but still fun.  Also you should play this one to play Riven.  PLAY RIVEN.I recommend using the classic navigation.  It worked best for me."
76561197999803664,Recommended,244430,10268172,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Dedalus,Brings back the old days. Ti'anas grave is a nice addition - a good nod for readers of the D'ni novels. Also features a hidden linking book for some fresh content. Worthwhile purchase for newcomers and veterans suffering from inevitable Myst nostalgia.
,Recommended,244430,10221660,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,hosser UK,"Thoroughly enjoyable, except for one obnoxious puzzle (Selenitic maze!). :D"
,Not Recommended,244430,9878560,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Caped Crusader,"I'm a fan of the Myst series going back to the original release and am even a proud backer of Obduction, the recent successful Kickstarter by Cyan, but I must confess I'm rather disappointed by this latest remastered version of their original blockbuster. Sure, the game replicates the fundamental details of Myst, but the new graphics are quite shoddy in my opinion. When the first edition of realMyst arrived many years ago, it genuinely pushed the limits of the 3D hardware available at the time. Initially it was heavily criticized for poor optimization, yet paired with the right hardware and with subsequent patches, looked quite excellent for its day. The presentation with realMyst: Masterpiece Edition, however, might have been passable 5 years ago, but it's distinctly behind the pack for what's acceptable today, even factoring in that Cyan is a sort of indie developer lately. Textures and other details are soft, while the lighting is harsh and unrealistic. Perhaps this approach was taken to make the title easily adaptable for portable devices and low-end systems. In any case, the dated and simple graphics don't warrant the cost on PC if you've already played any of the previous versions. It's also a shame in my opinion that Cyan continues to use their one mega-hit as a crutch, when perhaps their time might have been better spent creating a real-time 3D version of Riven or possibly remastering one or more of the other sequels. Given these results it might have been better still if they'd simply remastered the original game using pre-rendered graphics, but possibly at 2k or 4k resolution. It surely would be more impressive visually than what we have here. If nothing else it was lush graphics that consistently defined the Myst series. This rendition sadly fails to live up to that legacy."
76561197974721626,Recommended,244430,9297646,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,BJAlex_The_4th,"There is a reason I use the island of Myst as my icon; its just as interesting and beautiful as the first time I played the game as a kid, back before there were detailed guides and the internet was a thing."
,Not Recommended,244430,9130657,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Big Boy Worthless,"It's kind of disappointing how poorly this runs, even on a fairly powerful machine. On top of that, the updated visuals look cheap, the new control scheme is barely workable, and areas are often far darker than they were in the original, making it easy to miss key objects in the game world.Considering how polished and atmospheric the original Myst and Myst: Masterpiece Edition were, it's a shame that this update is so rough. Whats more, it's always been a weaker game in terms of internal consistency and puzzle design compared to its sequel, Riven. I'd love to see that game get an update, but not if it's anything like this one."
,Not Recommended,244430,9259178,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Madbat,"I have mixed feelings about this version, It does work on Win7 x64. And the classic mode works well for navigation and interaction once you get used to it.Trying to move in 3D gets very clunky, and there are frequent moments of black-screen that are a bit annoying. Otherwise, I think the quality of texturing was sub-par and a bit sloppy. The last thing I'll mention is sloppy sound quality as well.  Overall, This game is a sub-par remake compared to the care and attention that went into the original."
,Recommended,244430,9332177,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,AnitIam,Myst was the catalyst that drove me to purchase my first computer.  I remember being in a store back in the day and they had Myst running to show off a computer they were selling.  I stood there playing the game for a good 20 minutes until I was roused back to reality by a store clerk.I played all the Myst games up until URU because my computer could no longer meet the system requirements.Playing Myst again has been just as immersive and puzzeling as it was all those years ago.  It has truly stood the test of time.
,Recommended,244430,13176821,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,allyourbase,"One of my all time favorites.I'm not the biggest fan of the remaster for many reasons, but any way it does look a lot better than Riven in 2014.I wish they just worked on the resolution, but you can play it in a similar way to the original.Top 5 ever"
,Recommended,244430,14615702,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Markkanen,A great remake of a old classic.I really recommend this!
,Recommended,244430,13907327,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,[BT] |SW| QuillOmega0,"If you're new to Myst or looking for a replay, I'd definitely look into realMyst: masterpiece Edition. However if you've played Myst already and not looking to redo puzzles this has nothing groundbreakingly new."
,Recommended,244430,14552468,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Shirish,"tl;dr version: Highly recommended if you like adventure games and/or puzzles, and if you don't rage on non-major technical issues.--------------------------------Since I'm mostly used to point-and-click or modern adventure games, Myst was a new experience for me. It's a great concept- the player has to rely on visual and auditory observations to solve some large-scale puzzles, which are all completely logical and range in difficulty from easy to medium-hard (but I've played quite a lot of adventure games and am used to them; newcomers to adventure gaming may find the puzzles harder, but still doable). There is no pixel-hunting and no inventory system, which automatically dispenses with inventory item combination puzzles found in most adventure games.The developers suggest playing the game as if the players were actually present in the Myst universe, for a fully immersive experience and to better appreciate the story. Therefore I recommend playing Myst when you have quite a bit of spare time and are mentally relaxed. This is not the sort of game you'd want to play to take a break from your hectic activities or in the midst of a busy time to relieve stress. I made that mistake and my general attitude was just to plough through all the puzzles. Nevertheless, even though I didn't pay much attention to the story (or the environmental story-related clues), I found it fairly intriguing.The environments are simultaneously strange and beautiful, and have certain mystic feel to them (probably why the game is called Myst?). There are not a whole lot of things to interact with, which I think is very good, because that means there's very little noise in terms of puzzle-solving; most of the things the player can interact with are related to some puzzle or the other. The music and soundscapes are soothing and appropriate to the environments, especially in Rime age.Now for some technical issues- first of all, realMyst: Masterpiece Edition is a remastered edition (graphics/interface overhaul) of realMyst, which itself was a remastered edition of Myst. The masterpiece edition also has a free roam feature. In the previous versions, the player had to click on a place the go there and the field of view was quite limited, which may have been restrictive but was not necessarily a bad thing. However, mouse movement in free roam view is very clunky. There are no subtitles, which makes it hard to listen to the characters' monologues, and there are no options to adjust the music level. The graphics aren't -that- good and the game suffers from poor optimization.Still, I highly recommend it for adventure gaming or puzzle aficionados who don't mind the above-mentioned issues (plus RMME supports achievements and trading cards, and has additional puzzles to Myst or realMyst)."
,Recommended,244430,14560965,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,bnicolino,"That´s my first experience with Myst and I have enjoyed very much, great puzzles and a great plot (although very mysterious at first).Pros:Great puzzles and storyBeautyfull visuals (althoug not that impressive graphics, one must remember it´s a remastering/remake of a 90´s game)Great hints system that actually helps a lot whithout spoling the gameCons:♥♥♥♥♥♥ controls, no matter what method you choose.Sometimes too dark at night, spoiling the game and the visuals. There´s a flashlight but it doens´t help.Some bugs that made me have to reload the game and repeat complete sequences. Bugs in this kind of game really destroy your experience, since you wanna progress by yourself and sometimes you´re not sure if it´s a bug or you´re just not doing what you´re supposed to."
,Recommended,244430,14563811,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,MechaKnight,"So glad they updated the textures to the masterpiece quality. The original realMYST was riddled with compatability issues,mattelsoft didn't do this gem of adventure any justice. I'd suggest getting it while it's on sale, that being said, buying it from steam is a whole lot better than paying $100+ on ebay like i did for this rare game. Often imitated, this game launched the adventure genre, and was responsible for selling many multimedia CD-ROM and sound card kits. Give it a try."
,Recommended,244430,14459390,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,ktear.wow,Could not ask for a better remake of such a great game...   Maybe FFVII but even that is a bold statement.
,Recommended,244430,15880454,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Hoot.avi,"As someone who grew up on Myst and Riven, a new rendition of this classic is always welcomed. Yes, it has issues. But honestly, I feel as though they're kinda small issues. Small enough to the point that I can look past them to see the beauty of realMyst: Masterpiece Edition. Seeing all the ages of Myst in this much detail is simply breathtaking, in my eyes. It's not CryEngine, but honestly, it doesn't need to be. The placement of foliage, the color choices, texturing, modeling, it's all phenomenal.Honestly, the only real con I have about this game is the optimization. It's not great right now. Maybe Cyan will fix it, maybe not. With them working on Obduction, we may never see another optimization patch for this game for a while.Overall, I'd give this game an 8/10.-1 for optimization, and -1 for the semi-steep price point."
,Not Recommended,244430,16542590,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Muticere,"While I do not dislike this game, the experience playing realMyst just doesn't quite compare to the original game.  Somehow the world feels smaller and simplied.  Where a room or an area used to be filled with small details you could look at and wonder over, the same room in this version may feel very sparce, containing the main set pieces but lacking much of the personality.  There are some areas where this game is neat, but overall I prefer the original."
,Recommended,244430,16574225,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Mariodagamer,"I played the original version of myst as a kid on my PS1. I never finished it because I had no idea what I was doing at the time and never got a chance to play it again because we had to sell it. While browsing the store one day, I found this little gem and it stays true to the original Myst, even including some old animations found in the original. This is a beautifully remastered version of the orignal Myst and anyone that enjoys a good puzzle game should definitely pick this up."
76561198000968770,Recommended,244430,16322610,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,potterinv,"I was quietly thrilled to find a version of real MYST that would play on my System 8.   The improvements have been extremely well done.  I have loved MYST and the rest of the URU games.  I am looking forward to the new game..is it called ""OBDUCTION""?   I am very sad that RIVEN will not save on my system 8.  I searched to buy a second version that would accomodate 8 but could not find one.  I am getting a bit discouraged.  Still hoping that someone has an answer.  I didn't have a bit of trouble with REAL MYST: Masterpiece Edition for system 8.  What is the difference?   It is really beautifully artistically done.   Of course, nothing thrills me like URU.  It was so fun to see all of the dimensions.  I would love to see my character actually rest somewhere.  I feel like she has worked so hard.  That just shows you how realistic this experience is.Don't quit.  Give Riven a chance.  I am proud of CYAN and STEAM for allowing those who love mind stimulation for the more mature adults.  I feel like thirty years old again.   I get ""MYSTY"" and all STEAMED up about it thinking of it. :)"
76561198117760235,Recommended,244430,16373826,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Skarp Hulduson,"Sometimes, you just want to go exploring. You want to go wandering where the challenge is not kill or be killed, but rather ""What the heck is this about?"" and the puzzles are challenging but they don't ""cheat"" by hiding clues in ridiculous places.For this kind of (non-)action, nobody—still, after all these years—does it better that Myst. Or realMyst: Masterpiee Edition, from the people who know that riculous places is where you hide easter eggs, not game-advancing elements."
,Recommended,244430,16374719,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Auran,Fun and Faithful reproduction of the original game.Controls are a little weird to get used to (inversion swaps the x axis as well as the y!)Some achievements are glitchy (Lost Then Found - you must do this one on your first visit to Stoneship Age otherwise start a new game)
,Recommended,244430,16378156,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,W LeMay,"If you played the original Myst or one of its remakes (Myst Masterpiece, realMyst, Myst for iOS) then you will enjoy this remake that takes the old game and puts it into a modern engine.  If you have never played Myst, this is perhaps the best way to get acquainted with the series by starting at the beginning in a modern game engine.  There are a few shortcomings, the framerate is a bit slow at some points and the controls are bit clunky, but besides that, this is a classic 1990s game updated to 2010s standards, and I would give it an 8/10."
76561198084133694,Recommended,244430,15456799,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,KingKiller03,A lot can be said about this version of the classic Myst. To start out the free roam really brings a whole new level to the game. The graphics are a solid 10/10. Alsmost felt as if it was a new game (kinda like getting a new paint job on your car). The addition of Rime Age really helps the story advance to the next game in the series. Overall I give this game a 9/10. Also it took me according to steam only 11.6 hrs to get all of the achievments.
,Recommended,244430,15366846,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Forkentiney,"This game is fantastic! I remember playing it so long ago and this really brought back the memories! I recomend this game to anybody looking for a challenge or to anybody who, like me, has the old CD-ROM disc that won't work on anything newer and definetly not Mac OSx. The only thing I did not like was the bit of color change that they did. I used the shift key a lot (It shows the old picture) to see things from a different ""angle."" However, this is a must get!When looking for the sequel of this game, ""Riven: The Sequel to Myst,"" it's going to be easier to try and get your discs to work on an older OS of windows. Do not buy the Steam version, it does not work (well). Instead, google search ""The Starry Expance Project"" and support those guys in their efforts to do to Riven what was done to this version of Myst."
,Recommended,244430,16281930,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Gin,2.0 is lovely! Shapes up to be a solid modern remake of a favorite classic!
76561197972360475,Recommended,244430,16473388,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,CapnPropaganda,"While a little short and a little simple by today's standards, for anyone who played the original near its release 20 years ago, this is a marvelous experience. The island of Myst and its linked Ages are all reproduced very well, without the hiccups and stuttering the original realMyst had. I found the most intriguing part were the tiny changes made here and there, hinting to other Myst games and Myst novels--or were they there all along in the original, and I never noticed? Myst is still full of mysteries (excuse the play on words).Highly recommended for nostalgia or for an excellent means of experiencing one of the all-time classic adventure and exploration games."
,Recommended,244430,16430960,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Corn On The Rob,"♥♥♥♥ing AMAZING. Sometimes i start up the game just to visit the Channelwood age.Same great RealMYST, With close to next-gen graphics. It is a little hardware intensive, though.If you liked realMYST, or any of the MYST then you should buy this remastered edition."
76561198055376914,Recommended,244430,16196712,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Magindoe,myst was the first game I ever played and was effectively my first gaming love so excuse me if my view is slightly biased towards amazing.this remake is stunning and although it has very little difference from the original gameplay wise and has some troubles in areas with lag especially rime although it's graphics make up for this in spades and these problems will likely be fixed in the future.it also has myst 5's free roam system so you don't have to slide along predecided routes this also allowed several easter eggs to be hidden in very sneaky locations but for those who liked the classic point and move system you can swap between them at will.word of warning you may need a fairly beefy computer to run this at the graphics levels where this remake really shines.all up an amazing remaster and with real riven in the works it could only get betterif you are a myst fan you will adore this game if not then if you don't want to spend 15+ dollars on this then consider the original myst first it may be old but it is significantly cheaper.
,Recommended,244430,13235978,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,MadeUnderground,"10/10 would play again. Brought me back to '99 when my sister and I struggled for ages to try to get through the original Myst. We never made it, lol (Being 9 and 7 years old respectively).Mind was blown about how much I didn't know or understand about the story, but I'm glad I got this version to finish it and to fully understand and appreciate the story.I'll be looking forward to Riven next."
,Recommended,244430,13679938,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,EnduringBeta,"It's basically impossible to capture what was so amazing about the original Myst in 1993. These re-releases show that to me. But it can be nice to revisit the old island, check out how the spaceship is doing. See if that giant cog is still there, if that boiler still works.Moving around independently is nice, but adds little beyond seeing places previously rendered in still images from the occasional new angle. The updated graphics leave something to be desired. The game feels torn between being locked into its small levels from the 90s and expressing its beauty with the technology of today. In this way it begins to feel out of place, odd. For another example, the video of the brothers trapped in their books is painfully low-quality (understandably so!), and the ""distortion"" effect, reminiscent of VHS degradation or antenna tuning, shows its age.Part of what makes the appeal of the original Myst so unattainable is that I, we, are different people now. Not only was I extremely young and exploring a fantasy world for the first time, but in 20 years we've seen what games are capable of. We've explored amazing worlds with hidden stories and mysterious origins. Time and video gaming has moved on, and while Myst will be remembered for its landmark status at the time, it, like early 3D games, will be less playable going forward.I enjoyed the additional age after beating the game. It was a nice epilogue to the original. I liked that there was an internal help system for those who might need it. I felt it could have been implemented better, just like the controls, which I never fully got used to. But the additional feature is nice.I'm not sure if I recommend this generally. It's often really cheap, so there's little cost to getting it. If you want to relive a shadow, if a crisp, well-defined and anti-aliased shadow, of the original experience, get it. Don't expect magic, though.Hmm. It appears I HAVE to either recommend or not. I imagined this without a thumbs-up or -down. But given the price and the frequency it's on sale, it's an okay buy.(I wrotea more personal and sprawling review of this gameon my website.)"
,Recommended,244430,15815635,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,the1stMoyatia,"This current version of Myst succeeds every version of Myst in ways that I can barely imagine. I've wanted to relive the magic of the journey through Myst Island and its four ages again, but the two versions of Myst I have tend to crash every time. I'm glad this version didn't crash on me. This remake is everything I ever wanted, the world this game takes place in is inspiring as always but with the quality of a seventh generation environment. Though it may be more up to date, the nostalgic value balances it out quite nicely. Like every other version, it gives you a sense of walking into a dangerous environment where everything can fall apart around you. I wish Cyan would do a remake of Riven just like this but with the same quality as the original."
76561198189286819,Recommended,244430,15801513,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,bazmcstay,I loved this game and almost every other similar purchase I make now on Steam is measured against it. I only hope the other titles in the series are made available to Mac players - I need more Myst!
,Recommended,244430,15802750,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Zarky026,"I am no expert critic, there is a lot I could say about this game (probably too much). I really enjoyed it, great remake of the original with references and easter-eggs to boot."
76561197974425799,Recommended,244430,15486463,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Warjunkie,Oldy but a goody!  just need all the rest masterpieced!! XD
,Recommended,244430,20926021,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Kalusian,ProsTruly immersive and explorable world.Decently challenging puzzles.Pleasing soundtrack and graphics.Interesting readings.ConsTHOSE BROTHERS. THOSE ♥♥♥♥ING BROTHERS.Rime Age is not really as satisfying as other ages... but aurora was pretty I guess.Overall 9/10 Would recommend this game to the people who are new to graphic adventure games.
76561197966554622,Recommended,244430,16677538,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Andrew,"Fun, beautiful and engaging, it takes a day or two of game play with time off for reflection to get your head around some of the less obvious parts. Nothing rock solid which keeps it fun. The controls are infuriating at times; I suggest only bothering with the free roaming function to get some steam achievements. Said steam achievements are there to make sure you get the most out of real exploration.Have a few save files on the go and a notepad and camera handy to get through it with as few curse words as possible.If on offer buy Riven as well as you might get withdrawal after you finish this game."
,Not Recommended,244430,16632843,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,BOT Arcady,"When I bougt it, i hoped that this it totally reworkd real myst, with new engine, with bugs fixed, with new textures. I also remember that the original real myst had a bug that it was eventually crashing whwn loading a level. And, do you know, what? This ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t crashed on my first lauch. The didn't fixed this, i guess, very known bug, so i consider they didn't use a new engine. They just took the old game, modified it a bit and want money for this. Definetely not recommended. I think I wasted my money"
,Recommended,244430,16847834,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,0uros,Fantastic Remaster of the orginal.
,Recommended,244430,10177277,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Stiffler,"Amazing game. Although Needs to support ALU functionality on laptops. I can run Crysis on max setting yet this wont go above 5 frames, so keep that in mind if using a laptop."
76561198074486659,Recommended,244430,15282018,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Theotician,"This was a fun distraction.It was nice to go back and play this game, very nostalgic. Being able to wander everywhere added some value, and the weather and day/night cycles were beautiful.Maybe I'll come back and play again someday. Always fun to see how fast I can rediscover everything!"
76561198188573323,Recommended,244430,15110227,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,snowman84118,"Myst.....ah yes, Myst. the great grand daddy of just about all point and click adventure games. one of the first games for PC that I played back in the day. and let me say, after seeing and playing the new and improved version I am impressed! I almost did not buy this version, after reading about problems that others here seem to have had. but I downloaded version 2.0, and to be honest I found it to be bug free on my PC's. I installed it on 2 desktops running Win XP, and 3 newer laptops all running Win 7. the desktops, although aging, ran the game flawlessly. and I was pleased to see that on the 3 laptops, the game automatically went to widescreen, to match the displays on those sytems. they are all Dell inspiron 1545's, 2 with the onboard intel graphics and 1 with the ATI radeon onboard. the ATI ran the game with the max setting chosen in the setup menu. the 2 intel's ran it just fine set on high in that same menu, with the game set to classic mode and the movement slider at three fourths. to be honest, I used the classic mode on all these systems, because I don't like using the keyboard a lot when playing. you can still admire all the new beauty by holding the right mouse button as you look around. toggling the F key turns the flashlight on and off, a feature I was very happy to see added. as I said, the game ran flawlessly for me, and thats saying something on the standard laptops. granted, my 2 desktops (both pushing 10 years old) are running the Nvidia Geforce 5200 with 1 gigabyte video ram (itself an aging card) and pentium 4 CPU's, but still the game runs and looks beautifully. I suggest to others that you make sure your system meets at least the minimum requirements stated to have the most fun. but as I said the laptops ran the game just fine (with a little tweaking in the setup menu) with the standard Dell intel graphics. all 3 are running the P9700 core 2 duo cpu at 2.8Ghz. but even these laptops are pushing 7 years old at this time, so again I was very impressed with what Cyan has done with this newest release of Myst. the grass waving in the breeze....the water lapping gently at the shore...and birds flitting overhead as the sun set in real time. I have over 150 old PC games I've collected over the years, and have a 14 yr old HP pavilion running win ME that I play them on when nostalgia hits me. but I can honestly say it was a real moment for me when my 15 year old daughter put away her Nintendo Wii controller and came in to play Myst with me when she saw what was going on. and we played it all the way through together. and she was just as impressed as I was. I only hope Cyan gets to work on Riven and the other myst games as well. I would certainly buy them, and I suggest this game for all those old gamers like me who want to show thier own kids that these old gems can still have tremendouse play value in the high tech world of today."
76561198081622466,Recommended,244430,9065559,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,jaustin,Update the review to a thumbs up with the new version 2 and the better controls.  It took a really long time but it's finally here.
,Recommended,244430,16032890,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Pandalion,"Good game. :3 I could never beat it when I was younger so when I saw this on steam I had to get it.  I enjoyed the free walking a lot, altho I am still a fan of the classic style.  (I played and beat this game last summer) I feel like I remember it being a little glitchy at times but I saw that they've done some updates so maybe that is fixed. Good stuff, totally worth 18 dollars."
,Recommended,244430,18339008,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,"Germanic Tigress, Spunkmeistra","As a player of the Original MYST, MYST Masterpiece Edition, and now this edition, I can say that this version lives up to the predecessor versions in addition to having some wonderful graphics for screenshots and nostalgia whatnot. The fact that this version has a little overlay to compare to the original is very nice and allows one to appreciate how the look has improved. There is also now surround sound and higher sound quality to compliment the upgrade. The price is a touch high if you've already played the game, as vets will be able to go through the full game in a couple hours or so unless you get stuck in the Selentic underground (again).I did not notice any bugs playing through this.If you have never played Myst, try this. Getting older versions of MYST can be painful and time consuming, and likely not worth it unless you're going for nostalgia of an earlier time. If you do need help with an earlier version of MYST message me/leave a comment and I'll help you. I wrestled with MYST Masterpiece Edition for 4 hours to get it working."
,Recommended,244430,18364116,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Alm,Excellent; a must-play for any fan of the original Myst. It's stunning to be able to walk around 3D rendered worlds identical to those portrayed in the original. It stays true to the original in all regards.
76561198195954653,Recommended,244430,18315845,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,beatlebug90,"As a girl that grew up and watched her father playing this game, it was a real treat to be able to play an updated version of Myst.  I remember not understanding how my dad figured out the clues and it didn't seems like there was ever an end goal.  As I grew up, I tended to gravitate more towards puzzle games and solving room puzzles to continue on.  I was always intrigued by this game and this remake is everything and more.  They enhanced the ability to navigate on more of a free will basis instead of moving at predetermined intervals.  The graphic quality is enhanced but the overall game is the same, which I think is perfect.  I only hope that they continue on with the reboots of the sequels, starting with Riven of course.  Once, they do.  I will definitely buy it the second it is released."
,Recommended,244430,18508361,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Adam DeLand,"It's pretty much the game everyone knows and loves, but played in a modern style.  You can walk almost anwhere freely, and the achievements allow you to find things that you may have skipped over."
76561197971399047,Recommended,244430,13143941,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Tough.Resolve,"Great looking thus far. Moving around with free look is certainly faster, but classic mode is far more nostalgic. Additionally, pressing shift in classic mode to view the slide as it was in the original is a fantastic touch. In free look mode it often feels as if you have to be closer or aligned way straighter to interact than is necessary, but that is quickly overcome. Overall a good rendition of the game I'm happy to consider a Myst game."
,Recommended,244430,10821423,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,loner,"For those unfamiliar with the game, Myst is a classic first-person point-and-click puzzle game, originally released in 1993.Mystseries is set in an interesting universe where different worlds can be visited through specially-written books, and this is exactly what you'll be doing throughout the game. Each world has a unique theme and a set of puzzles to solve, but rather than puzzles being your typical logic minigames - they rely observation. Pulling random levers, pushing buttons and trying to figure out what they do is what Myst puzzles are all about. The game itself is actually very short and can be beaten in under an hour if you know what you're doing..realMyst: Masterpiece Editionis a faithful remake of the game. Not without flaws, but certainly worthy of a recommendation. Its new modern features and visual effects make the experience even more immersive, while doing a great job preserving the charm and aesthetic of the original game. Free-roam controls add complete freedom of movement, while classic control scheme can also be enabled at any time.The game doesn't always run well, and compared to some of the modern games of the same genre its visuals certainly lack consistency and polish. However compared to original Myst it looks and plays much better.-----------I previously criticized realMyst:ME for somewhat awkward controls, crashes, poor performance and visuals while better than the original - still not good enough to justify the low framerates even on a high-end machine. Thankfully, the 2.0 update brought improvements to all of those areas.- While the game still suffers from low framerates in some areas - reducing the visual quality does improve it significantly. This wasn't the case prior to the patch and the game would stutter even on low settings.- Model and texture quality is very inconsistent throughout the game. In some areas the game looks better than even modern AAA games, while in others the model and texture quality looks 15 years out of date. Prior to the patch though, the latter was a much more common occurence."
,Recommended,244430,14975287,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,xenofoxx,"The original Myst holds a special place for me. It was one of the first PC games I ever played.An open world first-person puzzle game that drops you onto a mysterious island and you basically have to figure everything out on your own.realMyst: Masterpiece Edition is a remake of the game using a newer graphics engine. Overall the game is true to the original but new features such as an option to walk around in real time (or stay with traditional point-and-click), a day/night cycle for the Ages, and a few hidden tie-ins to the Myst Novels and Riven.Also for veterans of the original game, a brand new Age to explore.If you've NEVER played this game, but enjoy first-person puzzles, I recommend giving it a try."
76561197979858413,Recommended,244430,14381760,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Barbos,Classics in a modern performance
76561198060867707,Recommended,244430,13432638,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,sheralmyst,"The world must be ending....it actually works on Vista. This game is a real treat for those like me, who have traveled all the Ages and read all of the books. The story of Atrus and Catherine and the fall of D'ni is one of the best ever told. Being able to visit the resting place of Ti'ana was a nice surprise but, the addition of one book in the library was the highlight of the game. It makes me feel hopeful...I still have my journals...I still hear D'ni calling."
,Recommended,244430,13443931,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,LuxAeterna,"I originally playedMystafter playing through its sequelRivenback in 1997 (17 years ago!)realMystwas such a delightful bit of nostalgia and is definitely an improvement over the old game.  If you've never played aMystfranchise game, you may have difficulty adjusting to this playstyle.  There are no enemies, no time limits, no experience points, no health bar, and no quest log.  These games are visual art where puzzles must be solved to progress the story.This is definitely a game that needs to be played.  The graphics are improved, even if the polygon count is low.  The ambience is spectacular (which is a requirement forMystseries games).  Best of all, the story is so good.Note that the achievements don't unlock.As an aside, I remember keeping an exhaustive set of notes back during my first playthrough in 1997.  The Steam screenshot tool makes this so much faster.  ;)"
76561198116837693,Recommended,244430,19622075,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,sean.becket,"I played the original in college 20 years ago and absolutely loved it.  Before then, nobody had really taken on such a graphically beautiful (for the day) point-and-click puzzler.  With the new updates, I found that although I solved it back then, the challenges were still fun and twenty years of separation had dulled memory enough that I didn't have all the answers immediately so it was a fun replay.  Taking it to the first-person space gave it a whole new feel and the updated graphics though not photo-realistic were still enjoyable.  If the devs are reading, please do this for Riven and the rest of the series too!"
76561198032818835,Recommended,244430,19647593,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,peter_mf,A little piece of childhood beautifully remastered to bring back all those memories!
76561198040899012,Recommended,244430,19688761,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,bchaston,"A walk down memory lane. I remember playing the original MYST a good 20 years ago back when I had my first CD-Rom computer. The game intrigued me with its photo realistic settings and complex puzzle solving. A classic through and through. Now with today's technology, we can finally explore the worlds of MYST in full 3D movement; something many have pined for since the game's advent. It is well worth it with Day/Night cycles, some weather effects, and improved visuals. Some may be turned off by the controls, but there is an option to play it oldschool style by just clicking where you want to go. Fans are more likely to enjoy this, but newcomers should enjoy it too. Let's hope the other games in the MYST series get this treatment. Would totally buy a realRiven if it existed."
,Recommended,244430,21070223,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Demagogue,Great updated version!
,Recommended,244430,21357404,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Christeneus,"The theme has always bewildered me, and the remote viewing with classical literature a real catch. I both loved and loathed this game back in the 90's, and now still found it as tricky, decieved by inperceptable triggers with the mouse (hidden buttons). Still despite falling back on third party help, available now, with the INTERNET, hello! ...To find that excruciating missing link, well meanwhile the athmosphere this game engenders can't be matched."
76561198204277224,Recommended,244430,22179278,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Knysidious,Fantastic puzzle game. I really enjoy these types of games. Good mind candy. A nice break from the shoot em up games. :-)
,Recommended,244430,20154737,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Salvo Ludus,Great upgrade to an already amazing game!
,Recommended,244430,20167577,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Feather,I played the original Myst when i was a boy. This is just reliving my memories with a cherry on top.
76561198200560681,Recommended,244430,20311836,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,WildLoki1979,"If you were a fan of the original, this remastered edition is a great way to fall in love with Myst all over again."
,Recommended,244430,20513348,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Kitty,"Played this game so many times when I was a kid. The music and loneliness still gives me the chills. I really liked the option 'Free Roaming' in this remastered edition; had the feeling I could discover more.If you're new to this genre of gaming, THIS is a game (series) next to all other classic Point 'n Click games you must have played before venturing forth in modern point and clicking :)It's nice to play this great game classic."
,Recommended,244430,19804365,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Raingram,"A brilliant remaster of a fantastic game that can only be described as a Mysterious Adventure-Puzzle game.One of my favourite things about it is how the Endgame isliterally staring you in the face from the very beginning, and how the game doesn't force you do do anything in any particular order. Instead progression is directed by how much information you have on the worlds.If traditional FPS games aren't your thing this is well worth a try!"
76561198209559355,Recommended,244430,19806875,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Job,I love this game I searched for it a long time. Now I found it. And I buyed it.
,Recommended,244430,19970239,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Blitz4,"When I was a youngin, I never got anywhere with this game.Takes less than 10 hours to beat it, but this game is defenitely something to play if you're interested in video game history or game design.I think Myst was the best selling video game of the 90's up until Half-Life and StarCraft (if you exclude anything Sega or Nintendo published back then). How they tell the story, designed the puzzles and the world is something I've never seen before nor will likely see again."
76561198012995083,Recommended,244430,20705774,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Pusalieth,"Get game. The graphics have been completed updated, and a look back at how much with every cut scene. I can't seem to find all the easter eggs from the original, but some good new ones. Happy Hunting, make sure to ask Adam and Jamie for help."
76561198207537188,Recommended,244430,25045265,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,silverthorns,"The most impressive thing is every location you land on serves as big functional machine and you have to really understand how they work intuitively instead of just playing some math and graphical gymnastics. That being said, some sections are underwhelmingly easy and the puzzle play is somehow restricted due to the lack inventory system. The graphics are realistic and the mouse click feels unresponsive, therefore the biggest difficulty is often figuring out which pixel on the screen is interactive.For reviews and other article about games, visit my bloghttp://silverthorns.kinja.com/"
,Recommended,244430,25275903,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Dansl,"Played this game in the 90s, but never finished it... Glad I waited because playing the Masterpeice edition made it way more imersive. All the Myst games are amazing! Highly recommend playing them all."
,Recommended,244430,25369435,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Tal'Set,"Definitely a lot of fun. Full of wonderful waves of nostalgia, but somewhat updated for the current age"
,Recommended,244430,27207476,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,AHD.SPK,An incredible gamePros:Great puzzlesWonderful GraphicsMind Numbing confusionCons:Not much replayability
,Recommended,244430,27103176,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,mbrown259,"Myst was one of the first games I owned and I had never completed it when playing the original edition.  Once I saw that it had been re-released I had to give it a try again and I wasn't disappointed.  This is the ultimate puzzle game and takes a little while to understand how it works but once I got into it I couldn't stop playing until I reached the end.  Amazing puzzles, amazing scenery, totally addictive!"
76561198043905244,Recommended,244430,27217192,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Lionheart,"Real Myst, takes the classic Myst game, and gives freedom of movement. Which significantly adds to the immersion, and feel of the game. Myst was good this is an improvement"
,Recommended,244430,27091563,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,CheffyBro,This is clearly the greatest game EVER made!
,Recommended,244430,27325720,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,SpotYS,Best 3D Puzzle game ever! First 3D game I played
,Recommended,244430,26965776,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Chaosgriffin,An excellent touchup of an enduring classic. It has both the original panel by panel playthrough to live back in the 90's. Or you can play up to date and go for a full 3D environment playthrough. With some extra little tidbits here and there that hint to the larger story that the MYST books tell of
76561198113230084,Not Recommended,244430,16454592,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,HellBringer,"what a nonsense game. no puzle makes any kind of sense. I dont believe that anyone discovered solutions without reading on google.Didnt like it then, dont like it now."
76561198039325861,Recommended,244430,16949487,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,TheKinkyKing,"The most intriguing, most unique, and simply the greatest game of all time gets a modern day makeover... at first I was not sure, but I was won over by the 'classic myst' point and click mode ... oh, and sunset in Selenitic is one to be seen :)"
76561198137793865,Recommended,244430,17625745,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,CatWithGlasses95,"Being a console gamer, I was mostly oblivious to PC games. Most of the computer games I've played were board games, Solitaire, ""push-the-block"" puzzle games, and Space Cadet Pinball. It wasn't until recent years, where I found out about the world of early PC games, particularly LucasArts point n' click adventures, such as the Monkey Island series, but chose to stick with my N64 and PS2. As I continued gaming, I became more and more accustomed to the newer generations, but as gaming morphed into a soulless machine spewing out nothing but meatheads in power-armor teabagging endless n00bs, boring brown enviroments, gun and ragdoll physics, etc, I started exploring the realms the more cerebral games of yore just to keep my interest in the hobby alive. One of the games in particular that peaked my interest in the adventure genre is, Myst.Myst is a graphic adventure game from 1993. The game thrived on the PC back then and was remade and ported several times on many systems, including the Playstation, Sega Saturn, the Jaguar CD of all things, and Nintendo DS & 3DS (Both are regarded as the worst ports of the game) I did prior research in the game and checked out a bunch of reviews. Almost all of them kept yapping about how they loved this game as a kid, all this nostalgia-gushing, how the reviewers kept kissing the game's♥♥♥♥♥ I kept thinking, ""Is there ANY reviewer sees this game for what it is, other than from childhood significance?"" I decided to give the game a shot on my PS3, via PSOne Classics. I played it and I hated it...at firstIn the game, you take the role of the stranger. Some random stumble-♥♥♥♥ who happens upon a book that transports him/her to the island of Myst. The Stranger is left with no choice, but to explore the island. The island holds a library, a rocket, an observatory, a cabin, and a power room. All of which contain puzzles for the Stranger to solve. These puzzles reveal four different books that transport the Stranger to different worlds, called ""Ages"". Upon entering the library, the Stranger finds two standalone books, the red and blue book. Both contain a message shrouded in static as both books have missing pages. The pages have been scattered through the different Ages located on Myst Island. The Stranger is now tasked to piece together why he/she is there by putting together the books and deciphering the messages.The main detractor of the game is the whole graphic adventure aspect. As soon as you start the game, it places you on a picture of the island, and a cursor. You start clicking around and realize your means of locomotion are through pointing and clicking, suffering screen-by-screen. I've been spoiled by 3D-games like Mario 64, Banjo-Kazooie, even first-person games like Perfect Dark. The screen-by-screen felt really strange and slow. It took time to get used to it and I eventually stopped noticing. As soon as I got used to it, I was in for a cerebral, and sometimes obtuse ride.The game averts several gaming mechanics. There is no combat system, no enemies to fight, no risk of dying, no time limit, and no hands to hold. Myst Island is your oyster! Also, be prepared to take notes. Seriously, you're going to have to write a whole bunch of stuff down. Many of the puzzles involve memorizing numbers, symbols, safe combinations, some of them are visual puzzles, some are auditory (One involves deciphering sounds to distinguish between north, south, east, and west) This isn't a game that you play, but one that you experience. It's solely about piecing together the story of how you got there and how you're supposed to leave.Myst is quite a unique experience. I'd liken it to those ""escape the Room"" puzzles, but on a much bigger scale. The puzzles are challenging, if not a bit obtuse, the settings look nice, given the old graphics (I'd recommend the Masterpiece Edition, an HD remastering) and story seems interesting, (Though, I'll have to play the other 4 to get the whole story). If you're tired of teabagging n00bs and wish to experience a game that involves your grey matter, rather than an itchy trigger finger, then step up and see what you've been missing."
,Recommended,244430,17631676,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Del Mingus,"I never got to play Myst when it was originally released so it was nice to get the oppurtunity now. For a 20 year old game they've done a nice job of making it look good. This game just drops you onto Myst island with no hand holding advice about what to do. You need to explore and figure things out. I really liked the puzzles in this game. Theres no obscure ridiculous ones. They all felt intuitive and if you explore your surroundings enough you'll eventually figure out the solution. The game really does a great job of giving subtle hints and clues. ( Thats not to say i didn't need to google a hint every now and again).Good points:- Nice remastered graphics- The islands in the game make for a very memorable setting. They seem so unique and unusual that it fits the game perfectly- Brilliant puzzles that are intuitive enough that they dont frustrate.Bad points:- The free roam controls felt a bit fiddly when walking aboutOverall this is a great game that im glad i finally got to play. If you havent ever played this game it's worth picking up this edition. Also worth mentioning if your completely stuck on a puzzle, try the Myst guide on Universal Hints System instead of just googling the answers. It'll give you useful hints without spoiling the answer as solving the puzzles yourself, even with a hint or two, is more enjoyable then just getting the direct solution."
,Recommended,244430,17602926,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,girlsagamer,I missed out on Myst back in the day so was very excited to find this version. I liked it a lot and didn't run into technical glitches. Definitely recommend if you like puzzle games.
,Recommended,244430,17545844,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,jaybot7,"The original game was all prerendered and didn't age well. But the ambiance and the mind-boggling puzzles still held up, so an updated version was definitely appreciated. For those that like weird-puzzles which border on completely illogical until you figure it out, this is still one of the best ;)"
76561198112625248,Recommended,244430,17186287,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,daniel_j_fraser,"I love MYST. It was one of the first games I ever played as a child. Came out 1993 and I played it a lot when I was between 5 - 8. I used to spend hours and hours trying to figure out the mysteries of the island with my brother and neighbour. A few years ago when realMyst came out I was super excited because my original copy of Myst no longer worked since my computer was too new. Alas, realMyst was plauged with crashes and didn't work on newer hardware/software. I thought this game may be forever lost to me as nothing but a very fond memory...constantly haunting me as the game I could never finish. (As a child I was only able to ever complete the mechanical world.) Then I found the remastered 2.0 version and it ran perfectly on my windows 8.1 and I finally got to relive and complete all those childhood memories. It is bittersweet in a way. The game was so fantastic in my memory and now that it is done the mystery that has haunted me my whole life is gone. I was however finally able to finish a task I set out to complete 20 year ago though and that felt great too. The remake is awesome. It stays true to the game while adding functionality. Also there is a little surpise at the end but I won't spoil that ;) If you haven't played MYST ever then for sure pick this up, even being 22 some odd years old it holds up fantastically if you have played it, there isn't really much new to keep you interested unless you are looking to run down memory lane...but this game is fantastic and will always haunt my dreams, and MYST will always be that perfect lonley island I will wander in my dreams.10/10 for max feels from a game thats hardly a GB big."
76561198047066936,Recommended,244430,17236108,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Neb,"What to say about this version of Myst?  Apart from ""it's better than the 3DS version"" -First of all, unless you've literally never played any version of this game before, the puzzles are not going to surprise you because THEY ARE STILL EXACTLY THE SAME. You can literally dig out your old notes from twenty years ago and use them to get through to the endgame.  This is probably my only real complaint with the re-releases of Myst, at least as far as the gameplay is concerned; would it have been so hard to add a random element to the puzzles?  Or maybe change a couple of them a little?  (Well, okay, there's a new Rime age and all, but even that one has been recycled from the original RealMyst.)So I guess nostalgia rules in the realm of Myst... but the main appeal of this game has always been its appearance, and I'm happy to say that has improved.  This version updates the original RealMyst to bring it in line with what modern hardware can produce, and the full 3D movement makes navigating the islands much easier (Channelwood treetops, I'm loking at you).The Steam version brings Myst up to date with Achievements, because that's what the kids are into these days (okay, I had fun trying to get them all too).If you're into the quiet, cerebral and immersive type of game, why not go for the one that made itself a landmark and give this game a try?  If you're an old fan of the game, there won't be too much in the way of new content to bring you back, but you'll have already made up your mind on this game by now anyway!"
,Recommended,244430,17210168,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Shino Puppy,"After nearly 18 years, I have finally managed to complete one of the first Windows-based games I ever played.When I began the original Myst as a kid, I was clearly stumped by the (then) challenging puzzles, and never made it past the Mechanical age, let alone completed the game.Being not only to complete the game, but be able to move around in a (now) normal fashion satisfied a need I wasn't aware I carried for two decades.For those that still wish to complete what they never finished as a child, this is the game for you. Otherwise, this is a hit-or-miss depending on how much you enjoyed things like Ether One or similar slow-pace puzzle games."
,Recommended,244430,28662370,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,CharliBearBird,"I remember attempting to play the first Myst game that my stepfather introduced me to at sometime around 8 years old, too young to fully comprehend the puzzles, but old enough to get bitten by the Myst bug. 14 years later I revisit the island I so loved and it's like I never left, except better. Remastered graphics, a free roam mode, and a new world, never before explored, I finished realMyst: Masterpiece Edition in 2 days of play and 10 hours of play-time and loved every second."
,Recommended,244430,22286716,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Xanth752,"MYST: Masterpiece, realMyst: Interactive 3D, realMYST: Masterpiece, MYST VR...They keep remaking this game because it is a masterpiece.Is this the best version? Your taste may very.I suggest finding the oldest or newest version and playing that."
76561198281001202,Recommended,244430,23061612,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Fothing,"realMyst: Masterpiece EditionAmateurish Unity remake of a classic, cult game.7/10"
76561198052728548,Recommended,244430,30111609,Posted: 22 February,all,elisesadoun1,"For some reason, I never played this game before now. I typically prefer first-person shooters or first person role playing, such as the Elder Scrolls. I'm glad I tried it, and  I really loved it. The graphics are stellar despite the age of the game. The puzzles were very challenging, and rewarding once solved. I loved that I had the option of going back and trying the different endings. Very relaxing and enjoyable, what more could I ask for? I highly recommend it for all ages and gaming skill."
,Recommended,244430,27989395,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Forehead,"Such a beautiful classic remastered into a 3D free-roam masterpiece with a bonus Age. This game has puzzles so clever, yet so challenging that you gotta write notes, very good atmospheric soundtrack, and amazing worlds that are so unique, amazing and breathtaking. Definitely recommend this game to anyone looking for a challenging puzzle game.9/10 - it's a mastapeesah, mwah"
,Recommended,244430,22124950,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,huemaster,"Oh boy, oh boy do I recommend this game? Yes! Myst is an amazing game that broke barriers in 1993 when it was first released. I love that they have remastered the game and it feels like a masterpiece and really is. Just get the game. But if you comeback saying I dont understand the story, the characters or the puzzles, what do I do? Then I say to you Myst is all about looking closer. Finding the story with in the game. I say that because you can play the entire game with out noticing the story! And that will show you that the game is more shrouded in mist and mYstery than you thought before.I'm so punny."
76561198090113743,Recommended,244430,33102294,Posted: 1 July,all,Skollx07,"I played this game when it orignally came out on Macintosh until my computer died- bought it again and even with my old Myst notebook of diagrams and codes still haven't beaten it... Classic puzzle point and click, if you like thinking, drawing, and puzzles, just get it!"
,Recommended,244430,34095186,Posted: 7 August,all,aradapilot,Remember finding someone with a CD drive in 1993 so you could play Myst? It got many people into pc gaming. This remake uses a comfortable modern first person perspective to revitalize the same world.
76561198147536340,Recommended,244430,34590251,Posted: 29 August,all,xXOKay_TheBaconLordXx,"Some people prefer better graphics, if you can get this game close to the price of normal masterpiece edition, i highly recommed, the upside is you can play in classic mode and hold right click to look around. THIS GAME IS THE BEST GAME I EVER PLAYED (alogth zelda:breath of the wild was close and in a diff genre) if you play this with no walkthoughs you have good expeiance, do your self a favor and buy a copy any vesion other then NDS, 3DS, and realMyst: Not Masterpiece :)"
76561198051297945,Recommended,244430,34521919,Posted: 26 August,all,Hyperion: Titan of Light,"What a beautiful game! Wow, I have all of the versions of myst and this is a stunner! What an improvement on the original CD. Such a great game! All the memories come floooding back and they are more vivid and supurb!"
,Recommended,244430,34574957,Posted: 29 August,all,Sirithre,"Let's be honest, if you're looking at this, you've most likely already played Myst and are looking for a nostalgia kick.That, it delivers. With improved graphics. Improved. Not great, not even good by today's standards. Just improved.The bonus age just gets 'tacked on' at the end and alludes to the sequel. Not especially creative, but a fun little addition.The 'free roam' actually makes the game more difficult in a sense, as you no longer have the rails focusing you on a specific section making it easier for you to overlook items.The day/night cycle just ended up being annoying, as night was obnoxiously difficult to see in, even with the flashlight.If you for some reason haven't played it and are just trying to figure out whether to get Myst, realMyst, Myst Masterpiece, or realMyst: Masterpiece... Well that alone should warn you that these are clearly remakes with the sole intention of getting additional money out of the series. Do what feels right for you. Or whichever is the cheapest/on sale. The story and puzzles are the same either way.That being said, it was still enjoyable, and I'd recommend it for anyone who has an active interest in the Myst story."
,Recommended,244430,34626303,Posted: 30 August,all,Rapture,"I remember seeing my dad playing Myst way back in the day. I picked this game up for the nostalgia, but instead I got one of my most satisfying gaming experiences to date. This game doesn't have any tutorial and doesn't hold your hand. You're dropped on an island and expected to slove puzzles. Finding the puzzles is as satisfying as sloving them. For many of the puzzles, there is no amount of trail and error that will slove them. Your actions must have purpose behind them. The puzzles are also quite varied as opposed to being build around a single mechanic. Not every puzzle is perfect, but I really felt like a had achieved something when I beat this game. A real gem; play this game."
76561198098975488,Recommended,244430,34967545,Posted: 15 September,all,Water_Samurai,"If you've never played Myst before, and love puzzle games, this is a classic. For longtime fans, especially those who never played the later releases; this is the definitive version to pick up. There is an additional Age to explore after beating the game, and while short, it adds a lot of depth to the characters that are here. Some of which I now feel should have been in the original game, considering how it connects to Riven.There is also a loving nod to Ti'ana, which if you've read the books, this is just such an awesome easter egg, and if you haven't read the books, I suggest you do if you love this series, as it is canon and written by the creators. Of course, you don't have to read those until after playing the game, as it will spoil some of the fun of discovering the island's mysteries on your own. Which brings me to the only real gripe I have....I've already played this game several times in my life, and I wish I could somehow forget all the solutions, and the game itself, only so I can experience it all again in the same way as I had many years ago. However, with the addition of Free Roam, it does feel fresh as I was able to explore the island a lot more freely than I ever have. Though, the free roam was a bit more clunky than I would have liked, it was still a nice touch.Those are my closing thoughts. Now I can only hope Riven gets a treatment like this at some point."
,Recommended,244430,35035471,Posted: 17 September,all,PointePortal,"I played this as a child and was a bit too young to appreciate it (though I was wigged out by it!)Anyway, this version is really a nice upgrade!  The textures are pretty, and you can walk around first person.  I needed just a few hints, but its nice to have a built in hint guide where you don't have to spoil things, if you have a busy life and don't feel like wandering around for a long time. Whoo hoo. Good job guys!"
